m Colonoscopies: Necessary, not so evil
e Folds of Honor celebrating patriotism in New Jersey with grand event
e Game of Thrones 4.04 Review: “Oathkeeper”
t Facebook buys Oculus VR for $2 billion; early donors of tech firm cry 'sellout  ...
e Melissa McCarthy and Ben Falcone's Secret to a Happy Marriage
t HAUTE WHEELS
e Enjoying Life! Beyonce on a Surfboard
b Chicago agricultural commodities rise
t Biggest-Ever Flying Bird Soared With 20-Foot Wingspan
e 'Captain America' flexes muscles, holds off 'Rio 2'
b German Finance Ministry expects ECB rate hike in 2015
t Amazon buys Twitch for over $1-billion
e Olivia Palermo and Johannes Huebl share beautiful wedding pictures from their  ...
e 'Bachelorette' Contestant Chris Soules Deserves Better than Andi Dorfman, Fans  ...
t New Mozilla CEO accused of homophobic, anti-gay beliefs
t Microsoft Exposes The Government's Crafty New Method Of Accessing Your Email
t Meteor "storm" possible tonight
t NOAA warns Alaska fisheries at risk from ocean acidification
e A great day on Broadway for 'Cripple of Inishmaan'
t Microsoft Office On iPad Would Hardly Be A Game Changer
t Apple, Google's Motorola Mobility settle smartphone patent litigation
m Motörhead Fan Suffers Brain Injury From Headbanging
b Argentina's default explained
t Game Boy Turns 25 Today, Share Your Favorite Memories Here
b Hewlett-Packard Company (HPQ) Misses Revenue, Hits EPS
t Closings and delays
b UN General Assembly Condemns Crimea's Breakaway
t Federal grand jury now investigating General Motors' use of faulty ignition switches
e Jay Z In Alleged Extortion Plot Over $20 Million Master Recordings
b Microsoft (MSFT) Brings its Office Suite to Apple's iPad
t Nokia Lumia 630 and Nokia Lumia 625 hands-on and compared
e North Korea calls Seth Rogen's new film The Interview an "act of war"
b This is a ticking time bomb for banks
m Why you should wash your hands after swimming in the bay
e Zac Efron & Rumored Girlfriend Get Cozy At 'Neighbors' Premiere
e Grapevine
t AMD announces Project SkyBridge ambidextrous design framework
m * Sri Lanka to mark World Blood Donor Day 2014 today
t San Diego County Gasoline Price Rises To $4.24 Per Gallon
e Academy Invites 271 New Members
b AT&T Forms Online Video Venture With the Chernin Group -- Update
t Matt Ford provides Kansas City residents with extensive information on 2014  ...
e Erykah Badu Tried to Kiss a New York Reporter on Live TV
m Poor Sleep tied to Increased Risk of Obesity in Children
t Comcast-TWC Merger Bad For Talent, Says WGA: Union Urges FCC To Deny  ...
t Report Indicates Global Warming Disrupts Americans' Lives
e Good Films Finish Last: Awful 'Transformers' Will Terrorize Contenders
e Arrests of 6 in video dancing to 'Happy' highlight tensions over change in Iran
e Kim Kardashian attends USC SHOAH Foundation event dedicated to Armenian  ...
b You are here: Home News French News Cuba: US fine on sanction-breaking  ...
b China Regulators Said to Draft Plan for Bank Failure Risk
e Chugach prepares to join the foamy ranks
b Postal workers union members to protest at Staples office supply store in  ...
b Why Intel (INTC) Is Climbing After Hours
t General Motors: A Look At Other Recent Recalls
b Ousted American Apparel CEO Seeks $23 Million in Severance
t GM forms recall probe team
b Lower Interest Rates Needed To Bolster Euro-Zone's Recovery, Says ECB's
m UK among worst in western Europe for level of overweight and obese people
t NASA's Voyager Displays Best View of Neptune's Triton [VIDEO]
e 'It's Called The Good Wife Not The Good Slut!' Julianna Margulies Insists Alicia  ...
e Russell Crowe Won't Get Vatican Blessing For His Latest Film, Biblical Epic 'Noah'
b How much profit will Fannie and Freddie return to taxpayers?
m FDA Warning Issued For Morcellator Tool Used In Uterine Surgery
t Earth-sized planet found in 'habitable zone'
b The Supply Side briefs: Mergers & Acquisitions continue among suppliers
b EIA downgrades California's Monterey shale by 96 percent
b Market Update: International Business Machines Corporation (NYSE:IBM) – Why  ...
e TV Star Rolf Harris Found Guilty of Sexual Assault
b Fingas: The problem with extreme wealth
t Xbox One Dev Teases External Hard Drive Update
t Netflix complaints about ISPs get FCC's attention, but how much else?
e Brick Mansions Review: Paul Walker Goes Deep
b Boeing Propels the Dow Jones Higher
t Comcast argues benefits of Time Warner Cable deal
e Kate accepts Hollywood star hours after LA quake
e MK Nobilette on Being First Openly Gay Idol Finalist: "I Never Intended It to Be a  ...
m Delayed cord clamping following newborn's birth is a good thing, says study
e New Music: Hilary Duff - "Chasing The Sun" [Full / Premiere]
b Home / Business News / Security Industry / Lockheed supplying radar for Space  ...
e All in the family: Melissa McCarthy co-writes 'Tammy' with director husband Ben  ...
b POSTCRIPT | How a stand-off at sea led to mob violence in Vietnam
b Gold price up at 6-month high as Ukraine, China prompt safe-haven bids
e How Did Peaches Geldof Die? Cause Of Death May Be Natural Causes, No  ...
e Beyoncé 'shopping for apartment'
b Priceline Buys OpenTable For $2.6 Billion - Analyst Blog
b Ladies' Home Journal ending subscriptions, magazine goes newsstand only due  ...
b GE's Alstom bid gains steam as Hollande said not opposed
m Mental Health Expo
e Mila Kunis won't talk about engagement to Kutcher, but Tatum? That she'll  ...
m UK scientific panel backs potential "three-parent" IVF babies
b Standard & Poor's closes above 1900, but it's a slog
e Justin Bieber says sorry for racial slur joke
t How you can help a local student win the Google Doodle contest
t Apple v. Samsung: Google to Cover Some Costs, Assume Some Liability
e Philly native actor James Rebhorn dies at 65
b June jobs report shows economy improving
e Source: Prosecutor to announce egging charge against Justin Bieber
e Win All Three Led Zeppelin Super Deluxe Edition Box Sets
m Hospital closely monitoring staff amid MERS case
e The Perils of Making Racial Insensitivity a Firing Offense
m Five-a-day 'not healthy enough' as seven-a-day is now recommended intake
m Fasting can reduce risk of diabetes
e An exhausting, interminable experience
e ESPYs 2014: Iggy Azalea's Boyfriend Nick Young Reignites Nicki Minaj 'Feud  ...
e House music legend Frankie Knuckles passes away at 59
t Gas prices average more than $4 in local area
e This rendering of 'Spider-Man' gets it right
m Ebola in West Africa: Death toll hits 467
m Briton with Ebola arrives in London hospital (Update)
e Fox unveils schedule, cuts back 'Idol'
e Old Man in A New Time: Schwarzenegger slowly comes back in 'Sabotage'
t Report: Samsung to introduce 5th smartwatch, this one has a SIM card
t Apple Updates iWork for OS X, iOS and iCloud
m Read daily to babies from birth, doctors advise parents
m Measles outbreak in NY may have spread in medical facilities
t Facebook buys Moves exercise diary app, service will live on
m Ireland has fewer doctors & hospital beds but more nurses than OECD average  ...
b Libya: PM announces takeover of two oil ports
t Watch Dogs Game for PS4, PC, Xbox One Release Date May: Anticipated Game  ...
e Katy Perry launches record label, Metamorphosis Music
t LG unveiling its next flagship on May 27th
e Full House Reunion!
b Caesars submits Woodbury casino application
e Ghostbusters 3 to shoot in early 2015, new director needed
e Actor Morgan Freeman ingests helium, vanishes into wormhole
e Indian-American takes on top US broadcasters in Supreme Court
t Tesla to hand over its technology to other automakers for free
e Lawsuit accuses 'X-Men' director Bryan Singer of sexually abusing underage boy
m Have you had the 'sexting' talk with your kids?
b Stamford Hedge Fund Sentenced For Insider Trading To Pay Largest Ever  ...
e State College Christians Celebrate Easter
t Nintendo's first mobile app revealed
t US-German-Russian crew arrives at space station
b Burger King buying Tim Hortons; new co. to be based in Canada
b Treasury yields rise ahead of Fed minutes
e Raider of the lost art: George Lucas to set up museum in Chicago
b Honduras landslide traps 11 artisanal gold miners
t Samsung Unveils Galaxy Tab S Tablets
b House Democrats submit plan to end Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac
b US producer prices fall on cheaper food-petrol
e The 'Batkid Begins' Trailer Will Make You Shed a Tear or Two (VIDEO)
e Jay Z Physically Attacked By Solange Knowles After Met Gala: Report
t New Galaxy S5 Ad Focuses On Device's Key Features Without Bashing Apple  ...
m US, Japan scientists withdraw claim of simpler stem cells
b Inmarsat To Provide Free Tracking After MH370
e 'Zero Motivation,' 'Point and Shoot' top Tribeca
e 'Transformers' tops box office on weak July 4 weekend
e Arkansas shaped Maya Angelou and will be 'forever grateful' for her impact, Sen  ...
e Aereo case heard in Supreme Court; Netflix to raise prices
b 10 best, worst jobs of 2014
b Minnesota planting delayed, but hope springs eternal
m Calif. chicken sold in Southeast Idaho linked to salmonella, recalled
e Video: Hitler reacts to the news that the Garth Brooks gigs are cancelled
e Highlights From Solange VS Jay-Z
t NYT: Obama Lets the NSA Exploit Some Internet Flaws
t The Musk Show in Washington Roils Rivals as Fans Applaud
e Did Kimye Get Married? Kim Kardashian Reacts to Rumors
e Black Twitter Weighs In On TI And Floyd Mayweather Fight [PHOTOS]
e Bullets Over Broadway, St James Theatre, New York
b Wasn't the goal of ObamaCare to get the 'uninsured' insured?
b Strong jobs report drives Dow past 17000
b Etihad to take Alitalia's 49percent stake
t Apple introduces entry-level iMac at $1099
e Angelina Jolie talks 'Maleficent', mastectomy, kidnap victims
t Unplug the Comcast/Time Warner merger
b Pilgrim's Pride Bid No Surprise for Hillshire, Blackstone
b Alibaba revenue accelerates ahead of IPO
b AT&T Buys DirecTV
m Groups launch CRC screening campaign as incidence declines
b Tyre casino proposal plan makes application deadline
b US stocks dip on weak data from China
e George Zimmerman Was the Special Guest at a Gun Show This Weekend
e Actor Michael Jace arrested for wife's murder
t Internet Heavyweights Lock Arms to Block Fast Lane
b Markets: BNP Paribas admits crimes in US court; UK manufacturing was robust  ...
b Inflation falls to 1.6 per cent
t QUIZ: Are These Photos Of Earth Or Mars?
e 'The Big Bang Theory' season 7, episode 18 promo, stills include disturbing  ...
b Official: MH370 crashed in ocean, no survivors
b ECB May Consider Asset Purchases
t The Year of Microsoft: 3 Announcements to Watch for at the Build Conference
b GM Canada auto sales jump 12% from last year, but trails Ford, Chrysler
b After Five Sessions of Gains, European Stocks Pause
e New Bachelorette 2014,Episode 6 Spoilers Revealed
m Despite warning Codeine prescribed to 500000 kids yearly
b Europe close: Stocks little changed after mixed factory reports
e BWW TV: Sneak Peek at MOMS' NIGHT OUT
t Amazon Planning A Free, Ad-Supported, Video-Streaming Service
e Julia Louis-Dreyfus blames birthmark for John Hancock signature snafu
b Oregon counties ban genetically modified crops
t Did Neanderthals Eat Plants? The Proof May Be In The Poop
b Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Plant Weekly Review
t India sales a big boost
m UN: Ebola cases could eventually reach 20000 - CBS 3 Springfield - WSHM
t Google gives Gmail a security boost in bid to stop spy snooping
t Apple Patents "Super-Resolution" Camera for Future iPhones
t Newfound pink world lurks at solar system's fringes
m Agent: Pistorius planned travel with girlfriend - WOWK 13 Charleston, Huntington  ...
b FX Update: FOMC monetary policy statement in the crosshairs
e 'Dancing With the Stars': Who Didn't Survive the Season's First (Double  ...
b Crude oil futures jump to Rs 6077 per barrel
e Top 10 Most Outrageous Shailene Woodley Quotes
b Yahoo Sees Modest Ad Gain In Q1
t Android TV: a brief history of Google's battle for the living room
t Battle.net stabilizes after DDoS attack, but "Lizard Squad" hackers remain active
e Mila Kunis' Super Long & Shiny Hair At MTV Movie Awards — How-To
e Kanye West reveals struggle of interracial relationship with Kim Kardashian… as  ...
b Alert: NASDAQ:ISRG Investor files Lawsuit against Directors Intuitive Surgical, Inc.
e Ice Cube Thinks Paul Walker Didn't Deserve Posthumous MTV Award
e 2Pac-Inspired Musical Set to Close After 55 Shows
e How I Met Your Mother: What Happened in the Last Episode?
e Brian Williams raps 'Gin and Juice' on 'Tonight Show' mashup
m 2 Lakewood officers suffer minor injuries arresting homicide suspect, Timothy  ...
t Amazon's Five-Inch Selling Machine
t Self-Driving Cars Are Ridiculously Polite to Bicyclists and Pedestrians. Watch.
e Watch Paul McCartney instigate an impromptu marriage proposal during his  ...
e Girl Cries When She Learns Her Little Brother Will Grow Up: “But He's So Cute!”
t Dinosaur on the move: Nearly complete T. rex arrives in DC for its new home at  ...
b The newly insured under ACA filing claims for serious illnesses at twice rate of  ...
t Sony Recalls Some Vaio Laptops For Battery Issue
e Good Friday 2014: Meaning and 5 Important Facts about Christ's Crucifixion
b Express confirms receipt of letter from Sycamore Partners
m Debbie Gibson Details Her Struggle With Lyme Disease
e Sources: Kim Kardashian, Kanye West to wed this week
t IPCC report: Bet your house on low carbon energy growth
e 'The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies' first teaser trailer released following  ...
e Kourtney Kardashian's husband leaves house?
e Public Declaration of Love: Selena Gomez Say 'I will always love you' in  ...
e Charlize Theron and Amanda Seyfried step out for film premiere
t Blackberry Signs a App Distribution Agreement with Amazon
b Oracle Price Target Raised to $43.00 at Stifel Nicolaus (ORCL)
e Brian Williams raps 'Gin and Juice' on 'Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon'
b Stocks rise on tech-firm gains
t It's Official: Microsoft to Close Xbox Entertainment Studios
t Company Update: Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) – Ex-Microsoft  ...
t Lubbock gas prices up following weekend; experts mixed on Iraq conflict influence
e Loot Drop episode 5: The Amazing Spider-Man 2 web shooter and action figure
t Samsung Galaxy Alpha is the latest to leak in premium S5 saga
e Exclusive 'Boyhood' TV Spot Charts the Growth of Young Star Ellar Coltrane
e Roger Ebert Gets the Two-Thumbs-Up Doc He Deserves
e Bizarre Subpoena for Johnny Depp in Murder Trial
e Fifty Shades of Grey Movie: Rita Ora Admits She Forgot Her Lines
e Lindsay Lohan Basically Confirms She Had Sex With Justin Timberlake
t Apple's investment in Beats makes sense, says Analysys Mason
e Actress Ruby Dee Has Died At 91
t Apple Might Release Two New MacBook Air Models Tomorrow
e Drew Barrymore reveals name of her brand new baby girl
e High Ho! Disneyland Hikes Ticket Prices
m Unprecedented international consortium assembled to accelerate collaborative  ...
b Air France cuts profit guidance on overcapacity
e Peaches Geldof Dead at 25
b Credit Suisse to pay $2.6bn after pleading guilty to tax evasion
e New Michael Jackson album drops May 13
m Alzheimer's Association International Conference® Convenes Health Leaders  ...
t CarPlay Is Coming To The Third-Party Stereo Market
b ZeptoLab Files Objection in EU Against King.com's "Candy" Registration
e Brosnan's 'November Man' fills bill for spy fans
e Dutch Arrest Teen Whose Tweet Threatened American Airlines
e Security guard injured at Ultra Fest in critical condition
e The Best 3 “Celebrities Read Mean Tweets” Videos So Far. Sofia Vergara Said It  ...
e Seen @ Chanel Tribeca Film Festival Artist Dinner
b Yuan at weakest in more than a year as sell-off accelerates
e Kim K. and Kanye: Already married?
t Driving the Mercedes Electric Car, All for $42375.00
b Stocks Fall In Higher Volume; Alexion, Gilead Drop 7%
t America's Favorite Whipping Boys: Time Warner, Comcast
t Microsoft reports 7% increase in commercial revenue as Nokia acquisition set to  ...
t Apple iPhone 5C 8GB version officially announced
b Asian Stocks Outside Japan Fall Before Fed Meeting Ends
t Apple Reportedly Picks Samsung To Manufacture iPad Mini Display Panels
t Apple Teams With IBM to Woo the Corporations It Once Ignored
t BlackBerry Wins Order Barring Sales by Seacrest's Typo
b Premarket: Iraq fears hit European shares, German bond yields fall
m Vaccines have low risk of serious side effects: study
e Kiefer Sutherland responds to Freddie Prinze Jr.'s slam
b UPDATE 1-Coca-Cola sales beat estimates as China volumes soar
b AFGE President: To Close Gender Pay Gap, Obama Should Insource More Jobs
t Time for more tabs
e What's Next For That Actor From Game of Thrones?
t Apple files for 'transparent texting' patent
b UK takes on counterfeiters with new £1 coin.
b With Easter falling later this year, eurozone inflation edges up to 0.7 percent in  ...
t Apple stock outlook as new products loom
b Tesco's profits fall not as bad as feared
t US biggest electric car maker Tesla gives away its patents – but why?
e Kim Kardashian's Vogue Cover Spoofed By James Franco And Seth Rogen
e Scandal Star Columbus Short Arrested For Bar Fight
e Emma Stone admits how much she loves co-star and boyfriend Andrew Garfield.
e Is Willow Smith Dating Moises Arias? Find Out the Real Score!
t General Motors Company Sales Are Strong Despite Worsening Recall Scandal
b Symantec fires CEO Steve Bennett, names Michael Brown as interim replacement
t Amazon Repurposes Server Capacity to Support Fire Phone
t Google Now comes to Chrome on PC and Mac
t HTC One M8 2014: Price and Release Date
b Tuesday, March 25 2014 07:23 AM
m Cut your stroke risk by loading up on protein, analysis finds
b Caracal scraps deal to buy TransGlobe Energy after Glencore bid
t PS4 Firmware Update 1.70 First Screens, Introduces SHAREfactory And Allows  ...
b Sushma takes up Immigration Bill issue with Kerry
t Watch SpaceX's Dragon Cargo Ship Rendezvous With The ISS Early Sunday  ...
t Online dating site urges users to boycott Firefox
m 18 New Cases Of Middle East Respiratory Syndrome Reported In Saudi Arabia!
t FCC Crashes Its Live-Stream Video During A Meeting Touting Its New Internet  ...
t LG teaser hints of circular smartwatch. Hello, Moto 360
b FAA: Jet nearly collided with drone over Florida
e Marc Webb's 'inner-Michael Bay' unleashed in Amazing Spider-Man 2
t Google Buys Streaming Music Service Songza
e Louis Zamperini, war hero and Olympian, dies in California at 97; story told in  ...
b March 25 Premarket Briefing: 10 Things You Should Know
e Khloe Kardashian Pregnant? Reality Star 'Carrying' French Montana's Baby
t Apple iPad Pro May Slip; Touchscreen MacBook Air?
e Charlamagne: "Orange Is The New Black And Justin Bieber Is The New N Word  ...
t Oculus Rift suspends sales to China because of "extreme reselling"
t Facebook to buy virtual reality goggles maker.
t Samsung Galaxy Note 3 is getting Android 4.4.2 update with Download Booster
e Stephen Colbert Devotes Entire Show To #CancelColbert Controversy
b Forex - Japanese yen weaker after BoJ holds policy steady
e SHOW BITS: The joy of winning
t The Navy's New Super Secure E-Readers Are Called NeRDs. Is Reading Nerdy?
e Marin Mazzie on Holding Her Own in Woody Allen's Bullets Over Broadway
b Google and Amazon launch same-day delivery in LA area
e Richard Linklater's 'Boyhood' a film 12 years in the making
t Huge Waves Measured For The First Time In Arctic Ocean
m Caps against cancer
e Maks Chmerkovskiy's Insists He'll Be Drama-Free on 'DWTS'
t Google Hangouts, Other Services Go Offline
e GALLERY: Erm, the pastor who married Kim Kardashian and Kanye West is  ...
b The Vatican's scandal-plagued bank's reforms and account closures have  ...
e Singer Chris Brown's Trial About Ready To Start
b Vodafone reports a mixed operational performance
e Here's Why Amy Adams Is The Classiest First Class Passenger
t Creation Museum Sets Up Allosaurus Exhibit, Says 'Ebenezer' Is 4300 Years Old  ...
e First Kiss: A story of 20 strangers kissing each other
m New Treatment for MS: Mice Walk Again After Therapy with Human Stem Cells
t NASA unveils best map ever of Neptune's Moon, Triton
e 'Sherlock' Returning for Christmas Special in 2015
b BNP Paribas Expected To Plead Guilty And Pay Nearly $9 Billion Fine: Report
t GM to announce Cadillac crossover headed to Spring Hill, TN
e SC business notebook: Retail sales rose in May
b Tesla Motors Inc. stock skid shows investors no longer want to pay outrageous  ...
b Final deadline arrives for health exchange sign-up
e Angelina Jolie on 'Maleficent' and Her Daughter's Debut
b As expected, Redskins will appeal trademark ruling
e Why Jessica Alba won't do nude scenes in flicks ever
e Rumours AC/DC to retire
t Why Facebook Is Building A Drone Army
b Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd's share price up, posts declining operating profit
b SunTrust to pay $1B for providing faulty loans
t Click It or Ticket runs through June 1
e Transsexual Model Ava Sabrina London Explains Encounter With Hank Baskett  ...
e Netflix to become real TV and get its own 'cable channel' next week
t Next-Generation Sales Update: PS4 at 7 million sold versus Xbox One at 5  ...
b EU inflation may force the ECB's hand to add stimulus
m Angry mob attacks Ebola centre in Guinea
t FCC chairman tells Time Warner to end Dodgers TV dispute
b NASDAQ Composite Index closes up 43.23 points for the week, rising for the 3rd  ...
t Apple, Google, Motorola: Allies for patent reform to penalize troll companies
b Facebook CEO gains $3.3 billion
t Snowden says US aids NZ spying
t Weekly gas report: Muskegon-area prices hover lower than anticipated following  ...
e Kim Kardashian and Kayne West are the new cover of Vogue Magazine
e Emma Stone & Andrew Garfield Bring The Glamour To The World Premiere Of  ...
t MT to notify 1.3 million people of health dept. hacking incident
e Breaking News: H&M Confirms Alexander Wang x H&M
e 5 Reasons People With Brains Shouldn't See
m Rates of malignant melanoma more than quadrouple in the past four decades  ...
e Film Review: 'X-Men: Days of Future Past'
b Hertz Will Spin Off Equipment Rental Unit to Focus on Cars
b Twitter stock down amid user growth concerns in 1Q
t More Details on Codename Threshold aka Windows 9 Emerge - Modern UI left  ...
t Samsung sticks more colorful screens in its new Galaxy Tab S
e Harris to spend nearly 3 years behind bars
e Nick Cannon Takes Step Back From "Soul Train," Recalls Crafting "Gigolo" With  ...
m AG Schneiderman Spearheads National Effort Calling on Major Pharmacies to  ...
b AstraZeneca's shares fall after rejecting final offer from Pfizer
e 5 Michael Jackson videos that stand the test of time
t Sony warns VAIO Fit 11A laptop owners of battery fire risk
m Jenny McCarthy Says 'I Am Not Anti-Vaccine'
m YOUR FAMILY IS PRIORITY NUMBER ONE; TAKING CARE OF YOUR HEALTH  ...
t Tesla Considering Opening A European Factory
m Cheesecake Factory's Gluttonous Meals Win "Awards"
b Gold down ahead of Fed's minutes; palladium near three-year high
e Jennifer Love Hewitt joining CBS' 'Criminal Minds' for its 10th season starting this  ...
e 'The Talk's Sara Gilbert marries musician Linda Perry
e Snooki Debuts Bump #2!
b Jets nearly collide on Barcelona runway
t Sony Project Morpheus virtual reality headset hands-on
t Phil Spencer named new head of Xbox division
e Transcendent Depp
e Silent rooms, tissues, counsellors help ease the emotional pain for visitors to 9  ...
t Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Super AMOLED Tablet Unveiled by Samsung
e Jessica Simpson - Jessica Simpson emotional before wedding
b Top 10 IPO Filed: Virtu Financial Inc.
e Transformers Tops Box Office With $100M Debut
t Google's Sundar Pichai on wearable tech: 'We're just scratching the surface'
t Facebook's controversial study: What you need to know
m Feds: home health company paying $150M settlement - WHLT 22 Connecting  ...
b Plane's pilots under scrutiny in mystery
m Does mobile phone use damage children's memory and attention?
t Jury leaves damages Samsung must pay Apple unchanged at $119.6 million
t Homeland Security warns Americans against using Internet Explorer due to  ...
e This Jimmy Fallon & Billy Joel Doo-Wop Duet From The Tonight Show Is Too  ...
t A Fool Looks Back
e Kim Kardashian Is Letting Kanye Do Something That Could Ruin Them
e Selena Gomez Rehab: Parents Want Singer to Seek Treatment Again for  ...
m 'Young' Blood Rejuvenates Aging Mice
t GM Speeds Up Ignition Repairs With Dealer Incentives
t IBM's Watson Goes From Jeopardy Player to Scientist Used by J&J
b US GDP growth revised up to 2.6% in Q4
e Sean Combs Reclaims 'Puff Daddy' Name
e SEGA Announces Sigourney Weaver & The Original Alien Cast Will Feature In  ...
t MacBook Pro 13in vs Surface Pro 3 review: Which is better?
t Facebook wants to know if you're a voter and your relationship status: Here's  ...
b Study: Corn ethanol is nature's enemy
b Bank of America suspends dividend increase
e 40 Artists To Know At SXSW 2014
b India Will Need Help Reaching the Southern Indian Ocean
e Jeff Herman, Miami Lawyer, Behind Bryan Singer Sex Abuse Lawsuit
e Exclusive: Nick Cannon Confirms He and Mariah Carey Are Living Apart
e Adam Levine Reveals He Did His Role in 'Begin Again' For Free
e 'Star Wars: Episode VII' cast officially announced
e Casey Kasem Dies: Legendary Radio DJ, American Top 40 Founder and Host  ...
b Google shares drop on worries over advertising income
b Credit Suisse Pleads Guilty In $2.6 Billion Settlement With Justice Department
m Investigational MAGE-A3 antigen-specific cancer immunotherapeutic does not  ...
e North West "Cried Not Once" During Kim Kardashian, Kanye West Pre-Wedding  ...
e 'Orange Is The New Black' Star Kate Mulgrew Has A Strange New Project In The  ...
t IBM-Apple deal to yield iOS business apps, cloud services
e Famous Birthdays Today, June 21: Prince William, Lana Del Rey, Rebecca  ...
m University of Colorado Hospital leads local health facilities in U.S. News & World  ...
e I thought it as beautiful site and just a place of prayer: Justin Bieber, seeks  ...
t NASA Is Still Working with Russia after Sanctions
t Tibetans Inherit Super-Athlete Gene from Denisovans
e Lady Antebellum to Debut New Single During 'American Idol' Finale
b Shell hikes interim dividend despite reduction in CCS profits
b After Alibaba's IPO, Yahoo Japan Rethinks Its $3.2BN eAccess Acquisition
e 5 Diagon Alley-inspired ideas for your office space
e The Girl Meets World Teaser Is Corny, Awful And Oddly Perfect
b Why Whiting Petroleum (WLL) Stock Is Jumping This Morning
b OECD cuts global growth forecast for 2014
t Android One specs and features: Google brings cheaper smartphones
e Beyoncé and Jay Z mock Justin Bieber: "Even the greatest can fall"
e One Actress, Many Amazing Performances: Orphan Black Returns
b Shire shares jump as sources say Allergan eyes new bid
e Katherine Heigl Sues Drugstore Over a Tweet
e OMG! Kim Kardashian goes back to her blonde days (see pics)
e Zara Apologizes for Selling Toddler Shirt With Holocaust Star
e Netflix is coming to cable: TiVo DVRs to stream programming
e 'Mad Men' season 7 spoilers: What to expect for the premiere
t Microsoft's Surface Pro 3 Isn't For Everybody
b Don't panic: Follow these tips, and Tax Day won't be painful
t 1.9 million Graco car seats recalled
t AOL probing email breach that let hackers gain access to user data
b Virus kills millions of baby pigs
m FDA OKs Lilly's blockbuster hopeful ramucirumab for stomach cancer
b U.S. trade deficit narrows, but not enough to help GDP
e Man dragged away after bizarre dive under actress at Cannes
t DNR project offers tips on safe boating
e EXCLUSIVE! Khloe Kardashian's Beau French Montana Showered Her With  ...
t Google bans porn, sexually explicit content on ad network
e 'Game of Thrones' Purple Wedding: We Run Down The Suspects
m Smoking among US teenagers on decline
b Japanese electronics maker Sharp Corporation returns to full-year profit
t Facebook Now Offers to Find Your Nearby Friends and Share Your Location
t Apple takes aim at the enterprise, now joined at the hip with IBM
e Easter candies Americans love
e HBO Series Coming to Amazon Prime
m (Menafn - GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX)
b Houston Ship Channel Reopening to All Traffic
m US aid workers contract Ebola
m Centenarians: Study Reveals What They Die of, and Where
b Maersk shares dive as China blocks EU pact
e Jason Momoa Describes Aquaman in Batman V Superman Dawn of Justice
t NEW YORK (AP) — EBay's
b 'Data was deleted' from pilot's simulator...
e Peaches Geldof's Funeral Held at Same Church as Mother Who OD'd
t Microsoft snooped Hotmail account to catch ex-employee charged with stealing
b Crude futures drop on U.S. supply concerns
b Citizens Bank, TD Mortgage Interest Rates Improve Mar 21
e Jupiter Ascending's New Trailer Paints a Gorgeous Sci-Fi Adventure
m Animal lover gets dying wish at zoo
m Top Losers: BlackBerry (NASDAQ:BBRY), MannKind Corporation (NASDAQ  ...
t Galaxy S4 Mini, Note 3 Neo, Mega, and 2 Duos set for Android 4.4.2
e Seth Rogen and Zac Efron's R-rated comedy 'Neighbours' unseats Spider-Man  ...
b Pandora To Increase Monthly Subscription Fees Starting In May
b Fed slashes forecast for US growth
m Spinal implant may release some patients from 'lifelong sentence of paralysis  ...
t Climate change adaptation is not enough – Generation Zero
b Ireland Retail Sales Decline In February
t Facebook in new 'EXPERIMENT' drama: A sticky Buy button
m Hummus, other dips sold at Target and Trader Joe's recalled for listeria risk
e Movies only part of story at TFF Tribeca Festival opens doors to new audiences
t You Can Get Samsung Galaxy S5 For Approx. Rs. 41500 Via Citi Credit Card
t HP to invest over $1-billion in open-source cloud computing
t Experts laud Samsung Galaxy S5's anti-theft features
b Deutsche Bank enlists Qatar in $11bn capital hike
m The Relay For Life of Indian River is finishing the fight
b McDonald's Profit Falls as Sales Slip
b Iowa Unemployment Rate at 4.4 Percent in February
e Free Cone Day 2014: Ben & Jerry's version of customer appreciation
b Microsoft Reports Q3 FY14 Net Revenues of $5.66 Billion
b Montezemolo, there is no alternative to Etihad
b Iraq unrest pushes up oil price
e These Are The Best Parts Of '22 Jump Street'
t UN climate goal feasible but energy reform vital: panel
b Some S'poreans going ahead with Vietnam travel plans
e Henry Cavill suits up for 'Batman v Superman'
e 'Guardians of the Galaxy' is an awesome mix of action, laughs and good times
b Investment firm values Snapchat at £6 billion
e Billboard Music Awards 2014 Live Blog: Artists & Experts Weigh In on the Show
t No, Andrew Sullivan, Calling Out Bigotry is Not 'Intolerance'
t OkCupid protests new Firefox CEO
b Investors flee tech stocks again, pummeling Nasdaq - Quincy Herald-Whig  ...
e Kickstarter, Google & Jean Claude Van Damme win big at Webby Awards
m Here Are The Surprising Countries Where People Live The Longest
b US STOCKS-Futures point to flat open after GDP data, Citi falls
e Epilogue: By the hammer of Thor
e Chris Pratt stars in new photo from 'Jurassic World'
b FAA Deems Boeing 787 Safe
e Willow Smith Poses in Bed With Shirtless 'Hannah Montana' Star Moises Arias
e Jon Favreau's 'Chef' has all the ingredients for a hit
t How to solve Google's Rubik's Cube doodle (+video)
b China's economy grew 7.4% in first quarter, government data show
e 'Maleficent' Final Trailer Reintroduces the Classic Fairytale
t Microsoft: The Surface Pro 3 tablet will replace your laptop
b New objects seen, but still no evidence of missing 777
e New Movies Mar. 28-30: Can 'Divergent' Hold Back 'Noah'?
m Speaking different languages sharpens brain
e 'Game Of Thrones' Author George R.R. Martin Regrets The Controversial Rape  ...
e Katy Perry accused in plagiarism suit of ruining Christian group's reputation
b Gold drops on lingering US rate-hike fears
t Tree Rings Solve World Trade Center Ship Mystery
e 'The Bachelorette' Finale: Andi Dorfman Chooses Josh Murray Over Nick Viall
e Ann B. Davis, Alice on 'Brady Bunch,' dead at 88
b Oil spills into Lake Michigan in the US from BP refinery
t China state media calls for 'severe punishment' for Google, Apple, US tech firms
m Google X begins Baseline Study to find illness as early as possible
t Apple announces 20M Apple TVs sold since debut
b Obamacare Deadline Extended For Applicants Until April 15
e Bryan Singerâ€™s Accuser Says He Was â€œPiece Of Meatâ€ , As FBI Denies  ...
m Sorry Jenny McCarthy, there is no 'gray area' on vaccines
m Second Surge Of Ebola Strikes West Africa
e Sister barred from Scott's LA funeral
t Alfa Romeo Star Of The Essen 'Techno Classica 2014'
b Closing Update: Stocks Work to Erase Early Declines, Stop Just Short of  ...
e New Jersey Boy Scouts Rescue NBC journalist Ann Curry
b Cupcake chain shutdown shows dangers of focusing on single product
e 'The Killing' Season 4 Trailer: 'No One's Gotta Know What We Did' (Video)
m Thousands Of Pounds Of Beef Recalled Due To Mad Cow Concerns
b Candy Crush maker valued at over US$7bn; raises $500 mn in IPO
b Pandora is about to get a lot more expensive – even for current subscribers
t Samsung S5 To Outsell iPhone 5s: Analyst
e 'Seinfeld' 25th anniversary: The 10 best episodes
t The Daily Show Skewers Sarah Slocum and Other "Glassholes"
t Space station's Robonaut awaits delivery of legs
e Attorney: Bryan Singer Accuser Will File More Hollywood Sex Abuse Suits  ...
e Kirstie Alley rejoins Jenny Craig, wants to lose 30 pounds
e Least Of Eden: Justin Bieber thinks he's James Dean now, strikes a familiar pose
t Skylanders: Trap Team First Look Preview – Gotta Catch 'em All!
t Climate change doubters speak out after release of White House report
e The Yankee Doodle Dynamo Fights Again in Captain America: The Winter Soldier
t Aliens Definitely Exist, Could Be Discovered In 20 Years: SETI Scientists
e Halle Berry Admits to David Letterman That She Believes in Aliens!
b China plane searching for jet spots 3 objects
e Shailene Woodley Talks Role In 'The Fault In Our Stars'
b Highlights: Yellen's Q&A testimony to House panel
m Whooping Cough Declared Epidemic
b Legislation proposes $195 million state payment to help Detroit emerge from  ...
b Financial giant JPMorgan Chase confirms plans to invest $100M in loans, grants  ...
e Netflix Is Doing a Jane Fonda/Lily Tomlin Sitcom by the Co-Creator of Friends
t UltraFlix Wants to Be Your 4K Ultra HD Content Provider with 200+ Titles
e 25 hidden secrets in "Weird Al's" "Word Crimes" video
t Ebay Database Breach 'Wake Up Call'
b Deadline day for health care enrollment arrives
e 2 killed in I-81 pileup during whiteout in W.Va.
e 'This Is Not a Barbie Doll. This Is an Actual Human Being.'
t 'Oculus Rift' vs 'Sony Morpheus': Facebook To Battle Gaming Console Leader At  ...
e 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' Poised to Break 'Avatar' Record at Chinese Box  ...
b Disney Beats Forecasts on Record Earnings Per Share
e Who Is Winning the Game of Thrones?
b Latest On Leaked WWE SummerSlam 2014 Poster, Extreme Rules PPV Buys  ...
t SpaceX says it will put humans on Mars by 2026, almost 10 years ahead of NASA
b Whiting Buys Kodiak – A Big Energy Deal With Potential to Spare (KOG, WLL)
b BIS: Central banks warned of 'false sense of security'
b Chinese millionaire's flashy stunt to feed NYC homeless ends in chaos
b Moscow Court Rules to Slam Door of McDonald's Next to Kremlin Over  ...
t Neil deGrasse Tyson: Science is true “whether or not you believe in it”
t Apple's Next EarPods Could Be The Ultimate Wearable Device
e 'The Walking Dead' season 5: Andrew Lincoln, Lauren Cohan look ahead in video
e Apatow, Rogen slam critic who blamed shooting on Hollywood culture
e 'KUWTK' Lamar Odom, Khloe Kardashian Divorce: Parties After Pregnant Matt  ...
t Bigfoot Hair Samples May Prove Mythological Creature Didn't Exist
b FedEx charged over illegal pharmacies
t Gas-obsessed spiders force major car company to recall over 50000 vechicles
m New Coal Dust Regulations Draw Criticism From Mining Groups
m Attention, America: The UK Has Our Sperm
e Kendall Jenner Wants To Be Taken Seriously As A Model
e Kimye give the paps the slip
b Gold prices down on solid US jobs data
t GM CEO Barra expects to testify on recall, apologizes for loss of life from small  ...
e Kris 'feels out of the wedding loop'
t AT&T Among First To Bring Samsung Galaxy Tab® S With 4G LTE To The US
b Ireland-based drug maker Shire rejects 'unsolicited' $46 billion offer from US  ...
e Beyonce and Jay Z Skip Kimye Wedding, Hang in the Hamptons Instead  ...
e Jay Z expands Made in America festival: And is he touring with Beyonce?
e What 'Game of Thrones' Spoiler Are Book-Readers Upset About After Last Night?
b College Basketball
t Green technology may help combat air pollution
t Does Heartbleed show it is time to 'corporatise' open source?
t OkCupid protests new Firefox CEO
b GoPro files for $US100 million IPO
b China's BOC in $8.8bn Boeing order
e Lindsay Lohan Sex List: Fashion Photographer Terry Richardson Talks About  ...
t Robots will help Americans to work less: Google co-founders
b India Replaces Japan As World's 3rd Largest Economy
e Can you see him? Picasso painting reveals hidden man
e Andrew Stern Was Struggling With Depression and Katie Cleary's Rumored  ...
b AbbVie Seals $54B Shire Takeover In Major Inversion Deal
b Where were the fighter jets?
e 'American Idol' Recap: Sam Woolf's 'Hey There Delilah' Melts Hearts
b Voters like Obamacare as long as it's not called Obamacare
t Attorney General weighs in on Apple eBook price-fixing
t Police sting protects Britons' bank accounts from Russian hackers - for two weeks
e REVIEW: 'Guardians' among year's most entertaining
m Form of spreading cancer found in 3200-year-old skeleton in Sudan
e Christine McVie rejoins Fleetwood Mac, N. America tour set
t Newfound pink world, VP, lurks at solar system fringes
b Seattle & Portland among most walkable cities
t AT&T Inc. (T) is bringing Gigabit broadband to 21 new metro areas
b Yahoo Earnings: Will Revenue Growth Woes Continue?
t IoT Group Defines Comms Spec
m Teens these days: smoking less, but engaging in other risky behaviors
m Massachusetts Patient Advocacy Alliance organizing rally at Statehouse for  ...
b Consumers' optimism slips in March
b Twitter Signs $230 Million Mobile Advertising Deal With Omnicom
b Russia demands pre-payment for gas from Ukraine
t Karren Brady
e Rest in Darkness: Gordon Willis, a cinematographer who defined an era of  ...
t China targets Microsoft with anti-monopoly investigation
t Intel says 130 new Intel-based Android and Windows tablets coming this year
e Surrogate Drama Surfaces in Reported Sherri Shepherd, Lamar Sally Split
e The new wheels Ben Affleck will be driving in the next Batman/Superman movie  ...
m Expert: MERS cases in US likely to rise, SC prepared
e First The Movie Industry, Now The Music Industry Are Suing Megaupload's Kim  ...
m Routine pelvic exams for healthy women provide no benefit, physician group says
t When Steve Jobs and Apple started taking patents seriously
t Heartbleed may decrease internet speeds
t Google Keen on Halting Android Defragmentation
m Mice With MS-Like Condition Walk Again
b Short-Term Debt ETFs Weakening Ahead of Rising Rate Expectations
e Movie Review: “22 Jump Street” (Rated R)
b Owner of Bushnell and Lake City Army Ammunition Plant plans merger  ...
e Kendall Jenner Now Admits She BANNED Kim Kardashian From Her Modeling  ...
e Sequel lacks that Muppetational spirit
t Microsoft announces biggest layoff in its history, 18000 out
t Will Dr. Dre really be hip hop's first billionaire?
b Can Conservative Media's Obamacare Enrollment Trutherism Finally Be Put To  ...
e Selena Gomez Makes Complicated Lingerie Look Way Too Easy In Her Sexy  ...
e Today's big releases: Bhoothnath Returns, Rio 2
e Jimmy Fallon and Chris Christie dig up some dad dances on 'Tonight'
t Nasa to launch global warming satellite after initial bid failed
e How to be as hot as Megan Fox
e Tracy Morgan Accident Update: 30 Rock Comedian Showing 'Signs Of  ...
e Chicago Musician Frankie Knuckles Passes Away
t Review: Windows smartphone boasts some nifty features, but apps lack lingers
e The Voice RECAP 3/10/14: Season 6 Episode 5 “The Blind Auditions Continue  ...
t Surface Pro 3 vs Nexus 10: Intended purpose
e Miley Cyrus Boyfriend & 'Bangerz' Tour Update: Checkout Singer's New Tattoo  ...
m Nonsurgical heart valve fix gets major study support
b Euro inflation stays weak at 0.5pc in June
m HIV Vaccine Awareness Day 2014: Update From NIAID
m Most 'Xtreme' meal: Red Robin's 3540 calorie 'monster'
e Paltrow's mum 'really upset' by split
t GM Recalls An Additional 8.2M Vehicles Over Ignition Switch Issues
e Music industry turns up volume on Kim Dotcom with new copyright lawsuit
b Affordable Care Act enrollment deadline Monday
e Marriage Counseling for Bey and Jay-Z?
e 'X-Men Days of Future Past' Movie Review
e AC/DC to split: report
m HHS Awards $54.6 Million in Affordable Care Act Mental Health Services Funding
e Filming Begins on New "Star Wars" Movie
t Press image of the Moto E leaks out ahead of its launch
b End of the road for Dodge Grand Caravan
e Amazon's HBO Deal Snares Classic Shows
t Microsoft Office Released for iPad
e Flick picks: 'Dragon 2' and '22 Jump Street' both great Father's Day gifts
b Comment: Coal karma: Ship it today, breathe it tomorrow
t Edward Snowden at SXSW: "I Took an Oath to Support the Constitution"
t Websites Fixing Heartbleed Bug, VPNs Still Vulnerable
e Jackson taught Beyonce to sing with soul
b Businesses fear ripple effects from 'cosmetic' Russian sanctions
e Rolling Stones resume tour two months after L'Wren Scott's death
m New study sheds more light on when — and where — autism develops in the brain
e Conan: Colbert 'right person' for 'Late Show' gig
t Samsung SM-G750 Pops Up, Could Be Galaxy S5 Neo
b Lithium to announce $200M acquisition of Klout
e Gwen Stefani signs on as coach of "The Voice"
b Adecco rallies as European shares advance
t 'Scary & absurd Chicken from Hell' roamed US millions of years ago
e `Divergent' lacks distinctive vibe (review)
t iPhone 6 Rumors, What We Know So Far
t Google Removes Search Results in Wake of EU Privacy Case
b Fed's 'Highly Dovish' Statement Gives Stocks a Lift
b Barclays enlists outside help in dark pools probe
b Climate warning from a new corner
t LG Electronics begins sale of Ultra HD OLED displays
e 'Tammy' lacks originality
m Transplanting Gene into Hearts Yields Biological Pacemakers
t Tim Cook isn't acting like Steve Jobs, but he may be what Apple needs
e Daniel Radcliffe cuts stranger's hair on Jimmy Kimmel
b Oil remains unchanged amid poor US economic data
e 'Noah' messes with beliefs, but it's OK if you have open mind
e Mick Jagger and ex-wife Jerry Hall spend Father's Day with their children in Vienna
m President Barack Obama is looking to create the largest marine preserve in the  ...
e Mickey Rooney's Sad Last Days: Forced To Sell Autographs After Being Fleeced  ...
e Nicole 'Snooki' Polizzi: How This Pregnancy Is Different
m 113 more MERS cases identified in Saudi Arabia
e Mila's message to expectant dads
t The FCC, Net Neutrality and You
t NSA Automates Cyber Crime Techniques For Mass Hacking
t Snag delays arrival of crew at space station - KWWL - Eastern Iowa Breaking  ...
e Game of Thrones season 4. Who will die today? Tyrion Lannister cannot die!
b VIDEO: Pfizer Boss Enters Lion's Den Of UK Politics To Sell AstraZeneca Deal
t Business briefs (July 31)
e Dolly Parton brings taste of country to Glastonbury
t VIDEO: Facebook Allows Users To Buy Things Right Off Newsfeed
e Game of Thrones (GOT) Season 5 Airdate and Spoilers: Things to Expect, Story  ...
e People in the news
e Harry Potter Spinoff Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them to Be a Trilogy
b UPDATE 5-US allows condensate oil exports, after light refining
t Galaxy Tab S: Samsung to launch its new flaghip tablet in India today
e WATCH: Angelina Jolie, Elle Fanning Talk 'Maleficent' in New Featurette
t Facebook ads to become more relevant, say why they're being shown
m Older moms live longer
b Microsoft Finally Brings Office To The iPad
e Life after 'Dead' is very good, indeed, for Michael Rooker
b Allergan, Valeant among big pharma companies in acquisition talks
b Is the US recovery getting better or worse? Likely both
e Brian Williams Raps 'Gin and Juice'
e Spelling: I need to tell my side of the story
t Is Google About to Dump Google Glass?
m EU allocates extra funding to fight Ebola outbreak
t At WWDC, Continuity Across Devices is the Theme
b Allergan Inc looks for white knight in Sanofi, Johnson & Johnson after Valeant's  ...
e No television wedding for Kim Kardashian and Kanye West
m Bump beats a shake in disease battle
e Justin Bieber avoids phone theft charge
t Net Neutrality Update: Wheeler Reportedly Shifting Gears
b Might is right
e I Can't Stop Looking at Rihanna's See-Through Crystal Dream Gown
b Euro-dollar flat as Yellen reiterates cautious Fed view
e 'Game of Thrones' season 4 is Jon Snow's biggest, talkiest yet
t US FCC looking into slow Internet download speeds
b To Reassure Time Warner Employees, Bewkes Takes to the Small Screen
t Samsung Galaxy S5 price dips below Rs 35000
e Good Friday means death, but Easter is about new beginnings
t Heller Seeks Answers about General Motors Recall
e Paul Walker Death: 'Fast & Furious 7' Actor Will Be Honored With A Tribute  ...
b Movie, TV content to be future focus: ChinaVision chairman
b Uber protests snarl traffic in Paris, Madrid
b Dollar rises ahead of ECB meet, US jobs data
b SunPower Installing 10.2 MW Of New Solar For Verizon This Year
m READER SUBMITTED: Evergreen Health Care Center Receives Five Star Rating
t Volume of encrypted email rises amid spying fears
m American Ebola patients coming to United States
m New York City Uses Yelp To Track Food Poisoning Outbreaks
b American Eagle Outfitters profits, revenue down
m U.S. Alzheimer's Rate is Dropping
e 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' Review: Michael Bay Restarts His Wackiest  ...
e Supreme Court to hear dispute about TV over internet
t Google's YouTube may be about to finalise deal to buy Twitch for $1 billion
t Google: millions of Chromecasts sold, international launch soon
t Clear Skies in Forecast for Tuesday Morning's Blood Moon Appearance
t BlackBerry Brings Stickers, Group Photo-Sharing and More with BBM 2.1
t Asteroid to black out bright naked-eye star late Wednesday night
e Movie Roundup: Spider-Man 2 Brings in $92M, Scores Second Best...
b Medtronic Said Near $45 Billion-plus Deal for Covidien
b California sees Obamacare surge as open enrollment ends for 2014
e Theo James' month of stunts
e Billy Joel takes over Jimmy Fallon's 'The Tonight Show,' and it's amazing [VIDEO]
b Janet Yellen Addresses Joint Economic Committee of Congress: Live Blog Recap
t Hearbleed bug continues haunt cyber space
t TV-Network Stocks Are Loving The Aereo Ruling
b Sprint close to agreeing on terms to buy T-Mobile - report
t Yahoo takes a hit before Alibaba IPO
t Here's An Interview With The CEO Who Missed Out On The $3.2 Apple-Beats  ...
m Simple blood test may predict risk of suicide
m Device Saves Lives in Heart Failure Patients
e Jonathan Cheban Not Bringing A Date To Kim Kardashian's Wedding
e Miley Cyrus reveals she had to 'run out in her undies' as she misses her 'quick  ...
b Walgreen Posts Drop In Q2 Profit, Plans To Close 76 Stores
m Tests clear OFW of killer virus
t No: Regulating cyberspace is rotten deal
e Fifty Shades of Grey trailer most viewed of 2014
t Notch A "pouty kid" For Cancelling Minecraft VR According To Cliff Bleszinski
e Attenborough's passion for Chelsea
t Google Glass hands-on review: UK Explorer edition
e Billboard Music Awards 2014: Where to live stream red-carpet pre-show
m State Moves to Ban E-Cigarettes in Public (Following NYC's Lead)
e Vin Diesel is the Muzzy of our generation
t AOL: We got spoofed/breached so change your password/security info
t Netflix opposes Comcast-Time Warner Cable deal, Comcast boldly fires back
m Breakthrough Acid Stem Cell Study Author Haruko Obokata 'Guilty of Misconduct'
e Kim Kardashian Wedding Dress Photo & Ceremony Details With Kanye West
m Swiss air service requests Schumacher probe
e Live from SXSW 2014, it's The Oregonian
m Senators Durbin, Waxman, Harkin, Rockefeller & Members of Congress: Report  ...
e The Bachelorette's Andi: Boyz II Men Performance Was the "Date of a Lifetime"
e First Presbyterian Church sets Easter schedule
t VIDEO: SpaceX Cargo Launch Is 'Good To Go' Despite Space Station Glitch
e 'The Voice' top eight result show
m Ebola discoverer says he would sit next to victim on train
b Disney 2Q earnings beat forecasts
e Harry Potter spin-off Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them could turn into  ...
t Tesla CEO Elon Musk frees up patents to expand EV market
t The Six Juiciest Documents From the Apple-Samsung Trial This Week
t Watch a Russian Rocket Launch a US Astronaut to International Space Station
e US record labels now suing Dotcom
e Ruby Dee's Contributions To Black Cinema Are Extraordinary
t Facebook Researcher Responds To Backlash Against 'Creepy' Mood  ...
b How Procter & Gamble Found Itself in Everyone's Cupboard
e 'World News' Handoff Begins
t Hyundai Will Recall 883000 Sonatas For Transmission Issues
m Mayo Clinic tops provider ranking
e Peaches Geldof will be laid to rest on Easter Monday
e The Men of <i>Veronica Mars</i> on Why You Should be Excited for the Movie
e 'X-Men' Director Bryan Singer Accused of Sexually Assaulting Teen in 1999
e Exclusive: Clooney responds to 'Daily Mail' report
e Study: "Jesus Wife" Papyrus Fragment Likely Authentic
t Government agencies expect online services to resume soon
t Tablets: Apple Resilient Despite Drop, Lenovo Progresses, Says Canalys
t Samsung Files Suite of Patents for Next Generation of Android Wear
e Marching with pride under Israeli banner
m Deadly germs can live in aircraft cabins for a week
m Company approves experimental drug to be given to ill child
e Duchess of Cambridge: Daily Mail follows Bild in racing to the bottom
b ISM may show another strong performance in June
e Vinyl gets its groove back: Record Store Day celebrates the return of indie disc  ...
b New Designs, New Experience: Abercrombie Making Changes to Stores
t Ex-Firefox CEO Demonized, Yet Not All Gays Are Celebrating
m Over a lifetime, childhood obesity costs $19000 per child
b Pfizer US research jobs at risk by UK merger promises
m Many Ivy League Students Take Study Drugs And Don't Consider It Cheating
m Teams quarantine victims in Guinea Ebola outbreak
b Navy to test electromagnetic railgun aboard joint high speed vessel
e Goonies Sequel: Bad Idea Or New Generation Hit?
e 'Mad Men' Recap: Man vs. Machine
b UPDATE 1-Target 'respectfully' asks customers to keep their guns out of stores
e From adults to children, the heat can wreak havoc on your body, here's what  ...
b Google eyes overseas shopping spree
e Box Office Matinees: Biggest Ticket Sales Of Summer As …
e Justin Bieber involved in new racism scandal
e Upping the ante! Prince to release not one, but two new albums simultaneously  ...
e Amazon plays a great hand with HBO but game isn't over
t Canadian teen tries to exploit Heartbleed vulnerability, arrested
m Oscar Pistorius: 'no mental disorder' at time of girlfriend's death
t Twitter Resumes TweetDeck Service After Security Flaw
b Pilgrim's Pride Bids for Hillshire
t Google Glass, Not Yet on Shelves, Already Sold Online in China
m New Study Shows One-Third of Vegetative Patients May Be Conscious
e Chelsea Handler and Dozens of A-List Stars Sing Farewell on Chelsea Lately  ...
b Pilgrim's Letter to Hillshire: Deal 'Offers Superior Value and Far Greater Certainty'
m House Bill Seeks to Grant Public Schools Healthy Lunch Waivers
m Illinois House OKs cannabis for minors with seizures
e Lea Michele's Twitter account HACKED! Nope, she ain't pregnant!
e 'Hedwig and the Angry Inch' review: Neil Patrick Harris triumphs
t This Video Might Be What's Holding Up The Apple-Beats Deal
b CURRENCIES: Dollar Up Against Yen, Down Vs. Pound, Euro
m Colorado Girl Banned From School After Shaving Head to Support Friend With  ...
e Prince George Pictured Walking First Time, With Kate Middleton's Help
e Michael Jackson hologram debuts at Billboard Awards
b Alstom proposals not good enough, France tells GE and Siemens
b EUR/USD: Almost Unchanged on Mixed Eurozone Data
t Google Debuts Its First Autonomous Car: Is This The Future Of (Non) Driving?
e How The Christians Stole Easter
b 10 Things You Need To Know This Morning
b Debate over study that says corn biofuels worse than gasoline in the short-term
t Google lets you travel back in time with new clock tool for Street View
b Walmart sows cheaper organic 'Wild Oats' in stores
t Microsoft to shut down the Xbox Entertainment Studios
b Morning Market Movers
e Paltrow to tour with Coldplay?
b Amazon paying e-book settlement cash back to Kindle users
m Kissing chickens leads to Salmonella outbreak
e Katherine Heigl sues Duane Reed over Twitter pic
m Humans can detect 1 trillion smells: study
b Unemployment apps fall nationally
e Macklemore denies dressing like Jewish stereotype
b With help from Teamsters, LA Uber drivers try to organize
b Corn Seen Higher, Soybeans Lower Wednesday
e Avengers: Age of Ultron Scarlet Witch and Quicksilver concept art arrives
e Email to a friend
t Just how tough will the iPhone 6's sapphire crystal screen be? Watch this to find  ...
t It's official: Nokia to become Microsoft Mobile April 25 - What happens next?
e 'Star Wars: Episode VII' Adds 2 Cast Members
t MediaTek unveils the MT6795, a 64-bit True Octa-core SoC
b AAA: Americans Ready to Travel After Rough Winter
e Gwar Frontman Died From Heroin Overdose
e Zack Snyder Reveals (Some of) the New Batmobile
b Going to the Beach? Report Shows Many US Beaches Fail Swimmer Standards
e French Montana Due In Court For Driving Charges, Possibly Confirms Khloe  ...
e Outkast reunite on Coachella stage
b Pfizer's History in UK Offers Hope for AstraZeneca Jobs
e Captain America leaps into the modern world in 'The Winter Soldier'
m Women face increased Alzheimer's risk after 60
e Celebrities preview who'll get 'slimed' at Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards
e Placentia teacher, first lady tout music education
b Tokyo stocks close up 0.62%
b Senators grill Social Security official over office closings
e Airline passenger attempts suicide during flight
e Diane Sawyer Stepping Down from ABC's World News
b Tobacco giants Reynolds American, Lorillard in merger talks
b Twitter CEO: Snapchat at $10 billion 'not absurd'
b Is this George Soros and Carl Icahn-backed firm running a "pyramid scheme"?
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West May Be Planning Private Marriage This Week
t If you hate the word 'selfie' look away now, the Sony Xperia C3 is not the phone  ...
t Montana Skies: Two Types of Planets
m Polio's spread is global emergency, World Health Organization says
b Alibaba and JD.com are battling for a huge emerging market: poorer, inland China
e Watch Every Zac Efron Shirtless Movie Moment
e Disneyland rate increase has many saying good-bye to the 'Happiest Place on  ...
e Artists paying tribute online to soul legend Bobby Womack
b GoPro up 30% in market debut
e Grace Episcopal Church announces Holy Week services
e House-builder
e Watch Lindsay Lohan Destroy a Car on 'Billy on the Street'
b Shire outlines plans to double sales by 2020
t Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Android 4.4.2 KitKat Update: How to Install and Keep  ...
e Robin Williams Has Checked Into A Minnesota Rehab Clinic To Seek Treatment
b More objects spotted in plane search
e Venice film festival opens with 'Birdman' world premiere
t Samsung's graphene breakthrough could finally put the wonder material into  ...
t Free speech and civil behavior
e Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin set for Netflix comedy series
m Dad Gary Hill quits heavy smoking habit after birth of daughter
t Facebook Manipulated Users "News Feeds" to Test Theory, Backlash Begins
m Experimental drug shows promising results treating advanced breast cancer
e 'Seinfeld's' Wayne Knight Latest Victim of Celeb Death Hoax
e Macaulay Culkin's pizza-themed band pelted with beer
t 3 things to do to protect from Heartbleed
t Bigger iPhone release date, rumours & images: 5.5in iPhone Air rumours explored
b Cutting Back Mail Delivery Approved by House Committee
e Georgina Haig - Georgina Haig To Play Frozen's Queen Elsa In Once Upon A Time
m Hummus Sold at Target, Trader Joe's Recalled
t Samsung Galaxy S4 Value Edition With Android 4.4 KitKat Silently Launched
t A Big Big Ad: Apple Taps the Pixies to Sell iPhones
b Microsoft share price: Company shows strength in Q3 as cloud picks up
t Flappy Bird is coming back, “but not soon”
e Shailene Woodley Supports All It Takes at 'Divergent' Screening
t iOS 8 Beta 1 Available Now, No Dev Account Needed
b Russia's president visits China
b UPDATE 2-Deutsche Bank opens door to new capital increase
e Julia Roberts talks HBO's 'The Normal Heart'
b IMF upgrades Canada's economic forecast
e Pretty Little Liars Cast Strip Down & Heat Things Up In GQ Magazine (PHOTOS)
t Mark Zuckerberg says the future of Facebook is mobile
e Beyonce beats Oprah, Lady Gaga, tops Forbes list of world's powerful celebs
b Bulgaria still keen on South Stream, Russian FM Lavrov told
e Kim Kardashian's Weddings Cost $30 Million
m Middle aged drinkers 'risk memory loss in later life'
t Mars mission scientist Colin Pillinger dies, aged 70
t FTC Notifies Facebook, WhatsApp of Privacy Obligations
b Fourth of July travelers will pay more for gas
t Mustang Celebrates 50 Years!
e Stranded traveler lip-sings 'All By Myself' in Las Vegas airport
t A Heartbleed "how to"
b Twitter Disappoints With Slowing Growth
t Tesla shares could dip after its earnings report this week
t Local Savings Bank Officials, BBB Warn Internet Users About 'Heartbleed'
e Emmys 2014: See The Stars Getting Glammed Up For The Big Night
t HTC One (M8) smartphone: Where can I get one?
t T-Mobile sees a merger as inevitable and "not a question of if, it is question of  ...
t Sony PlayStation Network back online
e 'The Bachelor' star Juan Pablo Galavis gives his final rose to Nikki Ferrell -- but  ...
b Futures Pointing To Lower Open On Wall Street
t Google to build prototype car controlled by computers, not driver, without  ...
e James Franco explains his nearly naked Instagram selfie
t Dong Gone: Lacklustre Galaxy S5 reception sees Samsung head of design  ...
t AOL users told to change their passwords
t Google acquires Beats Music service rival Songza
t Ford to lower mpg ratings on six vehicles, compensate 200000 owners
t Blasting off towards the stars in Today in Photos
e Post-mortem in unexplained Geldof death
e 'Jeopardy!' champ defeated after 12-day winning streak
b Federal reserve chair stresses inflation, employment in first policy speech
e Daily Dish: 5/12/2014
t Google cameras could guard your home soon
b Income inequality hits retirement confidence
t Project Morpheus and Oculus Rift title to be revealed at E3
e Here are some Record Store Day exclusives
b Target names PepsiCo's Brian Cornell as chairman, CEO
e 2000 real looking apes created for Dawn Of The Planet Of The Apes
b Higher interest rates talk spooks stocks
b Are we on the verge of another tech bubble?
e Prince's New Deal to Bring Back Classic 'Purple Rain'
b Can German IFO Wake EUR/USD From Its Slumber?
e True Detective: Season 2 Is Moving West and Will Feature More Than Two Leads
t Motorola Moto G with 'universal LTE” now being listed on Amazon
t Motorola to debut 6.3in Android phablet in Q3?
e Bria Kelly vs Madilyn Paige – I'll Stand By You – The Voice Battle Rounds
e Mark Wahlberg - Mark Wahlberg Was 'Absolutely Miserable' On The Gambler Diet
e Rogen's comedy draws laughs at SXSW
e Supreme Court
t Review: iPhone 5C vs iPhone 4S vs iPhone 5S – Design, Prices, Battery Life  ...
b FTC pushes for more transparency in consumer data collection
b Jobs report energizes US economy
t Apple reminds us it's the software that really matters
e Emma Stone's Gorgeous Peach Cheeks For 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2′
t Ford Motor Co. share price down, cuts fuel economy ratings for six models
t Marquez lighthearted on last corner wobble
t New Facebook button for election voters
e Kristen Bell Admits to Using a Body Double
b Wall St. slides on concerns about Iraq
t July 8, 2014, 9:45 am
e After The Rapture, Who Are 'The Leftovers'?
b US auto sales surprise in June
b Accendo Market Round-Up
e Game of Thrones showrunners promise "best finale we've ever done"
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's Friends and Family React to Vogue Cover
e Review Round-Up for the Week Ending April 18 ...
t Security flaw puts all Internet Explorer users at risk, exposes Windows XP
e Terrorist Keira Knightley Says 'Love Actually' Is The Best Movie Ever While  ...
t Microsoft acquisition of Nokia Devices and Services to complete 25 April
e Andrew Garfield, Charlize Theron & Andy Samberg Named Final Hosts of SNL  ...
t Cadillac Goes The Informative Route For New ELR Ad: Video
b Analysts: ECB may do more stimulus as German business confidence falls
b Office for iPad marks end of the platform wars
e 'Game Of Thrones' On Xbox: Free Streaming Of Season Four Premiere Available
b In official assault on fossil energy, tactics vary by fuel
b Ukraine misses Russian gas payment deadline, Gazprom reduces supply
t 'Indian cities have dirtiest air'
t T-Mobile jumps into music streaming with 'unRadio' plan that has unlimited song  ...
e Inside Gwyneth Paltrow And Chris Martin's Multi-Million Dollar Divorce
m Electric dreams: Scientists find a way to 'control' plotlines of dreams
e Mike Tyson Says Jamie Foxx Will Play Him in New Biopic
e Taylor Swift Continues Holiday Weekend Celebrations with Emma Stone  ...
t The big picture: Aereo held to violate public performance right
t LG G3 Press Render Surfaces With Verizon Branding
b Ackman wins a round as FTC starts Herbalife probe - WNCN: News, Weather for  ...
e TV Blog Buzz: Can 'Game of Thrones' top last week's huge shocker?
m Young blood revives brains, muscles of old mice
e Louis Walsh slams 'banana republic'over Garthgate
e Mila Kunis covers Marie Claire, talks pregnancy changes and Ashton Kutcher
b Chinese banks lend less in April, says central bank
t Android Wear is Google's Operating System for Smartwatches
b Wall Street lower on earnings
e After the Entire Ordeal She Went Through With Lamar Odom, Khloe Kardashian  ...
t Earth's twin where life can exist found
t Dinosaurs found to be neither warm-blooded nor cold-blooded
m E. coli detected in Portland, Ore. water supply
b European elections 2014: Marine Le Pen's National Front victory in France is  ...
b Unemployment Rate Dips in Texas, Lubbock For March 2014
e Actor gives vital performance in James Brown biopic
b Credit Suisse guilty on US felony charge, fined $2.6bn
e Attention everyone! Someone just hacked my twitter account: Wilmer Valderrama
t Dropbox announces Carousel photo app
b WWE shares slammed as TV deal fails to impress investors
b Krispy Kreme shares drop in after-hours session
m Brisk Walking May Improve Symptoms of Parkinson's
e ALBUM STREAM: The Black Keys – 'Turn Blue'
b ECB Ready to Adjust Policy Further
t Hackers can easily thwart Samsung Galaxy S5's fingerprint scanner
b Airbus, Safran team up to compete with SpaceX
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Pre-orders on T-Mobile Begin March 24, $0 Down With 24  ...
e Coldplay - "Magic" [Music Video]
t Could Ireland be the one-stop shop for Europe's new online privacy laws?
e Every Reality Show Is A True Story, And Other 'Bachelor' Lessons
m Ebola-plagued doctor gives only dose of 'cure' to colleague
b Tesla Betting on Winning Lithium Race
m Pop Music Implicated In Teenage Drinking
e Young Money, Beyoncé, Pharrell Williams and August Alsina Win Big at The  ...
m iPads, iPhones Causing iAllergies
e Jones: I was a 'paid hypocrite' on 'Men'
b Home Depot profit rises but misses expectations
t Aereo loss protects $4 billion in fees for broadcasters
t Google, Inc. (GOOG) Debuts New 'Fashionable' Frames for Glass
m Experts suggest the usage of Wikipedia with caution
e Back to Broadway for Jackman after hosting Tony's
e Kimye's 'Irish honeymoon'
e Fashion hits and misses at the 2014 MTV Video Music Awards
e Mixed response in Croke Park area to Garth Brooks news
b Siemens, MHI unveil offer for Alstom assets
e 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' trailer: Justice will be restored!
e TV Review: 'True Tori'
e Andrew Garfield On Amazing Spider-Man 2 Ending
t UK investigating Facebook over psychological experiment on users
b Argentina Alleges Extortion After Court Sides With Vulture Funds
b Why Jim Cramer and Stephanie Link Sold Whole Foods Market (WFM) Stock
t Why Google Bought Songza
m HHS and CMS announce new members of the management team ahead of  ...
m Sound expert testies in Pistorius trial
e Vinyl or vinyls? On eve of Record Store Day, collectors can't seem to agree
m 'Smoking ban good for child health'
t 6 cool things your next Snapdragon 805 phone or tablet could do
t Superspeed your YouTube videos
t United Arab Emirates plans to create space agency
b Toyota remains world's biggest carmaker
b EU car registrations up, crisis not over
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye's wedding list
t Mixed Ruling Could Hurt Apple in Its Battle With Samsung -- Update
t AT&T takes the fibre fight to Google
e Mila Kunis Reveals (Almost) Everything You Want To Know About Baby Kutcher
e Kim Kardashian discovers racism because of her baby North
b Chrysler cancels Dodge Grand Caravan minivan as part of brand 'purification'
e Demi Lovato falls out with Selena Gomez?
b Over One Million Cases of Cottage Cheese Being Recalled by Kraft
m Columbus Offering Free HIV Testing Through Saturday
m Michigan medical marijuana patients, families speak out in support of dispensary  ...
m Girl, 9, dies from brain-eating amoeba after swim in lake
t Fed Cyber Sleuths Stop 'Gamover Zeus' and 'Cryptolocker' Crime Sprees
b Lithium buys social media influence tool Klout for $200M
b Mario Draghi's pillow talk keeps the euro below $1.40
e Selena Gomez Rushes For Justin Bieber Hook-Up As Vandalism Charges Filed
e Daily Inspiration: Palms and Stones
e Kiss star Paul Stanley, irked by long wait to get into Hall of Fame, says band won  ...
e Justin Timberlake Among Top Earning Musicians
b Alcoa buys British jet engine parts maker
e The Walking Dead 4.16 Review: “A”
m Study backs nonsurgical way to fix heart valves
e Big Bang Theory cast will likely make contract deal, says CBS boss
b Sector Update: Technology Shares Mixed Into Closing Bell; Hewlett Packard  ...
e 'The View' officially loses Jenny McCarthy; Whoopi Goldberg sole remaining  ...
b Credit Suisse in talks to pay $1.6 bn to resolve US tax probe
t XCOM: Enemy Unknown from 2K Games has finally invaded Android devices
e Broken mirror: Horror tale 'Oculus' shows cracks
m US drug regulator approves headband device to prevent migraines
t Tesla Model S long wheelbase arriving later this year - report
e 'Glee' Season 6 Original 22-Episode Run May Be Cut Down After Fox Moved it  ...
e NYT Publisher: Jill Abramson Deserved To Be Fired 'For Reasons Having  ...
b Dow tops 17000 after strong
e 'Snow White' marries 'Prince Charming' — for real!
m We're genetically linked to our friends: Study
b British inflation slows again to 1.5%
b Target Misses Estimates as It Works to Recover From Data Breach
b Dollar Boosted By Upbeat Jobs Data and Other Top Forex News.
e 8 Ways Gwyneth Paltrow's Divorce Will Be Superior To Yours
m See-through Mice Map Nervous System, Cancer Spread
t On fourth try, SpaceX capsule en route to space station
t Wyoming Gas Price Update
e Live replica of Vincent van Gogh's ear on display at German museum
m Malaysia vows stern action on NZ assault suspect
t More for Less: OneDrive Increases Free Space, Decreases Prices Dramatically
m E-Cigarettes ARE Effective At Helping Smokers Quit
e 'How I Met Your Mother' finale: Here's hoping the ending is funny
b US economy picks up in all regions: Fed survey
b Microsoft's Push Into Cloud Pays Off
e Halle Berry on role as pregnant astronaut in new series "Extant"
b Mario Draghi still thinks words are the best monetary policy
e Dueling Dresses: Khloe Kardashian vs. Kris Jenner
b US inflation stays low in March as petrol costs fall
e Shepherd, McCarthy leaving 'The View'
b Office for iPad: Microsoft's Nadella assures Windows 8 users that their day will  ...
t HTC unveils latest high-end flagship device, the One M8, amid dwindling market  ...
b General Motors recalls 971000 more small cars for possible faulty ignition switches
b Valeant Lifts Cash Offer For Allergan By 21%
e Beyonce and Jay Z Both Cheated, Will Announce Divorce Soon, Says Source
t Apple buying Beats for $3 billion
m Ebola death toll rises in Guinea
b CEO Jeff Bezos gives update on Amazon drone and grocery programs
e Maleficent review – Angelina Jolie adds vinegar to salty Sleeping Beauty spin-off
t New type of dust in Martian atmosphere discovered
b At last, a break for Bill Ackman on his Herbalife bet
e 'Veronica Mars' receives world premiere at SXSW
b Higher core Eurozone inflation may allow ECB to "wait and see"
b Argentina says will pay bondholders, denies in default
m Best Ways to Prevent Your Allergies on Vacation
t First Earth-sized planet found in habitable zone
e Video: Protective mother bear saves tiny cub from busy road new The black bear  ...
e Kurt Cobain and Courtney Love's daughter, Frances Bean, condemns Lana Del  ...
t SoftBank President Masayoshi Son
b General Motors to invest $450 million in two Michigan plants: Report
e Gervais: I'm a failed pop star
m Got Sick? Restaurant or Catering Worker Likely to Blame, says CDC
e Paul Mazursky: Film-makers on film
t Hyundai admits overstating mileage for 2015 Sonata in publicity material
e Kim Kardashian Cheated On Kanye West With Chris Brown?
b Dollar stable in Asia
e Charlie Sheen feuds with Rihanna on Twitter
b Stock Market Breadth Continues to Wane and Warn
e Who is Stephen Colbert?
b Congressional Budget Office predicts US economy will grow by just 1.5 per cent  ...
e Watch three minutes of Marvel's Agents of SHIELD Season 1 finale
t Samsung Galaxy S5 LTE-A is Better than Galaxy S5 Flagship, LTE-A is Galaxy  ...
e Who is Matthew Hicks? Meet FOX's Prince Harry lookalike
b Pilot error, confusion led to Asiana crash in SF, NTSB says
b 2 Chinese dead in Vietnam riots: police chief
t Windows 8.1 update woes? A fix is on the way
m Study examines patient preferences for emergency treatment of stroke
m Man Sues Hospital, Doc: Appendix Left In After Appendectomy
e It Happened: Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Got a Vogue Cover
e Avril Lavigne Celebrates Her Anniversary With Huge 17-Carat Diamond Ring
e All sound, no fury in 'Neighbors'
b Great Lakes Beaches -- Working Together, We Can Make Them Safer and Cleaner
t Apple explains falling iPad sales
t Google Courts App Marketers With New AdWords Features For Search, Display  ...
b Bair And Reserves For All
b Freddie, Fannie bill facing key test
t LG G3 vs HTC One M8: Dimensions Compared
e Jennifer Lopez, Keith Urban, Harry Connick Jr and Ryan Seacrest ALL confirm  ...
e Upcoming 'Charlie Brown' movie releases first teaser trailer
t Facebook Slingshot tipped to reignite Snapchat war
t Chevrolet bringing tiny Trax to US and China as demand for compact SUVs  ...
e Walter Dean Myers, author of Monster, dies aged 76
e Hollywood studios sue Megaupload
e Michael Jackson's 'Holographic' Performance At The 2014 Billboard Music  ...
e 'American Idol Season 14' Judges Announced: Will Jennifer Lopez, Keith Urban  ...
e And the Billboard Music Award for Worst Reader Goes to… Kendall Jenner and  ...
e Channing Tatum calls himself a 'high-functioning' alcoholic
b US economy shrank 2.9% in Q1: govt
m Viral hits: Bear breaks into home, Slayer covered on ukulele, EMT personal  ...
b Gold recovers from 2-1/2 week low; traders still jittery
b Omnicom-Publicis Merger Is Kaput
e Jennifer Esposito takes aim at a mystery ex in explosive new memoir
b BOJ offers brighter view on growth, keeps policy steady
t Marquez sets new pole record in Austin
b 'Stuttering' eurozone keeps pressure on ECB to cut rates
m Pre-Diabetic at 16: I Stopped Caring About My Body
e PHOTOS: Game of Thrones – “The Lion and the Rose”
m Walsh, Congressional delegation urge disposal of unneeded meds
b Completely Redesigned 2015 Toyota Camry Revealed at 2014 New York Auto  ...
e 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' Studio Deletes Offensive 9/11 Tweet
t Nintendo reports annual loss as Wii U stalls
m New Study Reveals E-Cigarettes May Help Smokers Kick the Smoking Habit
m Hospitals Boost Patient Safety, But Still Have A Way To Go
b Oil falls on excess supply, weak demand
e Cyrus's new tattoo pays tribute to her late dog
t Masayoshi Son cranks up his battle for T-Mobile
e The Voice USA 2014 Spoilers: Sneak Peek – Playoffs Continue Tonight (VIDEO)
b Broad gains push S&P to new heights
b U.S. regulator urges law to force disclosures by data brokers
t Nintendo reports loss on shaky sales of Wii U
t HTC's marketing has gotten better, but it still needs work
b Levis Strauss to eliminate about 800 positions
t Jessica Glazer | NPR | May 27th, 2014, 1:35pm
m UN: Tax unhealthy food ASAP
e Lady Gaga Is Submissive, And More Of 'What's Trending Today' With Zahra
b WTI Crude Falls to 2-Week Low Before Supply Data; Brent Steady
e Movie Review: How to Train Your Dragon 2 never learns to tell a story
e Lindsay Lohan's Premiere Called “Boring”
t Motorola Mobility found guilty of breaching EU competition law, but escapes a fine
b Interest rate warning sends pound surging
b Hyundai teases Ford EcoSport rival - ix25 SUV
b Microsoft 3Q earnings beat Street expectations
e Tom Perrotta Brings 'The Leftovers' To HBO
e Yahoo original TV content
m Autism rate jumps to an estimated 1 in 68 children in US
e Andi Dorfman Admits She “Wasn't Sure” About Josh Until Morning of the  ...
m Low blood sugar tied to 'hangry' fights with spouse
t Transporting an Entire T. Rex
b Oil tanker now under control of Libyan government
m Free drug samples can change prescribing habits of US dermatologists
m Mosquitos Test Positive For West Nile Virus In San Jose; Fogging To Begin Early
m Report: One-third of world is fat
t Google takes consumers' wrists to next frontier with Android watch
b Oil prices continue to fall on eased worries over Iraq
e Jennifer Lawrence: 'Nobody can stay beloved forever'
b Futures Pointing To Early Weakness On Wall Street
e Kim-Kanye to marry in exclusive royal garden?
e Joffrey's No. 1 Victim Speaks
b Wall St ends lower as biotechs fall
b 21st Century Fox confirms rejected bid for Time Warner
m Lyme Disease always a summer threat
e For Mick, these are the worst of times
e Three arrested near Taylor Swift's RI beach house
t Xbox One Coming To China In September
t Heartbleed: Canada reports breach of taxpayer data
e Mad Men: "The Strategy"
t Here's why you'll be able to see a "blood moon" tonight
t Apple will live stream WWDC 2014 keynote featuring “exciting announcements”
e L'Wren Scott: 6 Things to Remember About the Fashion Designer
b But Darden CEO Clarence Otis has drawn a distinction between Red Lobster  ...
b Current Mortgage Interest Rates: Wells Fargo, Fixed, ARM and FHA Refinance  ...
b Jeep will hire up to 1000 for part-time work
t Critical infrastructure put on 'Heartbleed Bug' alert
t Google Inc (GOOGL) receives new anti-competition complaint in EU by Open  ...
e 'It's Just Heartbreak': Julia Roberts Breaks Silence About Late Sister's Suicide
m Eyewitness: Ebola outbreak fears
e Katy Perry Defends Lady Gaga, Stans For 'Venus'
m Overuse of brain scans for headaches persist, despite guidelines
e Entertainment news
e Paul McCartney hospitalized with virus infection, cancels Japan tour
e Coachella festival still going strong with 28 more arrests
b German business confidence improves - Ifo
b Square launches merchant cash advance program
e Game of Thrones By the Book: That Stark "Reunion" and Littlefinger in Danger?
t A Hacker Is Remotely Locking iPhones, iPads and Macs, Wants Ransom to  ...
m KSBY Investigates:Solutions to improving mental health care: Part 3
t FCC faces strong opposition to Internet throttling plan
e Autopsy confirms L'Wren Scott committed suicide
t The New HTC One: HTC's Flagship Phone Gets a Full Metal Jacket
e Frances Bean Cobain warns Lana Del Rey not to romanticise death
e Winners at the 2014 Primetime Emmy Awards
b ECB the highlight of a busy week ahead
t NASA to conduct long term space flight experiment on Twins
t Report: Amazon Smartphone Will Be AT&T Exclusive
b GM adding 971000 vehicles to ignition recall
e Sandberg and Chávez: Don't Call Girls Bossy
b Crude oil rises to near $107 US a barrel as Iraq fighting stokes supply concerns
m Agent: Pistorius planned travel with girlf
t Cliffy B brands Notch 'a pouty kid' for canning Minecraft for Oculus
m Ebola Outbreak: Looking for Hope in a Hot Zone
e Rolf Harris found GUILTY of indecent assaults
e 'True Blood' recap, 'Fire in the Hole'
e Tori Spelling's husband admits to cheating
e How I Met Your Mother: Series Finale Review
t Google releases major updates to Chrome and Google+ for Android
b Target taps outsider as CEO for needed shakeup - 7News Boston WHDH-TV
t Astronauts getting espresso maker specially designed for space outpost
e Ruby Dee, Actress and Civil Rights Activist, Remembered in Harlem
t Facebook Users Weigh In On Ethics Of Experiment
m E-cigarette TV ads attracting youngsters
m E-cigarettes need to be regulated
t Wearables on the rise
b Greek 10-year yields rise day after five-year sale
e Batman vs Superman becomes Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice
e Lindsay Lohan
e Iron Man 2's Scarlett Johansson and Director Jon Favreau Reunite for The  ...
t Commentary: Ruling opens door to censor history
t Google to sell limited number of Glass devices to public
t Dissent among scientists over key climate impact report
e Singer Ciara Welcomes Baby Boy
m US team reports progress toward Mers treatment
e Victoria Beckham On The Cover of 'British Vogue'–3 Peat!
b Curio new Hilton brand
b NGL Energy closes on latest acquisition, TransMontaigne
b Eric Holder Pledges to Prosecute Banks - Believe Him?
t AT&T's Cicconi: Netflix shouldn't complain about the peering deals it has agreed to
m Heart Cell In A Living Animal Reprogrammed To Cure Disease For First Time
b Construction spending falls 1.8 percent in June
b Iraqi Kurds Said to Resume Oil Shipments After US Court Injunction
e The Force Definitely Wasn't With Harrison Ford When He Was Crushed by a 'Star  ...
b Twitter, Amazon team up for in-app purchasing
e €50m Garth Brooks fiasco has hurt our reputation: Taoiseach
b Treasury Secretary Jack Lew Urges Halt to Tax Inversion M&A Abuse
b Draghi Ready to Cut Rates in June as Euro Hurts Outlook
e Help keep Calistoga clean
e New Saturday Service Begins This Weekend At Brainerd Baptist
b J.C. Penney Company, Inc. Skyrockets After Earnings, PT Increase
e Trace Adkins' wife files for divorce after 16 years of marriage
m Global Alzheimer Disease Patients Industry and Drugs Analysis
b Fed flags end
b LIVE: Chater Road cleared after mass protests and arrests end July 1 march
m Dementia Risk Can Be Increased If You're Overly Negative And Cynical
e Hello Kitty Is Not A Cat; She Is Just A Weird Looking British Girl
e Talking Points to Come from Monday Night's Show
e Chris Christie dances with Jimmy Fallon on 'The Tonight Show'
e Teavana Oprah Chai; Apples Get Paired
t Surface Pro 3: Tablet?
e Scout Willis Walks Down The Street Completely Topless To Protest Against  ...
e Star Wars “Feel The Force” Dining Package Announced
t Amazon Pounces On Twitch After Google Balks Due To Antitrust Concerns
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 rumoured specs include 2K display and 20MP camera
e Credit: Getty Images
e Piers Morgan signs off of CNN's 'Piers Morgan Live' with familiar gun control refrain
e Ali Faizal To Fly To Abu Dhabi To Join Fast & Furious Gang
e Lindsay Lohan Cast in 'Speed-the-Plow,' Now Officially Our Trolliest Play
b Ford Motor Company Charts A Path Forward
t Facebook may not have obtained "informed consent," scientific journal says
t OkCupid Is Browser-Blocking Firefox to Support Gay Rights
m California repeals law requiring food handlers to wear plastic gloves
t Google I/O 2014: All you need to know about Android TV and Android Auto
e Kim Kardashian sets the record straight about EVERY Kimye wedding rumour  ...
b US STOCKS-Tech, financials lead market lower; S&P negative for year
t Apple Inc. Surprises Investors and Analysts with $45.6B Revenue Due to Strong  ...
b UPDATE 2-Japan relaxes arms export regime to fortify defence
e WTF! Miley & Gaga Sharing Bodily Fluids
t NASA's Mars rover's odometer beats record for off-Earth distance travelled
t ZeniMax sues Oculus over stealing VR tech
e Jem and the Holograms Movie has Found Its Jem (and Her Holograms)
b Tesla (TSLA) Gets 15-Day Extension on New Jersey Sales Ban
b Where Will Barnes & Noble Go Post-Earnings?
b US stocks drop again
b Target Earnings Overshadowed by Top Management Firings
t UPDATE 1-'Disappointed' Amazon fights FTC over mobile in-app buys
t MediSafe expands into wearables during Google's I/O Developer Conference  ...
b New Target CEO to be first outsider to run the company
e Jenny McCarthy Donnie Wahlberg Wedding: Former 'View' Cohost Will Marry  ...
e Whitey Bulger's Santa Monica Apartment Up For Rent
b Main Street's Pain Continues – Economy Shrinks 2.9% in First Quarter
e 'Bachelorette: After The Final Rose': Nick Claims Andi Misled Him With Sex
t Stocks jump; eBay alerts users to switch passwords
b House prices increasingly strong - up 6.8% in January: ONS
m Polio is back
t Samsung Takes On Apple; Makes GALAXY Tab S Lighter Than iPad
e Jennifer Lawrence Talks Romance with Nicholas Hoult, Dealing with Backlash  ...
e 7 Mad Men ladies Don must sleep with during seventh and final season
e Tune In
e Colbert 'right' to helm Late Show
b New Home Sales Rebound in April
b US bacon prices rise
e Top 10 Choices to play Whitney Houston in the new Lifetime biopic
b CBS first-quarter earnings rise
b Despite analysts' caution, Men's Wearhouse stock surges after Jos. A. Bank deal  ...
t Apple's war on Samsung has Google in crossfire
e Raw: Orthodox Christians Observe Easter Rite
b Two objects bearing colors of missing Malaysia Airlines flight found floating in  ...
b Long Island unemployment rate drops to 4.5 percent
e Peep Parody of Everyone Poops Wins Marshmallow Contest
e Names+Faces: Eminem, Rihanna to perform Aug. 22 at Comerica Park
b Will GM sales take a hit after recalls?
e Kanye West cradles baby North in shots of Kim Kardashian's Vogue shoot
t 'Delhi air is not world's dirtiest'
t NSA denies Heartbleed knowledge and exploitation
t Microsoft's Skype “Star Trek” Language Translator Takes on Tower of Babel
m Family-Owned Company Expresses Relief Over Supreme Court's Ruling On  ...
b Tesla (TSLA), LinkedIn (LNKD) Beat Q2 Estimates on Bigger Sales - Analyst Blog
e Chris Evans Wants to Quit Acting and Direct Full Time
t World's “first wearable health record” arrives to Google Glass
e Valentine's Day 2015 Face Off: Fifty Shades of Grey and Old Fashioned
b U.S. economy grew in fourth quarter
e Jimmy Page Previews Led Zeppelin Bonus Tracks (A Top Story)
b Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Makes Key Additions to Model S
b IR head Arickx to lead GM comms on interim basis with Bingol out
t NHTSA recalls 1.9 million Graco infant car seats due to faulty harness buckles
e Did Christians really 'steal' Easter?
b Sales of new homes drop to 5-month low
b Business in 90 Seconds
b Energy boom stokes population growth
e The Best Tributes To Lord Richard Attenborough
e VIDEO: Shia LaBeouf — Mum About Cabaret Arrest
b China demands evidence of missing Malaysia Airways
e Beyonce & Jay-Z HBO Concert Special Details and Trailer Released (Recap)
b Senators propose 12-cent gas tax increase - WFSB 3 Connecticut
e Kim Kardashian's Topless Photo Is Not What You'd Expect To Find In A Wedding  ...
e RIP: Jimmy Scott, contralto jazz singer and performer on Twin Peaks
b 3 Social Security solutions to increased production
t Dr Dre could join Apple if Beats buy takes place, report says
e High school senior is shocked to discover that Olympic snow boarder and  ...
b Disney Ad Revs Slide At ABC TV, ESPN
m VIDEO: Humans Can Distinguish Over 1 Trillion Smells, Says Study
t Health Tracking Platform, Google Fit, May Be Unveiled At Google I/O 2014
e 'Lindsay' docu-series offers all access to Lohan
e Miley Cyrus gets new puppy
b Why Wells Fargo Has More Foreclosures than Bank of America and Citigroup  ...
e Kim Kardashian Warns Sister Khloe To Be 'Really Careful' With French Montana?
t Microsoft warns of Internet Explorer flaw that could give hackers 'complete control'
e Kanye West and Kim Kardashian spent their honeymoon Photoshopping  ...
e Rocksteady on Batman: Arkham Knight Delay: "Awesome Takes Time"
t Apple Thinks You Want An Even Larger 12.9-Inch iPad
t Tightly packed trio of black holes discovered
e When can I set off fireworks in Elkhart County?
m Possible clinical predictors of MERS identified
b US stocks open higher after rough week; Investors encouraged by retail sales  ...
b Gas prices sting, but won't stop Fourth travel
e Robin Thicke Hasn't Seen His Wife in Four Months
m Academy Adds Video Options for Dentists
e A Mrs. Doubtfire Sequel Is in the Works
e Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin announce marriage split after more than a  ...
e 'The Voice' Results Tonight 2014 VIDEO: Season 6 Battle Rounds, Who Was  ...
e 'Mad Men': Rearrangement Of A Rearrangement
b How Low Can GM Go If It Faces Criminal Charges?
e Nevermind: Jessica Chastain Won't Star in "True Detective" Season Two
e Game Of Thrones Recap 6/15/14: Season 4 Finale “The Children”
t Google reverses decision to delete UK paper links
b Calif. sees high health care enrollment before deadline; holds more than 100  ...
e 'Star Wars' Set 30 Years After 'Jedi' and More Major Revelations From Disney
t Microsoft to Lay Off 18000 Workers, Largest Cuts in History
t Pioneer Debuts Atmos-Enabled Elite Speakers, Receivers
m Australia ninth best place in the world to be a mum, report finds
b Fed in focus as investors seek eassurance
e The Hunger Games: Mockingjay — President Snow and Peeta Star in Ominous  ...
t Get over your spider fears in New York
t How to save $20 a month on your smartphone bill
e 'Ice Bucket Challenge' video leads to man's arrest
e Aereo Review: What Is It? Where Can I Get It?
t Sony's VR Project Morpheus headset makes its debut, and it looks amazing
e Shaun White attends Mount Saint Joseph Academy prom
m Saudi Arabia: MERS death toll passes 100 mark
b FAA proposes $12 million fine against Southwest over aircraft repairs
b Philadelphia commuter rail workers go on strike
b Sunday's Refinance and Mortgage Interest Rates at PHH Mortgage Jun 29, 2014
e Murphy's final 'chilling' movie performance to be screened in April
t 45 years ago, this day, Apollo 11 launched into history
b US STOCKS-S&P 500 briefly tops 2000 as biotechs, financials lead
e Miranda Lambert's Private Jet Makes Emergency Landing in West Virginia
e Performers Critical After Circus Accident
e Keith Richards to Publish Children's Picture Book
t Facebook under the microscope after study
t Amazon said to be readying a Smartphone for Holiday debut
m FDA Reverses Course On 'Spent Grains' Regulations
t FCC: All Stations Must Post Political Files Starting In July
t Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Mega 6.3: Clash Of The Titans
b What's the GOP's Excuse for Opposing Equal Pay This Time?
e 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' has the biggest opening of the year, making  ...
b Unstoppable $100 trillion bond market renders models useless
e Big News For 'Game Of Thrones' Fans!
t Mario Kart 8 a huge success, Nintendo is not
e Here's Outkast's full set from the first reunion performance
b Rana Plaza tragedy miracle survivor builds new life
e Outkast Reunite After 10 Year Hiatus at Coachella
t Samsung Galaxy S4 vs Apple iPhone 5S – Are they becoming obsolete?
e Box Office Report: 'Captain America' Three-peats with $26.6M
t Mozilla : No more Metro Firefox and Windows 8 Touch interface
e Star Wars Episode 7 leaked footage
e Bobby Womack's death means Heaven just got a lot more soul (Commentary)
e Broadway legend and Emmy winner Elaine Stritch dies, aged 89
b 10 dead in Moscow subway train derailment
b Predicting WWE Money in the Bank 2014
e Ryan Gosling proves a dud as a director at Cannes
b UPDATE 3-Volkswagen denies planning a bid for US Paccar
b Vatican Bank Gets New Management and Marching Orders From the Pope
m Chikungunya virus in Cuba confirmed in 6 travellers
e Chris Brown on trial in DC: Bodyguard set to defend singer
t Microsoft shuts down Xbox Entertainment Studios
b Here's the best reason to buy stocks: Corporate taxes are going to zero
e Bob Tamasy: Receiving Life – Through Death
t Same-Day Delivery Wars: Google Takes on Amazon
e Pink Floyd's First New Album in 20 Years
m Company Makes Drug Available To Ailing Boy Following Public Outcry
b Beef filet filling but cash is what they came for - KOAM TV 7
b GM recalls 3.2 million more cars for ignition switch problems
e 'Goonies' Sequel Rumored
m Lyme Disease Investigation: Buyer Beware Of Unvalidated Tests
t Xiaomi Tech to Speed Up Internationalization
b Oil Dispute Leads To Anti-China Violence in Vietnam
t Twitter celebrates 8th Birthday with #FirstTweet - See what Justin Bieber and  ...
b Report: Fannie, Freddie foreclosure inspectors did terrible job
e How one kid in a Batman costume conquered San Francisco
e Michael Jackson remembered by family, friends and fans five years after his death
t 4-Eyed Daddy Longleg fossil and polynymous arachnid evolution
b iSad: Google Beats Apple as the Most Valuable Brand in the World
t Apple files for sales ban against Samsung products
b China's State-Run Newspaper Backs 'Non-Peaceful' Steps Against Vietnam
m Health dept. confirms first case of chikungunya in Texas
b Sales of US Existing Homes Slip to 20-Month Low
m FDA panel says Cubist anti-infective shows efficacy, safety
t Google is now removing search results following EU 'right to be forgotten' ruling
m Resveratrol in red wine, chocolate not tied to better health
b Jet magazine, staple of black press, to end print product, switch to online-only  ...
b WTO deadline passes, but no change in India's stance
e Weather Channel Revamps Schedule to Get Back on DirecTV
t Apple introduces cheaper iMac
t Apple and Comcast Discussing Streaming TV For New Apple TV
e 'Game of Thrones': The deepest cut
e Rogue 10: Ten Weapons Only Arnold Schwarzenegger Could Wield So Well
e Beyonce and Jay Z Announce 2014 “On The Run” Tour Dates
t Net-A-Porter is first to sell Google Glass
e Amy Adams Gives Up First Class Seat to Soldier
e Touching Video Announcement by Snooki Confirms Sex of Her Second Baby  ...
b Making Sense of the Crash in Amazon Stock
t Amazon triples App Store with happy developers but still lags Play Store
m 6 things you should know about sunscreen
b Market Basket workers rally for Arthur T. Demoulas
e It's not about Gwyneth — it's the struggle of being a working mom
t Travelling through time on Google maps
t PSN back online as planned maintenance is postponed
m Polluted air killed 7 million in 2012: WHO
e As I Lay Dying frontman sentenced
b Deutsche Bank falls after unveiling capital raising
b Alcoa beats estimates, stabilizing aluminum prices continue to help results (AA)
m 2014-15 Philadelphia Flyers Schedule
t Nokia halts Lumia 2520 tablet sales due to charger shock hazard
e Kimye's Wedding Invitation Tells You To Be In Paris, You Can Figure Out The Rest
b Asian markets end mixed
e Game Of Thrones Recap—I Will Be Your Champion!
m Field study launched to document the spread of ticks, Lyme disease into the  ...
t Live video: GM CEO, federal safety administrator face Congress
b Exelon Buys Pepco for $6.83 Billion in Energy Deal
t Sony PS4 outsold Microsoft Xbox One in February
e Brittny Gastineau Steps Out Sporting A Black Eye After Domestic Dispute  ...
t ​Prepare your PC or tablet for Windows 8.1 Update 1
e Johnny Depp Facts: 33 Things You (Probably) Don't Know About the A-List Star
t Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA), showed negative performance
b USDA Latest Crop Update
b Churchtown couple say it could have been them after jetting out of Kuala Lumpur  ...
b Your Voice: Covered California
e Walking Dead Season 4 Finale Live Stream Free: Watch Episode 16 'A' Online  ...
b Hewlett-Packard Company (HPQ) Releases Q3 Earnings Guidance
b Gas down before the holiday
t Nintendo's Original Game Boy Turns 25
b Dov Charney intensifies effort to regain control of American Apparel
t Intel, Samsung among founders of new IoT consortium
m Health care insurance sign-ups may miss goal
b Harwood Feffer LLP Announces Investigation of Trulia, Inc.
e Perez Recommends
b Twitter's Stock Sinks Despite Revenue and User Growth
e Binoche at Cannes confronts questions of the aging actress
e WATCH: For this wedding party, it's wet feet instead of cold feet
m Report: Catawba County health rating 47th for second consecutive year
m Ebola patient to be transferred to Atlanta hospital
b More satellite images point to possible MH370 debris but still no finds
b Australia Says Search For Missing Plane Depends on Weather
b Hot Stocks News: Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB), Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA  ...
m Signs of improvement in US health costs, coverage
e Rare Superman comic book fetches record $3.2M
t Momentum-Stock Doubters Get Walloped As Facebook and Apple Reignite
e Celebrities who are gay
t Facebook acquires company behind Moves fitness app
e KATHLEEN PARKER: Why can't Rush take a joke?
e The US metal band topped the bill on the Pyramid Stage
e Hugh Jackman Wants Wolverine in The Avengers. Which Is Never Happening
e Yahoo to launch two original comedy shows online
t Samsung launches Galaxy Core 2 for Rs 11900 in India
e What Is Palm Sunday? 5 Fast Facts About Easter Holiday
m New ways to care for type 2 diabetes
e Justin Bieber Stands By Video Deposition Kiss-Off, 'We All Have A Right To  ...
e Salon Bemoans Spider-Man, Movie Superheroes Being 'Straight, White Men'
m Aspirin has daily benefits
t The New iPhone Software, iOS 8, Has A Bunch Of New Features For Business  ...
m County ranks as state's 10th-healthiest
e Dunham: I may not continue with acting
b ASIA MARKETS: Asian Shares Rise; Nikkei Rebound Continues
m Andre Reed is pulling hard for Jim Kelly to overcome cancer
b HP cuts 16000 jobs, up to 5 percent of its workforce
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Release Date Coming: Full Availability And Price Rundown
b Tokyo stocks close flat
e Garth Brooks at Croke Park: How to get your Ticketmaster refund new  ...
t Galaxy Tab S review: The Samsung tablet we've been waiting for may be too late
b Sprint agrees to pay about $40 per share to buy T-Mobile - source
e 'Mad Men' season opener recap: Don Draper isn't in such a golden state
t Samsung GALAXY Tab S to be launched in India on Tuesday
b Top 3 reasons why college students should sign-up for Obamacare now
b Mt Gox Customers Hack Karpales' Account to Post Evidence of Alleged Fraud
t Xbox LIVE Issues Make Titanfall A TitanFAIL
m CDC: MERS Virus Spread to Third Person in US
t Police issue emergency vehicle video
b Weekly jobless claims rise less than expected
b Stocks set for continued losses, Fed to the rescue?
t GM Issues Six New Recalls, 7.6 Million Vehicles Affected
b Senate Confirms Fischer, Jerome Powell, Lael Brainard For Fed
t Huawei Ascend P7 sports 8-megapixel front camera in slim body
b Services sector growth surges in June on Modi wave
b Republicans Demand EPA IG Stop Fracking Investigation
e Bryan Singer Pulls Out of 'X-Men' Promos, Calls Sex Abuse Allegations 'False  ...
m Blood protein rejuvenates brain and muscle in old mice
b GoPro (Nasdaq: GPRO) Stock: Long-Term Success Tied to These Key Factors
b QFINANCE: financial news roundup (April 11 – 17, 2014)
e Chris Brown -- Jailed For a Month ... He Can't Stay Out of Trouble
t Blood Moon seen in area
b Steady growth signs lift European stocks and bonds
t Moto 360 gets close-up in new video
b EFH board votes for Chapter 11
e Spoilers for 'The Bachelorette 2014': Andi and Josh sizzle, Nick maneuvers
e Academy Tweaks Rules on Oscar Procedures
e Miley Cyrus Sends Homeless Runaway To Accept Her 'Video of the Year' VMA
t PS4 Vs Xbox One: Kinect Removed Equals Xbox Won?
t More travelers predicted for the Independence Day holiday
t Comcast/TWC Merger - Cohen Defends Deal, Charter Challenges It
e Is Miley Cyrus a lesbian? She says...
e Survey suggests the real meaning of Easter is ... candy
t Falcon 9 Reusable Rocket's Maiden Flight Captured By Drone
b Europe close: Stocks gain after ECB, US jobs
t The IPCC's message is clear: it's the end of business as usual for fossil fuel users
b HBO Shows Are Coming to Amazon Prime
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West reportedly did not legally wed or obtain a  ...
b Feds sought to help end Philly rail strike
t Nokia to launch new 'selfie' and high-end phones
e Rolf Harris hid his dark side for years. He should be sentenced by today's laws
m Saudi Health Minister Says Working With WHO To Fight MERS
b MH370: 'I saw burning Flight MH370 trail smoke across the sky before it crashed  ...
e Full House will return to TV with revival starring original cast
t 'World's heaviest' dinosaur bones discovered in Argentina
t Google Extends Its 'Billion Dollar Arm' To Acquire Videogame-Streaming  ...
e 22 Jump Street the same as 21 Jump Street
t UPDATE 1-SpaceX cargo run to space station reset for Friday
t Beware of these 5 claims carmakers make
b Business News ECB mulls bolder steps as deflation fears loom
b Over 40 million Americans to take an Independence Day getaway
e Macklemore accused of anti-Semitism
b Box files to raise up to $250 million in IPO
m West African nations rush to contain an Ebola outbreak which has killed 62 in  ...
e Gone Girl Trailer Lands
e Mickey Rooney Burial Dispute Resolved
t CORRECTED-Iceland's Met Office lowers risk level for Bardarbunga volcano
m Pricey hepatitis C pill jumps into debate over drug costs
e Zac Efron attacked in downtown LA
e 'Captain America' Holds Off 'Rio 2' at the Box Office
t It's Genetic. Tibetans High-Altitude Life Explained
e Beyonce & Jay Z's Surprise: Played At Kimye Wedding Reception
t Xbox One Titanfall Bundle Price Drops to $474.99
t Graco gives in, agrees to recall 1.9 million infant car seats
e 'The Bachelorette' spoilers: The highs, lows of Andi Dorfman with Chris Soules
m Happily disgusted? It could show all over your face.
t Sillin/My Turn: Wrong on climate change
b Drones Coming to Disney World, but Don't Worry They're Fun Drones
t Big jump at pump - Iraq conflict could push up gas prices
b China blames U.S. for 'irresponsible remarks'
t NHTSA closes Tesla investigations: Reuters
e Neil Young Announces Launch of PonoMusic, Kickstarter Campaign
m Hospital-Acquired Infection Rate At 4% And Falling: What Dangers Still Linger?
t Not Many Ohio Valley Residents Superstitious About Friday the 13th
t Android 4.1.1 is likely the only major version vulnerable to Heartbleed, but here's  ...
e Mad Men Recap—30 Is The New 60!
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West Wedding Pictures Revealed
e 'The Bachelorette' spoilers: Andi Dorfman, Josh Murray, Brian Osbourne in France
e Selena Gomez Gets 'Love Yourself First' Tattooed On Her Back In Arabic
e I Had To Buy A $1200 Plane Ticket To Get Mariah Carey's New Album, And It's  ...
m Breakthrough in developing blood test for Alzheimer's disease
t Space rock Erigone to blot out one of the brightest stars this week
b China Spots New Debris as Search for Malaysia Airlines Plane Enters Third Week
t CNBC Host Accidentally "Outs" Apple CEO Tim Cook As Gay (VIDEO)
e Starbucks to sell new drink 'Oprah Chai' from April 29
e Twitter, Facebook driving couples to break relationships!
b US trademark board rules against Redskins name
e 'Noah' Star Russell Crowe Meets With Pope Francis Seeking Movie Endorsement
t Aereo decision winners and losers
b Murdoch sons get top roles at News Corp and 21st Century Fox
t Microsoft to introduce near-real-time translation to Skype
b Coldwater Creek retailer files bankruptcy, will close stores
b Mobileye Races Ahead In Debut
m What you need to know about Chikungunya
e Solange Knowles Covers Lucky Magazine, Adresses Jay Z Elevator Attack
e NBC Late Night Continues to Dominate Competition
e Source: BET suspends producer after Blue Ivy joke
e Mad Men finale review: 'Waterloo'
t GM recalls 7.6M more vehicles
t China Says its New Supersonic Sub Would Reach San Francisco in 100 Minutes
b U.S. lifts grounding order for Lockheed F-35 fighters: sources
b 30 Year Mortgage Rates at TD Bank, US Bankcorp Jun 28, 2014
t Montana DPHHS HIPAA breach affects 1.3 million patients
t NPD June Report: PS4 Outsells Xbox One Again, 106 Percent Year on Year  ...
b Bank of Japan on Hold But Too Early to be Complacent
b Ohio Senate Panel Approves Compromise on Tesla Direct Sales (2)
m Nickel in iPad Coating Can Cause Rash
e Actor Michael Jace charged with murder in shooting of wife
b NY US Attorney, SEC, investigate GM recalls
m CDC: Illinois man picked up MERS from Ind. case
t Did the NHTSA Also Drop the Ball in GM's Recent Major Recall?
t Ladies can now wear Google Glass and look good doing it
t Flickr updates its Android and iOS apps to kill Instagram
b June job hires surge
e New Season of "Community" Coming to Yahoo
b OECD says UK should do more to curb rising house prices
e Valerie Harper Says 'Cancer Free' Quote Was Taken Out of Context
e It's official! George Clooney's dad confirms 'engagement' news
t Axed Nokia X phones suffered from lack of identity
e Zac Efron: If You Need Help — Get It ASAP
b Urban Outfitters Faces Another Lawsuit For Collecting Customer ZIP Codes
m Durata shares jump following positive FDA AdComm meeting
b Barnes & Noble to split Nook, retail business
m Scientists pull stem cell claims
e Entire Wedding Party Takes The Plunge In Crosslake [VIDEO]
b Economists React: Second-Quarter GDP 'Confirms Expectations for Future  ...
b Can Family Dollar Handle the Heat?
m Ebola virus disease explained: Q&A
e Teaser trailer for Ryan Gosling's Lost River arrives: watch now
t Supreme Court rules 6-3 that Aereo's retransmission violates copyright law
m Tamiflu: Government 'must listen' to findings
b Challenge the Buyout: Ademi & O'Reilly, LLP Investigates Whether Fusion-io  ...
e My last Glastonbury will be 2020, says Michael Eavis
e Ya Got Trouble! NBC Will Air Live Broadcast of The Music Man
t Minecraft Creator Defends Decision to Cancel Oculus Rift Port
e Watch Mark Ruffalo tell TV host that Ben Affleck kept him from Jennifer Garner
b Check, please: Priceline buys OpenTable for $2.6B
b Lions Gate, Pandora Rally As Dow Soars 112 Points
t Nokia handset business may be renamed Microsoft Mobile
t Opposition grows to Comcast-Time Warner Cable deal
e Model dumped Brown after finding phone filled with texts from girls
b The euro was slightly higher yesterday in a relatively quiet session
e Johnny Depp 'confirms engagement'
m British scientific panel backs potential '3-parent' IVF babies
t Microsoft to announce job cuts this week: Report
t Sprint Earnings Preview: Subscriber Losses, Network Overhaul In Focus
e JK Rowling writes new Harry Potter story, a 1500 word tale with an adult Harry  ...
e Season 4 Premiere of GAME OF THRONES is the Most-Watched Debut in HBO  ...
e 'The Leftovers': TV review
e If Aereo wins at the supreme court and broadcasters pull TV off the air, so be it
e Ice Cube in hot water over Walker complaint
b Euro Declines As ECB Meeting Approaches
e Kurt Cobain Death Scene Photos Released
t Microsoft Corporation (MSFT): Xbox One to launch in China in September
m Greater Cincinnati businesses asked to help improve area health scores
t SpaceX's Dragon capsule successfully reaches International Space Station
e 'Mad Men' Season Seven Premiere Shocks With Low Rating
e Jena Irene sings 'So Small' on American Idol Top 6 Live Shows
t How To Beat the Heartbleed Bug
t Samsung Galaxy S Duos 2 vs Samsung Galaxy Grand Neo – Price and Specs  ...
b Yahoo takes hit after Alibaba IPO filing
m Add fish to your diet to reduce risk of stroke
t Tipster Leaks Screenshot Of Verizon Training On The Sony Xperia Z2
t Sprint Opens Pre-orders for Galaxy S5 and Gear Smartwatches
m Giving Birth in U.S. Increasingly Deadly For Mothers
e Lionsgate Sets Mortdecai, Starring Johnny Depp, for February 6, 2015
b FTC asks Congress to make data brokerage more transparent
b UK manufacturing growth slowest in a year
t Tesla Motors: Where Do They Go From Here?
e Rita Ora models two printed Roberto Cavalli creations in Cannes
b Sterling Surges After BOE's Carney Signals Rate Hike--Update
b Market Wrap-up for Jun. 18 – Explaining a Dovish vs. a Hawkish Fed
e Juan Pablo Galavis asks why 'After the Final Rose' blog not published
e Shailine delivers in 'Fault'
e Anne Hathaway, Brie Larson and Kristen Stewart dress as guys for Jenny Lewis  ...
t Local Astronaut Talks About His Time In The International Space Station
t Google Glass one-day sale is in full swing today, but only while supplies last
b Asia Markets recap: Tech turnaround for China
b Allergan Adopts One-Year Stockholder Rights Plan
m Deadly Disease Outbreak in Africa Causes Concern in Minnesota
e Chinese Writers Mourn Death of Nobel Laureate Gabriel Garcia Marquez
b IMF Downgrades 2014 US Economic Growth Estimate
b 'Credible lead' in search for plane
m Study: Bariatric surgery may help treat Type 2 diabetes
b Tuesday, March 11: Today in Gold and Silver
e 'Once Upon A Time' stars wed in real life
t Viva Mavericks: OS X Beta Seed program now live
e Get happy: Pharrell is heading to The Voice US 7:19AM
t Earth-size planet discovered in 'Goldilocks zone' far away
b Monetary policy is not a first line of defense says Yellen
b Mike Rogers: Putin Not Looking For a Way Out
b Libya reopens El Sharara oilfield after 4-month stir
e Toddler Forced To Pee In Airplane Seat: 3-Year-Old Girl Denied Bathroom  ...
e Critic's corner: What's on TV this weekend
b Apple Bonds Couldn't Stop Sales Slide as Issuers Watched Fed
b Amidst Reports Of New Funding, Airbnb Growth Accelerates In Europe
t Space Station Computer Fails, Space Walk Needed To Ready System For  ...
t SoftBank founder Masayoshi Son's new appeal for Sprint's merger with T-Mobile
m Food Inspectors Use Restaurant Review Websites To Spot Outbreaks Of Food  ...
t Apple boss teases new products: "To do things really well, it takes time"
e Dawn of the Planet of the Apes review: Andy Serkis rules
b Startup Valuation in the News
t BF4 and Need For Speed: Rivals for PS4 discounted for limited time on  ...
e Nirvana inducted into Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
t Apple slashes Mac Book Pro price in India by Rs 11000
b Comcast-TWC Merger Faces Another Congressional Panel
b Morgan Stanley: A rare fixed-income riser
b Company News Alert - Coke Increases Keurig Stake; US Growth Questions  ...
e Nick Carter marries longtime girlfriend
e Game of Thrones Season 4: Best Twitter Reactions to Shocking Finale 'The  ...
e Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick Hire Kim's Pastor for Relationship  ...
b TECH STOCKS: Apple, Oracle Rise As Tech Stocks Try For Gains
m US FDA approves Celgene drug for psoriatic arthritis
b Oracle Slumps After 3Q Earnings, Sales Miss
t What Do the New AdWords Changes Mean for Small Businesses?
t Banks Facing US$100million Bill For Windows XP
e Watch Pharrell's Fantasy Video for 'Marilyn Monroe'
e Dame Angelina Jolie to 'dedicate her working life to humanitarian work'
e Mad Men premiere recap: 'Time Zones'
e Chris Martin confirmed for The Voice USA role
t UNEA gives UNEP more powers to lead war on pollution, chemicals
t Nintendo Q1 results in a $467 million loss, Wii U mostly to blame
b Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 puzzle seen leading to out-of-court settlements
b US stocks move higher
e Lana Del Rey Wishes She Was Dead And Is Somehow Mad About It
e Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore's Blended is surprisingly tolerable
t Redesigned Chrysler Ram 1500 Pickup Truck Set For 2019
t Microsoft Windows XP Support Ends On April 8, But Atms Yet To Upgrade
t Google Glass Released to Public
e Will Smith to Play Concussion Doctor in Upcoming Movie About NFL Epidemic
e Jersey Shore's The Situation charged in tanning salon fight
e Kim and Kanye get married?
e 'Heaven is for Real' Film Adaptation Premieres
t WSJ: FCC Chairman has revised his approach to Net Neutrality rules
b Eurozone Manufacturing Recovery Slows In June
e TV Ratings Sunday: 'Big Brother' & 'Rising Star' Steady, 'Reckless' Up  ...
t Will Satya Nadella Be Microsoft's Steve Jobs?
e 'Neighbors' Moves Into Top Spot on Weekend Box Office
b Museum raises $80M toward Detroit bankruptcy deal
m Walmart recalls baby doll due to burn hazard
m Popular Music Inundated with References to Alcohol
b U.S. retail sales rise modestly; Nevada official upbeat about '14
b On Campus: International test of teenage financial literacy shows room for  ...
b Apple's Beats buyout: 5 things to know about the most expensive acquisition in  ...
e Mamma Mia! ABBA Celebrates 40 Years of Making People Dance
b ITIF Report: The Export-Import Bank is Vital to American Competitiveness
t Microsoft Surface mini event to be live streamed on May 20
e 50 Cent - 'Animal Ambition' [Music Video]
e Comedy Central Names Larry Wilmore as Stephen Colbert's Replacement
e Game of Thrones – The NBA Version 2.0
e How Did They Film Quicksilver's Amazing X-Men: Days Of Future Past Scene?
b Nearly All Major U.S. Banks Pass 'Stress Tests'
e Farley Mowat, acclaimed Canadian author, dead at 92
e It Was The Final Nail! Gwyneth Kissing Ex-Boyfriend Ended Her Marriage to  ...
e Captain America 3 next to hit the big screen
e Kim Kardashian Writes Blog on Racism & Discrimination
t Obama's past stance in conflict with net neutrality proposal
b Taiwan Q2 GDP growth hits 6-quarter high
t eBay recommends password change after cyber attack
b Oil price: Armed conflicts prop up Brent but ample supplies cap gains
b Automaker in News: Tesla Motors Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA), Ford Motor Company  ...
b Samsung tips worse-than-expected profit drop
t Rare 'honey moon' occurs for first time since 1919
e True Blood' Finale: TV's true death can't redeem HBO drama (SPOILERS)
t Apple: CEO Cook Calls 'Haunted' Book 'Nonsense'
t People Should Work Less, According to Larry Page (Google's Co-Founder)
t Mars rover's long-distance running hailed by Nasa
e IAR EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW: Rebecca Hall Talks 'Transcendence'
t Apple planning 12.9in iPad for release early next year
t Twitter Adds Photo Tag Feature, Tag up to 10 People per Tweet
e Scripps Networks delays TV show after host's Instagram remarks
m Being Underweight Is Riskier Than Being Overweight
t Spiders in the Gas Tanks of Mazda6 Sedans Leads to Recall, Again
e Back to the Desert: Hometown Edition
m Cynics more at risk of dementia – study
t New HTC One Smartphone Revealed
t 6/30 - CNN Business: GM Victims Compensation Plan
b Greece to return to bond markets in 1st half 2014 - Quincy Herald-Whig | Illinois  ...
e 'The Voice': 5 Soundbites From The Top 3
b Wall Street Opens Higher After GDP Data
e Six most memorable moments from the BET Awards
b UPDATE 2-JC Penney interfered with Macy's deal with Martha Stewart-judge
b Alibaba IPO: Open Sesame, Open Brand
m Even cancer looks at your status before striking: Study
b Taking Action in Honor of National Equal Pay Day
t Comcast pitches Time Warner deal to US as boost to innovation
t Gas price steady in Yakima area
e Kim Kardashian wows in another Lanvin outfit amid reports of who her wedding  ...
t Space policy was very poorly conceived
b How A Machinery Company Dodged $2.4 Billion In Taxes, Without Breaking The  ...
m Media Alert: Children's Mental Health Awareness Day, May 8
b IRS Will Tax Bitcoin, Says It's Not Currency
e Photographer Accusing Bieber and His Bodyguard of Assault Seeks to Increase  ...
b Indiana June 1 Winter Wheat Forecast
t Google Maps for Mobile Now Lets Cyclists Avoid the Hills
t Astronomers find first asteroid with rings
e 5 Seconds of Summer Tops U.S. Album Charts With Impressive Numbers
e 'Community' will return for sixth season on Yahoo!
e Watch: Jimmy Fallon, Gov. Christie demostrate 'dad dancing'
t DNA Analysis Debunks Bigfoot Myth, Points to Unknown Bear Species
e 'Half of a Yellow Sun' doesn't add up to a satisfying whole
e FIRST LOOK! Kim Kardashian, Kanye West wedding pix unveiled
t ALIEN INVASION averted: Gliese 581's planets DON'T EXIST
e 'Scandal' star Columbus Short charged with felony battery
t Google building self-driving car without steering wheel
e Woman Spends Over $30000 to Resemble Kim Kardashian
e 'Jem and the Holograms' Movie Announces Its Cast
e Neighbors Unseated Spider Man 2 in the Box Office
b Amazon invites you to go shopping via Twitter
b Can't be bothered to read Piketty? Here's a cheat's guide
t Google beats Facebook to acquisition of drone maker
e The River, Starring Tony Winner Hugh Jackman, Will Play Broadway in Fall 2014
e Warner Bros to refund unhappy Veronica Mars crowdfunders
t Lincoln Gas Prices are Down
e Home»News»Business»ABC has its second-best ratings week of the year  ...
b Applications for US jobless aid edge up to 304000 - WBOC-TV 16, Delmarvas  ...
e 'We are beyond pain' - Bob Geldof on Peaches Geldof's death
m Bullying Scars Last For 40 Years
b US stocks dip on mixed data, Iraq
t Large Disparity in Compensation Demanded by Each Side
b Europe Stocks Higher Ss ECB Stokes Stimulus Hopes
t AT&T, DirecTV merger could make it harder to cut the cord
t How to Watch the Spectacular New 'Camelopardalids' Meteor Shower Tomorrow  ...
b Adobe Systems Sees Large Volume Increase After Better-Than-Expected  ...
t NASA crashes moon-orbiting explorer as planned
m First Signs of West Nile Virus Found in Saginaw County Mosquitos
t The First Picture Of The LG G Watch
t Microsoft Faces a New Anti-Trust Probe, in China This Time
m The First Ever Migraine Headband Approved By The FDA
t Ship Found Under World Trade Center Site Is From 1770s Philadelphia
e Khloé Kardashian 30th Birthday: Reality Star 'Had Planned on Being in St  ...
e Five things to get excited about at Coachella
e NBC's 'The Voice' review: Cierra Mickens, Emily B., Sam Behymer, and more  ...
t Apple, Samsung Head Back to Court -- Again
t Titanfall ships with 792p rendering
m Scientists find protein that lets sperm and egg hook up
m Many People Would Rather Do The Wrong Thing Than Nothing
e Beyonce Posts Happy Family Picture After Dissing Jay Z In Concert
t Facebook gives Paper its first update
e MGM “Looks Forward To Vindicating” …
b Tesla Motors Inc. Loses in New Jersey But Remains Optimistic in Arizona
e Keith Richards picture book out this fall
t Lilbits (6-24-2014): Verizon cancels free data for Chromebook Pixel LTE users  ...
b Mt. Gox files for Chapter 15 bankruptcy in the US
e Frankie Knuckles, Godfather of House Music, Dies 'Unexpectedly' at 59
t Microsoft to slash 12500 of the jobs it's just bought in
e Girl Meets World — Your First Look
e Abominable Travesty Equates Jay Leno and Mark Twain
e Ethan Hawke - Ethan Hawke And Patricia Arquette Shocked By Movie Ageing
e Josh Murray and Andi Dorfman: Will it Last?
t Titanfall 'Expedition' DLC will offer three new maps in May
m Measles virus cures woman's cancer
b Roads will be busy this Memorial Day weekend
b Bank of America Profit Slides
b It Looks Like The Fed Has No Idea What's About To Happen
e WATCH: Mick Jagger Adds Humor To Monty Python Pre-Show Press Conference
e Adam 'Ad-Rock' Horovitz of the Beastie Boys testifies at NYC trial
e American Idol 2014 Top 10 Performances [VIDEOS]
e Check out Mila Kunis and Channing Tatum in the new 'Jupiter Ascending' trailer  ...
b Shanghai shares gain 0.96% on urbanization plan
e Paul Walker's mother petitions for guardianship of his teenage daughter
b Thursday's most followed in U.S. including Exxon Mobil, Kraft Foods, Family  ...
t 5 things to know about Fabien Cousteau's undersea mission
t Google I/O 2014: Samsung Gear Live Specs Revealed, Will Be Available for  ...
t Netflix slams Comcast deal as 'arbitrary tax'
e Lindsay Lohan Misses Her AA Meeting, Blames Paparazzi On Premiere Of OWN  ...
t Apple CarPlay adds nine new carmakers including Audi and Jeep to roster  ...
e Megan Fox WOWS With A Dark Tan & Killer Legs At Mexico City's Teenage  ...
b NY Post: American Apparel lender demands $10M loan repayment (APP)
b Billionaire Obama adviser: Punish companies that ignore climate change
b Cameron defends hands-off stance on Pfizer deal
b S.Korean shares little changed before Samsung guidance, won eases
e Jonah Hill apologizes for homophobic slur aimed at obtuse photog
m Durbin to discuss e-cigarette probe today
e Tandy Wilson Named Finalist for James Beard Award
t Porsche Tops JD Power's Initial Quality Study For Second Consecutive Year  ...
m Brain study suggests autism originates in the womb
t AP News in Brief at 5:58 pm EDT
e Barbara Walters Reflects On Over 50 Years in Journalism
t Study Examines Air Pollution Levels
b We Can Find Consensus on Health Care Cost Reforms
b U.S. Unemployment Rate Falls, Colorado's Still Lower
e Margie's Money Saver: Free Ice Cream to support Crisis Nursery
b After New Jersey Defeat, What Now for Tesla?
b Toyota Plans To Launch 15 New Models In China By End-2017
m Sarepta Therapeutic Rating Increased to Outperform at JMP Securities (SRPT)
b Snapchat funding talks with Alibaba could value company at $10bn
m Trimel to Present at the 2014 Bloom Burton & Co. Healthcare Investor Conference
t Things to remember about Google and the right to be forgotten
t The Art of Titanfall review
t 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Launching as Soon as September, Report Says
t BlackBerry comes down hard on Typo keyboard, banning it for iPhone
e 'SNL' spoofs elevator brawl (Video)
e Remember Michael Jackson With These Jaw-Dropping Isolated Vocal Tracks
b Shultz and Nunn: The West has leverage over Putin
b Morning Movers: Smith & Wesson Plunges After Firing Blanks; Seadrill Drops
t Hands-on with the LG G3: Simplicity is key
b China water contamination affects 2.4m after oil leak
b Men's Wearhouse buys Jos. A. Bank Clothers for $1.8 billion
t International Court of Justice orders end to Japan's annual whale hunt
m Pet death toll from Chinese jerky treats climbs to 1000
t Watch Dogs review journal #2: how to be an ass online
b Wal-Mart Will Start Accepting Video Game Trade-Ins
e Gary Oldman Tells Jimmy Kimmel: 'I Am an A—Hole, I Should Know Better'
e 'Noah' finally debuts in theaters after lots of controversy. How accurate is it?
e ABC Picks Up 'Selfie', 'Forever', …
b Australia: Satellite clues to jet mystery elusive
b Stock Update: Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) – US CFTC fines Morgan Stanley  ...
t What will Android 5.0 “L” be called? [POLL]
e Selena Gomez, Orlando Bloom dating?
t In Case of Emergency, You Can Now Text 911 for Help
e James Franco and Chris O'Dowd's Broadway debuts
m 'Bionic Eye' Lets Almost-Blind Man Now See His Wife and Cat
t Top 10 best games of E3
t TweetDeck Hack: Teen Says he Exposed Vulnerability During Experiment
b Bull market charges into sixth year
b Greece: Angela Merkel in Athens urges on young entrepreneurs
t Google Glass Signals a Wearables Revolution
e The Bachelorette finale: Andi makes her choice
e Casey Kasem, the voice of America, passes away
t Google's Nest Starts Developer Program With Whirlpool, Mercedes
e Why everyone's so upset about this Willow Smith pic
t E3 2014: Destiny - Gameplay Experience Trailer
b US consumer prices jump in May
e Michelle Obama joins fashion luminaries to inaugurate new Met costume center
e Columbus Short arrested for public intoxication: report
m Recalled ground beef may have been shipped to retail stores, USDA says
e Perez Recommends
e North Korean President Asks Obama To Ban New Seth Rogen Movie, Says It's  ...
e New Game of Thrones season 4 trailer videos released before HBO's April 6  ...
b It's end of the road for Ambassador
e 'Dancing' Semifinals Recap: Who Had A Perfect Night?
b Corporate earnings pushed US stocks mostly higher on Thursday, but it wasn't  ...
m Aid workers back at Ebola center that mob attacked
e Jay Z and Beyonce Release 'Run' Short Film to Tease Summer Tour [NSFW  ...
e Wiz Khalifa gets arrested and takes a selfie!
t Microsoft to sell Xbox One console in China
b Chipotle Prices Are About To Go Up
m Berkshire Co. hospital closes Friday
b PH, Vietnam may raise concern over sea disputes at Asean summit
b Is the Federal Reserve Really Our Economy's Main Line of Defense?
e 'Kardashians' Roundup: Kim and Kanye's Wedding and More
e Zac Efron goes topless at MTV Movie Awards | BackStage
e Jada Pinkett Smith: There's 'Nothing Sexual' About Willow Smith and Moises  ...
t 'Flappy Bird' Developer Dong Nguyen Has New Game: First Look
t Gas Prices Are Rising: Some Tips To Make Gas Last
t How to Stop Facebook From Sharing Your Browsing History
t Windows now has more reasons to be afraid of the Chromebook
t Climate change 'already affecting food supply' – UN
b Bayer to swallow Merck
b WTO deadline critical for economic growth and jobs, ICC tells trade ministers
b Tesco profits fall for first time in 20 years - UPDATE
e Joss Whedon supports Marvel's departed Ant-Man director Edgar Wright
b China auto show opens amid environmental, growth concerns
b Retail sales rise for fourth straight month amid consumer confidence
b Whiting purchase of Kodiak to create big Bakken oil producer
e Kanye West booed at a festival
b Look For Rush Of China IPOs Soon In NY To Avoid Alibaba Bump
t Google Glass offers health care advantages, drawbacks
m Forgery At BIN
b Will Burger King move to Canada after Tim Horton's deal?
t Facebook launches social news service
t India is a big bet on Facebook timeline: Sheryl Sandberg
b Could health reform be working? Two reports out today offer hopeful signs
b Growth in German manufacturing sector slows in March: PMI
e Kanye West Guest Stars On Future's New Track 'I Won'
m Harsh winter did nothing to deter tick population
m Affordable Care Act leads to improvements in young adult health
t New Destiny Screenshots Show Exotic Locales, Behemoth Enemies
b AAA Mid-Atlantic: Gas Prices Reach Highest Level in Over a Year; Relief Should  ...
e Game of Thrones Season 4 Episode 6: The Laws of Gods and Men review
b Lockheed Martin Pays $61M for Space Operations Biz
t Snag a £100 Google Play voucher with a Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro 8.4
b Yellen To Continue Propping Up US Economy
e Watch Jay Z and Beyoncé's a Batshit Crazy Movie Trailer
e Kendall And Kylie Jenner Take New York: Siblings Look Super Stylish At Book  ...
b MARKET SNAPSHOT: US Stocks Open Lower; Dow Retreats From Record
e Will Murray win 'Bachelorette'?
b IBM posts lower earnings in 1st qtr
e Disturbed Man Attempts to Meet Kendall Jenner
m Free HIV testing available June 26-28
b Target CEO Resigns Amid Fallout From Massive Data Breach
e Japan pop group AKB48 cancels events as attack on 2 members, staffer raises  ...
e Vintage Muppets tour the world, play to the boomers
b US 30-Year Bonds Head for Longest Monthly Advance Since 2006
b China Blames US for Stoking Tensions in S. China Sea
b Asia EM Express: RBI on hold in April, China manufacturing PMI little changed
b Iraq violence sends oil prices to a nine-month high
e Johnny Depp shows off diamond 'chick's ring' in confirmation of his engagement  ...
m Second probe details more CDC anthrax lab problems
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Hammer Smash Review Goes Horribly Wrong
e Gerard Depardieu calls Dominique Strauss-Kahn film a 'Shakespearean Tragedy'
t Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro 10.1 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 2014 - Price and  ...
b Bangladesh: Rana Plaza Victims Urgently Need Assistance
t Proposed FCC rule leads to outrage, cries to 'save internet'
b Delaware Drivers See Gas Prices Fall
t PORTFOLIO: Hyundai recalls Sonatas to fix gear shifters
e Eminem's Special Mother's Day Tribute - Endearing Or Depressing?
e Bob Dylan's song's manuscript brings USD 2 million at auction
b China's Lenovo sees 29% jump in full year net profit
m Sierra Leone and Liberia Report 50 New Ebola Cases in Past Week: WHO
e Demi Lovato - Demi Lovato's nude photos leak online after boyfriend's Twitter is  ...
m Government's annual food poisoning report sees decline in salmonella, uptick in  ...
e Kanye West proposed Kim Kardashian 7 years ago
e Game of Thrones season 4 First of His Name recap
e Fireworks safety urged on July 4
e Migos Doesn't Think Justin Bieber Is A Racist
b Euro Mixed Ahead Of ECB Interest Rate Decision
e No Mad Men spinoff for Kartheiser
e Miley Cyrus' Bangerz tour bus goes up in flames
b BNP Paribas to pay record $8.97 billion penalty to the US
b EUR/USD Trading off the Short-term Trendline Support after European Data
t 'Destiny' Dev Diary: Bungie To Allow Weapons Upgrade & Customization 'In  ...
e Tracy Morgan upgraded to fair condition after being injured in deadly accident
e A Menu Of Ice & Fire For Your "Game Of Thrones" Finale Party
t After making partner, Lauren Nutt Bello tackles Google Glass as ad vehicle
e Martin considering a Game of Thrones movie
e Eliza Dushku, Rick Fox split up
b CAMPBELL INGRAM: For students, water awareness should be required  ...
b Plane carrying nearly 300 people shot down over Ukraine
b GLOBAL MARKETS-US data, ECB easing bets feed risk appetite
e Watch Sam Woolf Sing “Hey There Delilah” in American Idol 2014 Top 9  ...
t A real-world criminal dictator is suing Activision for portraying him as a criminal  ...
b U.S. stocks rise on strong durable goods data; Dow Jones up 0.12%
b Comcast/TWC Gets Marathon Going-Over in House
e Fox Overhauls Schedule, Batman Origins Show 'Gotham' Set For Monday
m Got a Rash? Your iPad Could Be to Blame
e Ice Cube Responds To Outrage After Saying Paul Walker "Robbed" Him Of MTV  ...
t Google developing tablet with 'advanced vision'
b Coca-cola sales drops worldwide
m Four complaints follow doctor involved in dental tragedy on Hilo - CBS 3  ...
e House Of Cards Just Delivered The Perfect Response To Its Emmy Loss
m STUDY: Autism likely caused by abnormal brain growth during pregnancy, not  ...
b Nissan profit rises as global sales pick up
t Dear Internet, What Do You Think of the All New HTC One M8?
t Best Buy Now Offering HTC One (M8) Cases at $29.99 to $49.99
e Eminem and Rihanna To Duet On MTV Movie Awards
t 2015 smart fortwo & forfour Specifications Officially Released [Video] [Photo  ...
b Scientific Games Announces $5.1 Billion Deal At $720 Million Market Cap
b Medtronic's Move To Acquire Covidien Is A Necessary Evil
m Heath Promoters Allay Fears
b US unemployment aid applications drop to 302000
b Oracle Revenue, Profit Trail Estimates on Cloud Competition
t Apple devices in Australia hijacked digitally, held for ransom
e Essence Fest Welcomes Home R & B Diva Ledisi
b White House in social media blitz to sell Obamacare to youth
e President Obama Tells Ellen DeGeneres Oscar Selfie Was 'A Cheap Stunt  ...
b HK demand for democracy gains steam, leader pelted with water
e X-Men Director Bryan Singer Hit with Another Sexual Abuse Lawsuit
b Sales of new houses disappoint in July, dimming hopes for an economic boost
b Missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370: What could have happened?
b Twitter Stock: Strong Results Catapult Social Media Stocks Higher
b Swiss Glad To Put Credit Suisse Problems In The Past
b Sales of US new homes fall in July
b McDonald's workers protest for higher wages
b Argentine leader says she won't honor $1.5 billion debt ruling despite US  ...
b Alibaba's growth surges ahead of IPO
e Future Of Nickelodeon Series 'Sam & Cat' …
t 2014 Mercedes-Benz GLA road test - one stylish SUV ride
e Power Rangers NEW MOVIE – Mighty Morphin Power Rangers BIG SCREEN  ...
b Freebies and deals for Tax Day, April 15
e Jay Z and Beyonce Release Trailer to 'Run' [VIDEO]
e 'Whitey: United States v. James J. Bulger': Lies, Files, and Silences
m 'Contagious yawning is not linked to empathy'
t Curiosity rover celebrates 1 (Martian) year on the planet
t Dropbox does productivity with collaboration tools and desktop email
e Predicting the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival a guessing game | The  ...
m Wind kicks-up allergy season
t Net neutrality demands to FCC made by Internet Association
e Kiefer Sutherland 'Most Unprofessional Dude in the World,' says Freddie Prinze Jr.
e SpongeBob SquarePants on steroids is headed to the big screen: Is the movie  ...
t AT&T may bring Google Fiber-like Internet to Kansas City
m Sprouts from N. Idaho producer suspected in E. coli outbreak; owner defends  ...
b UPDATE 1-How does the ECB's four-year loan scheme work?
b The EU-US love-hate relationship
e Vin Diesel pays tribute to Paul Walker again
t Microsoft Scrambles To Fix Massive IE Security Bug
t Weed Firm removed from app store after reaching No.1 spot
t Gas prices expected to fall by Memorial Day
t Samsung Galaxy S5 stock shortages could be on the horizon as production  ...
b Numsa rejects metals offer: SEIFSA
t Amazon's Fire Won't Set the World Ablaze Just Yet
e Transformers 4: Age of Extinction': New cast struggles to rejuvenate franchise
e Star Wars Episode 7: Our first look at a new alien character
e Katniss Versus Tris: Who Would Win?
e Angelina Dresses the Maleficent Part
e Katt Williams Allegedly Pulls Gun Outside L.A. Comedy Club
e Avril Lavigne plays kawaii rockstar in Japan-based music video for 'Hello Kitty'
e Elin Nordegren and Lindsey Vonn are Friends!
b ECB and the fear of deflation – Carmelo Ferlito
t STEPHEN GLOVER: Sorry to be a party pooper but I WON'T be celebrating the  ...
t NASA Says Arrival Of US-Russian Crew At ISS Delayed
t HTC One 2 Unveiling Live Stream 2014: Watch Smartphone Release Here
b Top House financial-services Democrat unveils housing-finance-reform plan
b Asian Stimulus Boosts Factories While Eurozone Still Lags
e Fleetwood Mac, Christine McVie Reunite For 2014 Tour|Tix & Dates Announced
e 7 things you missed at the BETs
e WATCH: Teen nails Michael Jackson dance routine at high school talent show
b Orbital to merge with ATK aerospace and defense units
e Legendary singer Prince to release TWO albums in September!
b How a former English teacher is about to become one of the richest people in the  ...
b MARKET REPORT: Dow Jones sets FTSE on high road
b BoE could act as lender-of-last-resort for Scottish banks
b Weibo drops IPO size
m Scientists Have Induced Lucid Dreaming with Electric Shocks
m Effects of childhood bullying still evident 40 years later, study says
e Stacy Keibler Pregnant: Rumors Fly After Quickie Wedding To Jared Pobre
e Is Justin Bieber working on Calvin Klein campaign?
e US Airways broadcasts Boeing 777 jet plane in a woman's vagina
e New Captain America Revealed By Marvel Comics
e New Music: Michael Jackson's 'Blue Gangsta'
t Lenovo expands into the Chromebook market with N20, N20p Chromebook series
e Macklemore sorry for alleged anti-Semitic costume
m Hummus brand recalled
e An Actor, A University And A Famous Name Lead To A Lawsuit
t Sprint LG G2 Android 4.4.2 Update Available Now
e Deadly Everest Avalanche Raises Uncertainty for Discovery's 'Everest Jump Live'
b PMI and Jobs as Stocks and Bonds Move Lower
t Credit: Getty Images
b Malaysia Airlines feeling the pinch
b Independence Day Getaways on the Rise, AAA Projects 40+ Million Travelers
e Marc Anthony and ex settle feud with big bucks
t CTIA Caves, Volunteers Kill Switch Plan
t Samsung applies to patent a Google Glass lookalike: Hello “Earphone”
m Keeping E-Cigarettes Out of the Hands of Children
e 'He Was So, So Special': Emotional Tribute Paid To Paul Walker By Fast  ...
t Google+ Adds "Views" Element To Profiles
e Selena Gomez -- Justin Bieber & Orlando Bloom Can Kiss My ...
b IBM revenues slide but profits up as cloud, mobile and security grow
m Forgotten vials of smallpox found near DC
m (Flight MH17) World AIDS community mourns colleagues on crashed jet
b Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777 plane crash in Ukraine
e Country singer Glen Campbell moves to Alzhemier's facility three years after  ...
b Bank proposes no minimum balance penalty
m Liberia confirms first Ebola cases
t Mobile Threat Monday: Android App Steals Text Messages and Calls
e 'Game of Thrones' season 4, episode 3 airs tonight: Who will break?
m Fruits and Vegetables: Good for Health, Not Necessarily a Weight Loss Method
b We should have killed Fannie, Freddie while we could
t Ford Issues Recall
m The bloodsuckers are back
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Prime aka Galaxy F Incoming? Price Cut Hints
b Hewlett-Packard Company (HPQ) Q2 Earnings Preview
t Teen arrested for Heartbleed bug attack on tax agency
b Crude oil futures down on weak Asian cues
b Orexo Added to Russell Global Index
t Wireless price wars not sustainable, Sprint CEO Dan Hesse says
b RBI gets EC approval to grant new bank licences
m WHO launches $100 mil. plan to stop Ebola spread
e ME's office: L'Wren Scott died by 'hanging'
e 2014 Season 18 'Bachelor' Juan Pablo Finale News: Choses Nikki or Claire  ...
m NH residents warned about West Nile Virus, EEE
e The 2014 CFDA Fashion Awards Winners
t LG G3 Overview & First Impressions
t Google-owned YouTube to acquire Twitch for over $1 billion
t Is “Flounder” the Codename for the Next Nexus? (Updated)
t 'Living materials' could be used to design solar cells, self-heating materials
m Study: Hookah-smoking on the rise among certain teens
t Kiwis help find new Earth-like planet
b The Affordable Care Act deadline is just around the corner — are you covered?
b Hickenlooper signs pot bills into law
e Obama honors victims at 9/11 museum and memorial ceremony
t Senate committee: Mobile phone 'cramming' widespread, profits carriers
t Monterey Bay Aquarium scientists discover new octopus fact
t Google facing opposition in efforts to trademark 'Glass'
b Central bank doubles yuan trading band
m United Supermarkets Simplify Gluten-Free Shopping [Audio]
t Michigan gas prices fall
e NIGHTMARE OF TOMORROWLAND
t iPhone users get 'iJacked' by the mysterious Oleg Pliss
b Genentech Acquires Seragon for Up to $1.725B
t Hacker-themed video game makes debut
t Cybercrime on the rise, survey finds
t T-Mobile's third act: A push to end industry overage fees
e 'Winter Sleep' Wins Palme d'Or at 2014 Cannes Film Festival
t Google Buys Songza As Streaming Arms Race Heats Up
b April 15: Last Call To Buy Health Insurance In Calif.
e MTV Movie Awards: That Awkward Moment When Zac Efron Gave His Best  ...
b Be careful about investing in bitcoin, SEC warns
t Naperville Girl Makes Doodle 4 Google Finals
e REVIEW: Muppets Most Wanted
b Friday, May 16: Today in Gold and Silver
b Former Skype CEO Tony Bates lands at camera maker GoPro
e LeVar Burton reaches $1 million Kickstarter goal to bring back 'Reading Rainbow'
m Gas Prices: May 7
m Pregnant women have more car crashes in 2nd trimester: study
t Massive Hole Appears at the 'End of the World'
e Dublin residents voice concern over sale of fireworks
t Right to be forgotten: Google accused of deliberately misinterpreting court  ...
b ECB throws open euro door for periphery
t Google partners with frame maker for Internet eyewear
m VIDEO: Mom Raises 20k For Fake Cancer Diagnosis
b Active Stock In Activity- Staples, Inc. (NASDAQ:SPLS), Target Corporation  ...
b Yellen: Federal Reserve bond holdings to drop gradually
b McDonald's Two Weeks of Free Coffee Starts Today
e Sherlock to return for 'most shocking and surprising' series yet
b Botox maker Allergan eyes Shire bid
b Burberry sales rise 19% but uncertainty over economy continues
m New vaccine approach imprisons malaria parasite in blood ...
m Seven Health Buzzwords and What They Really Mean
b Stocks mostly down after Fed report
t Climate change satellite launch scrubbed
e Tori Spelling's husband admits to cheating
e Michael Jace Confessed To Killing Wife In 911 Call
m E. coli detected: Portlanders told to boil water
e Opening This Week: Divergent and Muppets Most Wanted
b MARKET SNAPSHOT: US Stocks Wobble; Urban Outfitters Slumps On Results
t IPCC report: People, ecosystems and economies can't afford inaction
e Judge orders Chris Brown to stay in the clink until April 23
t News Analysis for the Investor on March 20, 2014
t Mobile Apps for Fandango, Credit Karma Failed to Secure Consumer Data, FTC  ...
t Gas Prices: Summer Outlook
t GM, safety agency face Congress over recalls
t We are all polar bears
b Data Breaches: A New Worry For CEOs
e Fire officials stress safety to avoid fireworks injuries
t 'Katharine' the great white shark's transmitter 'pings' off the coast of Boynton Beach
b US stocks manage tiny gains, Nasdaq climbs most
b Johnson-Crapo will endanger America's 5000 community banks
e Kim Kardashian Changes Her Last Name On Instagram & Twitter
t Everything You Need To Know About the New Google Android Wear Smart  ...
e Israel prepares for Passover in shadow of peace talks
e Dolly Parton feels like a rock star ahead of her Glastonbury set
t The price cut was unexpected
e This Week's Cover: 'Game of Thrones' readies its biggest, bloodiest season yet
b Recreational Pot To Be Sold In Washington State
t Fabien Cousteau Calls the Ocean 'Second Home' After 31-Day Undersea Mission
e Bush's Secret Service agents called out by Kennebunkport police in ALS Ice  ...
e Beyonce MTV VMA Performance 2014; WATCH FULL Medley Before Vanguard  ...
b Numericable won't increase bid for SFR
m County Health Rankings: Wellness advocates say figures highlight cultural  ...
b Michaels Companies raises $472 mln in IPO, shares drop in early trade
e Eminem Offers Heartfelt Apology to his Mother in New Music Video 'Headlights'
t For tech innovation, Americans report fear and love
t Facebook experiment becomes a debate over power and consent
t Android L apps available for download and testing at XDA
b US unemployment falls to 6.1% - and should keep on falling
e Muppets Most Wanted Movie review: Song and Dance
t World court orders halt to Japanese whaling in Antarctic
m FDA OKs robotic leg braces
m Egypt reports second coronavirus infection
m E-Cigarettes: The 'E' Is for Enigmatic (Craig Douglass On Consumers)
m Group calls for change with women's annual check-up
t Up to 88 percent of ocean surfaces sullied by plastic
t TweetDeck vulnerability could have been much worse The whole thing started  ...
e Kimye in surprise Irish honeymoon
b CURRENCIES: Dollar Extends Gains After Yellen's Comments
e George Clooney Storms Out Of Dinner After Heated Political Chat With 'A**Hole  ...
e A Million Ways to Die in the West
t Marquez takes MotoGP pole in Texas
e Colbert right person to do Late Show: O'Brien
b Google's 1Q earnings disappoint
b Motorola — The Other One — Sells a Big Chunk of Itself
e Miley makes news by staying in her seat
t YouTube Buying Game Streaming Service Twitch
e 'Captain America' commands North American box office
e Lena Dunham Rocks Pink Layers on the 2014 Emmys Red Carpet [PHOTOS]
b Turkish courts block Twitter ahead of elections
t Google Announces Apps Referral Program; Offers $15 For Successful Sign-Ups
b US stocks continue lower despite upbeat jobless claims
t RPT-Apple resets the clock as investors await next big thing
t Canada joins malware crackdown as arrests made worldwide
e Johnny Depp and Amber Heard Go Book Shopping
b 'Pings' unlikely from MH370
t Samsung Galaxy S3 Mini vs Nexus 4 - Price and Specs Comparison
e Ben Affleck Had A History Of Winning Big At The Hard Rock Casino Before  ...
t Canada's privacy watchdog to press Facebook on 'emotional' study
t Tesla Opens Up Its Patents For Fair Use
b GM boosting investment at Volt assembly plant and Brownstown battery factory
b Amazon refuses to bury hatchet
e Moises Arias and Willow Smith: Jada Pinkett Smith brands critics of daughter's  ...
e Ice Cream Social with Ben & Jerry's Jeff Furman
e #CancelColbert trends over 'racist' joke
t eBay Hit With Massive Breach; 112m Users Urged To Change Passwords
m Scale of Guinea's ebola epidemic 'unprecedented', says aid agency
t Live From Space Channel 4: Show Date, Time, Live Streaming, Videos
b Siemens to buy Rolls Royce energy assets for 950 mn euros
e Jupiter Ascending
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S vs Apple iPad Air and Mini
b Mortgage Rates Increase at Wells, BMO Harris Bank Friday Mar 21
t Beats Purchase Helps Dr.Dre Claim Title of First Billionaire of Hip Hop
e Jay Leno announced as Mark Twain Prize for American Humor winner
t Samsung claims a graphene breakthough -- which may be huge for future  ...
b Grain futures lower ahead of USDA reports
m Peru improves conditions for mothers, but still falls short
b Europe ready to act against low inflation, says ECB's Mario Draghi
e Emma Watson shows off plenty of leg in off-the-shoulder gown at Paris Fashion  ...
b Earthjustice Statement on EPA's Historical Announcement for New Protections  ...
e Mariah Carey - Nick Cannon Reveals His Celebrity Sex List
t Scientists unveil dinosaur affectionately called 'chicken from Hell'
t The 'Mother Lode' Of All Apple Upgrade Cycles Is Coming This Summer With  ...
b Global Markets Overview - 4/8/14
e Nick Cannon's whiteface Instagram pics rile social media
e 11 Things We Know About KimYe's Extravagant Wedding [PHOTOS]
t Google I/O 2014: Watch the Live streaming of the annual developers conference
e Noah is a big, loud and epic blockbuster
e Frances Bean Cobain Asks Lana Del Rey Not to Romanticize an Early Death
e Johnny Depp as the Ghost in the Machine
t Microsoft To Release Surface Pro 3 Tablet With Windows 8.1 Update
e Thousands of UNH students in celebratory mood
b Valeant Forecast Overshadows Strong Quarter
m Six vials of smallpox discovered in US lab
t Google Glass Goes on Sale to the Public for the First Time
e Beyonce and Jay Z are planning on touring together this summer, Page Six  ...
b S&P/Case-Shiller Home Price Indices: Home Price Gains Continue to Moderate  ...
e 'Arrow' Season 2 Episode 19 Spoilers: Dr. Ivo Promises to Stop Deathstroke  ...
t Samsung announces Galaxy Core Mini 4G with KitKat 4.4
m How Much Sunscreen Do You Really Need For Your Body?
t 'Titanfall' Release Date Is Here: Microsoft Hopes Game Will Help Xbox One Sales
m West Nile Virus samples found in Cumberland County
b Oracle falls 4% after Q3 profit misses estimates
b Coke's Joe Belliotti Talks World Cup and Coca-Cola's Global Music Strategy (Q&A)
b Obamacare: 5 things you need to know before the March 31 Open Enrollment  ...
t Why YouTube Will Pay $1 Billion for Video Game Streaming
e College offers a course on Miley Cyrus, but not twerking
e 25 ticketed during first day of Denver '4/20' marijuana celebration
e Gal Gadot teases a busy, “WONDERful” week
e You have chilled me: Morrissey blames support after cancelling tour with cold
m Gentiva Health Board Unanimously Rejects Unsolicited Tender Offer From Kindred
e Hand-me-downs and selling ties: Ralph Lauren reflects on humble roots of his  ...
m Drew County's Relay for Life honors survivors and raises money for ACS
e Lindsay Lohan Has Miscarriage on Oprah Winfrey's OWN Network
e Watch this 10:04am ET
b South China Sea: Hanoi accuses Beijing of sinking a Vietnamese ship
b UPDATE 7-Pfizer chases AstraZeneca for potential $100 bln deal
m Benzinga's Top #PreMarket Gainers
t GM recalls Camaros for ignition-related knee bumps
e Mick Jagger was totally devoted to L'Wren Scott
e 20 strangers kiss for first time
b Fukushima worker killed in accident, cleanup halted
t This Cup Tracks Exactly What You're Drinking With Molecular Analysis
e Bella! First Pic of Kim Kardashian, Kanye West and North at Their Wedding
t General Motors Recalling 33000 Chevrolet “Cruz...
m Dirty Money: Cash Is Obviously Teeming With Bacteria, But Is Anything Being  ...
b Target Shores Up IT Security, Blocks Contractors From Sales Systems
t Samsung Galaxy S5, Gear 2, Gear Fit up for global preview ahead of launch
e Opening Scene from the Season Finale of Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. (Video)
e The Kids' Choice Awards 2014: So, Who Got Slimed?
b Sales of new US homes surge
m Children get codeine in ER despite safety concerns
m Belgian researchers developing scanner for gauging vegetative patients  ...
b Medicare Advantage payments won't be cut next year
t NASA Quite Possibly Contaminated Mars
t Windows XP users exposed as Internet Explorer comes under attack
m Timeline of electronic cigarettes milestones
e Tony Awards 2014: 'Bullets over Broadway' has lackluster showing
b Book News: Stock Market Is 'Rigged,' Author Michael Lewis Says
t With Summer in Swing, Awareness Raised on Drinking and Boating
e A Punching Movie That Packs A Punch For People Who Like Punching
e New Zealand court fines actor Chris Pine for drink driving
b Darden announces $2.1B sale of Red Lobster
t Now Gmail Encrypts Messages Sent to Google Servers
b 2ND UPDATE: Ukraine's Poroshenko promises to crush pro-Russian rebels
b Twitter User Growth Accelerates To 5.8%, With 255M Monthly Users (And 78  ...
e Fargo Series Premiere Scores Over 2.65 Million Viewers
m West Nile virus warning from Interior Health
m “One of the most challenging outbreaks we have ever faced”: Ebola's death toll  ...
e Bears: Decent nature tale bearable for kids
e Critic: 'Noah' Betrays Essence of Biblical Character
e LOS ANGELES (AP) — Edgar Wright and "Ant-Man" are going their separate ways.
m Stakeholders Consolidating Efforts On Ebola
e Craig Ferguson Announces He's Leaving 'Late Late Show' in December
e Rolf Harris may be stripped of honours by his hometown of Bassendean in WA
e Beyoncé and Jay Z tour rumors circulate
e TV Critics Association announces award nominees
t PayPal goes biometric (VIDEO)
m Teen abortion rate lowest since Roe v. Wade decision, pregnancies and births  ...
e Monty Python back with silliness and smut
m Looser marijuana laws may reduce painkiller overdoses
m A glass of milk daily could slow arthritis
t Comcast/TWC Submit Deal To FCC
t CFO: Netflix 'Concerned' With Broadband Consolidation
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West are the world's most talked about couple. Vogue  ...
b Local gas spikes to $3.80 a gallon
e Rihanna Manages To Piss Charlie Sheen Off At Restaurant
e Jennifer Lawrence Shines As Bridesmaid At Brother's Wedding
e 5 Most Talked About Medical Stories Of The Week
b A drug deal goes bad
b Gold Trades Near Four-Month Low Before ECB Decision, US Data
t Alleged iPhone 6 Case Compared Against The Nexus 5, Galaxy Note 3, iPhone 5s
t Spooked Horse Forces Tourists To Jump Off Runaway Carriage (VIDEO)
b FOREX-Euro firm on safe-haven flow, expectation for inflation uptick
e In Theaters This Week: Check out movie trailers for 'Oculus,' 'Draft Day' and more  ...
t Playstation hacking: Users's information safe assures Sony
e David and Victoria Beckham's son Brooklyn and Chloe Moretz are dating? Proud  ...
e People Head Out to Celebrate Cinco de Mayo
m Placenta Home to Diverse Bacteria That May Affect Newborn Health
m Measles Outbreak Grows to 20 Cases in NYC
b Government concerned over Iraq impact on oil prices
t BlackBerry steps up fight-back with Indonesia phone
e Miley Cyrus announces rescheduled and additional tour dates
b VIDEO: Who is Jack Ma?
t RCMP says it nabbed Heartbleed hacker
e Netflix deal allows some cable customers access to 'Netflix channel'
t cat feeder uses facial recognition software
b Fed statement balanced - but rate projections are moving higher
t Growing great graphene on germanium
e Oprah Winfrey takes ''Oprah's The Life You Want Weekend' on the road for 8-city  ...
b Candy Crush Creator Valued at $7bn
e How Not to Talk to George Lucas
t HTC One M8 vs Samsung Galaxy S5 specs comparison
e Godzilla Featurette: The Man Behind the Monster
b Weekly CFO Sells Highlight: AthenaHealth Inc, Gilead Sciences Inc, JPMorgan  ...
t Why tonight's supermoon is called a 'Full Buck Moon' (+video)
t NASA launches balloon carrying prototype of Mars 'saucer'
e Ice Cube Says Nice Phrases on Jimmy Kimmel Live! With an Angry Tone: See  ...
t HTC releases its new One
m Are fortified foods poisoning our children?
t Supermoon to make an appearance this Saturday
t Birmingham gets an F as air quality improves across nation
e VOICE VIEWS: Tess Boyer, Music Box, Josh Murley earns steals on The Voice
e Madonna Shows Off Hairy Armpits
b Zebra Technologies Corp says to buy Motorola Solutions' enterprise business for  ...
b US Jobless Claims Rise Slightly to 304000 -- Update
t Personalize Your Gameplay Videos With PS4′s SHAREfactory
b Symantec shares suffer after replacment of chief
e Newspaper apologizes for Clooney story
e Flipped Beyoncé Lyric Sparks Cheating Jay Z Rumors
t US in Prime Position to View Eclipse
e Ice Bucket Challenge at St. Francis
b Europe Factors to Watch-Shares set to track Wall Street's selloff
e Kristen Bell Talks Relationship To Character Veronica Mars (VIDEO)
e Five bucks will let you stream Joss Whedon's latest movie early
t Climate Change Could Slow Down Deep Ocean Current, Causing 'Serious  ...
b Nearly 320k federal workers owe $3.3B in back taxes, IRS says
e True Detective season 2 will have three lead characters
t Dropbox's popular iOS email client 'Mailbox' finally comes to Android
e Kim Kardashian Explains Last-Minute Accessories Switch-Up at Met Gala: See  ...
t Yahoo 2Q earnings, revenue fall amid ad slump
e Man's 'Potato Salad' Plea Takes Off on Kickstarter
e Wu-Tang Clan to Sell One Copy of New (Secret) Album
m Thousands of people with mental health needs denied social care amid cuts
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Cuddle With North in Vogue — See Baby's  ...
e 'Deal or No Deal' Model's Husband Commits Suicide Just Weeks After She's  ...
b Coal rises vampire-like
b Roche Acquires Seragon Pharma
t Twitter acquires Boulder-based Gnip
b UPDATE: Mattel Posts Lower Q2 Earnings
m Hawke's Bay Rotarian Russell Turner announces that the South-East Asia  ...
b Why Time Warner Inc Stock Jumped Today
e Kendall Jenner Talks Posing Topless for Love Magazine: 'It's not weird in any way'
b China: One-fifth of country's farmland polluted; 80 percent the result of inorganic  ...
b The Fourth Quarter Earnings Is Not the End of the World for BlackBerry
t Motorola Moto E Launched in India Carrying a Price Tag of Rs. 6999
b Airline rankings: Passenger complaints drop, but so do key performance metrics
t HTC One Update Brings Sense 6 - Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile, Sprint
t Boating while intoxicated initiative this weekend
t Yahoo vs YouTube Ad revenues in summer rivalry
e 'Captain America' sets April record with $96.2 million
b Farmers find GMOs' weak spot
t Climate doubter unconvinced
e Dads: Seth Green TV Show Cancelled by FOX
e Stone joins Phoenix in new Woody Allen film
t Apple awarded $119M, but who's winning the fight? | Malaysia Sun
t Astronomers spot Earth's closest twin
t Yahoo brings its personalised Sports app for iOS and Android to the UK
t Samsung, Dell, Intel to Set IoT Standards
b American Apparel's Ousted Chief Fights to Regain Control
t Apple's iOS 7.1 lands with CarPlay, improved fingerprint scanner
e Latest Kimye Wedding Snub: Kris Jenner's Sister And Kardashian Crazy Aunt  ...
t Apple Beats Deal To Be Finalized Next Week
m Boil Water Notice issued for entire city of Portland
m Sperm, semen defects may be linked to shorter life spans
e 'Sharknado' sequel has bite and lots of laughs
e 5 top reasons Beyonce and Jay Z 's On The Run tour is a smart move
e Jared Leto Instagram 2014 TONGUE PHOTO: 'Dallas Buyers Club' Actor Pulls a  ...
b Ex-Im Bank Was Easy Vote in Past Years
e Memo to Moonves: Replace Letterman With Colbert Before It's Too Late For 'Late  ...
e The Miley Cyrus 2014 VMA shocker? An act of charity.
b OECD Cuts Global Growth Forecast to 3.4 Percent
e Noah Tops Box Office, Frozen Sets New World Record
e Selena Gomez Bares Her Midriff During The Shoot of Her New Adidas NEO Ad
t GE designs iconic Moon boot-inspired sneakers
e 'HIMYM' ends series with a twist
b Is Coca-Cola's Executive Compensation All Wrong?
e Kendall Jenner Goes Totally Punk for Chanel Haute Couture Runway!
b Top court mostly upholds Obama bid to curb carbon emissions
t 'World must triple nuclear and renewable energy' – United Nations
e Kate Middleton Wears White For Her Wimbledon Debut
e Bill Murray Drunk In 'St. Vincent'! (WATCH)
t Apple Is About to Acquire Podcast App Swell for $30 Million…
m NAMI Far North advocates for the mentally ill
e A Twist in Morning TV's Battle of the Bands: Jimmy Fallon's 'Tonight Show' Gives  ...
t E3 2014 Games, News, Dates, Trailers and Predictions
e Johnny Weir and husband call it quits
t Google to develop 'smart' contact lenses
e ABC says Muir replacing Sawyer at 'World News' (VIDEO)
t Ford Invests $500M in Ohio Plant for F-150, Adds 300 Jobs
b Markets mostly down as investors await US Fed
e 'Glee' Star Becca Tobin's Boyfriend Matt Bendik Found Dead In Hotel
t Apple Just One-Upped Android thanks to OS X Yosemite
m Now, charge your pacemaker wirelessly
m FDA Grants Genentech's Avastin Priority Review for Certain Types of Cervical  ...
e Harrison Ford's Injury Is WORSE Than Star Wars Producers Let On! And Now  ...
e Jupiter Ascending Release Date Moved Back To 2015
t Hotest rides at the NY Auto Show
e Disney has Marvel Superhero movie roadmap out to 2028
e Hilary Duff's song leaks online!
m More travel bans
b Missing Flight 370 Raises Need for Closer Cooperation
m Pet retailers to ban dog treats from China
e Academy of Country Music Awards | George Strait's fans bid him farewell with  ...
t Facebook's standalone Messenger app is now mandatory if you want to chat
e Colin Trevorrow Talks Potential Sequels to Jurassic World
e Hearts Around The World Break As Actor George Clooney Gets Engaged
t Live blog: Opening statements in Apple-Samsung patent trial, 8:30 am Tuesday
e Bill Murray gives love advice
m 1000 Dogs Dead, 3 Humans Sick After Eating Jerky Pet Treats
e Joke tweet about terrorism lands 14-year-old Dutch girl in custody
m Hummus, Dip Products Recalled For Possible Health Risk
t Moto E Specifications Allegedly Revealed Ahead of Tuesday's Launch
e 'The Equalizer' Trailer Proves Denzel Washington Is Still a Badass (VIDEO)
m Am I Asleep? A Jolt to the Brain Triggers Lucid Dreams
t Microsoft Office for iPad a hit in India
b Tesla Model E Walks Out on Elon, Blames the Sex
e New music roundup: Glen Stewart, Kristen Ford, Prince and Avril Lavigne
e Review: The Walking Dead season 4 finale sheds light on Terminus Special
e Why It's Wrong to Condemn The Bachelorette's Nick
t Janelle Monae, Aloe Blacc, Gary Clark Jr. and The Wailers Rock The Taste of  ...
m Fortified cereals may cause health risks to kids
b Dow, S&P 500 close at record levels
e Yahoo Is the New Netflix? Mayer Shopping for TV Shows
t Osmo for iPad combines physical puzzles and games with interactive apps
b Google's earnings disappoint as ad prices slip
b Why Electric Car Investors Think Kandi Is a Better Deal Than Tesla: StockTwits  ...
t Starbucks begins roll out of Duracell wireless charging mats in US stores
e First look: Meet a rain-soaked Superman from Dawn of Justice
b Early trade in New York: dollar drops versus yen, Swiss franc
b Australia, Japan strike free trade deal
e Kissing Up To The Kardashians? 'Vogue' Calls Kris Jenner 'Agelessly  ...
t Dr Dre the Beats billionaire: The rise of rap's richest man
b Motorola Solutions Divests Enterprise Business for $3.5B
m First cases of travel-related chikungunya virus reported in Kansas
e Paul McCartney Relaunches Tour in Albany, NY; Local Couple Gets Engaged  ...
b A-B InBev's link to the Burger King/Tim Hortons buy
e Flashback Friday: From the Golden Globes to the Tonys? Aladdin's Robin  ...
e Jay Z, Solange Elevator Fight Gets Parodied on 'SNL'
t Google announces Android Wear; wants to put Android on your wrist
e Rapper severs penis, jumps off building but survives
m Ohio dad's heartbreaking Internet plea spurs strangers
t The Average Uber Driver in New York Makes $91000
b GM CEO: 'Terrible Things Happened'
e Casey Kasem Death: Radio Legend Passes at 82, Fight Between Wife Jean  ...
e The Amazing Spider-Man 2
b McDonald's CEO: Fast food leads to 'real careers' - CBS 3 Springfield - WSHM
b Poorer Service Gains Airlines Higher Ratings
b Twitter share price: Company mulls management shake-up
e Sum 41's Deryck Whibley hospitalized due to alcoholism.
e Apparently, Terry Richardson Is Trading Sex For A Vogue Cameo
e Get the Most Popular Beauty World News Stories in a Weekly Newsletter
t US protects 20 species of coral as threatened (Update)
t Two Earth-like-planets? No way, says study
b Britain's Top Credit Rating Secured at S&P After Outlook Raised
e Comic-Con 2014: Arrow - Exclusive Cast and Crew Interviews
t Samsung Explains the Design of the Galaxy Alpha
m Harsh winter follows up with spring allergies in United States
t US to See Full Lunar Eclipse Tuesday
m Illinois man 3rd person in US to be diagnosed with MERS
e Nirvana - Nirvana Rockers Play Surprise Post-hall Of Fame Show
b National Australia Profit Climbs to Record as Bad Debts Fall (3)
b Gas prices remain high but stable as July Fourth approaches
b Yahoo Eyes Big Bucks As Alibaba Files For IPO
m More of MERS Trouble in Saudi Arabia
b Barclays faces US lawsuit over 'dark pool' fraud
m Spring Cleaning Helps Stave Off Allergy Symptoms: Experts
t Antarctic ice entering unstoppable thaw - scientist
e The 2014 MTV Movie Awards were literally on fire
e 'Mad Men' Season Seven Premiere Recap: 'Time Zones'
m Labor Department cuts levels of allowable coal dust
t Microsoft Surface Mini Could Be Launched Later This Year
t Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini LTE Black Edition Gets Updated With Android 4.4 KitKat
e 'Batman V Superman': A Legal Thriller (We Hope)
e Angela Bassett Tapped to Direct Whitney Houston Biopic
b G'day from downunder
b Untimely death of intelligence officer
b Ladies' Home Journal to End 130-Year Run as Regular Magazine
e It's Warm, It's Dry, It's Fourth of July!
e Neighbors Pokes Fun at Its Frat Audience. Are They In on the Joke?
b Talks of ECB action grows amid Europe growth worry
b BHP Billiton mulls $20 billion demerger plan
b Murdoch Promotes Son Lachlan in Succession Plan for Empire
m FDA: Oral medication not approved for infant teething
e Why Release Dates Matter for Hollywood Films in China
t Nokia X2 Default Browser Is From Opera
e Avril Lavigne ridiculed over cringey Hello Kitty video
b Taco Bell has Ronald McDonalds. Mom recruits Wendys for breakfast battle.
e Ben Affleck: Las Vegas Bigwig Offers His Blackjack Tables To Star After He's  ...
t The Oppo Find 7's spec blows every other smartphone away
e Kim Kardashian Steps Out With Bleached Blond Hair — See the Dramatic Look  ...
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Crystal Collection teased in brief video
t What Can You Make With a Home 3-D Printer?
t Facebook To Bring Internet To The World Using Satellites, Drones And Frickin  ...
m US Obesity Epidemic Affecting All Segments of the Nation; Easier Access to  ...
t The end of Windows XP support could hurt ATM's
m Treatment for Mentally Ill Offenders
b Five Madoff employees guilty of fraud
m Doctors' Group: No More Pelvic Exams?
e Rolling Stones cancel Australasia tour
t Apple Wants To Refund Parents For All Those Smurfberries
e To'eva Parade In ERetz Yisroel Draws 130000 R”L
b Numsa all set to go on strike
e Monty Python, O2 Arena
t Despite slowing growth, tablet sales expected to overtake PCs next year
m Electronic cigarette use sparks debate in the Big Country
b 'Candy Crush' Gets Cold Shoulder In Public Debut, Stock Falls Almost 9 Percent
t Google Glass commercially available for one day only
e James Franco Parodies The Kim Kardashian And Kanye West Vogue Cover
e 'Draft Day': Are you ready for some NFL placement ads?
t Facebook turns cautious
b Flipkart acquires Myntra
b McDonald's reports lower quarterly profit as sales remain weak; April 'modestly  ...
m Diabetes mellitus linked to Alzheimer's disease
m Researchers Explore New Target for Malaria Vaccine
e Miley Cyrus confirmed for Aug. 4 at Consol Center
b US existing home sales, inventory surge in May
e Inside Jack White's World's Fastest Record
b UK's new 12-sided £1 said to be the world's most secure coin
m Drug diversion in hospitals exposes patients to infection
m Two African Leaders Skip Obama Summit to Deal With Ebola
b Eurozone growth slows to six-month low
e The Amazing Spider-Man 2 Interview
b TeliaSonera to Buy Tele2′s Business in Norway
e Life after HIMYM: Where the show's stars will appear next
e J-Lo, Versace lead Paris' haute couture revival - ABC-7.com WZVN News for Fort  ...
t Apple's iPhone 6 Will Probably Have an Unscratchable Screen
t Almost 9 months in, is the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 still dominating the mobile  ...
b EUR/JPY Fundamental Analysis May 12, 2014 Forecast
m ASCO Presses for Payment Fix, Details Pressures on System
b Asiana: Jet partly to blame in California
e Beyonce & Jay Z: You Should Divorce If You're Not In Love Anymore
e See Kim Kardashian's Cleavage-Baring Tux Top!
e Oprah Winfrey, 60, Shows Off Killer Curves (and Booty) in O Magazine
b Manufacturing PMI at 4-month high in June
e Robert Pattinson Defends Kristen Stewart Cheating—It's Normal, Who Cares?
b BlackBerry Beats Estimates as Cost Cuts Fuel Turnaround
b US stocks rise ahead of Yellen testimony
e 'Out There' Singer Paul McCartney Sick With NASTY Virus, Forced To Cancel  ...
b TSX ends up on Valeant bid, CP optimism
t FCC chair said to be backing down on plan to destroy net neutrality
e Ex-wife of DSK, 'disgusted' by sex scandal movie
t Climate change making emperor penguins' feet a lot less happy
t Newly Discovered Shrew May Look Like A Mouse, But It's More Closely Related  ...
e Bachelorette 2014 Hometown Dates: Whose Family Did Andi Dorfman Fit in With  ...
e Jay Z and Beyonce release amazing movie trailer for On The Run tour
t Surface Pro 3 From Microsoft Now Open for Pre-Ordering
b Amgen to slash 2400 jobs, shrink Thousand Oaks HQ
b Google Beats Out Apple as World's Most Valuable Brand
e 'Cesar Chavez' Review: Biopic Hijacked by Modern Propaganda, Reagan Bashing
b Philip Morris Cuts Outlook on Weak Pricing, Fx Woes - Analyst Blog
m Time to Panic? Ghana Tests What May Be its First Case of an Ebola Attack
e Peaches Geldof's Tragic Last Tweet
e An Award to Honor L'Wren Scott
b Yellen warns housing weakness weighing on US recovery
t Galaxy S5 launched, to sell for Rs 51000 to Rs 53000
b Alibaba may not be a treasure trove
e Kit Harington's Hair Has Its Own 'Game of Thrones' Contract (VIDEO)
t Swatch Not Okay With Apple Using iWatch Label
m Consumption of Salted Snacks Accelerates Ageing Process in Obese Teens: Study
e Nate Berkus 'books' wedding in Big Apple
e Music Video Review: Avril Lavigne, "Hello Kitty"
t Comcast's Cohen Calls Hastings Peering Arguments 'Hogwash'
e Kimye Wedding Photos Took 4 Days To Edit
b European stocks fall
t Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) Facing 'Anti-Monopoly' Investigation in China as  ...
b U.S. Corn Remains at 75% Good to Excellent
e Mila Kunis Chooses Natural Birth: Other Celebrities Who Did The Same
t Xbox One's August update adds automatic download for digital purchases
t Amazon (Nasdaq: AMZN) Fire Phone Takes On Apple and Samsung
e Miley Cyrus Hospitalized, Forced to Cancel Kansas City Show
b Is Euphoria in Oil exhausted?
m Breast cancer deaths plunge: British fall is the fastest in Europe in the last two  ...
m MERS News: Middle East Respiratory Syndrome Case Confirmed in Florida; Will  ...
t WWE 2nd Quarter Conference Call Announces Global WWE Network Launch
e Guy Trilby (Jason Bateman) talks with his newfound friend Chaitanya Chopra  ...
t Report: Apple on verge of buying Dr. Dre's Beats for $3.2B
e Amazon takes 'buy' buttons off upcoming Hachette titles
e Jennifer Lawrence admits to puking at Oscars after-party
m Japanese scientist accused of fabricating breakthrough stem cell research
e Jennifer Lopez - Jennifer Lopez And Marc Anthony's Divorce Finalised
m Study Links Exposure to Pesticides during Pregnancy to Autism Risk
b Myntra likely to announce Flipkart M&A deal tomorrow
e 'Walking Dead' Season 4 Finale Spoilers: Does Daryl, Rick and Carl Die or  ...
b Gas prices fall
e Lea Michele Sends Cory Monteith A Heartfelt Birthday Wish On Twitter (Cue The  ...
e Batman: Arkham Knight Slips To 2015 As Rocksteady Showcases Brute Force Of  ...
t No limit to crash compensation
b Stocks Open Lower, Oil Rises, Twitter Up
e Paul McCartney resumes his 'Out there' tour
b European stocks rebound after China jitters
t T-Mobile Expands Samsung Line-up with Stunning Galaxy Note 10.1 & New  ...
b Twitter names Goldman Sachs Executive to CFO post
e Jan and Chris claim they have an older will, filed in 2003, that makes Jan the  ...
b US stocks: Momentum stocks sink
e Tributes flow for Adrian Mole author Sue Townsend
e Kim Kardashian Writes Passionate Pledge To Help End Racism and  ...
e You Can Rent Whitey Bulger's Apartment For $2972
e Clarkson has first child, a daughter
e 'Xscape' with this Michael Jackson playlist
t Microsoft's Build Conference Kicks Off Big April
t iPhone 6 Compared To The iPhone 5 In Leaked Images
e Colin Firth No Longer Voicing Paddington
t Bill Maher Blames 'Gay Mafia' for Mozilla Scandal (Video)
m Saudi Health Minister Replaced Amid Virus Outbreak
m Whole Foods says recalled beef not at risk for BSE
e The Voice of Your Childhood: Casey Kasem
t Twitter: governments are poking around your data more than ever
b Disney to buy Maker Studios, operator of YouTube video channels, for $500 million
e Selena Gomez Instagram, Jelena 2014: Taylor Swift's Friend Sings 'Tequila  ...
e Jon Favreau and friends cook up the laughs in new comedy
e “Orphan Black” Clone Club: Star Kristian Bruun ranks the clones (Episode 201  ...
b Oracle to Buy Micros Systems in $5.3B Deal
e Nick Cannon confirmed trouble with Mariah Carey
m Ebola virus: what is happening in West Africa today may be relevant in London  ...
t Largest ever dinosaur fossil discovered in Argentinean Patagonia
e The First Trailer for the New 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' Is Here and It's  ...
e Batman vs Superman Movie Will Battle Captain America 3 at Box Office
e Harry Potter star Rupert Grint aims for Broadway in "It's Only a Play"
e A Textual Analysis of Divergent Reveals It's Just a Lot of Nodding and Head  ...
t Oracle Gets Another Shot At Making Google Pay For Using Its Code In Android
e Game of Thrones: How should we punish people who post spoilers?
t [Deal Alert] Verizon's Galaxy S5 Is Just $99.99 From Amazon For New Accounts  ...
b Why DSW, Inc. Shares Plummeted Today
b Barclays Accused of Defrauding Clients
m Breaking the Cycle: Woman Beats Eating Disorder, Now Loves Her Curves
t Corvette lovers: Meet Chevrolet's 2015 Z06 convertible
e From porn to terror threats: Airlines have a bad day on Twitter
b Ukraine, Russian fighters trade blame in Malaysia Airlines crash
e 'Once Upon a Time' Finds Its Elsa of 'Frozen'
e Jennifer Lawrence Finally Talks About That Time Miley Cyrus Judged Her For  ...
e Kelso and Jackie are having a baby, maybe
t Apple WWDC: iWatch, iPhone 6, OS X 11 and other major announcements
e 15 Cinco de Mayo Recipes to Spice Up Your Fiesta
b Dow Gain Hits Triple Digits; Is Pfizer's Tax Boon a New Trend?
t FCC Urged by Lawmakers to End Dodgers' TV Impasse
b Vietnam factories work to restart production following violence
e An Illustrated Celebration of Beyoncé's 'Most Influential' Qualities
e TMZ urged to remove Tracy Morgan crash video
t Obama talks climate with TV weathercasters
e 10 Reasons To See Guardians of the Galaxy This Weekend
e 'Rio 2': More guffaws from Brazil's funniest macaws
e Harrison Ford Injury Serious, Star Wars Episode VII Could Be Delayed
e 'Mad Men' Season 7 Episode 3 Spoilers: How Will the Series End?
t Surface Pro 3 vs. iPad Air: Best Option For You?
m Virus kills five in Saudi Arabia
b Use VIX ETFs to Hedge Against Market Swings
b Obama, Michigan in talks to free up $100M to aid Detroit pension deal
b Daily business briefing: Charter trying to acquire competitor's assets
b Chrysler sales up 9% for June in US
e Kate Winslet Honoured With Hollywood Star
b Yellen: Fed couldn't have prevented financial crisis
e WATCH: Bieber exposed! Justin drops pants in jail for urine sample
t Samsung Boosts Galaxy Lineup With 4 New Smartphones
e The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies Trailer: It's Here!
e Ben Affleck: Did He Relapse Before Casino Card-Counting Incident?
e Wiz Khalifa '28 Grams' (mixtape)
t Volunteers wanted to look after South Yorkshire police dogs
t Faster Ice Melt? New Study Points to Quicker Antarctic Ice Melt and Sea-Level Rise
e Shia LaBeouf's former co-star sympathises with troubled actor
e Justin Bieber Overdose, Crazy Partying: What Will Selena Gomez Spill?
e Khloe Kardashian working out faithfully; is she getting her sexy back for French  ...
b Malaysia Airlines plane reportedly crashes over Ukraine
e 'The Magic School Bus' remake coming to Netflix: More shows that need  ...
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West's Wedding Will Be a 'Fairytale Day' and  ...
b REFILE-Australia shares gain on NAB, jobs data, investors cautious over Ukraine
t PS4 Sales Reach Height of 7 Million Units
e Sorry, Miss USA: Self-Defense Is Not The Solution To Sexual Assault
b Obama Will Visit Walmart in Mountain View Tomorrow
e Garth Brooks Cancels All Irish Shows After Row
e Ming Dynasty cup auctioned for record-breaking $36M
b Add Items To #AmazonCart Via Twitter
m Prolonged sitting may raise cancer risk
e 2014 MTV Video Music Awards return to Los Angeles at the Forum [VIDEO]
e Diane Sawyer Signs Off From ABC World News
b Pilot "mismanagement" blamed in Asiana crash
m WHO urged not to “control and suppress e-cigs”
e Matt Lauer to Stay with 'Today' a Few More Years
m GFS Stores May Have Received Recalled Beef
e Levar Burton trying to bring back Reading Rainbow - KCTV5
t Apple's new replacement program will fix the bad battery in your iPhone 5
b US grounds entire F-35 fleet pending engine inspections
b Kaepernick Responds to Miami Police Investigation: "Stories I've Seen are  ...
b Self interest and the Affordable Care Act
t Novartis buys rights to Google's 'smart lens' technology
t Google Now Arrives On Chrome For Desktop
m CMS Releases Medicare Hospital Payment Data, New Online Tools
b Argentina in default as 'vulture fund' talks drag on
e Robert Downey Jr.'s son booked on suspicion of cocaine possesion
e Bieber's lawyer in court over assault case
b The prodigal son A bond issue is a milestone but there is still a long way to go
m Sierra Leone Government doing everything to stop Ebola in its tracks : Health  ...
t Total lunar eclipse had residents seeing red
e Kanye West makes all decisions for Kim Kardashian?
t NASA finds Earth-size planet in 'habitable zone'
b True Car IPO below expectations
m Autism Starts Prior to Birth with Brain Cells, According to Research
e Record Store Day in Edinburgh
t May slated for production of new 4.7-inch iPhone 6 screens; larger size delayed
e Peaches Geldof dead at 25, police investigating
t Which local Best Buy has the new Samsung Galaxy S5?
t Apple to make the iPad bigger – 12.9-inch tablet to come early 2015
e Jagger's rep dismisses L'Wren Scott split
e 'Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1': The Mockingjay Lives In New Trailer
t April 2014's Blood Moon dazzles sky watchers
b Student loan borrowers being told to pay up if co-signer dies
e LONDON (AP) — Harry Potter is back — myste…
t US lawmakers introduce bill banning paid prioritization online
e It's Not TV: Why an Amazon Deal Could Keep HBO Relevant for the Post-Cable  ...
e Lawyer For Man Accusing Director Singer Of Sexual Abuse Says He Represents  ...
e New Kurt Cobain Death Scene Photos Surface Including One of his Suicide Note
b Standard Life plc: Director Declaration
e Beyonce And Jay Z Didn't Attend Kim Kardashian And Kanye West's Wedding  ...
m Soccer player allergic to her own sweat
e Ciara names baby Future Zahir Wilburn
b Ackman outspent by Herbalife in lobbying battle
t Twitter adds mute button for unwanted posts
b Credit Suisse guilty plea likely to be announced Monday
b Trade gap drops 5.6% in May as exports rise
m Incidence of skin cancer in UK is now five times higher
b Medicare trust fund to last 4 years longer: Obama administration
t ASU part of new Mars Rover launch in 2020
b Services Sector Bullish Movers: Walgreen Company (NYSE:WAG), Luxottica  ...
t AT&T to bring 1Gbps Internet service to 21 new major metro areas
e Feds approve the sale of powdered alcohol
b Marketwired latest to drop direct feeds to HFTs
e Fifty Shades Of Grey Preview Highlights Christian Grey And Anastasia Steele's  ...
m New York soda ban falls flat
m One billion people defecate in open; India worst offender: UN
e Kim Kardashian Talks Dressing Up Baby North
b US seasonally adjusted home prices fall short of expectations in May
b How Putin won big in Chinese natural gas deal
t Remember Facebook Home? It may be on the chopping block
e Turkey`s `Winter Sleep` wins Cannes top Palme d`Or prize
t Microsoft COO Turner: With 14 Percent Global Device Share, We're The  ...
e JK Rowling leads tributes to Sue Townsend
b Eurozone inflation slows to 0.5% in May
e L'Wren Scott's fashion, as worn by her famous fans
t Queer Teen Not Allowed to Wear Makeup for License Photo
b Loonie Extends Gain As Canada CPI Hits 2-year High
e Kylie Jenner Avoids Bruce & Kris Begs Her To Visit Father — Watch
b AT&T may buy DirecTV for $50 billion
e Bob Dylan lyrics fetch $2 million in New York auction
b UPDATE 1-Bank of England minutes show some members closer to voting for  ...
t Huge Ocean of Water Discovered Deep Below Earth's Surface
e Miley Cyrus Gets Inked Again: You Won't Believe Where Her New Tattoo Is
e Chris Martin Makes His Enemies Disappear With The Help Of Some Magic  ...
b NASDAQ OMX's SMARTS Wins Best Sell-Side Surveillance Product
e Publicist: Tracy Morgan Still In Critical Condition, Showing Signs Of Improvement
m Guinea figures out that it was Ebola that caused deaths so at least they know  ...
t Michigan seat belt use falls in '13
t Gas prices nothing to get pumped up about
t Lehigh Valley gets poor grade for air quality
m Study: Anorexia And Depression Are As Deadly As Smoking 20 Cigarettes A Day
t Amazon introduces 'Fire' smartphone
b US Secretary of State John Kerry seeks to revive US-India ties after friction
t Apple astounds investors with 7-1 stock split, unexpected sales increase overseas
e Review: "Neighbors" - Rogen and Byrne fight back in parents vs frat romp
e Paul Walker Was Too Busy To Care For Daughter Meadow: Asked Mother To Be  ...
b Home Loans Today: 30-Year and 15-Year Fixed Mortgage Rates at Citi  ...
b Airbnb permanently removing over 2000 New York listings which could be illegal
t iPhone 6 Release Date Nears: Rumors of Sept. 9, 2014 Launch Event Continue  ...
b If Yellen's a hawk
b Herbalife lifts 2014 earnings outlook; cuts dividend to boost share buyback
e 'This is a big f---ing day!' Los Angeles mayor shocks with F-bomb at parade for  ...
t Google offers workaround for bug that stopped paid apps installing on Android  ...
m Vail Natural Health: Learn to manage and eliminate allergies
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West to Marry in LA This Week
b UPDATE 3-All big US banks but one pass Fed's health test
m Season's First West Nile Mosquitoes Found In Queens, Staten Island
m Price of Addiction: How does Oregon rank when it comes to painkiller  ...
t Video game maker sues Oculus VR over IP claims concerning virtual-reality  ...
t Youths sue US government over climate inaction
b eBay Inc (NASDAQ:EBAY) : Up With Fixed Price Sales
e 2 Injured in Circus Stunt Gone Wrong Upgraded
m Minority Kids Suffer More Maltreatment in U.S.
e Fast & Furious 7, Paul Walker Honored At MTV Awards: Jordana Brewster, Vin  ...
t Kickstarter backlash over Oculus overblown?
e Amazon's Tactics Confirm Its Critics' Worst Suspicions
e 'Begin Again': Knightley, Ruffalo, and showbiz redemption
t Samsung introduces the Galaxy Tab S, a high-end tablet with a vivid AMOLED  ...
b GLOBAL MARKETS-US stocks rise, push Dow to record; euro slips on ECB view
b Search for Flight 370 debris cut short
e The Biggest TV Case in 30 Years
e Church observes Holy Week
b British Pound (GBP) Exchange Rate Falls from Key Levels against the Euro, US  ...
e Movie review Another Coppola debut in 'Palo Alto'
m Kansas Girl Dies After Contracting Brain-Eating Amoeba
b Crews respond to oil spill at BP Whiting refinery
m Saudi Mers Death Toll Passes 100
t Twitter Brings Pop-Up Notifications to Its Website
b DENVER - Mexican food chain Chipotle's first-quarter net income rose 8 percent  ...
b 'Sin City: A Dame To Kill For' Actress Jessica Alba's The Honest Company  ...
b UPDATE 2-Honda profit beats estimates but US sales dented
t Analysts: Apple's Much-Anticipated Q2 Earnings Hardly a Surprise
e Harry Potter Spin-Off, 'Fantastic Beasts and Where to find them,' will be a Trilogy!
m FDA panel votes no on Novartis heart failure drug
t Titan offers clues to atmospheres of hazy planets
e New Incredibles Film Announced
b Watch: WWE Money in the Bank 2014 highlights!
b Why taxpayers procrastinate
t Is Apple's Meteoric Rise Leading to a Devastating Drop?
t Report: NSA Exploited Heartbleed to Siphon Passwords for Two Years
e Lohan: Miscarriage interrupted 'Lindsay'
e 'True Blood' season 7 episode 4 preview: Tracking down the H-Vamps
e Coming Soon to a TiVo Near You: Integrated Netflix Streaming
e Rapper Andre Johnson Mutilates Himself Before Suicide Attempt
b BP's Q2 net profit soars 65% to US$3.37b
m New Ebola outbreak emerges in Congo, killing 13
b Cyprus savers sue ECB, European Commission over rescue plan losses
e 'Love & Hip Hop: Atlanta' cast member Benzino shot, wounded
e The Voice USA 2014 Spoilers: Team Shakira Performance (VIDEO)
e Bieber Cleared in Cell Phone Robbery Investigation
e Report: Justin Bieber Uses N-Word in Another Video
t Microsoft/Dell Patent Licensing Agreement Includes Android, Chrome OS, and  ...
e Dancing with the Stars Finale: Meryl Davis Wins Mirror Ball Trophy
b Four years after spill, BP and Gulf are busier than ever
b Coldwater Creek files for bankruptcy protection
b Japan logs record $134B trade deficit in FY 2013
b Gas Prices Going Up, Staying There
b Time Warner Cable Sued by Los Angeles for Nearly $10 Million
e There's Less To Oculus Than Meets The Eye
e Metro Detroit's Jena Irene Asciutto moves into top 3 on 'American Idol'
b US Loosens Grip on Decades-Old Crude Export Ban
b BOJ's Kuroda says positive cycle driving Japan economy
b Insurers offer tips for safe holiday driving
b Reservations by Commerce Ministry about WTO's Rule
t Asteroid Found with Rings! First-of-Its-Kind Discovery Stuns Astronomers (Video  ...
m House OKs cannabis for minors with seizures
b It Won't Be Easy To Financially Deflate Russia
e Metalcore Singer Sentenced In Murder Plot
t NASA's space station humanoid Robonaut finally getting legs, next step for astro  ...
t Photos: Supermoon makes first appearance of 3 expected this summer
e Beyoncé's VMAs tracklist 'leaks'
t Microsoft's Surface Pro 3: the Toaster-Fridge Makes its Formal Debut
e The Brady Bunch's Ann B. Davis dies at 88
t Google Maps Street View allows users to look back 7 years
m To Lead HHS, Obama Picks Overseer of Government Shutdown
b Factbox - General Motors recalls 2.6 million more vehicles
b Missing Plane MH370: Fox News Host Bill Hemmer Says Malaysia Flight Will Be  ...
b REFILE-China July official PMI rises to 51.7 from 51 in June
b MH370 pings not from black box - report
e Diaz talks smelly sex scenes
e Robert Downey Jr. ready to help son after drug arrest
t Press Event Invitation From Microsoft Hints At Surface Mini Unveiling
t At FTC's Request, Court Shuts Down Mobile Cramming Operation
t Ford Will Offer 50th Anniversary Mustang
e 'Bachelorette' Contestant Eric Hill Comatose, Dies Following Paragliding Accident
e Lions Gate Entertainment
b GLOBAL MARKETS-Crimea worries hit stocks; gold falls on rate view
m Ministry dismisses Mers virus rumours
b Valeant debt-loaded deal binge casts doubt on strategy
m Health officials: Don't eat raw clover sprouts
e Daniel Radcliffe Not Ready To Play Harry Potter Again
m Federal Marketplace's New Leader Promises Progress
e Chewbacca lives? Lucasfilm hits reset on 'Star Wars' expanded universe … sort of
t Florida officials preparing for SpaceX to move launches to Texas
t Travel Ban Lifted as Volcanic Activity in Iceland Eases
b Respected Analyst Scott Carter Takes a Look At Gold, Quantitative Easing and  ...
b PH to remain among fastest growing in 2 years
t Twitter buys social analytics partner Gnip to drive revenue, eliminate middle step  ...
t Virgin Mobile's New Wireless Plan Is Like Netflix for Your Phone
e Q&A: Even before film, Kevin Costner thought highly of Browns
b Fed's unemployment goal turns out to be a too-easy target
t The wait is finally over: HTC debuts new HTC One (M8)
e What The Eff Is Justin Bieber Wearing At Coachella?
b Gold Ends Weaker But Up from Daily Low; U.S. Inflation Data Sends Mixed Signals
t Canadian LG G2 receives Android 4.4 KitKat OS upgrade and new KnockCode  ...
b Warner Bros. Developing 9 DC Comics Movies?
e “Peanuts” 3D movie debuts first teaser trailer
e Star Wars: Rebels Gets Its Big Bad And Ep. VII Casts A Doctor Who Alum
m Stigma around mental illness often worse than illness itself
t US government ceding control of key Internet body
e Marvel Announces Thor Will Now Be Represented As A Woman
b France says BNP Paribas' $10 bln US fine "unreasonable"
b ECB's Noyer favors some additional easing measures
e Miley Cyrus Gives Away Her New Dog
e Just in time, Jack's back with '24: Live Another Day'
t Apple to release biggest ever iPad in 2015? New rumours abound
b Sun Pharma to buy Ranbaxy in all stock deal valued at 3 billion dollars
t Tesla Model S Gets Titanium Underbody Shield for Fire Protection
t Google Releases Stand Alone “Email” App for Android
m Fist Bump Your Doctor? It May Be Less Germy
e Paula David – Fourth Estate Cooperative Reporter
b UPDATE 1-Siemens may get extra time to formulate Alstom plan-sources
b Obamacare has a payment problem
b Eat in cyberfraud peace this weekend
b Malaysia plane relatives dragged away from news conference
t Tuesday Poll: Are You Buying the LG G3?
e Chris Soules might be the next 'Bachelor' star
b Global Stocks Climb Higher but French Telecom Dealmaking Excitement Abates
b Unemployment Rates Fall
t UPDATED: Meteor shower making debut early Saturday
e The Dress That'll Give You Kim Kardashian Curves In A Flash
b Board expected to vote on deal to cut pension checks for Detroit civilian retirees
m Ebola: a ruthless killer
b 2 Dead After Amtrak Train Hits SUV On Tracks In Mansfield
b Samsung Electronics' Q1 guidance slightly below forecasts
e Trace Adkins's Wife Files for Divorce
e Kermit goes to the dark side on Muppets Most Wanted
t Nereus Deep Sea Sub 'Implodes' 6 Miles Down
b UPDATE 3-Pilgrim's bid for Hillshire puts Pinnacle deal in peril
t Relax, Science Has Found That Missing Nightsnake (And it Wasn't Under Your  ...
e Indianapolis Colts wide receiver LaVon Brazill was suspended without pay for at  ...
e Zoinks, Scooby! Voice of Shaggy, Casey Kasem, Dies
e Homeless man accepts Miley's award
t UK Charts: Titanfall Debuts at Number 1, Xbox One Sales up 96 Percent
t Officially, Minecraft for Oculus Rift has been cancelled
b China Home-Price Rises Slow as Demand Eases
t Apocalypse now? Climate change already damaging agriculture, acidifying seas  ...
m Massachusetts rally seeks speedier medical marijuana approval
e 'The Bachelorette' spoilers: More on Nick Viall, Andi Dorfman's big hometown date
b US stocks end week of gains with dip
e Obama's mom named his sister after Maya Angelou
t Apple's iWatch will be a rounded Moto 360 look-a-like
e James Gunn Spills Early Plot Details for Guardians of the Galaxy Sequel
m Fl. County ranks #1 in health
e 'Thank you for arresting my son' - Downey Jr tells police
b UPDATE 3-US agribusiness ADM to acquire Wild Flavors for $3 bln
b Deutsche Bank quarterly profit falls 29pc on higher tax payments
e Justin Bieber & Selena Gomez May Be Over Thanks to Orlando Bloom's Flirting
t Ford to invest $500 mln in Ohio Plant, to add 300 jobs for EcoBoost production
b Carney warns over borrowing 'risks'
t 'Watch Dogs' review: The most anticipated game of 2014 is... a pretty good shooter
t Facebook runs into uproar over experiment that tested emotional reactions
e Superman Does Not Look Happy In His First Batman V. Superman Pic
e Lindsay Lohan is snapped looking shockingly normal as she celebrates her  ...
e Bradley Cooper Rumored to Be Top Choice for 'Indiana Jones' Reboot
t New rules of the (Internet) road
e Kesha Goes For Glam In A Goth-Inspired Gown At The 2014 Billboard Music  ...
b Detroit pension deal sets stage for unions to push through bankruptcy plan
t Fiat Recalling more than 18000 2014 Fiat 500Ls
b Factories boost output as builders gain confidence
e Irish Whiskey Is Fit for More Than a Tot or Two on St. Paddy's Day
t Google-owned Nest recalls 4,40000 smoke alarms over safety risk
b Jumbo jet nearly collided with drone: FAA
t Toyota to pay $US1.2bn over faults
t Titan Aerospace is joining Google
e Zac Efron dating Neighbors co-star Halston Sage
b German Unemployment Falls a Fifth Month as Economy Grows
t Statement by the President of the Treasury Board
b Betty Poirier kicks off re-election campaign at fundraiser ceremony
t WHO Reports Dubs Delhi The Most Polluted City In The World
e Justin Bieber Apologizes for His Racist Jokes
b US housing starts slower in May
e L'Wren Scott remembered by Jagger, close friends at LA funeral
b Samsung Electronics posts 19.6% fall in Q2 net profit
t Samsung Galaxy S5 vs Nexus 5 – Specs, Camera, Battery and Price Comparison
e 'Like a Rolling Stone' draft sells for $2M; Sotheby's calls it record for pop music  ...
e Challenge accepted!
e Man Creates Hilarious 'All By Myself' Music Video While Stranded in Las Vegas  ...
b Drought cuts wheat crop; corn, soybean estimates unchanged
b US stocks pull back amid Ukraine caution
b Tech shares declining; safer companies becoming more popular
e This Lady Gaga video for G.U.Y. is the craziest thing you'll see today
m Determined 2-year-old amputee learning to walk repeatedly says 'I got it!' in  ...
b US Dollar May Correct Lower from 4-Month High on July Jobs Data
t New M8 HTC One Available Today for $199
m New stool-based screening test detects 92% of colorectal cancer
t Apple to buy Beats for $3 billion in streaming music gambit
e 'Midnight Rider' Sarah Jones Death: Gregg Allman Biopic Filmmakers Randall  ...
e Review: Found Footage Family Film 'Earth To Echo'
b Target Corporation: Statement from Target's Board of Directors
e Adam Richman's Travel Channel Show Pulled After Controversial Instagram  ...
t Google Moves to Own Smartwatch Market Before Apple Arrives
b Vodafone to buy car tech firm Cobra as it branches out
b Whole Foods down in Q2, more price reductions planned
e Rolf Harris 'attacked high-profile TV presenter during interview'
e Outrage As Teenage Hunter Kendall Jones Poses With Dead Lion, Tiger  ...
e Fired New York Times Editor Jill Abramson Gives Advice to Graduates
e Channing Tatum had talked with 'X-Men' producer about being Gambit
e Beyonce's sister bashes Jay Z in lift
e Angelina Jolie Talks Brad, Kids & More In ELLE's June Issue
m Guinea struggles to contain 'unprecedented' Ebola outbreak
t Under Greenland's Ice: Soil Older Than Mankind
e SNL Chucks Rocks At Beyonce's “Beyhive” With “The Beygency” Skit [VIDEO]
m State: Northampton Marijuana Dispensary Moves On, Holyoke Out
t US searches for Russian man charged with cyber attack
m Eat fruits, vegetables to reduce stroke risk
e AKB48 Members Attacked By Saw-Wielding Fan; Japanese Pop Group  ...
b Malaysian airliner search resumes on March 29, suspicious objects to be  ...
e Potato salad raises $US37,000 crowdfunding
t Snowden at SXSW: We need better encryption to save us from the surveillance  ...
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West Do Bonnaroo: Newlyweds Party at Music Festival  ...
t GM recalls 60000 Auras in US, Canada
e L'wren Scott - L'Wrenn Scott's ashes divided between Mick Jagger and family
e New 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' trailer, and more news to note
t Protecting yourself from "heartbleed"
t Iranian judge summons Facebook 'Zionist manager' Zuckerberg in privacy  ...
e Beastie Boys rapper testifies at NY trial
b Facebook Enters China
b Le Monde and New York Times turn on their female editors
b Buffett says General Motors' CEO inherited a mess with recalls but she'll handle  ...
b Ohio geologists link small quakes to fracking
t NASA scrubs launch of carbon-monitoring satellite
b EUR/JPY waiting the BoJ decision, currently offered
b Is Amazon's phone up to snuff?
b Oracle quarterly results disappoint Wall Street
t Samsung Galaxy S5 launched in India; pre-orders to start soon
b Ronald McDonald's career as a marketing icon
b Breakfast Wars: McDonald's Offers Free Coffee For Two Weeks
t Nexus 5 vs Samsung Galaxy S4 Active – Price and Specs Comparison
e Harrison Ford Injured On The Set Of 'Star Wars: Episode VII'; Shooting Will  ...
e Jude Law gets serious in 'Funny Face Off' with Jimmy Fallon
t Microsoft lets possible Surface Pro 3 reveal slip ahead of Surface event next week
e Song to get you through the week: 'Tacky,' by 'Weird Al' Yankovic
t Take Android Wear smartwatch OS for a test drive on your smartphone or tablet
e Noah rises to top of US box office
t Franken: Say NO to the Comcast takeover
b Federal Reserve moving closer to interest rate hike, says Fisher
t Prehistoric Poop Offers First Hard Evidence Neanderthals Ate More than Just Meat
m Polio's comeback is a global emergency
b Turkey detains 24 people in mine disaster investigation
b Herbalife Company under investigation
b Facebook Buys LiveRail to Make Video Ads Better
t Facebook To Use Drones For Intenet Access
b Fiat shares shed 11pc on plan financing
e 'Transcendence' review: welcome back to the '90s
t Lenovo Issues Global Recall Of ThinkPad Batteries Due To Fire Hazard, Check  ...
e Paula DeAnda – The Way – The Voice 2014 Blind Auditions
m 'I got it!' 2-year-old amputee takes first steps with a prosthetic
b Detroit's grand bargain still needs Lansing's approval
t NAIROBI, Kenya — UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon is the proud new  ...
b Deutsche Bank to Sell Notes That Share Losses in Crisis
t Texas retail gasoline prices fall 4 cents this week due to higher American  ...
t DANSKE BANK PREMIERSHIP LEAGUE RESULTS
b Silk Road Bitcoin Auction Winner Tim Draper Won't Say How Much He Paid
b Gold finishes lower for third session; oil logs 8-day slump
b Production Boosts BP Profits
e 'Sex Tape,' movie review
e Mickey Rooney, an enduring star
e Taylor Swift Cancels Thailand Concert Following Political Unrest
b Priceline to start booking eateries
e Bryan Singer Allegedly Accused Of Sexually Abusing A 17-Year-Old Boy
e 3 new vignettes bridge 11 year gap of Dawn of the Planet of the Apes
e The Limited's 'Scandal' collection hits stores in Sept.
e Rihanna Shines in Sparkly, Nude Dress
e “The Bachelor” Finale: Juan Pablo Picks Nikki but Doesn't Propose
t Amazon set to unveil first smartphone
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 hands-on review: Android tablet takes on iPad Air  ...
e Five things we learned from the Eurovision Song Contest 2014
t Microsoft announces steps to simplify organization and align devices strategy
t The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights:Microsoft, Apple, Google, Intel and Yahoo
e Clooney and Alamuddin getting hitched
e Lorde Channels American Horror Story: Coven For Her Billboard Music Awards  ...
m FDA warns aspirin may not be for everyone
b Latest info on search for missing jet
t Can Open Patents or Zippy Race Cars Spur Electric Car Sales?
e SNL Caps 'Spider-Man' Skit with 'Weird' Gay Kiss Between Chris Martin and  ...
e 'The Walking Dead': Andrew Lincoln promises 'we will rain hell upon these  ...
t Introducing Microsoft's Surface Pro 3… the laptop replacement?
e The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back  ...
e Nirvana recruit leading ladies for explosive Rock and Roll Hall of Fame show
e Tracy Morgan upgraded to fair condition after NJ crash
e Avril Lavigne's 'Hello Kitty' Is Painfully Lame, But Is It Racist? (VIDEO)
b USD/CHF Set To Climb On FOMC
t Google Glass team's new boss is a fashion pro, aims to fix image problem
e Mayweather Apologizes To Tiny, TI Posts Video Of His Face
t BlackBerry ending US licensing deal with T-Mobile
e Lana Del Rey Serenades Kim Kardashian And Kanye West At Pre-Wedding  ...
e Courtney Love doesn't like Yoko Ono comparisons
e Adorable: Prince George beams alongside the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge
t Steam reviews Watch Dogs: Uplay rage, dog puns, and snap judgments
e Is Lindsay Lohan having a lovely time on her holiday?
t See bits of Comet Halley: Eta Aquarid meteor shower peaks early Tuesday  ...
e Andrew Rannells to Take Over Broadway's 'Hedwig' After Neil Patrick Harris
t GM Recalls 512000 Camaros
t GM CEO Takes To Video, Promises Vehicles Are Safe
b FTSE aided by bullish US markets
b IEA: Iraq Insurgency Risks Biggest Source of New OPEC Oil
b PepsiCo gets real as declines force natural focus
b China says background checks on Chinese on missing jet find no terror links
m AIDS conference attendees on downed Malaysia Airlines MH17
b Chinese-Russian Gas Deal Upends World Order
b China e-commerce giant Alibaba gears up for US share offering that may raise  ...
b Obamacare reaches milestone, popularity sinks and other stories from the week  ...
b 200000 missing Bitcoins found in wallet
t Audi to integrate Apple's CarPlay in 2015 models
b New Jersey lost 3700 jobs in February
t XP was the Windows 8 of its day -- but things turned out all right in the end
t Nintendo teases mystery 'emerging market' console by 2015
b New objects in jet search
m IPad tied to boy's nickel allergy
b Commander: Iranian Army Monitoring Enemies' Moves in Land, Air, Sea
e Kim Kardashian carries adorable baby North
e Toward a less sweet hereafter
e Barbara Walters says goodbye after 53-year career
e 2014 Coachella Music Festival Celebrity Sightings
b ECB tested as push-bank against bank review rules begins
t Kepler-186f: NASA discovers first Earth-sized planet orbiting in life-friendly zone
e Live Stations of the Cross
b 7 Things Entrepreneurs Need to Know Today, March 27
b MH370 Tragedy: Raw data from Inmarsat to be released to public
e Godzilla sequel confirmed as film smashes US box office
b Seized oil tanker arrives in Tripoli...
b Recall: Chrysler replacing knee airbags in Fiat 500L
t HTC One M8 Hands-on (video)
t Gorgeous baby gorillas debut at Bronx Zoo
b Fed Policy Rules: Made to Be Broken?
b Detroit Announces Online Auction In Blight Fight
b Company to Track Planes After Loss of Flight 370
e This Morning: I've spent 18k to look like Kim Kardashian
b Target Replaces Canada President After Troubled Expansion
b Missouri mulls challenging Tesla's direct sales
t Devil ray's lazy reputation takes a dive
e Taylor Swift, Kenny Chesney Top Earning Musicians
e 'Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D' to change its course since 'Captain America 2's' debut
t WATCH - Professor Celebrates Major Physics Breakthrough
e Ray J Swears He's Not Giving Sex Tape Porn Proifts As Kimye Wedding Gift
t ​FCC's new proposal seen as abandoning net neutrality
e 'Life Itself' Remembers the Humble Beginnings of Siskel and Ebert
t Are you buying the LG G3? [POLL]
m Anacor Pharma's (ANAC) NDA for KERYDIN Approved by US FDA
e 'Transcendence' review: Johnny Depp in implausible, outdated sci-fi stinker
t Study Reports Giant Water Waves in the Arctic, Poses Danger
t World Wide Web inventor Tim Berners-Lee calls for 'online Magna Carta' or  ...
b US Initial Jobless Claims Plummeted in the Week Ending April 5
b GM Profit Sinks; CEO Sees No Hit to Sales from Recall
e Watch: Coldplay Unveil 'Magic' Video
e Chicago celebrates same-sex marriage at Pride Parade
e Game of Thrones Power Shift: Hodor Loses Control; Littlefinger Gets Laid
e Eurovision 2014: Latest odds put UK singer Molly Smitten-Downes at 9/1
m Hummus sold in Target, Trader Joe's recalled over possible listeria
e Sam Woolf American Idol “You're Still the One” Video 4/23/14 #IdolTop6
b Here's How Alibaba Turns Chinese Farmers Into Multi-Millionaires
b Australian market set to open higher
e Freddie Prinze Jr. says he almost quit acting because of Kiefer Sutherland
b Wall Street Sentiment Weak Ahead Of Data
b Tilting at the Herbalife 'pyramid' in China
b Give Yourself An 89% Raise Nigeria; Economy Now Largest In Africa
t Valve Steam Machines delayed until 2015
e Paul Walker's final films before Fast and Furious 7
e Not all apes are created equal for 'Dawn'
t Google I/O 2014: Android L preview reveals major updates and improved battery  ...
m Pacific Organic recalls mangoes for possible Listeria contamination
e Has Zac Efron got a new girlfriend? Hollywood hunk 'dating Halston Sage'
b Weibo shares pop 19% in IPO
t Microsoft ramps up Outlook protection
b Home prices up amid tepid sales
t Planet-like object named for VP Joe Biden
b Vatican City Cocaine: German Police Seize Coke-Filled Condoms Meant For  ...
e DWTS Elimination Today: 'Dancing With The Stars' Season 18 Says Goodbye to  ...
b Gov Begs for Resolution as Unions, MTA Return to Negotiations
e I'm gonna f*** this place up: Miley Cyrus slams claims she took drug overdose  ...
t Cloudless sky offers perfect view of Ireland from space (PHOTOS)
e Kim Kardashian: 'The family that prays together stays together'
b FTSE 100 dips as Pfizer falls short of AstraZenca deal
t Google developing tablet with 3-D imaging capabilities: WSJ
t NASA's Global Selfie turns thousands of selfies into image of Earth
e Captain America: The Winter Soldier sets April record at box office
t Google's new terms of service tell you that it's scanning email for ads
e Beyoncé and Solange Do Synchronized Dance at Coachella - Watch Now!
t Here are the changes coming in the July Xbox One System Update
t New Species Identified
e Star Wars and Dark Horse Comics Part Ways in August
t Office for iPad: Microsoft Shifts Strategy
t Astronomers Find Dwarf Planet beyond Orbit of Pluto
b Nikkei ends lower
m Polio virus: WHO recommends travel restrictions on Pakistan
e US ambassador flies 'gay' flag in Tel Aviv
e Beyond Fargo: 10 Movies That Would Make Great TV Shows
t Mass. gas prices trickle down a penny
b UPDATE 2-RBS's Citizens Financial unit files for US IPO
m Terror grips Ebola-hit west Africa as death toll rises to 63
t Ford looks to ride Mustang into New York City
b Airlines set to take delivery of 1400 new aircraft worth USD150bn in 2014: IATA  ...
t WORLD WIDE WEB Sandberg: Emotion Study 'Poorly Communicated'
e Rob Kardashian Breaks Silence On Kim And Kanye Wedding Snub With Cryptic  ...
m Human Nose Tallies More Than A Trillion Scents
b Gold, silver rise as Ukraine, China worries support
e Mickey Rooney in five takes: Legendary actor had a CV spanning 10 decades
e Justin Bieber and Chris Brown Are Doing Something Together "For the Fans"
e Simon Cowell is 'not proud of' affair with Lauren Silverman
b Most Asian Shares Higher, Tracking US Lead -- 4th Update
t LG goes 'simple' with its new 5.5-inch flagship, the LG G3
e French Montana gives Khloé Kardashian a ring
e Lindsay Lohan Says She's Single, 'In A Good Place' With Her Parents Michael  ...
m Recalled ND beef may have been sent to 10 states
e Chris Pratt: From 'Parks and Recreation' to 'Guardians of the Galaxy'
t White House To Make Another Big Push On Climate With New Report On Impacts
e Andrew Garfield Thinks Spider-Man Movies Should Introduce Miles Morales
m Saudi suspends visas for Guinea, Liberia pilgrims over Ebola
m Colon Cancer Decreases in Older Americans as Rate of Screenings Climb
b European Stocks Set To Gain After Fed Statement
t Navy develops dubiously named secure e-reader
t Nokia's Chennai plant to be Microsoft's contract factory
b Euro area inflation lingers at 0.5 in June
m Significant decline in deaths after Massachusetts' health reform
e Mila Kunis and Ashton Kutcher are expecting a baby
e The Mad Men Season Premiere, Starring Yet Another Surprise '90s Guest Star
t Russian spacecraft brings three-man crew to ISS
b Erste's shares tumble on central and eastern Europe profit warning
t Titanfall to launch at 792p on Xbox One
e Movie Review: X-Men: Days of Future Past (12A)
b Nasdaq Closes Below 4000 Amid Continued Weakness On Wall Street
t Senators propose requiring automakers' data on deaths to be fuller in wake of  ...
t Microsoft Corporation's Satya Nadella shows off real-time translator for Skype
e The MTV Movie Awards will include a tribute to Paul Walker
e WATCH: Miley Cyrus and Avril Lavigne fake fight
e Less than meets the eye
e 'Sex Tape' Red Band Trailer Rues The Invention Of The Cloud
b Fed meets amid calls for tighter policy
e Good Grief! 'Peanuts' Back On The Big Screen In CGI And 3D, First Trailer  ...
t Where Can You Fuel Up For Bike-To-Work Day?
b Coca-Cola Climbs After Reporting Better-Than-Expected Quarterly Revenue
m Polio Resurgence Prompts International Health Emergency
b GOHMERT: It is Time to Kill ObamaCare Before it Kills Americans
e Disneynature Bears & Why You Should See It During Opening Week
e Cannes 2014 review: Saint Laurent - a smirking deification
e How To Train Your Dragon 2
t This GM Bull Says 'Sell General Motors Right Now' (GM)
b Colorado's pot of gold: $2 million
t Apple sells 8 GB iPhone 5c model in UK for GBP 409
e Top TV picks for week of June 15
e New 'Maleficent' Featurette and Posters: The Fairy Tale Comes to Life
t Facebook 'manipulated' 700k users' News Feeds during 'psychology experiment'
t Comcast Really Doesn't Want Tech Blogger to Cancel His Internet Service
m West Africa Ebola outbreak deadliest ever, MSF says,'We have reached our limits'
m ASCO Meeting Day 2: 'Promising' Results From JNJ's Imbruvica & Targeted  ...
b Chinese e-commerce site JD.com soars in first day of Nasdaq trading
e The M word: How X-Men brought mutants into the mainstream
b BP confirms oil spill into Lake Michigan from Whiting refinery
t Central Pennsylvania could have great seats for meteor shower Friday night into  ...
b Price of beef at highest level in almost 3 decades
e Lindsay Lohan lied about sleeping with James Franco, he says
e Tina Fey, Jason Bateman star in first trailer for 'This is Where I Leave You'
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Release Date Arrives: Region Lock Feature Updated  ...
e Vin Diesel posts an emotional tribute to 'twin brother' Paul Walker on Facebook
e Review: Melissa McCarthy, Susan Sarandon add fuel to 'Tammy's' comic engine
b Nasdaq, S&P 500 On Track For Sixth Straight Gain
m 1 in 25 patients will acquire infection in the hospital, CDC says
t Microsoft says to cut up to 18000 jobs; halves the size of its Nokia acquisition
e 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' review: There's a popcorn blockbuster quality to this  ...
b $58 million for 15 months of work
e Fallon on the Colbert Hire: No 'Late Night War,' but a 'Dance-Off'
e Dutch police question 14-year-old over American Airlines Twitter threat
t IE Vulnerability Affects 56% of Web Browsers
t Google Announces Android Wear
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's 'mega extravagant' wedding cost revealed
e Kids' Choice Awards 2014: Hollywood's Youngest Stars Do Crop Tops & Cutouts  ...
b German Bonds Drop as ECB Seen on Hold; Portugal Securities Rise
t HOMELAND SECURITY: Don't use Internet Explorer
b Chronology general motors' 2014 recall debacle
b Priceline is buying OpenTable for $2.6B (confirmed)
b Stock futures flat; deal lets Tesla operate in Ohio; Ukraine bailout package  ...
t Microsoft to disrupt cybercrime rings with roots in Kuwait, Algeria
m Daylight Saving Impacts The Timing Of Heart Attacks, Study Finds
e Casey Kasem, Legendary Radio DJ, Dies
e Social media explodes with mockery as Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin  ...
e Steve Perry Takes To The Stage For The First Time In Almost 20 Years
m Rare quintuplets born at Dallas hospital
e Chris Martin bought Gwyneth Paltrow a splitting up present
e Rolf Harris Sentenced to Five Years, Nine Months for Indecent Assault
t Japan about to resume whaling - in the Pacific
t Organize (almost) every aspect of your life with these seven apps
t The World's Largest Flying Bird Had a Wingspan the Length of Four People Laid  ...
e PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Zac Efron and Michelle Rodriguez confirm their romance  ...
m Island likely insulated from West Nile virus
b U.S. stock market ends mostly higher as earnings pour in
b The Tea Party Is Trying To Kill The Export-Import Bank - And Rick Perry Is Trying  ...
t Yahoo's sad Q2: earnings, revenue down
t Twitter Turns 8; Releases New Tool that Retrieves Users' First Tweet
b UK MIDDAY BRIEFING: Barclays Fined For London Gold Fixing Failings
t Potential Use of Google Glass in Surgical Settings
e FILM REVIEWS: Muppets and Captain America
t Google says its self-driving cars would be US built
b US Stock Futures Edge Higher Ahead Of Jobless Claims Report
e Andi Dorfman and Josh Murray Wedding: Bachelorette Couple Planning  ...
b Brent Falls to Three-Week Low as Libya Rebels Say Ports Reopen
e Is Beyonce alluding to Jay Z cheating? Singer changes lyrics in Resentment and  ...
b Crumbs Bake Shop Is Closing Nationwide: 5 Things That Will Ease the Pain
e 'American Ninja Warrior': Watch Kacy Catanzaro become first woman to advance  ...
m $26 million grant to develop implant
e Shia LaBeouf Charged with Disorderly Conduct & Criminal Trespassing After  ...
b Retailers "failing victims" a year after Bangladesh disaster
t Shack Reels: Watch Dogs' Chicago vs. Real World Chicago
t China rules out Windows 8 for government computers in new setback for  ...
e Adele: 'New Album Out Next Year'
b Samsung Puts Q2 Profit at Disappointing 7.2 Trillion Won
t Investors yawn at Facebook's matrix move
m Doctor With Ebola: 'God Has a Call On My Life'
m Early diagnosis test Scientists closer to blood test for Alzheimer's
b Top 10 Solar Utilities Ranking Released Today
t Five ways in which the HTC One M8 tops the Samsung Galaxy S5
m British Ebola victim William Pooley speaks of Sierra Leone's poverty
m Breast cancer survivors face high unemployment, researchers say
e Harrison Ford injured on set of 'Star Wars' film
b UPDATE 2-Alibaba's growth quickens in time for landmark US IPO
e Sean Combs done Diddy it again, goes back to Puff Daddy name
t Facebook trials 'Buy' button to grab sales
m State halts health home Medicaid service less than a day before it was  ...
e Brad Pitt Playing General Stanley McChrystal in The Operators
e The Trailer To Woody Allen's New Film Is Here
t Scientists discover a 'mega-Earth'
e Kim & Kanye's baby North turns one
b British manufacturing growth in July slowest in a year - PMI
e VIDEO: Shakira Performs 'Empire' at 2014 Billboard Music Awards
b US consumer prices rose just 0.2 percent in March
m Aid groups on emergency footing against west African Ebola onslaught
m Cuomo Announces Plan to Eradicate AIDS from NY during Pride Parade March
t Anticipated LG G3 Makes Its Official Debut
b ECB Seen Buying Assets Within a Year as Draghi Rate Cuts End
t Facebook to 'Slingshot' into competition with Snapchat
e Khloe Kardashian's Boyfriend French Montana May Have Deceived Her AGAIN
b Home Prices Remain Low in May: S&P/Case-Shiller
b Washington Redskins Name Change? Twitter Has A Few Suggestions
e Palm Springs hotels capitalize on Coachella business
t Samsung's next 10-inch Galaxy Tab reportedly revealed in FCC filings
e Mad Men's Robert Morse on Bert Cooper's Send-Off
e AP Music WriterApril 12, 2014 Updated 11 minutes ago
t WISE OWL TUESDAY SELECTION
t Facebook's new tracking ploy 'deeply alarms' consumer organisations; they want  ...
e Chadwick Boseman -- James Brown Feels Good!!! (And He Looks Good, Too)
e Miley Cyrus Hospitalized for 'Severe Allergic Reaction'
b Vietnam-China oil rig flare up heightens threat perception in region, say experts
t Home News York Region Amateur Radio Club has Field Day with...
b OECD trims Turkey growth foreacast, citing political tension and Fed
t Facebook's Internet.org App Promotes Free Internet for Everyone
e Michael Chiklis Joins American Horror Story: Freak Show
e Grapevine: Andrew Garfield goes for new look in Arcade Fire video
t Consumer Reports: How smart is buying a smart watch
e New 'Game of Thrones' Season 4 Teaser: CGI Armies, Massive Dragons
e New 'Twin Peaks' Bonus Footage: Agent Cooper Mugs It Up, David Bowie  ...
e Jenny Lewis shares new video starring Anne Hathaway, Kristen Stewart and  ...
t Google Debuts Prototype Of New Driverless Car
b US Treasury Does Not Name China A Currency Manipulator
e Of Mice and Tweets: James Franco Loses It on New York Times' Ben Brantley  ...
e 'Dom Hemingway' Screens in New York
t Facebook launches optional Nearby Friends feature for Android and iOS
m Insurance sign-ups may not meet goal
t Google Glass promising as assistive aid for Parkinson's patients
e Aereo vs. broadcasters: Start of Supreme Court review is inconclusive
t California gas prices hit $4.16 per gallon
t TweetDeck Flaw; Exposed by an Australian Teen
m Teens are drinking and smoking less but texting more, study shows
t Xbox One: 'Microsoft Has Been Perfect' Says Indie Dev
b DirecTV to be acquired by AT&T in $48.5bn deal
b Yellen: Rate policy needs to focus on jobs, not stability
b TURKISH DOMESTIC POLICIES AND INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENTS
b Analysis: FOMC sticks to tapering plan
m Tamiflu ineffective, governments wasted billions on stockpile: Report
t Microsoft unveils lighter, thinner, faster Surface Pro 3
b All eyes on Draghi at first ECB Forum
b BlackBerry deal for 240000 Android apps
b MARKET SNAPSHOT: Stocks Rebound; Nasdaq Erases Late Swoon
e 'That 70s Show' Fans Tweet: Jackie & Kelso Are Finally Having A Baby
e Rihanna Tweets "#FreePalestine," Deletes Post; Source Says Singer Is "Pro  ...
t Refreshed Retina MacBook Pros get a speed and memory boost
b Tensions In Iraq Could Be Fueling Oil Prices To 9 Month High
t Gas prices hit six-year high heading into July 4 weekend
b Top insurer to expand in O-Care exchanges
m 3D Mammography Significantly Increases the Detection of Breast Cancer  ...
b Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) Tops Q3 EPS by 5c
b 3 million customers credit cards security breached at Michaels Stores
t Samsung Galaxy Grand Neo vs Samsung Galaxy Core Advance: Top  ...
b Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. Announces First Quarter 2014 Results
b Report: Women earn 77 cents to every man's dollar
b The Week's Winners and Losers: Yelp-Yahoo! Deal, Keurig 2.0
e Chris Colfer a victim of Twitter.com Glee axe hoax
e Prince Releases New Song 'The Breakdown'
e 'How I Met Your Mother:" All about Robin, after all
e Fake Drake Goes Undercover for Jimmy Kimmel, Faces Down His Haters
e Lena Dunham hosts 'Saturday Night Live' this weekend: Talk about it here!
b Video of 'near-miss' at Barcelona airport goes superviral
b Gore, Kennedy clan at Tenn. funeral for press icon
e 'Horrible Bosses 2': Jennifer Aniston pushes your kink boundaries in first trailer
b Top 10 best, worst jobs of 2014
e Venom and Sinister Six Films Likely to Hit Theaters Before Amazing Spider-M…
t How to install Windows apps on Linux with CrossOver (Gallery)
e Tyler, The Creator Played a Sold-Out Show Following His Release
e Lindsay Lohan splits from assistant?
m Officials Warn of Flesh-Eating Bacteria
t Destiny Won't Support Split-Screen Co-Op
b US stocks rise on Citi earnings
e The Walking Dead creator hints at 'completely different' season 5 plot as  ...
b Bets On Rising Brent Oil At 9-Month High
e KATHLEEN PARKER: Lighten up on Stephen Colbert
e Powdered alcohol CEO undeterred by regulation roadblocks
b Drones face big hurdles to access US skies: watchdog report
m Nation & World Dispatches
b RI's 5 things to know: 38 Studios default debate, circus accident, an Olympian split
e New Draft Day Movie Got Mixed Reviews From Top Critics
t Nasa reveals most colourful view of the Universe ever captured
t Mozilla Anti-Gay CEO Story Explodes After OkCupid Blocks Firefox Users
e Johnny: I sing for Amber
e How Have Special Effects Evolved Since the First TRANSFORMERS Movie?
e US: Rosie O'Donnell is returning to The View
e Hilary Duff on Estranged Husband Mike Comrie: 'Maybe We Are' Meant to Be  ...
m Dr. Oz on Green Coffee Bean
m S&P 500 Movers: NDAQ, ISRG
t FCC Proposal Stokes Net Neutrality Concerns
e Colbert Visits Letterman
b Stockman, Representative of Texas Wants to Tax Bitcoin as Currency
b High fees eat up many a 401(k)
t Lesser prairie chicken declared threatened under Endangered Species Act by  ...
e Troubled actor Shia LaBeouf receiving treatment for alcohol addiction following  ...
b Smith & Wesson Holding Corp. (SWHC) Tops Q1 EPS by 1c; Issues Light Q2  ...
b Insurers: sizeable majority has paid obamacare premiums
e Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction honours Nirvana, Hall & Oates
e First 'Star Wars' Set Photos Released On Twitter
e Robin Williams back in rehab for "continued commitment" to sobriety
e Game of Thrones Season 4 Spoilers: Natalie Dormer previews what's next for  ...
t Samsung launches flagship 'Galaxy Tab S' in India
e How The 'Walking Dead' Finale Played Out In The Comics
t Can Samsung's Galaxy S5 take on the next iPhone?
m New emoji characters coming in July
t Check Out The First-Ever Tweets Of Tech's Most Famous Stars
b US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St opens down as momentum shares fall again
e July 2, 2014 ‐ By Jazmine Denise Rogers
m Study finds obesity ups risk of ovarian cancer
b Mitsubishi Offering to Buy About 10% Alstom Stake, Nikkei Says
m As many as one in 68 US kids may have autism: report
e GAA 'regret' decision to cancel Brooks gigs
e Courtney Love: I may have found missing Malaysian airplane
e Stones roll again in wake of death
t Tesla opening up its patents to auto rivals
b Yellen Says Financial Instability Shouldn't Prompt Rate Change
e Sherlock to return to BBC One for special and fourth series
t Google Inc.'s share price up, Nest Labs unit opens platform to outside  ...
b The star at the Arabian Travel Market with ground breaking innovation of an Airline
t GM Somehow Posts Best Sales Since 2007
b Stocks fall on so-so economic news, Iraq turmoil
t Amazon expected to show off Apple TV competitor on April 2
m MSHA issues new coal dust limits for miners
t Facebook app for Android to gain support for ID-ing music, TV shows and movies
e Innovative and versatile director Paul Mazursky dies at 84
b Free Coffee: McDonald's new campaign starts Monday
t LG G3 officially unveiled with metal-effect body and QHD screen
b Bank Of America Suspends Dividend Increase After Misreporting To Fed
b Wall Street rises with tech shares; DuPont drags
t What would it be like to stand on Enceladus, Saturn's potentially life-harboring  ...
t Lytro unveils Illum light-field camera, mobile app
b Royal Dutch Shell plc first quarter 2014 results
e Shia LaBeouf arrested while attending Broadway show
t Microsoft prays for service revenue with free Windows 8.1 with Bing for tablets
b NZ dollar gains on weaker greenback
b FOREX-Dollar edges lower ahead of key US economic data
e An Exhaustive List of Every Term Coined On How I Met Your Mother
t Virtual Casino Launches for Oculus Rift
e South West Flight Attendant's Comedy Safety Instructions Goes Viral [Video]
e 'The Bachelorette' podcast: Overnight dates, edits, and 'Bachelor' talk with Jessa
e Couric Marries New York Money Man
e Robert Pattinson Claims He's "Homeless"
t Austin MotoGP: Crutchlow hoping to exploit soft tyre
m 12-Year-Old Obese Alexis Shapiro Undergoes Sleeve Gastrectomy Instead of  ...
e Pharrell Williams named coach on The Voice
e Fans Mourn Ann B. Davis; Kings to Face Rangers
t Bank of America's Second-Quarter Profits Slide and More
t There Are Huge Plumes of Methane Leaking From the Atlantic Floor
e Strahan's 'GMA' side job confirmed
e Frances Bean Cobain Blasts Lana Del Rey for Death Wish Comments
e Keira Knightley Really Wants Katy Perry's 'Twisty T–s'
b California export trade stays on a roll in May
e 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' in theaters Memorial Day weekend
e Demi Lovato Reveals That Her Grandfather Was Gay And Courageously Came  ...
e Miley Cyrus college course: Twerk-free course offered at pricey college on Miley
b Pfizer may be patient in face of AstraZeneca bid rejection
t Russian spacecraft brings three-man crew to ISS after delay
e Selena Gomez, Paul Rudd Dinner Date: Twitter Fan Spots Justin Bieber's Ex  ...
b Car rental companies ramping up exotic offerings for stars and nonstars
b Americans are taking public transit in record numbers
m Gene Study: Friends Are the Family You Choose
b Don't Ask about Climate Rule's Impact on Reliability, Because EPA Administrator  ...
e What we learned from the final trailer for Game of Thrones season four
m Google's mixed messaging about its healthcare plans
t Apple's Ultimate Revenge: It Just Made Microsoft Relevant Again [VIDEO]
b Clinton supporters to talk about Benghazi, national security
t Don't write off Windows tablets yet
e US comedian John Pinette found dead in Pittsburgh hotel
b Ferrari Plans One New Model Every Year Through 2018
t 19th Century Shipwreck Found off Golden Gate
t Wii U sales slump hits Nintendo
t Asus to Launch the Cheapest Android Smartwatch so Far?
e Julianna Margulies lays 'Jew guilt' on 'The Good Wife' co-star Josh Charles
b Most of Target's board should get the boot, proxy adviser ISS recommends
b Serendipity: Remember to talk about what matters
e L'Wren Scott's Death Update: Mick Jagger Writes Emotive Posthumous to His  ...
e Mad Men Season 7 Premiere Recap: That Was Boring
b What's next for Alan Mulally, the man who saved Ford
t Google Inc (GOOGL)'s 5 Most Exciting Projects to Look Out For in I/O 2014
t Twitter now looks like Facebook after profile redesign
t More on “the right to be forgotten”
b Italian banks help euro zone shares hit 5-1/2 year peak
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West not married yet
b Uber Just Won a Major Battle Against London Cabbies
e Game of Thrones: Renewed for Seasons Five and Six
t Mozilla appoints former marketing head to interim CEO
t HTC One mini 2 pictured in the wild, thorough press renders also crop up
e Is Lea Michele from 'Glee' Pregnant With a Baby Boy?
m Dominicans deny Chikungunya is caused by mosquitoes
e Lindsay Lohan Sues Grand Theft Auto Creators, Claims They've Used Her  ...
t Automakers see big sales gains in May
m David Cameron gets serious about antibiotics — too little too late?
t Google Puts Mattel Designer Ivy Ross In Charge Of Glass Development
b Tesla scores victory in Ohio to keep stores open
b Producers win, refiners lose as US crude-oil export ban dies
b AT&T is reportedly negotiating to buy DirecTV
m Samsung chief Lee Kun-hee receives emergency heart treatment
t More than 90 people nabbed in global hacker crackdown
t We communicated badly: Sheryl Sandberg responds to Facebook News Feed  ...
b BofA Forgiven as Buffett Says 'You Do the Best You Can'
b BOJ Keeps Policy, Upbeat View Unchanged
e Juan Pablo's 'Bachelor' blog: Is ABC refusing to post it?
b Sushma conveys India's anguish over NSA snooping
e Pippa Middleton Says Her Royal Wedding Bridesmaid Dress Was Supposed to  ...
m FDA Approves Robotic Exoskeleton For Sale In US
m Study: Both men and women feel less stress at work than at home
e Beyoncé Wins Video Vangard, Performs 'On the Run' Medley of Her Album
b HTC's Back in Black. Smartphone Maker Posts Second Quarter Profit
m Restaurants take the cake for food poisoning
b Another perk for the rich: Lower mortgage rates
t Facebook share price: Company under investigation by UK data regulator
t Three Windows 8 apps for small businesses
b Whole Foods getting squeezed by competitors
t Facebook buying online video ad platform LiveRail
e Jay Leno Joins Sultan of Brunei Protesters to Boycott Beverly Hills Hotel
t Chromecast device launching in the UK on 19th March
b Mobileye exceeds expectations, raises $890m
e Kim Kardashian's Rope Dress Was Made For A Cannes Lions Yacht Party
e 'The Hobbit,' 'Batman v Superman' take center stage at Comic Con
b Hewlett-Packard Company (HPQ) Q2 Earnings Preview: Enough Margin For  ...
e Professional wrestler Ultimate Warrior died from cardiovascular disease
b Tokyo stocks down 1.13% by break
e Amazon & HBO Sign Multi-Year Deal To Bring True Blood And Other HBO  ...
b MARKET SNAPSHOT: US Stocks Rise; S&P 500 Tops Record Close
e Why Josh Elliott left 'GMA' for NBC Sports
e Veteran Character Actor Eli Wallach Dead At 98
e See Another 24: Live Another Day Teaser
e MOVIE REVIEW: Jolie's a fun hero-villain in 'Maleficent'
e AT THE MOVIES: 'X-Men' exceeds expectations
e Sorry Stephen Colbert: New Yorkers prefer Conan over you
t Apple Courtship of Beats Spotlights Allure of Pandora, Spotify
e 5 Theories About Tonight's "Mad Men" Season 7 Premiere
e SXSW Daily Digest: SXSW has, like, really changed edition
b Thousands of salmon get a lift downstream to prevent drought-related die-off in  ...
b 38 Studios Lawsuit Defendants Ask Judge to Compel Governor's Office to  ...
t Samsung Galaxy S5 vs Galaxy S Duos 2: Price, Specs & Battery Life
e New Sex Abuse Lawsuit Filed Against Bryan Singer
b WJTV News Channel 12 - Shell: not entering new Russia investments
e Michael Strahan Debuts On 'Good Morning America'
b Bank of America to increase dividend for first time since financial crisis
e Bieber `under investigation for attempted robbery` on date with Gomez
b Hyundai's profit is down for the first quarter
t US coastal flooding on the rise, government study finds
e Shailene Woodley Fans Rejoice! Divergent Finale 'Allegiant' To Be Split Into Two  ...
b Vulnerable Democrats get a gift from Obama administration
e Demi Lovato: My grandfather was gay
b Ocean Grove boardwalk called a 'miracle' project after FEMA funding was  ...
e Macy's 4th of July Fireworks 2014 Live Streaming [NBC]: Watch Online NYC Best  ...
e Angelina Jolie Perfected 'Maleficent' Voice While Bathing Her Kids
b Gold Seeker Closing Report: Gold and Silver End Mixed Before Fed Day
m New campaign to help prevent HIV
t Apple testing related search terms in iOS App Store
t Are We Alone in the Universe?
t Spacewalk Needed to Repair ISS
e Zara Removes Striped Top With Yellow Star
e Robin Thicke praises Paula Patton
m East TN Universities and Medical Pros On Alert Over Chikungunya Virus
b JD.com Goes Public, and China Has a New Internet Billionaire
e Anne Hathaway & Kristen Stewart Dress in Drag for Jenny Lewis' Latest Video
e Community Lives! Season 6 to Air on Yahoo
b Iran to extract 1 mln barrels of oil daily from joint fields with Iraq
e Dancing with the Stars 2014 Performances: Week 10 Finale Live Recap (Videos)
e Last Minute Mothers' Day Gift Ideas
m Wonder Drug for Skin Cancer to be Given Free to Australians With Advanced  ...
b Feds Want To Take Rare SoCal Toad Off Endangered List
m Is your hospital failing?
e Johnny Depp romance hasn't affected Amber Heard's career
t Text-to-911 still in the works in East TN
b US bonds fall ahead of manufacturing ISM report
t Google Glass sold like hotcakes for $1500 a pair
t Engineers create 'living materials'
e Rolf Harris 'got thrill from committing offences'
t Google expands Android platform to wearables, including smartwatches
b At UN, Argentina remains defiant on debt
t Have annoying friends? Try Twitter's new mute button
t iPhone 6 Concept Based On Leaked Schematics (Photos)
b 2014-03-26T17:59:32Z Business HighlightsThe Associated Press The  ...
t Starbucks brews wireless cell phone charging
m Nonprofit groups help the dying say farewell
b 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Today
b Is Bank of America About to Announce Another Multibillion-Dollar Settlement?
e Lawsuit accuses entertainment figures of abuse
e David Michôd boards Operators
e Tissues, counselors help ease pain at 9/11 museum
b Kansas unemployment rate increases to 4.9 percent, up slightly from January
e Brittany Murphy's last film 'Something Wicked' gets release
m Ebola outbreak claims at least 34 in Guinea
e Liza Minnelli's Rep Is Totally Trolling Shia LaBeouf After That Broadway Incident
t HTC planning Google Play Edition of the new HTC One (Updated)
m Worldwide obesity rates reach all-time high
e 'Get on Up' can't quite get all the way there
e Disney Star Zendaya Coleman Cast to Play Aaliyah in Lifetime's Aaliyah  ...
e Games of Thrones writer George RR Martin teases next book
m GlaxoSmithKline's MAGE-A3 cancer vaccine hits wall of disappointment, trial  ...
b Russia-China gas deal puts heat on BC's LNG sector
e Officials urge cautious use of fireworks
b Industrial Production Increases More Than Forecast
e Bryan Singer denies abuse allegations
e Watch: Adorable little girl cries inconsolably - because she doesn't want her cute  ...
b Beef prices are highest since '87
t That's a goblin shark: Rare, ugly, deadly
b Silevo sale may place Elon Musk in heart of Buffalo development
e Alicia Keys
e Cinco de Mayo Celebration
b Oil and gold gain ground on Ukraine concerns
m Peace Corps volunteers removed from West Africa due to Ebola outbreak
t What Will Happen with Apple's Gargantuan Load of Cash
t NSA denies report that agency knew about, exploited 'Heartbleed' flaw
b Mortgage Rates Remain a Gift to Homebuyers
b Study shows how drilling wastewater causes Oklahoma earthquakes
b Women's Clothier Coldwater Creek Closing All Stores After Filing Bankruptcy
t Average Gas Price in Wyoming Up To $3.60
t 39 percent of Americans unaware of Heartbleed bug, says Pew Research Center
t CEO Mark Zuckerberg explains why Facebook invested in Oculus
b SunTrust agrees to $320M settlement over mortgage modifications
e 'Glee' 100th episode: Original stars return bringing us back to the good old days
e Happy Birthday, Penelope Scotland Disick!
b Friday's Best Quoted Mortgage Rates at US Bank, PNC and Bank of America  ...
e Bachelorette 2014 Ratings: Fantasy Suites Win The Night!
m FDA prepping long-awaited plan to reduce salt (Update)
m Rhode Island confirms mosquito virus cases
b What Can Unilever Plc (ADR) (NYSE:UL) Learn From Wal-Mart Stores (WMT)?
b Cat litter may have caused nuclear leak
b United Technologies Wins US Air Force Chopper Contract
e 'Star Wars: Episode VII' cast announced, and yes, Harrison Ford, Carrie Fisher  ...
e The ABCs Of Aereo: Streaming Service Wants “Something …
e Actor-athlete Terry Crews named new host of 'Millionaire' replacing Cedric The  ...
t Nickelodeon updates app for Android & iOS
b FWS: Lesser Prairie Chicken Officially Listed as 'Threatened'
b Russia ordered to pay $50 billion to Yukos shareholders
b Frontier surpasses United as worst airline based on complaints
t EDITORIAL: NASA's 'Rocket to Nowhere' could hijack private spaceflights
e Kourtney K is pregnant
t All New HTC One Developer Edition Available Now
t UN climate report balances science and politics
t Qualcomm Bolsters Wi-Fi Leadership with 60 GHz Wireless for Mobile  ...
e Archie Comics preparing for 'Life Without Archie'
e Angelina Jolie takes on the role of fun hero-villain in 'Maleficent'
e Transcendence Director Wally Pfister Doesn't Want Immortality (Neither Does  ...
b Ukraine Between a Rock and a Hard Place – Is There a Way Out?
b Ronald McDonald Twitter, Selfie & Makeover: Famous Mascot Gets New Look  ...
m Veterans Die Waiting on 'Secret VA List': Ex-Doctor
t Flower Mound motorcyclist injured at Pikes Peak event
b 10 things to know for Wednesday
t Amazon weekend offer includes £100 of apps
e Box office: 'Tammy' rolls out with $1.3 million Tuesday night
e Channing Tatum, Ryan Gosling, Kristen Stewart are carpet-bound as Cannes  ...
t 2015 Chevrolet Trax First Look
t A First: Earth-Like Planet Discovered
m CDC estimates 1 in 68 children has been identified with autism spectrum disorder
b California's Monterey Shale: Bonanza or Bust? Nobody Really Knows
e Shailene Woodley cut from The Amazing Spider-Man 2 to keep eyes on Emma  ...
e The Bachelorette 2014 Spoilers: Andi Dorfman to Join 'The View'?
t Another reason to quit Internet Explorer
e Bachelor Juan Pablo Galavis chooses Nikki Ferrell... but says he 'isn't 100 per  ...
e Many local Mexicans not celebrating Cinco de Mayo
e 'Game Of Thrones' Fans Call To #FreeTyrion After Fiery Speech
m Life expectancy rises in poor nations, says UN
t Comet Sliding Spring could Damage Sensitive Instruments at NASA's Satellites
t SXSW News: Google looks to boost Android's presence in wearable market
t FTC Says Facebook, WhatsApp Must Honor Consumer Privacy
e 'Midnight Rider' Director, Producer Surrender to Georgia Authorities
b China Blocks Flickr, Messaging Apps as Censorship Rises: Greatfire
b Amazon's tough negotiation tactics raise publishers' anger
t Facebook rolls out voting feature worldwide
t HTC One Mini 2 Press Shot Leaks
t New evidence points to start of the Big Bang
t NASA to Test Saucer-Shaped Spacecraft for Mars Mission
m Blood test may predict onset of Alzheimer's and related disease, new study finds
e Charlie Sheen's Taco Bell Trip Is Proof He's Not Winning At All
m First lady says GOP school lunch nutrition cuts 'unacceptable'
t Harley-Davidson's First-Ever Electric Motorcycle Crashed Their Website [PHOTOS]
t UN moves to stop environmental crime
m Schumacher's medical files possibly stolen
e TV ratings: 'The Voice' finale tops 'DWTS' Tuesday, 'I Wanna Marry Harry' tanks
b Tesla Allowed to Sell Cars in Ohio, Following N.J. Ban
b Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) No Different Than Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL  ...
b Why you shouldn't bet against Elon Musk
e Grande to perform at MTV awards
e Religion news
t Tech: Snapchat Settles With the FTC …
t UK Cinemas Put A Ban On Google Glass
t Korea, EU to develop 5G mobile network
m Leaders urge 'restraint' on e-cigarette regulation
e Travel Channel host Adam Richman suspended for calling a woman the “c-word”
b Rebels fight army over oil ports
t SECRET Apple-Comcast CONFAB BLAB: Movies streamed to TV? – report
e W Hotel Has a Hashtag-Enforcer for Your Wedding
b Facebook net income jumps 193% during 2014 Q1
m Pharmacy benefit manager pushes Gilead Science to cut high cost of hepatitis C  ...
t Jurors see one final clash in $2 billion Apple v. Samsung case
t First 2015 Corvette Z06 Fetches $1 Million At Auction, 1964 Ford GT40 Prototype  ...
t NASA's Carbon Observatory 2 satellite is finally in orbit
e Friday Afternoon Video: Marvin Gaye - Star Spangled Banner
m Medical Marijuana Growers Could Apply For Illinois Permits Soon
b Oracle says new software sales rose 4 percent in third quarter
b Five Stocks to Watch in August
t Apple starts to behave normally
b Morgan Stanley Sees Attractive Entry Point for Abbott Laboratories
e 'Mad Men' in LA: 4 Angeleno Moments From SC&P's West Coast Move
b Murdoch's $14 bln plan is new test for BSkyB board
e Billboard Awards 2014 Red Carpet Live Stream: Watch Shakira, Jennifer Lopez  ...
e Lawsuit alleges Led Zeppelin ripped off 'Stairway to Heaven' riff
b Malaysia plane search covers area the size of Australia
t Microsoft Fights US Government Over Rights to Data on Foreign Servers
e Easter Is Starting Point for Evangelism, Not Finish Line
m Parents' Smartphones Interrupt Healthy Family Interactions
t Report: China Developing 'Air Bubble' Submarine Technology
b Detroit to hold parking fine hike hearings today
m Lawmakers Attack High Price of Gilead's Hep C Drug Sovaldi
m Sober smartphone app aids boozers' recovery
e Crossroads residents share Hispanic culture (w/video)
m Study: Alzheimer's much more likely in women
b Married LI man uses Craigslist to seek temporary home and sex with someone in  ...
e Watch 'Penny Dreadful' Online Free! New Showtime Series Released On  ...
b Gap's 1st quarter net income declines 22%
e Diane Sawyer stepping down from ABC's 'World News'
t Apple hits 52-week high as Beats buzz builds
b Why does Thomas Piketty proclaim 'We want capitalism to be the slave of  ...
m 7 warm-weather health myths debunked
b Report: U.S. a 'Rising Star' of Global Manufacturing
e Gareth Edwards Will Return for Godzilla 2 Despite New Star Wars Gig
t eBay Breach: Is Your Identity Up For Auction?
b AbbVie and Shire tie the knot but investors seem wary of regulators
e The Bachelorette Recap– Fantasy Suite or Nah?
t Pat Robertson: If Mozilla CEO is anti-gay then my 'God almighty is a hater' too
e Michael Evais introduces Lauren Laverne at Dolly Parton Press Conference
m New research reveals that eczema may lower skin cancer risk
e Friday movie roundup: All the fine young mutants
b Mercedes-Benz Self-Driving Truck Revealed: Future Truck 2025 Video
e Spotify lowers monthly premium subscription fee for college students
m Chief prosecutor in Oscar Pistorius murder trial questions acoustics expert about  ...
e 'American Idol' winner Scotty McCreery robbed at gunpoint during home invasion
b US Stock Futures Mostly Higher Ahead Of Goldman Sachs Earnings
b British American Tobacco buys back shares
e Sabotage: Film Review
m Exercising for one hour a week 'can halve dementia risk'
b Gold struggles below $1300; platinum eyes biggest weekly gain in 3 months
e Lana Del Rey defends herself over glamourising dying young after Frances  ...
e Katt Williams Allegedly Pulled A Gun At Comedy Show [VIDEO]
b That's nuts: Squirrel blamed for $300K damage to Indiana center
e Michael Jackson Postmortem Album to be Released
e Trailers and dates for buzzed-about films due here
t Apple Buying "Beats by Dr. Dre"
t Thanks to GM, Fiat Chrysler Is Facing an Ignition Recall
b Pay raises go to those in select industries
e Jersey Boys hits all the right notes
t Google, Oracle Ruling Sets Up Software Fair Use Fight
e Iggy Azalea's US #1 Equals Beatles' Chart Record
b The UK Unemployment Rate Just Plunged, And The Pound Is Surging
b BOJ keeps policy on hold, maintains upbeat view on outlook
b U.S. car sales at 8-year high in June
m Slight Drop in Rate of Advanced Cancers, CDC Says
m Review examining effects of public smoking ban finds large drops in pre-term  ...
b Senate confirms former Bank of Israel head Fischer as Fed vice chairman
e Here's the Indian Music Video That Could Help Make 'The Amazing Spider-Man  ...
b GoPro jumps 38% on Nasdaq debut after raising $427 mln in IPO
e Netflix and Scholastic team up for 'Magic School Bus' reboot
e Compiled by Merrisa Brown, mySA.com
m NJ Tops Nation in Percentage of Kids Diagnosed within Autism Spectrum
b Scania's independent committee of its board rejects public offer from Volkswagen
b Nokia calls on Rajeev Suri to be chief executive
b Roche Holding AG: Roche announces definitive agreement to acquire Seragon  ...
t Domino's Pizza hackers demand €30000 ransom
t NASA revives Kepler space telescope using solar wind to stabilize it
t Why Tesla Motors (TSLA) Stock Is Lower Today
e Kim Kardashian Kanye West Wedding: Beyonce To Be A Bridesmaid For The  ...
m FDA Changes to E Cigarettes
b Nigeria's Tax Revenue Ratio to GDP Drops, Okonjo-Iweala Says
b Chinese dream in accord with Russian dream
e Home WhatsOn TV Blog Buzz: Can 'Game of Thrones' top big...
e Conscious uncoupling as a political mantra
b Greece to return to bond markets in 2014
e Clooney responds to Daily Mail about "fabricated story" on future mother-in-law
t Report: Microsoft Making Windows Phone OS Free for Some Manufacturers
e Tony Awards 2014 nominations: 'A Gentleman's Guide to Love and Murder  ...
t Airbag problem leads to recall by Japanese Big 3
e Sudeikis And Wilde Welcome Baby Boy
t Spacewalking astronauts complete urgent repair job
e WATCH: Johnny Depp goes bald and chubby for new flick Black Mass
e ACM fans play it Strait
b Sotheby's Gives In To Third Point Hedge Fund Manager Daniel Loeb's Demands  ...
e Andy Serkis' career evolves thanks to 'Apes,' 'Rings'
b Vietnam and China trade accusations over sinking of Vietnamese fishing boat
b Valeant, Ackman looking to buy Botox maker Allergan in deal worth about $49B
b Pfizer Officially Withdraws From AstraZeneca Deal
b Sally Beauty Supply Confirms Credit Card Breach
t Climate change will 'cost world far more than estimated'
t SpaceX "GO' For Launch Despite Space Station Malfunction
t Apple must be wary of HTC's past mistakes with Beats buy
e Is hubby Kanye West taking all decisions for Kim Kardashian?
b TSX, Wall Street rise amid major dealmaking, corporate earnings
t Google now toughens security with Gmail service encryption
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's Wedding: Who Will Attend?
e Critics' Thoughts Of Transformers: Age Of Extinction
t Apple and IBM forge B2B enterprise mobile partnership..
t Moto 360 could be the designer smartwatch we've been waiting for
e 'True Blood' series finale: How Alexander Skarsgard got emotional over it
t Apple v. Google: Will Reopened Legal Dispute Benefit Samsung?
t Samsung's Gear Live Android Wear Smartwatch First Impressions
b Travel chaos after Channel Tunnel evacuation this morning
t Happy 50th Birthday, Ford Mustang! Iconic American car has a strong NASCAR  ...
b Carney signals earlier British rate hike; stg soars vs dollar
t GM hires 9/11 attorney to advise on recall victims
e Stephen Colbert Reacts To #CancelColbert
b MH370: Latest information on search for missing plane
t Sprint's Son Pitches Skeptical Washington on Competition
e PLAYBILL.COM'S THEATRE WEEK IN REVIEW, April 5-11: Woody Allen's  ...
e Kanye West and Kim Kardashian to Wed in Secret Ceremony in Los Angeles  ...
b 21/05/2014Netflix makes major European push
e Clearing the Aereo
b Key Data From Pew's “State Of News Media” Report
t Google-backed Project Ara modular smartphones slated for January 2015
e Star Wars Episode VII Officially Begins Filming! See The First Set Photo HERE!
b A new twist on decades-old debate
e Kiefer Sutherland 'Wishes Freddie Prinze, Jr. The Best' Following  ...
t Google Glass Frames Designed by Diane Von Furstenberg Now Available in the  ...
e ICYMI: The Joan Rivers "Today" clip
e Piers Morgan ends CNN show with call for US gun control
b Burger King,Tim Hortons talks could turn up heat on tax inversions
e All hands on deck! Beyoncé, Jay Z and Blue Ivy shun beach for a luxury yacht
m Idaho to receive settlement from maker of Four Loko
e Ming Dynasty 'chicken cup' auctioned for $36M
b How a crisis can benefit your portfolio
b Business Travelers Not Charged Baggage Fees at Ryanair
b Court slows EPA on emissions, but largely backs its rules
e Movies opening this weekend - May 2
b Inflation Fears And The Fed
b Forex - Dollar hits fresh 6-month highs after US. data
e Alien: Isolation Features Voices And Likenesses Of 1979 Original Cast
m Contagious yawning more mysterious than before
e justices show little support for Aereo TV in copyright fight
e Thor is now a woman
t Verizon LG G3 shows off its branding in leaked render as LG posts another  ...
b Le Pen will find it hard to forge European Parliament allies
t Instagram Finally Unveils New and Improved Photo Filters
e First photo from 'Straight Outta Compton' introduces cast of NWA biopic
b Uber brings safe, reliable rides: Front Burner
e Reviving Veronica Mars
b Filing income tax returns with IRS each year not a pleasant experience
b Why Empire Resorts Inc. Stock Popped and Dropped Today
t Google bans porn ads from its ad network
b Andrew Miller
b Biggest banks to pay up to 15m euros for ECB supervision
b Sotheby's and Third Point Reach Agreement
b UPDATE 2-Moscow courts back closure of three McDonald's branches
e Zac Efron - Zac Efron 'thinking about' High School Musical reunion film
t Half-Life 2 Now Available for Nvidia Shield
t Curiosity Rover Marks 1 Martian Year
b Why Argentina Chose Default Over Paying Off Holdouts
e Authorities Arrest 14-Year-Old Girl Who Tweeted Threat at American Airlines
b China evacuates workers from Vietnam
e Trace Adkins and Wife, Rhonda, Release Statement on Impending Divorce
t Samsung Elec tips pickup as Q1 profit matches guidance
b Meat producer Cargill to close Milwaukee beef plant due to cattle shortage; 600  ...
m Pistorius trial resumes after 30 days of psychiatric tests
e Vanessa Lachey Is Pregnant With Baby No. 2: 'It's A Girl!'
b Johnson & Johnson's Q1 Profit Up 8 Percent
e Five reasons not to miss 'Fargo,' FX's hilariously dark drama
m Red meat may pose greater potential breast cancer risk
e 3 quick tips to better your Google search
t FBI: Malware infected half a million computers
e X-Men: Days of Future Past Is The Blockbuster to Beat With Huge Opening Box  ...
t 800 Million iTunes Accounts … And Then What?
b ANALYSTS: The Fed's Taper Will Continue
t Automaker to upgrade Ohio engine facility
t FCC Extends Deadline For Commenting On Net Neutrality
m Premature Births More Common Among Mothers Who Drank Lightly Early In  ...
e Japanese architect Shigeru Ban wins 2014 Pritzker prize
b Protest As McDonald's Boss Tackles Pay Critics
e Kim Kardashian Posts Bikini Photo On Second Honeymoon With Kanye West (PIC)
e MTV Review: Blended
e You Used Clean Water, He used Toilet Water! Matt Damon Uses the Ice Bucket  ...
t LG reveals another picture of upcoming G smartwatch with Android Wear
b Missing Plane Found? 300 More Floating Objects Spotted in Search Area
b Five apply for Detroit bankruptcy witness position
e Look what Johnny Manziel's up to now
b Mid-Day Market Update: US Stocks Turn Higher; Apple Shares Jump On Upbeat  ...
m FDA approves DEKA Arm System. Here's why amputees (including Darth Vader  ...
m Possible Ebola case in Canada in man who traveled to West Africa
e Kourtney Kardashian Pregnant!!! 'KUWTK' Star Expecting Third Child With Scott  ...
b Twitter appoints Anthony Noto as CFO
b New York's top court upholds local bans on hydraulic fracturing for natural gas
t Apple cooperating at last on antitrust after MONTHS of wrangling – says court  ...
e Steve Martin dismisses Father of the Bride 3 rumor: 'Not seen a script'
t Sony to move into virtual reality business
m 'Draw Something' app helps man lose nearly 400 pounds
b Swiss bank pleads guilty to US tax evasion, $2.6bn
b MH370 Search: Aussie Chief Confirms Fifth Signal Not Related to Plane; Taliban  ...
b MH370: Search resumes at first light in new area
t What is a Supermoon and why is it so big and bright tonight?
b Nathan Hansen: In America, food is a thorny issue
e Beyonce's Stage Performance Fuels Jay Z's Cheating Rumour!
b Smart phone maker BlackBerry continues to struggle
b Searchers looking for missing Malaysia jet come up empty
b Alstom approves $12bn GE bid in humiliation for Hollande
e Miley Cyrus Bangerz Tour Update: Singer Makes Date Rape Comment at  ...
b Tech Movers: Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR), Fusion-IO (NYSE:FIO), Sunedison Inc  ...
b Credit Suisse Rises as US Guilty Plea Ends Three-Year Probe
e Harry Potter spinoff to get movie trilogy
e X-Men Days of Future Past: $8 Million For Mutants (So Far)
e Drew Barrymore welcomes second child
b ECB keeps rates unchanged
t Vintage Video: Bill Cosby Presents Bicycles Are Beautiful
t Microsoft (MSFT) Surface Pro 3 'Impressive' - FBR Capital
t Nokia Here gets come-hither with iOS, Android developers
b Major delays after Channel Tunnel power failure
b American Apparel accepts $25M bailout from Standard General
m Upbeat Menino calls cancer a 'bump in the road'
m PET scan potential for predicting brain damage recovery
m Parents absorbed in smartphones scold kids more harshly in study
e Seth Rogen describes filming parody of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's sexy  ...
t Gas price edged up in Yakima area
b Coca-Cola sales surprise on Dasani, Minute Maid
m Men feel more pain after a major operation
b Business Highlights
t Could the Apple, IBM Enterprise Partnership Hurt BlackBerry?
t GM, Chrysler Recalls Raise Questions About Auto Parts Safety
b Breaking news
e Usher And Nicki Minaj Perform She Came To Give It To You At The 2014 MTV  ...
t Sprint customers can now text to 9-1-1
t BMW examines cars for potential airbag problems
b Chrysler reports USD 690 million first quarter loss
b Google to use overseas cash to help pay for $20 billion to $30 billion in foreign  ...
t Heart bleed bug affects smartphones with Android Jelly Bean 4.1.1
t VIDEO: New Destiny trailer gives more story details
e 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier' Screening: Chris Evans, Cobie Smulders  ...
b Oil spills into Lake Michigan from BP refinery
b As GoPro gears up for IPO, competition from Apple and Google wearables looms
t Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. (005930) reveals new prototype health band with  ...
e Cinco De Mayo History: Why Is It Celebrated In U.S. While Barely In Mexico?
t Google's next big thing is... cardboard?
b US will allow exports of condensate -WSJ
m St. Jude to acquire CardioMEMS following FDA approval of device
e Prepon 'the new black' for Cruise
e Rihanna Naked: 'Diamonds' Star Wears Sparkly Dress to CFDA Awards  ...
b WWE Money In The Bank: Updated Card
t Tumblr joins 21st century with two-factor authentication
e Top 5 Epic Fails at the 2014 MTV Movie Awards
e Justin Bieber & Selena Gomez Canoodling At Coachella
e 'Walking Dead' wins again with 15.7 million viewers for finale
b BOJ Seen Doubling ETF Purchases in Next Round of Easing
t App Watch: Facebook launches Slingshot, a place for disappearing group  ...
t Iran Judge Pokes Facebook Founder Over Privacy Complaints
e Tech guru who said virgin killer's sister was 'probably smokin hot' is fired from  ...
t XCOM: Enemy Unknown Finally Brings Alien War to Android
m Experts Warn About Flesh-Eating Bacteria In Chesapeake Bay
t Samsung Galaxy K Zoom Smartphone Unveiled
b Fiat shareholders green-light Chrysler merger, end of an Italian era
e Fox cancels four shows, including 'Dads'
t Motorola Moto E spotted on Indian import website, confirms sub-Rs 10000 price  ...
t Latest iPhone 6 renders show new details
m FDA wants to regulate e-cigarettes as Connecticut plans legislative action
t Microsoft's Windows to aid PC market revival in 2015
b Fashion Revolution Day Marks First Anniversary Of Bangladesh Factory Building  ...
e 'All by himself': Man trapped overnight in airport films music video
m Fried foods linked to obesity in people with genetic risk
t Worldwide Wearable Computing Market Gains Momentum with Shipments  ...
b Economics and politics align for ECB: James Saft
t Ford Adds 300 Jobs to Build 2.7-liter EcoBoost for 2015 F-150
e Prince George's first birthday commemorated with £5 Royal Mint coin
t Restored Footage Maps Neptune's Strange Moon
e X-Men Days of Future Past trailer, Jennifer Lawrence rocking Mystique
b California mayor resigns after being caught tossing dog poop on neighbor's lawn  ...
e Passenger sues airline for flight mix-up
b Family Dollar to cut jobs, close about 370 underperforming stores
b Report re-emphasizes the dangers of payday loans
b Cause of fatal Asiana crash to be released Tuesday
m WHO sends protective equipment to help Ebola outbreak in Congo
e St. Patrick's Day 2014 Parade & Recipes: Top 5 Corned Beef and Cabbage  ...
e Joan Rivers Refuses Apology For Cleveland Kidnapping Victims
e Cory Monteith's Mom Opens Up About Actor's Death
b Allergan Board Rejects Valeant Bid
e Jenny McCarthy Will Marry Donnie Wahlberg 'In the Next Few Weeks'
t Samsung Galaxy S5 vs LG G3: Striving to be the best
e Miranda Lambert makes emergency landing in WV
e TMZ Releases Video Of Beyonce's Sister Solange Physically Attacking Jay-Z
e Celebrate International Happiness Day: Ways
b Tesla's Musk says company won't decide on Gigafactory site til year's end
t Look, Ma, no hands: Google to test 200 self-driving cars
b Asia stocks rise on earnings, await US growth data
e VIDEO: Brian Williams is sippin' on "Gin and Juice"
m Fear, cash shortages hinder West Africa's fight against deadly Ebola outbreak
t Tibetans Acquired Altitude Adaptation Genes From Ancient Human Relatives
m MERS: CDC confirms first US case of Middle East respiratory syndrome
m First US MERS patient improving, gets ready for discharge
t Graco expands buckle recall to infant car seats
e Game of Thrones: 10 ways to avoid spoilers
e Gwyneth Paltrow & Chris Martin Split: What Went Wrong?
b Toyota said to reach $1.2 billion settlement of US probe
m House bill would roll back school lunch rules
e Chris Brown could be released from jail in as little as 72 hours
t Here Are Five Attributes The HTC One M8 Offers The Galaxy S5 Does Not
t Apple iPhone 6 Facing July Production With Foxconn Set to Hire 100k Workers
e Here's a recording of Britney Spears without AutoTune
m Study Finds Bacteria Live for Days on Airplanes - How to Protect Yourself
b On Carney's latest own goal
e Robert Pattinson living in Kristen Stewart's home?
m 3.4% of US Adults Don't Identify as Straight, Health Survey Finds
b IBM Q2 revenue drops, earnings beat estimates; shares fluctuate
e Dancing with the Stars Recap: Monday, March 31, 2014
t Galaxy S5 Zoom To Be Unveiled On April 29th As Samsung Galaxy K
t Google joins Reset the Net, offers end-to-end mail encryption
e Kim Jung Un Will Probably Watch Seth Rogen's Movie About Assassinating Him
t Global Warming: too warm for comfort
e Chairman of the Board: Hobie Alter shaped surfing and parenting (+video)
e VIDEO: Kim Kardashian Swims With Dolphins During Mexico Honeymoon
b Comcast-Time Warner Cable deal would create formidable giant
b Post offices likely won't be busy on Tax Day
e Harry Styles Cuddles Adorable Puppy, 'Annoyed' At One Direction Drug Scandal
b Iraq Ignites Gasoline ETF
m West Nile mosquito spraying set for Wednesday in north Sac
e Ratings: Series Finale Draws Highest 'How I Met Your Mother' Audience In History
e Watch Brad Pitt in the first trailer for tank movie Fury
m West African Countries Agree for Common Strategy to Battle Ebola
e The Rolling Stones Pay Tribute To Bobby Womack In Belgium
t #GlobalSelfie Trend Visualized
e Guardians Of The Galaxy Already Breaking Records For 2014
b Greenpeace Activists Arrested For Blocking Gazprom Drilling Rig
b HK currency intervention is a positive sign
e Preview 'True Blood' Season 7 Episode 2 'I Found You'
t Apple and IBM forge partnership that could boost iPhones, iPads in the workplace
b Business Highlights
t WMT Walmart Slashed iPhone Prices: Is This a Signal That Apple Will Launch…
e '22 Jump Street' Has Its Moments
m California bill to require warning labels on sugary drinks dies
t Audi to bundle Apple CarPlay in new vehicles from 2015
b Jobs drive Dow, S&P to records in short session
b BHP Billiton rethinks portfolio
e Olivia Palermo Wedding Dress: What Did The LookBook Style Queen Wear On  ...
b LANSNER: Toyota to Texas is a 10-gallon loss
e Newlyweds Kim and Kanye honeymooning in Ireland
b Heartbleed: Canada Revenue Agency and Mumsnet become first victims of  ...
b Highlights on Block Activity and Options Trading for Yum Brands (YUM)
m HPV Vaccine Does Not Increase VTE Risk, Says New Study
b European economic recovery not strong enough to make dent in near-record  ...
t Titanfall DLC map pack Expedition detailed
b Toyota outsells Volkswagen, GM in first half on rising demand for SUVs
b Whole Foods Feels The Heat
t Report: Google to buy San Francisco-based Twitch video streaming company for  ...
b Why Has Trading Volume On The S&P Dropped?
b Washington Pot Shops Prepare for Start of Legal Weed Sales
e Desire, ice, and fire: 'Game of Thrones' returns for fourth season
t What's next for the Internet?
b Stocks rise; Dow sets record, Nasdaq sees weekly fall
b HP plans up to another 16000 job cuts despite profit growth
e 'Modern Family' star Sofia Vergara splits from fiance Nick Loeb
b Nevada will dump Xerox as health insurance exchange contractor
e Palcohol powdered alcohol approval was an error
e Easter Sunday observed in Meghalaya
t Apple to Launch HomeKit and HealthKit Ready Wearable Product Next Month
b Michaels data breach included 4 Tucson stores, 1 Aaron Brothers
b VIDEO: Transportation secretary urges Congress to act on Highway Trust Fund
t Google Glass gets KitKat, video calls killed off
t Microsoft: 18000 Layoffs Painful Way to Clean Up Ballmer's Mess, Says Street
e Captain America dominates US cinemas
b American Apparel Fires Its Founder And CEO 'For Cause'
e Angelina Jolie: 'I would consider running for political office'
t Devs requesting Early Access for Xbox too
t See into YouTube's near future with new Creator Previews
t Microsoft Announce 5 Million Xbox One's Sold but the Information is Misleading
e Deliver Us From Evil: Edgar Ramirez Exorcism Interview
t Microsoft (MSFT) May Alter Several Mobile Device Product Names Over Next  ...
e James Gunn dropped some hints at the possible story to be explored in  ...
e Robert Downey Jr. Wants Son Off Drugs But 'Can't Force Indio To Seek Help  ...
e WATCH: Cameron Diaz, Jason Segel 'Sex Tape' red-band movie trailer [VIDEO]
m FDA program aims to expedite access to high-risk medical devices
b Tesla abandons 'Model E' trademark
e Wheel of Fury? Pat Sajack Goes on Bizarre Global Warming Rant
t FCC chairman's explanations don't calm net neutrality fears
b Crude oil rises to near US$107 a barrel as Iraq fighting stokes supply concerns
e LINDSAY LOHAN LIST OF GUYS SHE SLEPT WITH; FIND OUT IF YOUR  ...
m First case of Chikungunya virus reported in Sedgwick County
e Kim 'so attentive' with North
m Tampa labs are top Florida Medicare recipients
t Xbox One Servers 'Essential' For Titanfall Resolution And AI
t Revealed: NSA plans to hack potentially millions of computers
b Search for Malaysian plane continues as frustrations grow
e Star Wars: Episode VII welcomes newcomers Crystal Clarke and Pip Anderson
t FBI says BlackShades malware infected half million computers
e Actor Michael Jace, who played a police officer...
e 'American Idol' winner Scotty McCreery and roommates are victims of a home  ...
b Home resales rise 1.3% in April as housing market heats up
b Libya expects to increase il exports; crude slips below US$104 a barrel
e Caliente Cinco de Mayo
b Hundreds sign up for health coverage
m Livestream: Oscar Pistorius trial – day 33
t Mustang Anniversary Photo Gallery
t Sony to start selling PlayStation in China
t Facebook's "Nearby Friends" Feature is Great News for Creepers
b Etihad rescues Alitalia from 'abyss' with deal to take 49%
e Jay Leno Joins Anti-Brunei Demonstration at Beverly Hills Hotel
e SNL spoofs Solange, Jay Z, and Beyoncé
t What's next in wake of newly announced Apple-IBM partnership
b Argentina Mulls Legal Options in Debt Dispute
t Google Glass Gets Memory Boost to 2GB, New Software Features
t Sony Reveals Project Morpheus VR Headset at GDC 2014
e Hangout Fest food more than your average carnival variety
t Avast forum hack results in user passwords being compromised
e 'Game of Thrones' Season Premiere Recap: 'Two Swords' Kicks Things Off with  ...
e Is Tony Soprano Dead? David Chase Gives Us The Answer We Never Knew We  ...
b Four nations urge U.S. gas exports
e Chris Martin reportedly had affair prior to Gwyneth Paltrow split
e Movie review: How to Train Your Dragon 2 flies high
e 'Star Wars: Episode VII' Has Stormtroopers, Thumbs Up From Kevin Smith
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Tizen OS Powered Variant Rumored
b Subway: 'Yoga mat chemical' almost out of bread
e Angelina Jolie Shows Off Her Pretty Fairy Wings In New Maleficent Poster, Teaser
e Fans push artists to 'crush it' at Bonnaroo Music & Arts Festival in Manchester  ...
e Josh Elliott exiting 'GMA' for NBC Sports
t Google Glass launched to the UK public
e Jennifer Aniston doesn't want people to tell her she looks great for her age
t Google's Self-Driving Car Is Self-Driving Around DC
e McHale's Navy star succumbs to cancer
e Robert De Niro Shakes and Sobs as He Talks About His Gay Dad
e Minor League Team Names Hotdog In Honor Of Johnny Football
e Stephen Colbert to replace David Letterman on Saturday Night Live
m Pfizer reports promising results for cancer-fighting drug
b United Kingdom sees surprise slump in May factory output
m Lorillard profit falls 17 percent
t Leaked images show the Android TV controller
b Dollar Steady As U.K. Inflation Silences BoE Rate Hike Chatter
e A Blessed Palm Sunday
t Google Clocks Up 700k Self-Driven Miles
e Danny Boyle Leonardo DiCaprio for Steve Jobs movie?
m Regular rows linked to early death
b Mt. Gox Says It Found 200000 Bitcoins In Old 'Forgotten' Wallet, Creditors  ...
t Google Offers Cash Incentives To Users Through Its Google Apps Referral  ...
m Priority Review, sBLA Granted for Cervical Cancer Tx
t Amazon Set Top Box May Be Unveiled Next Week
b The Federal Reserve's interest rate dilemma
b Forex - GBP/USD weekly outlook: June 16 - 20
e The scary past of former 'Sons of Guns' star — and alleged rapist — Will Hayden
e Shia LaBeouf Led Out of Broadway Show “Cabaret” in Handcuffs
e 'The Lion And The Rose' Earns 'Game Of Thrones' Another Piracy Record
t Anger over date site 'experiments'
e Mumbai: Youth of Infant Jesus Church, Dombivli enact the Way of Cross
e VIDEO: Neil Patrick Harris Chats Lead Role in 'HEDWIG' on GMA
b Alibaba set to raise billions in record Wall Street debut
b TAXING PENALTIES
m Posted: March 27, 2014 - 7:15 pm ET
m Breast cancer 2nd leading cause of death in African American women
m Scientists euphoric as they find antibodies against MERS
b China Economy is Stabilising but yet to Bottom Out: HSBC
b Euro inflation drops ahead of likely rate cut
t Is This What Internet Providers Will Look Like if Net Neutrality Disappears?
b Fed Homes in On 'Shadow Banking'
b Facebook's Zuckerberg Rakes in $3.3B in Stock Option Gains in '13
m MARTY HELDENBERG: Mental illness month observed
b Nasdaq Leads after Strong Tech Earnings
m Remote Controlled Contraceptive Chip a Possibility by 2018
t T. Rex Arrives in Washington, DC
e Weekend Wrap-Up
e Guitarist Dick Wagner dies aged 71
t We want to work with India's start-up community: Sridhar Ramaswamy
t US agency probes Nissan Versa over speed control
b 41M Americans expected to travel during 3-day July Fourth weekend
e Jenny McCarthy announces engagement on 'The View'
t 2015 Corvette Convertible: Is This Your Dream Car? [Watch]
e Dolly Parton Dazzles Crowds At Glastonbury
t Microsoft's Rumoured Wearable Is More Fitness-Tracker Than Smartwatch
m Selfless Mom Almost Gets Crushed Under Her Own Car to Save Her Twin  ...
m Relay for Life Friday night at GW
e Father's Day 2014: Adorable and Cute Pictures of Prince William and Baby George
m Some US States Have More Painkiller Prescriptions Than People
b Despite Recurrent Warnings, FedEx Corporation (NYSE:FDX) Engages In An  ...
e Bad Words teaches us to spell NASTY: review
e Game of Thrones- The Lion and The Rose review: Jack Gleeson shines in this  ...
t Heartbleed — A VAR's Preparedness Kit
e Zach Galifianakis to Star As a Clown in New FX Comedy Baskets
e Khloe Kardashian shares birthday photos with French Montana
m Booze brand references in pop music could drive teens to binge drink
t Samsung Galaxy S5: What they're talking about
t Apple, Google settle smartphone patent war
m Serious Motor Vehicle Crashes are Common during Second Trimester of  ...
t President Obama Establishes Task Force To Save Bees
e Angry Birds Transformers Game and Telepods Set To Debut Soon
b Clinton Global Initiative releases details on participants in Denver meetings
e 'The Bachelorette': Bad Guy Nick Viall Is 'Not Going To Stop Anytime Soon'
m Eating Gluten Free
m Man who met MERS patient has virus, not sick: CDC
e Justin Bieber Detained by Authorities at LAX
e Brad Pitt on 'Maleficent' Attacker: 'He's Going to Get Stomped'
e Review: 'Get on Up' can't find the right groove
b Hillshire Brands buying Pinnacle Foods for $6.6bn
t Japan abides International Court of Justice ruling to halt whaling program
t Microsoft: Internet Explorer Security Flaw Responsible For “Limited, Targeted  ...
m Vegan Diet Aid in Weight Loss and Lowering Heart Disease Risk
t Qualcomm acquires Wilocity to boost WiGig
t Governments disrupt botnet “Gameover ZeuS” and ransomware “Cryptolocker”
m 2-Year-Old Amputee Says 'I Got It' Repeatedly As He Learns to Walk
m Rare "flesh-eating" bacteria invades Sarasota County, Fla.
b SanDisk and Fusion-io: Sign of the (Consolidated) Times
b Pilgrim's Trumps Tyson In Hillshire Bid As Talks Begin
e American Idol 2014 Recap: Season 13 Top 6 Perform — April 23, 2014
t 'Blood Moon' Over Eastern Oklahoma - NewsOn6.com - Tulsa, OK - News  ...
e Katy Perry launches her own record label, signs first artist
t Google makes U-turn on deletion of link about ex-Merrill boss O'Neal.
b Texas power company that burned Warren Buffett files for bankruptcy
e Happy! Three cheers for the desi version
m Call to raise taxes on tobacco – WHO
m Now or never? Ohio pins hopes on GOP convention
b Pfizer signals open to hostile option for AstraZeneca
b GS Stock – Goldman, Morgan Stanley Results Beat Estimates
e TV review: FX's 'Tyrant'
m Organ Transplant Board Votes To Allow Exception To Under 12 Rule To Remain  ...
e 'Bachelorette' Finale Recap: Andi Dorfman Is Engaged but It's Bittersweet
t China Mobile offers a first peek at its iPhone sales numbers
b Mahindra debuts Michigan facilities for tech manufacturing
b Average US 30-year mortgage rate falls to 4.21 pct
t Facebook study: More fallout as journal editors voice concern over data collection
m Officials: 'Drastic action' needed in worst ever Ebola outbreak; nearly 500 dead
e McCartney back on stage after virus
e 2014 Critics' Choice TV Awards: 'Big Bang Theory', 'Good Wife' and 3 More Lead  ...
e Pregnant Kourtney Kardashian displays her maternity style in striped T-shirt  ...
t Microsoft Details New Features with Windows 8.1 Update 1 Power User Guide
t Google Glass On Sale in UK for £1000
t This Might Be the Most Infuriating Customer Service Call Ever
b Benefits to rise for Medicare Advantage plans
m School votes to re-admit girl barred for shaving head
m Ebola Is a Formidable Enemy
e JK Rowling Releases New 'Harry Potter' Story, Has 'No Plans' For Book 8
e American Idol recap: A Lovely Night
e Future and Kanye West talk trophy wives on new song 'I Won'
e Freddie Prinze Jr.: Kiefer Made Me Want to Quit Acting
b Gold holds gains as dollar drops after Fed; platinum climbs
b Yellen: Job market needs to improve
e Jay Z - Jay Z And Beyonce Trek On Track To Be Second Best-selling Tour Per  ...
e Morgan Freeman Inhaling Helium Goes Viral (Video)
b GameStop Corp. Misses Q4 Estimates; Shares Sink (GME)
m Study sheds light on cannabis and paranoia
m Different strain of Ebola resurfaces in Congo
e From Glee to gross: why Lea Michele's sexy new male gigolo boyfriend Matthew  ...
b Closures, cuts for Family Dollar
t Thousands of blue sea creatures wash ashore in San Francisco
m Stockpiles of Tamiflu a waste of money, studies conclude
m Many young parents believe that electronic cigarettes are less harmful than  ...
t HTC One 2014 goes on sale before the announcement
b Aust bond futures rally on FOMC minutes
t Hands on with Carousel: Dropbox's play to be the center of your photography  ...
t Twitter takes popular Tweetdeck app offline due to hacking
e Lindsay Lohan Confirms Leaked Sex List Part of AA Recovery
t Regulators Close Investigation Into Tesla Model S Fires
e Miley Cyrus Gets A New Puppy After Dog's Death: Morning Mix
b Americans borrow less than 25% of college costs in 2013: study
m Watching TV for Three or More Hours Increases the Death Risk, Says Study
e Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Screens First Footage Ahead Of New Trailer
t Apple and Motorola shake hands, ask courts to dismiss their patent lawsuits
b Crude Slips To Monthly Low, Natural Gas Plummets
e Hip hop star Rick Ross arrested in North Carolina for failing to show up to court  ...
b Fred Hiatt: Russia's bogus claim on Crimea
e Queen's honour for Jolie and Sutton
e Clooney slams Daily Mail for 'dangerous' report on mother-in-law
e Thor switches genders. Is Marvel being politically correct?
e Tickets still available for giant Wireless festival in Brum
t Apple, Comcast Working on Set-Top Box Deal: Report
b US: New Home Sales Down 2.4% in July
t Microsoft Surface Pro 3: First Impressions
t Suzuki Recalls 184000 GM-Built Cars after Fire Reports
e Rihanna Stuns in See-Thru Gown at the 'Oscars of Fashion'
t When, where, and how to buy the Galaxy S5
t Starbucks To Install Wireless Charging Stations In Shops
t WWE signs historic broadcast, multimedia deal with Rogers Communications in  ...
e 'The Voice' Welcomes Gwen Stefani, Says Goodbye to Bria Kelly and Tess Boyer
b Coca-Cola FEMSA is Now Oversold (KOF)
m Are routine pelvic exams 'more harm than good' for healthy women?
e Question of the Day
t NASA to launch new global warming satellite after old one plunged into ocean
t Thousands Of Blue Sea Creatures Called Velella Velellas Wash Ashore In  ...
b RBA Board leaves cash rate unchanged at 2.5 per cent
m Reynolds American rolling out e-cig operation Monday in Forsyth Co.
t Moto X+1 Price, Specifications, Colors, Release Date and Image Leaked
b Bertha won't dig until at least March
e Frances Bean Cobain confronts Lana Del Rey over death comments
b Geithner's 'Stress Test': Memorial Day Beach Reading?
b Janet Yellen to put Fed's new leadership on display
e Actor Eli Wallach, star of 'Good, Bad and the Ugly' and 'The Magnificent...
b TJX Joins Retail Crowd Posting Disappointing Q1
e National Corvette Museum's Sinkhole Could Be Here To Stay
e Clashes kill 21 Iraqi troops south of Baghdad
e 'A Million Ways to Die in the West' set to hit Indian theatres this June
b Mt. Gox Has Found 200,00 Bitcoins In Old Wallet
t US privacy watchdog EPIC files complaint before FTC against Facebook
m Study finds H5N1 bird flu virus mutations allow transmit among mammals
t Google Inc (GOOG)'s Nest Labs Rolls Out Developer Program
m Is this the new SARS?
e Jackman eyes Wolverine in Avengers
b Some Fed officials saw investors as overly complacent on risks
e Paul Mccartney Debuts Robot Pal Newman In New Video.
b RBI will likely remain on an extended pause on interest rate
m Dose of sunshine cuts blood pressure
e Director Bryan Singer accused of abuse
b Sacci Calls On Government to Protect Workers and Business From Numsa Strike
t Apple Closes Deal to Buy Beats for $3 Billion
b Single-Family Home Sales Dip in July
t Apple Inc. (AAPL) Surges on Strong Earnings, Shares Buyback, Stock Split
e 'Scandal' just got real for Columbus Short: Why he can't pull off a Charlie Sheen  ...
b Bitcoin Currency Use Impeded by IRS Property Treatment
b Lady Gaga water conservation video released after Hearst Castle scandal
e These Strangers Kissing Each Other Is a Surprising Testament To Equality
m Topless woman trashes McDonald's, stops to get ice cream
b DAILY BRIEFING: Wall St. report
b Mortgage rates move higher following Federal Reserve meeting
e 'Avengers: Age of Ultron' Director Joss Whedon Apologizes for Filming in Korea  ...
e Azalea matches Beatles' 50-year US chart milestone with Fancy
t Gravitational waves provide strong evidence for inflation
b U.K. Inflation Rate Falls to Lowest Since 2009 on Motor Fuel
e He Loves His Art! Leonardo DiCaprio Hits Freeze Art Fair
b Virginia jobless rate falls below 5%
b Oil Prices Swell as Iraq Tension Heats Up
m Scientists map how our faces betray our feelings
b China say background checks on Chinese on missing jet find no terror links
e Walters, Timberlake boost ABC in ratings
t Tomorrow, Diablo III's Auction House Will Burn to the Ground
e Game Of Thrones season 4: LOADS of spoilers from HBO, Lena Headey, John  ...
t GM recalls nearly 430000 more cars due to transmission issues
b Three suspects in custody in Turkey mine disaster probe
e Rolf Harris jailed for nearly six years
e 'Mad Men' Season 7 premiere recap, 'Time Zones'
e 'Dancing With the Stars' Season 18, Episode 4: TV Recap
e Sue Townsend, creator of Adrian Mole, dies aged 68
e Seth Rogen and James Franco spoof Kanye West and Kim Kardashian's Vogue  ...
b What Will Happen If You File Late Tax Return?
t Apple Q2 Earnings: Revenue Up $2 Billion
m Mystery rash linked to nickel in iPad
t VIDEO: Pinterest Gets Hacked With Butt Pics
b US new-home sales fall to four-month low
t Google comes to the UK and launches a line of glass frames with Diane von  ...
e SDCC 2014: Guardians Of The Galaxy Cosplay Parade Featuring… Mostly  ...
e Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez Reunite at Texas Starbucks Following Miami  ...
m The FDA Must Tread Lightly
e Justin Bieber shares video of Tom Hanks dancing at wedding
e Outraged by Kim and Kanye's Vogue cover? Maybe you need an attitude  ...
t Rocket for deep-space travel gets NASA green light
b J.C. Penney: Have The Bulls Won? (JCP)
e Easter Sunday services in Franklin County and area
e 'Glee' Alert: Chris Colfer Is Not Leaving The Show
e Tom Hanks may work together Steven Spielberg
e Shia LaBeouf arrested and charged by cops after disrupting Broadway show
t NUAN: Samsung Sale Rumors Send Nuance Stock Soaring
t Forget Samsung: Jury Foreman Suggests Apple Should Sue Google, Instead
e Mehgan McCain Could Be Next In Line To Join 'The View'
e Deadmau5 to play closing set for UMF post Avicii's hospitalisation
e Troubled popstar Justin Bieber detained at LAX airport
b Corn near 4-month low as US crop rating best in 20 years
b BHP Billiton eyes possible £11bn mining demerger
t GM recall to include loaners, cash
e Jimmy Fallon's fast start on 'Tonight' show beyond executives' dreams
b European central banks renew gold agreement: ECB
t Google just declared war on Amazon: Compute, storage cloud prices cut
e George Brett -- I'M FINALLY GONNA MEET LORDE ... After Inspiring 'Royals'
e Avicii Hospitalized for Gall Bladder Surgery
b Consumer morale in EU picks up on job, inflation hopes
e Watch: Two New Action Packed Clips From The Amazing Spider-Man 2
b Drugmaker Shire agrees to pound sterling32-bn AbbVie takeover
e Rapper Macklemore apologizes for offensive costume mocking Jewish people
e Chris Soules Is The New Bachelor And Arie Luyendyk Jr. Is 'Pissed Off'
e 'Peanuts' Trailer: Charlie Brown And Snoopy Are Back!
e Benzino's Nephew Held Without Bail After Shooting His Reality Star Uncle
e 8 tips for planning your next vacation to Universal Orlando Resort
e Cast turnover hits 'SNL'
e George's dad 'thrilled' at engagement
b US Authorities Conduct Criminal Investigation Against Herbalife
e Valerie Harper Says Her 'Time Is Looking Good - Today'
m Deaths in Florida due to pain killers, other drugs drop. Thanks to tougher measures
m Reports: Pistorius not mentally ill during killing
e Superman reigns in the rain in new image from 'Batman v Superman'
t Google Maps Pokemon Master Challenge Real? April Fools' Day Prank Actually  ...
b Following NAVER's LINE, KakaoTalk Now Reportedly Being Blocked in  ...
b Gov't proposes full fee disclosure for airlines
b Deal Allows Tesla To Continue Selling Cars In Ohio
m US health secretary steps down in fallout over bungled Obamacare
e Filming Underway For Whitey Bulger Movie In Cambridge
t Microsoft resists US government demand to seize offshore emails
t Apple hires TAG Heuer sales director, suggesting iWatch could be Swiss made
b Etihad Airways unveils new classes and in-flight products for A380 and 787 fleet
e Godzilla director to helm Star Wars spin-off
m UPDATE 1-Ohio mumps outbreak at 63 cases, spreads beyond university
m Florida eye doctor emerges as top-paid doc in nation, data shows
b 'Band on the run' for China's yuan
t Facebook Faces UK Inquiry for Manipulating People's Emotions
e Macklemore apologizes for costume that offended some
e 'Noah' gives Old Testament the Hollywood treatment
b Smartphones running BB10 OS to come pre-loaded with Amazon Appstore for  ...
e So Fresh So Clean: 15 Dope Michael Jackson Style Moments [Photos]
e Friday the 13th was record-breaking for Alex Trebek
b 2nd LD Writethru: Investigators fault pilots' "mismanagement" in Asiana flight
e 'Once Upon a Time' Season 4 Casts 'Frozen' Characters
t Google glass (stylized simply as GLASS) is the first wearable computer.
e As James Franco Insists People Want His Provocative Instagrams: Top 10  ...
b Daily Nugget: Gold At A 2-Month High
m Skin cancer rates almost double in South West
t Nissan, Honda add more than 2 million cars to air bag recall
b Bank Of America's Stock Plunges By 6% After $4 Billion Capital Plan Blunder
t Disabled models a staple of Nordstrom catalogs
t AAA Michigan: Gas prices fall about 9 cents in past week; statewide average is  ...
b US disappointed with India's WTO stand: Penny Pritzker, US commerce secretary
e Kate Winslet - Kate Winslet Thrilled With Walk Of Fame Turn-out So Soon After  ...
b Stable job growth, but wages have yet to budge
e Ann B. Davis of 'Brady Bunch' fame dies at age 88
t How Will Regulators Chaperone the Big Merger Dance?
t Police: Don't use Internet Explorer
e James Franco Explains Nearly Naked Instagram Photo [VIDEO]
t Interview: David Lauren Speaks On Ralph Lauren's New "Smart Shirts" and  ...
e AraabMuzik "Summer Time" (Lana Del Rey cover)
m About 12 million U.S. outpatients misdiagnosed annually : study
b New Mexico: 57 Nuke Containers Could Be Threat
b Family Dollar to cut jobs, shut 370 stores as sales fall
t Net-Neutrality Advocates Angered by FCC's Planned New Rules
e A Suit That Fits Blog
m Humans Able to Smell Over One Trillion Scents
b UPDATE 2-FDA bans imports from Sun Pharma plant in India crackdown
m Japan Tops Life Expectancy: WHO
e Andrew Lloyd Webber hails TS Eliot as the father of rap as Cats returns to the  ...
t 'Mario Kart 8' fails to stem growing Nintendo losses
b Symantec terminates employment of President and CEO Steve Bennett
e GWAR frontman Dave Brockie found dead in his home
b The 450 Companies That Still Have Indian Mascots
b Today's Hot Stocks: Level 3 Communications, Inc. (LVLT), Sequenom, Inc  ...
t Apple, IBM team up on mobile devices for business
e 'Star Wars' cast now in Abu Dhabi
e Turns out, Hello Kitty is a British 'girl' not a 'cat'
e Happy 25th Anniversary, Seinfeld! Prepare To Read A Post About Nothing
b PRECIOUS-Gold slips as dollar firms on strong US data, rate hike talk
m Endo, BDSI buoyed as PhIII pain drug success clears path to FDA
t Further Steam controller development pushes Steam Machines into 2015
e 'Game of Thrones' Sneak Peek: 'Oathkeeper' Shows Cersei Going Mad for  ...
b Don't Be Fooled by the PPI: Inflation Is Coming
b Honda net profit jumps 19.6% to $1.4 billion
e The Pulse of Entertainment: 'Blended' Full of Laughs and Sentimental Moments
e Comic Book With The First Appearance Of Superman Sells For...$3.2 Million
t Engineering an alternative to a fossil carbon overdose
b Reports: Ford CEO Mulally to Retire Earlier
t Wall Street's Augury: Red Hat Inc (NYSE:RHT)
m 11 Call For Action Investigation: Does Your Sunscreen Live Up To Its Claims?
m Foster Farms Recalling Chicken Due to Salmonella Outbreak
e Latest 'Transformers' signals call for series reboot
t Meteor shower peaks on Earth Day
t Microsoft Will Shut Down Xbox Entertainment Studios
t GM, safety agency face Congress over recalls
e Robert Downey Jr Reacts Calmly After Son, Indio, Arrested For Cocaine  ...
b Kim Dotcom Mocks Authorities As His New Cloud Company Is Valued At $180  ...
t Cygnus Docks With ISS, Unloading Cargo To Station
b Shire flags new drugs in AbbVie defence
e Game of Thrones: A Song of the Sofa
t Small step by FCC; giant leap for Netflix users?
e Kreitner celebrates 15th annual Cinco de Mayo festival
t Microsoft Faces Challenge Bringing Nokia Business Into The Fold
t AT&T Makes GM Cars a Data Plan Add-On
b McDonald's at war with Taco Bell, offers free coffee
b CMS to sweeten Medicare Advantage deal
t T-Mobile US, AT&T, Sprint to launch HTC One (M8) on their networks
b Analysis: South China Sea Stand-off Led to Mob
b Stocks are mixed at start of a busy earnings week
m Surgeon General warns about tanning
m 1 in 68 Children Now Has a Diagnosis of Autism Spectrum Disorder. Why?
t Not All Dinosaurs Were Warm-Blooded, Study Finds
b US stock index breaks through all-time high
t Makers of 'Threes' call '2048' a broken clone
e Miley Cyrus denies she's joining the X Factor UK judging panel: 'Simon Cowell  ...
e Michael Jace Charged with Murder of Wife; Autopsy Rules Death a 'Homicide'
e 'The Voice' Battle Rounds Begin Tonight!
b Things go from 'bad' to 'less bad' for BlackBerry
t Got Windows 8.1 Update yet? Get ready for YET ANOTHER ONE – rumor
m Medical marijuana may be effective in alleviating MS symptoms, review says
t Cosmic history glimpsed within digital universe
e Brad and Angelina won't change security detail
b rats in the granary
e Man who helped create GI Joe dies
e Lana Del Rey angrily responds to 'I wish I was dead' quote: Singer unleashes  ...
e Phil Collins donating extensive Alamo artifacts
t Microsoft Faces Mysterious Inquiry by Chinese Government
t Google Maps seeks Pokemon Master for April Fools' Day
b European Central Bank's policy, stress tests weighing on bank credit: BBVA
e Wilmore to debut 'Minority Report' in Colbert's time slot on Comedy Central
t Japan ordered to halt whaling program
b Russia says EU should be "ashamed" over sanctions
b Govt raises £4.2bn through Lloyds share sale
b MARKET SNAPSHOT: US Stocks Edge Lower; Nike Up On Earnings
b Motorola Solutions Price Target Lowered to $67.00 at MKM Partners (MSI)
e Bible epics like 'Noah' setting sail
m The Best (And Worst) Country To Be A Mom
m Terminally-Ill Zoo Worker gets a Goodbye Kiss from Giraffes [ Video]
m Forgotten vials of smallpox found in storage room at NIH campus in Bethesda
t Google giving public a shot at Glass on tax day
e Cinco de Mayo celebrations this weekend in Tarrant County
t NASA's moon-orbiting robot crashes into lunar surface, likely vaporized
b Facebook confirms LiveRail purchase
e AAPL: Apple CEO Tim Cook Marches in Gay Pride Parade
b Beef, cars, electronics targeted in Japan-Australia trade pact
e Zach Galifianakis Is Heading Back to TV
t Nokia launches its second cheap Android phone, the X2
e L'Wren Scott Representative Denies Business Problems
b Consumer Watch: Fourth of July travel
e Miley Cyrus Performs In Her Underwear At "Bangerz" Concert [Photo]
m Seminole is 3rd in Florida's 2014 county health rankings
e This July 4th, Let's Pick a New National Anthem
m Congress Retreats to Temporary Fix to Medicare Doc Payments for 17th Time
b Target Results Hurt Execs' Pay
t China bans Windows 8 from government PCs
e Marquez: The passing of a master & the power of words
t Morrisey: Apple Inc. settlement is an important victory for elec - WBOY.com  ...
t Samsung vies to outstrip Apple with new tablets
t FCC spikes Sprint with $7.5m fine over Do Not Call violation
b ECB monitors impact of last month's anti-deflationary measures
t Google Wearables to Be in Fashion
e 'Leaked' Star Wars VII Footage By YouTube User Frank Wunderlich Amazing  ...
e Miriam O'Callaghan: 'I looked at him and he looked at me, and that was it'
t Harley-Davidson: Hits the Dirt!
e Cody Simpson eliminated on week 5 of 'Dancing With the Stars'
e 'Dancing with the Stars' eliminates Cody Simpson and professional partner  ...
e 'American Idol' Recap: 'I'm With The Band'
e Pretty Hurts: Woman Spends $30K In Plastic Surgery To Look Like Kim  ...
b Storm Shield is a life-saving app that is like a NOAA Emergency Weather Radio  ...
b DMV credit card hack hits thousands in California
m Allen Lund Co. raises $63000 for American Cancer Society
t The Creation Museum Wants Some Airtime on Neil deGrasse Tyson's 'Cosmos'
e Midge Ure speaks of 'disbelief and horror' following death of Peaches Geldof
t Video: Dirt Farmer Trumps Business Man In New Ford Commercial
e Aguilera staying fearless, confident
b EPA considers forcing companies to disclose fracking chemicals and safety studies
b Hong Kong democracy debate puts business on spot
m Pregnancy significantly increases risk of serious traffic crashes: Study 0
m Whooping cough jab revolution urged after Cambridge study
m Sierra Leone Samples Show Ebola Virus Circulating in West Africa Since 2006
t SpaceX cancels space station cargo run after discovering helium leak
e Box Office: 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' to Rule Memorial Day Weekend With  ...
e Pharrell Williams Takes Over 'Saturday Night Live' With 'Happy' & That Hat
b $GLD, Gold Is The Most Bullish Since 2012
t SpaceX's Dragon on way to International Space Station
m CDC tells parents, doctors to watch for measles
e Peaches Geldof's father Sir Bob to “echo” wedding speech at her funeral tomorrow
e US: HGTV pulls plug on reality show after host outed as anti-gay activist
e Reel Reviews: No fault with these stars
m You may want to avoid these 9 meals, they pack a fat punch
b US Department of Justice investigating General Motors recall
t What Is Net Neutrality? Here's a Simple Explanation
t Apple and IBM Partner Up For Tech Growth
e Twerking 101: Miley Cyrus College Course Coming (Recap)
t MIT students raise $500000 to give every undergraduate on campus $100 worth  ...
t Supreme Court rules Aereo has to pay broadcasters
t Toyota to launch new fuel cell car
e LeVar Burton Wants to Resurrect Reading Rainbow Online
m Coming To A Bar Bathroom Near You: Pregnancy Tests!
e Poll: The Eurovision Song Contest . . . does it matter?
m First Lady Will Fight to 'Bitter End' to Protect New School Lunch Standards
m 'Surgeons printed me an entire new skull': Father makes surgical history using  ...
e John Carney: CeeLo gets nervous
b Existing-home sales fall to lowest level since 2012
e Teenage hunter under fire for posing with dead animals on Facebook
e Tori Spelling - Tori Spelling admits her heart is broken
e Hop into Easter with a local chocolatier
e Bangerz Backstage: Watch Miley Cyrus Go Behind-The-Scenes Of Bangerz Tour
e Practically All Of Hollywood Sang Goodbye To 'Chelsea Lately' On Its Final  ...
b Are racy ads out along with Dov Charney at American Apparel?
b More Thoughts about Potential for QE from the ECB
e 'Guardians' blasts Marvel on new path
e Lupita Nyong'o - Lupita Nyong'o And Scarlett Johnasson Close To Signing On  ...
e Abbott shocked at Harris outcome
e Grace and Frankie: Netflix Orders Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin Comedy
t Rare Meteor Shower to Brighten UAE Sky This Weekend
t GM recalls 824000 more cars over ignition problem
t Harley-Davidson's First Electric Motorcycle Surprisingly Doesn't Suck
m Drug Company Will Send Experimental Drug To Dying St. Jude Patient
e Tupac Shakur Musical To Close on Broadway
e Leonardo DiCaprio rubbishes online death rumours
b 100 bodies found at the scene of plane disaster
m First Human-transmitted MERS Case Detected in US
m For the First Time, Stem Cells Were Created Specifically to Treat Disease
b Delays continue at Eurotunnel
t Facebook plans to step up News Feed video advertisements
e AC/DC guitarist Malcolm Young takes leave due to illness
b Crafts retailer Michaels prices IPO at $17/shr -NYT
t Aliens could be found within 20 years!
e ARIANA GRANDE NEW ALBUM ”MY EVERYTHING” [VIDEO]: WITH BIG SEAN  ...
t Sprint and Spotify is rumored to be partnering
e 'Game Of Thrones' Season 4 Recap: WHERE Is Lady Stoneheart? Will Arya  ...
e Rebecca Soteros' Booze Probelms Revealed! Paul Walker Ex Has Multiple DUI  ...
e Grown-up Harry Potter crashes website
e North Korea Upset Over Kim Jong-un Assassination Scene In The Interview
b Forget Selling, Small Caps Finally Join the Party
t Facebook is both caring and creepy
b Yuan $150 Billion Bet Inflates Dollar Swap: China Credit
t Pandora Media Inc (P) news: Pandora hiking subscription prices
m Mosquito-borne virus arrives a bit early this year
m (click the phrases to see a list)
b Trulia VP Scott Darling Unloads 13241 Shares (TRLA)
b IRS: Bitcoin is property not money
e Nicki Minaj Has a Wardrobe Malfunction at VMAs 2014 (Photo)
b The IRS Takes a Bite Out of Bitcoin
t Microsoft Surface Pro 3 or Apple MacBook Air (2014): Which should I buy?
e Deryck Whibley of Sum 41 hospitalized due to 'hard drinking'
e Candace Cameron Bure Asks for Prayer and Votes for 'Dancing with the Stars  ...
t Why the UK wants driverless cars on its roads by January
e Anika Myers Palm Orlando Sentinel
e Chris Pine Pleads Guilty to DUI in New Zealand
e It's The Bachelorette Finale: Will Andi Pick Josh or Nick?
t Intel's new Core i7 chip hits 5GHz
b Exxon issues report critical of climate change policies
e Country Star Kevin Sharp Dead at 43
e Premiering At The 2014 VMA's Is The Biggest Collabo Bang Bang
m Ebola virus: Top Sierra Leone doctor, Sheik Umar Khan, dies of disease
t Microsoft successfully fights off FBI gag order, but agency still got its way
e Wu-Tang Affiliated Rapper Defended By Fellow Rapper ... No Drug Use, Signs of  ...
t New Study Strengthens The Case Against Bigfoot Or Yetis
e Miley Cyrus Gets Emergency Restraining Order Against Crazed Fan
e Beyonce posts new pic to dispels reports of `all`s not well between her and sis`
e 'Draft Day' review: Kevin Costner stars in an NFL corporate ad that almost works  ...
t Forget about Nokia; remember Microsoft Mobile.
e OPINION: God's work evident on day of resurrection
e Hollywood Friday: Ready to go to the Amazon forest with 'Rio 2'?
b Intel Price Target Increased to $31.00 by Analysts at Canaccord Genuity (INTC)
b Qualcomm Inc. Shares Stumble After Disappointing Guidance
t Microsoft offices paid an unexpected visit by Chinese authorities
b 2 Former Pot Regulators Now Working For Pot Industry
t AAA: Md. drivers paying $3.67 per gallon for gas, up 4 cents; DC drivers paying  ...
b The Mink 3D printer lets you create your own custom-colored makeup
e Zach Galifianakis
t China bans Microsoft's Windows 8 on new government computers amid security  ...
b Posted by Muhammad Iqbal
e Cheerleader's hunting photos spark controversy
b BP oil spill: scientists struggling to understand effects four years later
t Facebook will mine your browsing history to target ads: Here's how you can stop it
b Google's Same-Day Delivery Service Coming to New York and LA
e Casey Kasem Quit One Of The Most Popular Cartoons Of All Time Because Of A  ...
e 'Veronica Mars' favorites debut film at SXSW
e Zac Efron dresses in drag for sketch with Seth Rogen, Jimmy Fallon
t Viber Finally Goes Flat With New iOS Design
b JPMorgan Chase to pump $100 million into Detroit
e Melissa McCarthy Slips Into Leather & Leopard For The Tammy Premiere! Wowza!
t Mars, Earth, And Sun to Align This Week
b Mt. Gox Found 200000 Missing Bitcoins
e 25 Reasons Why Beyonce And Jay Z Will Have The Hottest Couples Tour EVER
m Sun worshippers see spike in cases of skin cancer (w/video)
t Apple Inc. Launches New 16GB iPod Touch
e Stewart: Jackman's trailer is huge
b Measures will push inflation up, money-printing still possible: ECB
e ROCK MUSIC MENU: Highlights from the Rock Hall of Fame
b US stocks open lower as tech equities drop
b Usury in the USA
b Business Live: Mark Carney quizzed by MPs
e Juan Pablo Galavis: 'I'm not a bad guy'
t UPDATE 2-Red Hat raises revenue forecast on strong subscription growth
e Mom takes 'Kardashian circus' literally
b Citigroup, BofA likely to face US Justice Dept lawsuits
b Is simplifying the US tax code the best way to boost the economy?
t For one day only, anyone can buy Glass
e One Direction tickets see 79% increase on resale site following 'joint' smoking  ...
b BMW in final stages of decision on potential new factory
e Archie dies saving pro-gun control gay friend
b Upbeat Economic Data Leads To Early Strength On Wall Street - US Commentary
b Starbucks Opening Casual Dinning in LA
e 'Transcendence' Review: A Journey Into the Absurd
t Microsoft's NEW Surface Pro 3: The specs and prices
b Investors: Local Currency Bonds Still Too Risky
t Germany Bets On BlackBerry To Beat The NSA
e See Dave Grohl, Miley Cyrus, 50 Cent and More Wistfully Sing Off 'Chelsea Lately'
b Pfizer says keen to engage with AstraZeneca board
b Netflix Gives Official Thumbs-Down To TW/Comcast Merger
b NYMEX crude prices up in Asia with focus squarely on Iraq
t Nasa and Russian astronauts put Ukraine tensions behind them on board ISS
b Volkswagen e-Up! To Launch in China in Second Half Of 2014
b 26/05/2014Niger, Areva announce deal on uranium mine contracts
t Google Inc (GOOGL) is reportedly exploring Dropcam acquisition
e X-Men Film Director Bryan Singer Accused of Sexual Abuse
e 'Dragon' flies
t C Spire Launches Samsung Galaxy S® 5 on Its Network
t Google-Based Project Ara Arriving in January 2015, Says Reports
m Pet jerky dog deaths: FDA warns 'Made in USA' treat may use China ingredients
e Disney announces sequels to The Incredibles and, yes, Cars
t Rumor Mill: Google to launch Google Fit health tracking service
m Our opinion: Funding aid for jobless
e Couple makes a splash at their wedding
b Nervousness Palpable As Fed Decision Draws Near
m ( XTRM ) US Government Signs Off On Study Using Marijuana In Treatment of  ...
t 10 Facts About Windows XP's Enduring PC Market Presence
b FOREX-Dollar bulls in charge ahead of GDP and Fed tests
e L'Wren Scott leaves entire estate to Mick Jagger
b Pressure mounts on Bank of England to raise rates as inflation shows  ...
b CBO Report Points To Population Aging As Fuel For Structural Deficits
b US unemployment up as new jobs added
e Miley's New Single Art Features Her Entire Right Boob and a Blunt
e Daily Mail apologises to George Clooney over 'completely fabricated' story
t Global warming will create higher costs at grocery stores
e Report: Edgar Wright Walked Off Ant-Man After Major Script Changes By the Studio
e Movie Review: 'Transformers: Age of Extinction,' Starring Mark Wahlberg  ...
e 'Dad.... A few questions' - the full text of the email Bindi sent her father Rolf Harris
b Nvidia Q2 Profits Rise on Gaming, Datacenter Demand
e Kim Kardashian Writes Impassioned Essay On Racism And Discrimination
e Neil Young high-fidelity music player to launch March 15
b NM unemployment rate up, jobs down in February
e 'It wasn't fantastic.' Tori Spelling and Dean McDermott open up about their sex  ...
t Halo TV Series Close to Finalization
t Forget Samsung Galaxy S5, It's The S5 Mini & Note 4 Which Has Hype
b Barnes & Noble now working with Google for same-day delivery of books in  ...
e Kim Kardashian's Wedding: Flower Wall, Dinner Plans & More Revealed
e Snake handler refuses treatment for snake bite, months after dad's death
b China's 'shadow banking' sector valued at US$4.4 trillion
b Massachusetts home sales down, median prices up
b Moody's downgrades PREPA's ratings to Ba3 from Ba2
t Antartica losing more ice to the ocean
t Letter: Where the truth about climate change?
b Britain's greenhouse gas emissions down 1.9 pct in 2013: govt
b Deutsche Bank profit rises as investment bank focus pays off
e Paul Walker's Mother Pursuing Guardianship Of His Teenage Daughter
b Gold hits 4-month low, longest losing streak in 7 mths
e 'Mad Men' Season 7: The continuing education of Roger Sterling
m New Guideline Says Marijuana Pills Can Ease Some Multiple Sclerosis Symptoms
e Elaine Stritch, Salty Veteran of Broadway and Cabaret, Dies at 89
b Superfund label to hurt home sellers
b BNP Paribas Planning Guilty Plea Monday in U.S. Probe
t Why Developers Prefer Apple Over Google
t Apple advertising dilemma aired at US$2b Samsung trial
e FX's 'Fargo': Billy Bob Thornton on murder and mayhem in the snowy Midwest
t General Motors Recalls 428211 Additional Vehicles
t GM Sales Rise Sharply Despite Recalls
e '22 Jump Street' and Channing Tatum's A-list Arrival
e Angelina Jolie ready for hysterectomy?
t Click It or Ticket Campaign Underway in Albemarle Co.
b Credible New Lead Shifts Malaysia Plane Search 700 Miles Northeast
e Khloe Kardashian-Lamar Odom Divorce: Reality Star Ignoring Odom's  ...
b EPA Seeks 21 Percent Emission Drop in Missouri
b After the Zynga flop, all eyes on King's coming-out party
b Action camera-maker GoPro...
t Samsung adds anti-theft switch to new smartphones
e Queen confirm Queen Forever album, featuring unheard Freddie Mercury songs
t Field day for ham radio fans
b Wal-Mart expands organics with local Wild Oats brand
t If they can hound out Brendan Eich for being anti-gay marriage, who will be next?
b Gold Futures Steady as Traders Watch Ukraine
t Comments on net neutrality overburden FCC website; deadline extended
t E3 2014: Inside the massive world of 'Destiny'
t Fanged cannibal Lancetfish washes ashore alive
b Information on GM's recall of small cars
b GM expands ignition switch recall to 2.6 million cars
m Johnson & Johnson urging doctors to steer clear of hysterectomy device
e Kate Upton Bikini Insecurity Real? Why Sexy Photos Of 'The Other Woman' Star  ...
b AUD to USD surges back above 94 cents on Fed minutes & could rise higher
m Headbanging to Motörhead can kill you, says science
e Robin Thicke Fights for His Marriage ... or His Latest Single? (VIDEO)
m Mother's Day at The Players
b Yahoo shares surge after first quarter revenue beats expectations
e Taylor Swift Weighs In on the State of the Music Industry
e Former 'Scandal' actor Columbus Short arrested in Dallas
m Giraffe kisses terminally ill caretaker goodbye
t More on the "Time Machine" Video of Evolution of the Cosmos (VIDEO)
t Pre-Market: Amazon Faces Potential FTC Lawsuit; US Adds 288000 Jobs in June
b Citigroup: That's a Mighty Big Settlement
e 'Mrs. Doubtfire' sequel in the works; director Bryan Singer accused of sexual  ...
e Three people arrested outside Taylor Swift's home
t FTC Pushes for Cramming Crackdown
b Takeover Panel warns Shire and AbbVie over deal leaks
t Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba will play wait-and-watch game with US market
e Sweet Tooth Leads Robin Williams To Lindstrom DQ
e Official : Gareth Edwards to direct next Star Wars movie in 2016
e Piper Perabo marries Covert EP Stephen Kay
m Saudi Arabia announces jump in new MERS cases
b Dollar dips as euro steadies, ECB in focus
t Hackers Target Energy Firms
b Global Income Helps Walgreen, but Not Enough
b Target Gun Policy Request Less Than It Sounds
e Emma Stone is surprisingly good at lip-synching on the Jimmy Fallon show. BE  ...
m Coal dust exposure to be cut 25 percent in rule fought by industry
e Alleged sexual assault at concert
b US stocks mostly down as investors digest earnings
m W. African Ebola Outbreak May Last Several Months - UN
m Pregnant Women More Likely to be in Car Crashes, Study Finds
e Evans to focus on directing after 'Captain America'
t Photos App Changes in iOS 8 – A Closer Look at iCloud Photo Library, In-App  ...
e Louis Zamperini, War Hero and Former Olympian, Dies at 97
b China shoe factory workers refuse to toe the line, walk out on job
b Asian stocks go sideways ahead of Federal meeting
m CDC says 1 in 68 US children has autism
b Errors force Bank of America to suspend buyback
b What To Expect From Microsoft's 3QFY14 Earnings Announcement
e Amal Alamuddin's mum against wedding?
t Daimler, Nissan to Build Compact Car in Mexico
b Marginal gains for precious metals
b Stocks flatten out after Fed delivers no surprises - KTVN Channel 2 - Reno  ...
e Lou Reed and Alice Cooper Guitarist Dick Wagner Dead At 71
t Apple could make iPhone into a house controller at next week's WWDC
b Gas prices expect to push inflation to 2%
e Monroe mom may have suffered from depression, expert says
e Film Review: 'Veronica Mars' is a solid cinematic turn for TV cult favorite | The  ...
b BOE Officials Divided on Economy as Industrial Output Stalls
t RCMP arrest computer-sciences student in 'Heartbleed' privacy breach
t Heinrich Co-sponsors Net Neutrality Legislation
m Soon, Government to Push For Less Salty Food
e The New Trailer for the Wachowskis' Jupiter Ascending!
e 'The Bachelorette': The Men Strip Down For Andi Dorfman — See Pics
e True Detective Finale Ratings Soar, Streaming Crashes HBO Go and Season 2  ...
m World Obesity Study Finds 'Grim' Statistic: Nearly Third Of People Fat
t Facebook to turn off mobile chat feature
b Asia stocks advance as on US economic optimism
b New rule would protect seasonal and rain-dependent streams
e Actor Shia LaBeouf arrested after getting kicked out of 'Cabaret'
b Remember inflation? Fed may have to face old nemesis
b FAA proposes to fine Southwest Airlines $12M - ABC-7.com WZVN News for Fort  ...
b Determined Juncker sets out case to head European Commission
e Shakespeare turns 450, and modern movies and TV are still his stage
m This is a "Right Time, Right Product" E-Cig Name (LO, AHII, MO, RAI, ITYBY)
e Who Got Juan Pablo's Final Rose?
e There Are Lots of Bad Ways to Describe Aereo, Including Mine
b GLOBAL ECONOMY-China, US factory growth accelerates; euro zone stumbles
t NASA unveils 'global selfie' made on Earth Day
e Game of Thrones Photos: Season 4, Episode 3 — "Breaker of Chains"
e North West urinates on father during photo shoot
e Colin Firth quits Paddington film
e Kardashian-Kanye wed in grand style in Florence fortress
b Current Mortgage Rates for Friday, May 9, 2014
e Johnny Depp and NM a bad combo?
t Review: Microsoft Office for Apple iPad is pretty and functional
m Barry farmer waited too long for colon screening
e Comedian David Brenner sadly dies at age 78
t Mercedes-Benz teams with Tesla on $41K car, taps Silicon Valley tech for mind  ...
e US stocks edge higher in early trading
b JPMorgan's Jamie Dimon has throat cancer, to begin treatment shortly
t Ford Mustang 50th anniversary: What's your favorite memory?
e Box Office: 'X-Men: Days Of Future Past' Earns $36M On Friday
e Louie Lies to Himself (and Everyone Else) About Sex in Season 4
b American Apparel's ousted CEO signals a fight to retain control
e Monster Energy Drink Release Statement About Beastie Boys Trial
e 'Game of Thrones' Season 4 Episode 4 Spoilers: Littlefinger is 'The Most  ...
b Iraq takes legal action against Turkey over Kurd oil exports
e Teaser trailer released for 'The Hunger Games: Mockingjay part I'
t Facebook's website returns to operation after temporary outage
b Dollar pares gain vs. yen on Yellen; kiwi falls
e Kourtney Kardashian is Pregnant, Expecting Baby No. 3 With Scott Disick
t New evidence for oceans deep in the Earth
t HTC Desire 816 vs Nokia Lumia 1320 vs Sony Xperia T2 Ultra: Specifications  ...
m AstraZeneca pressing its claim on cancer drugs
b Obama's EPA Notches Big Win in Court on Power-Plant Rule
e Sam Smith Puts Cinematic Spin on Cheating with "I'm Not The Only One" Video
e Blended movie review: smug addiction
b CONSUMER AFFAIRS: IRS warns of new email phishing scam
t Samsung's Galaxy S5 Struggles Against Surprising iPhone 5S Sales in May
e Music powers rebirth in 'Begin Again'
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Wedding Hiccup: May 24 Paris Wedding  ...
m Yuma reports its 1st West Nile case in 2014
e Now Trending: Seth Rogen blasts Washington Post critic for suggesting his films  ...
e Game Of Thrones Review - 'Oathkeeper'
t 10 Things to Know for Wednesday, April 16
b EBay's Donahoe: Found 'Common Ground' With Icahn After Discussions -CNBC
e Gabriel Garcia Marquez dies aged 87
e Tonight's TV picks: Jack's back in '24: Live Another Day'
t Comcast adds new cable TV subscribers, reports strong earnings
e You Know You Want Weird Al's Robin Thicke Parody About Grammar
b UPDATE 2-Bulgarian bank shares tumble after ruling party MP comments
b Alibaba to go 'BABA' on NYSE
e What happens when Miley Cyrus blesses your cause
b Double-Digit Gain or 30% Crash: How to Profit from S&P 500 No Matter Where It  ...
e Lady Gaga wears sheer outfit for b'day bash
t Facebook switches default settings again
b Acta Non Verba
b US trade deficit narrows in March as exports grow
e Paul Simon, wife facing disorderly-conduct charges
t Swift could open the floodgates of “cheap and cheerful” apps
t Is A New Planet Lurking Beyond Pluto? Discovery Of Dwarf Raises Possibility
e Barbara Walters sets May 16 for exit from 'The View'
m Drowsy driving can mean wheel trouble: CDC offers tips on safe driving this  ...
e Gov. Christie tries to move past scandal with comedy
t IBM, Apple forge enterprise app pact: Watson, meet iPad
e Rolf Harris trial: Entertainer gives evidence in court
e 'Game of Thrones' topples 'Sopranos'
b 1-Minute Video Shows Why GoPro's IPO May Be Hot
t Multiple Pinterest accounts hacked, loaded with butt pics
e Here's What It's Like Being Mark Wahlberg's Stunt Double In The New  ...
e 'Captain America' Sequel Edges 'Rio 2' With $41 Million Weekend
e 8 circus acrobats still hospitalized after hair-hanging stunt gone wrong; broken  ...
e Katt Williams under investigation for pulling gun
t HTC One M8 vs LG G2: Clash Of The Titans
m Jobs at risk as Mission Health eyes deep budget cuts
e Did Courtney Love find the missing Malaysian Air flight?
e Lohan sues over Grand Theft Auto game
e Hey, 'Noah' Supporters, Enough with the Guilt Trip Already
t Going for gold? Alternate HTC One (M8) edition set to arrive on April 7
t Warming World Threatens Us All, Warns UN Report
m What's happening around Juneau County
e Breaking Bad, Bryan Cranston win Emmy Awards
m Reversing MS: UCI part of study finding hope in stem cells
t Intel releases fastest ever Core i7, clocked at 4GHz
t Blood red lunar eclipse across the Pacific
t Google Follows In Facebook's Footsteps And Purchases Drone-Making Titan  ...
t U.N. Warns Of Killer Climate
t BBM Chats Just Got More Fun with the Introduction of Stickers
t Two years on, Yahoo under Marissa Mayer still treading water
b Box files for IPO seeking $250M on NYSE
t HTC hires ex-Samsung marketing chief as consultant
e Radio DJ/Red Dead Voice Actor Cumia Fired For Racist Twitter Rant
e George Clooney's former flame Stacy Keibler marries new man
e Radio legend Casey Kasem dead at age 82
b Growing Prospect of Fed Rates Rise Rattles European Markets
t Tesla opens up its patents to anyone acting in 'good faith'
e Zack Snyder teases Batmobile from Batman-Superman movie
t iPhone 6 leaked pictures reveal 4.7 inch and 5.5 inch models
t OLEG PLISS Apple iCloud hack: Macs, iPhones, iPads ransomed
e Fargo the TV series has arrived, with the Coen brothers and Billy Bob Thornton  ...
b VIDEO: China's Alibaba Group Aiming To Raise $1B In IPO
e Demi Lovato Opens Up About Overcoming Personal Struggles After 2010 Rehab  ...
t Women's Final Four: A look ahead
t Tech Bytes: eBay gets hacked
e Maya Angelou Passes Away at 86
t Tesla Earnings: What to Watch For
e Climactic 'Divergent' Book 'Allegiant' to be Chopped Into Two Movies
t Apple eyes partnerships in bid to reinvent TV
e Madonna Takes On The Look Of Daenerys Targaryen, Played By Emilia Clarke  ...
b Sour start: Shares of Candy Crush Saga maker King Digital down about 10  ...
t Astronomers find mini-planet in solar system's backyard
b SAC Capital fraud sentence
t Apple releases cheaper iMac
b More Good News on Obamacare, Just When Democrats Need It
b FED FOCUS – Metals have muted response to FOMC
t Climate change disturbing deep ocean currents, says study
e 'How I Met Your Mother' finale: Here's hoping the ending is funny
e '24: Live Another Day' Review: "1:00 p.m. - 2:00 p.m."
e Glee Season 5 Episode 14 Recap: New Direction Sees End, Puck and Quinn Kiss
t Too Soon for Google Glass?
m First Large-Scale Health Survey of LGBT Americans Leaves Many Questions  ...
e WWE RAW 14th April 2014 - Five Promising Developments
b GOP's Health Law Alternative Could Be Messy As Obamacare
t Take Action: Tell the FCC to Protect Net Neutrality
e Weekend TV: 'Girl Meets World,' 'Reckless,' 'Vicious'
t Google hit by 70000 'forget me' requests
e Obamas Pay Tribute To Frankie Knuckles In White House Letter
b Search for MH370 resumes
t Tesla posts bigger 2Q loss
e Russell Crowe calls 'Noah' criticism 'irrational'
b King Digital Crushes the Market, Dow Ends Higher on Disney's Strength
t Microsoft issues final Windows XP, Office 2003 patches
e Sutton Foster shows different shades in 'Violet'
t Is Google Glass the Future? Yes!
b Mideast airline unveils plans to offer bed and bath suites
b Walmart Going After GameStop with Used Games Push
b Facebook Buys LiveRail to Grow Its Video Ad Business
t Researchers access server's private keys after exploiting Heartbleed flaw
b MH370 pilots 'not suspicious'
b A welcome shake-up at the Bank of England, but it won't stop future failures
b 'Regulate Marijuana Like Alcohol' Doesn't Mean Home Use Only
t HTC updates flagship One phone, aims to raise awareness for good phone that  ...
m Salmonella-Infected Chicken Outbreak Still Going Strong…A Year Later
e Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles gets a new action trailer
t Under the Microscope? Facebook Emotional Contagion Study Investigated
e Film review: Chef
e The Shortlist for April 14
e 'Mad Men' Review: Dancing In The Dark
b FOMC Likely To Continue Tapering But Otherwise Not Change Policy Statement  ...
e TV's 'Fargo,' with Billy Bob Thornton, captures the original's weirdness
e LeVar Burton wants to bring back 'Reading Rainbow'
b Philippines say ASEAN must tackle China
t New Jersey Assembly OKs bill that would allow Tesla to sell electric cars direct  ...
b US stocks dip on weak consumer spending
b Fed may forecast slower growth
b Chinese relatives demand apology over handling of search for MH370
t Google to start sales of Glass device next week
b These 2 Charts Show How Enormously Powerful Alibaba Is
e Zac Efron 'thinking about' High School Musical reunion film
b British go all French over Pfizer bid
e Lions Gate to develop live-action Power Rangers movie
e 'The Incredibles' sequel is happening and also 'Cars' but we're way more excited  ...
b Investors Less Anxious about Earnings Season on Wednesday
b U.K. GDP unrevised at 0.7% in fourth quarter
b Only one large bank fails Fed's stress test
e Bergdahl's Roommate: Court-Martial Him
b How tech companies keep using perks to win the 'war on talent'
e Brian Williams Raps Snoop Dogg's 'Gin and Juice'
b Rupert Murdoch, Time Warner And The Benefits Of Breaking Up
b Deals Rumor Mill: American Apparel, Quiron, Televisa
b Target CEO Gregg Steinhafel Resigns In Data Breach Fallout
e Lindsay Lohan had miscarriage during her reality show
b Valeant, Pershing prepare to go hostile in Allergan bid
t Apple Interviewing Execs for New Payments Business
e Families catch the feeling at Field of Dreams
b Corn planting in full swing; soybean planting started
e Do these pics prove Nick Cannon has given up on life without Mariah?
b Crumbs Bake Shop chain closes: 5 foods that could be the next cupcake
b Yen Near Strongest in Week as Ukraine Tension Spurs Haven Demand
t Tell the FCC to Secure Net Neutrality
b Press Release: Pershing Square Issues Statement
e MTV Movie Awards 2014: 7 Things We're Excited About
e Paul McCartney Expected To Make Complete Recovery
t Kepler-186f: Scientists go gaga over this exoplanet but no proof yet of alien lifeform
e Gun show switches venues after George Zimmerman controversy
m In Europe, E-cigarettes Are Mostly Used By Smokers Or People Trying To Quit
m CMS Warns Against Snap Judgments About Physician Payment Data
e Why Tom Cruise Is Better Than Action Heroes Half His Age
b Apple Inc. Bonds Fail To Spur Sales [REPORT]
e Shailene Woodley - Shailene Woodley eats clay
t Edward Snowden to SXSW: Government Spying is 'Setting Fire to the Future of  ...
t Charter To TWC Shareholders: Don't Do It
e Jazz legend Jimmy Scott dead at 88
e 'Rio 2' - mild entertaining fare (IANS Movie Review)
t 'Chicken From Hell' Is the World's Newest Dinosaur
e Win a Role in Star Wars: Episode VII
b Ukraine Rattles Europe's Still-Fragile Recovery
t Microsoft To Kill Xbox Entertainment Amid Jobs Purge
e Chris Harrison Defends Decision to Air Eric Hill's Death Announcement
e Mad Men: Watch Season 7 Episode 4 Online
e Scandal's Columbus Short May Face Charges After Bar Fight
m Organ Transplants: 'Supercooling' Keeps Organs Fresh for Days
b Gold little changed, but platinum gains as strike ends
e Judges Jennifer Lopez, Keith Urban and Harry Connick, Jr. and Host Ryan  ...
e Emmy Awards 2014 recap: Winners, losers, dresses, news and reaction from the  ...
e Robert Downey Jr.'s son arrested for cocaine possession
b Target data breach is the least of the problems facing new CEO
e Casey Kasem: The Friendly, Yet Demanding Voice Behind 'American Top 40'
e Jessie J Kicks Off MTV VMAs With Ariana Grande and Nicki Minaj, Debuts 'Bang  ...
t Apple's $3.2bn Deal With Beats Electronics Almost Final
b Amazon runs the numbers to convince you that e-books should be cheaper
e Gary Oldman is the Champion of Latest 'Celebrities Read Mean Tweets'
b MARKET SNAPSHOT: US Stocks Edge Higher; S&P Nears Record Level
b Disney Buys YouTube Network Maker Studios for $500M
e Community Revived For Sixth Season By Yahoo
b Nissan Motor Co.'s share price down, reveals a 4.8% profit increase, but posts  ...
e 'Power Rangers' morphin' into a live-action film
t Warning over Internet Explorer flaw
e Weird Al Yankovic parodies Lorde - why?
e Lindsay Lohan Thinks Her Manager Cost Her A Role In The Avengers‏
e Led Zeppelin Sued for Plagiarism
t Curiosity's Camera Captures Light On Mars, But No Aliens
b Japan's trade deficit in May expands to 8.90 bln USD
e State of Play: Pittsburgh's Record Store Day turns eight
t The FCC Will Lay Out New Rules On Thursday That Could Destroy Net Neutrality
b Pounds soars to 18-month high after Carney's rate rise hint
e Ice Cube Jokes That Paul Walker 'Robbed' Him Of An MTV Movie Award
e WATCH: The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies trailer in all its glory
m Norovirus cases aboard California ship pass 100; most have recovered, cruise  ...
b What is Iran doing building a mock-up of a US aircraft carrier?
m This Is No Longer Poisoning You (At Least Not As Much)
b MARKET COMMENT: UK Stocks Set To Follow US, Asian Equities Higher
b JON REES: Pfizer's assurances over AstraZeneca don't mean a thing - it's time to  ...
b Tesla's sales route too direct for rivals
t How to build a better VR game
t PlayStation 4 Camera selling well: supply “severely” constrained
b Buzz Stocks: Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA), Amazon.com, Inc., Ford Motor Company  ...
b JetBlue Pilots Just Voted to Unionize
t Where's the PlayStation Store's search bar? (update)
e Taylor Swift Shares Fourth of July Photos
m Three Coronavirus cases test negative
t T-Mobile accused of making hundreds of millions of dollars with bogus charges
t Facebook release government data request report
b US punishes French bank to add teeth to its sanctions
b Asian Currency Markets See Some Action This Morning After BoJ Decision
e 'Once Upon a Time' expands 'Frozen' cast with Tyler Jacob Moore and John  ...
b Flight MH370: China ship searching for objects in new area
e HBO Launches New Teaser For "True Blood" Season 7: WATCH
t Windows Phone closes app divide with new Fitbit app
b British Pound (GBP) Forecasts: Sterling vs Euro, US dollar Following ECB and  ...
e Chicago celebrates marriage equality at Pride Parade
e Here's Photographic Evidence of North West Meeting Anna Wintour
e Peaches Geldof's sister Fifi pays tribute to 'beautiful baby sister'
t Latest Survey Proves T-Mobile's Network has Improved, but Still has a Ways To Go
m Effectiveness of Tamiflu and Relenza questioned
e Dawn Of The Planet Of The Apes: Spoilers, Easter Eggs, Review!
m Alexander Shulgin, "Godfather of ecstasy," dies at 88
e Twitter Clowns Batman V Superman Movie With Hilarious Memes [PHOTOS]
t US and Russians blast off together to the International Space Station
b Business Group Says Climate Change Is Risky Business
e George Clooney slams Daily Mail over 'irresponsible' marriage story
m Hookah trend rising among rich teens in America
e We're all ears for new Easter candy
e Robin Thicke makes awkward plea to estranged wife at Billboard Awards R&B  ...
m Hospital closely monitoring staff amid Indiana MERS case
e 'Sopranos meets Middle-earth': how Game of Thrones took over our world
t On fourth try, SpaceX capsule en route to space station (+video)
e MSG Buys 50 Percent Stake in Tribeca Enterprises
b EasyJet Now Sees Narrower-than-estimated Pre-tax Loss In H1, Stock Up
m Study: Medical Marijuana Legalization Doesn't Lead to More Crime
e Kim Kardashian finally lands dream US Vogue cover with fiance Kanye West
t Microsoft lay-offs to cut up to 18k jobs
b China Overtaking US as World's Largest Economy in 2014
b Troops withdrawn from drills near western borders to avoid speculations on  ...
e Idris Elba Welcomes Son With Girlfriend Naiyana Garth — See the Adorable First  ...
e Kim Kardashian Shares Vogue Cover Throwback Photo with a Smiling Anna  ...
e Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Renewed For Second Season
b Home Depot Inc.: The Home Depot Announces First Quarter Results; Updates  ...
e Local Jews Observe Start Of Passover
m http://www.womenhiv.org
t VoLTE Gets Spring Kickoff
e Ginnifer Goodwin and Josh Dallas Marry in an Intimate Ceremony
e Miley Cyrus' Car, Jewellery Stolen
m Baby size is strikingly similar across globe
b Feds extend health signup time for some
m Test Accurately Rules Out Heart Attacks in the ER 3/30/14
b Argentina at Brink of Default as $539 Million Payment Due
e Jay Z Shares 'On The Run' Rehearsal Snaps, Beyonce Takes The Perfect Selfie  ...
b Bulk of euro crisis is over: French central banker
e Mad Men Enters the Future—and Maybe the Peggy Olson Era
t Samsung Galaxy Core 2 With Android 4.4 KitKat Launched at Rs. 11900
b Coke, Pepsi dropping 'BVO' from all drinks - WNEM TV 5
e Watch 'The Bachelorette' Season 10 Episode 2 Live Stream Online! Which Sexy  ...
e Sue Townsend dead: Adrian Mole's best quotes
t Arizona could get millions in Apple e-book settlement
b S&P march to 2000; Burger King and Tim Hortons in inversion talks; McDonald's  ...
e Fox 'American Idol' 2014 Results, Spoilers & Recap: Another Singer Got Kicked  ...
e Haute 100 LA Update: Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Tie the Knot in Haute  ...
t Google signs deal with Ray-Ban and Oakley to make Glass cool
b USDA: $24 million available for citrus greening research
e Are there not enough women to take the stage at Coachella?
m Ramona Relay's Honorary Survivor of Hope walks for others
e ESPY 2014: Drake vs Blake Griffin skit (Video)
t Google's self-driving cars are 'coming soon'
e 'Noah' stays dry to top US cinema box office
t Google Search On Android Now Warns You When Traffic Grinds To A Halt
b GM recalling 1.2 million SUVs for defective side air bags
e Peaches Geldof Remembered By Lily Allen, Sharon Osbourne, Ellie Goulding  ...
b Morning business news - March 20
m Friends share similar genes suggests new study
t New 'Halo 5' multiplayer modes, balancing and returning features hinted
e 'Child of God' is gruesome, dark
t Musk, vigilant of robot uprising, invested in A.I. startups
t Millions of Android phones, tablets vulnerable to Heartbleed bug
m Nutrition and health 'have greater influence on newborn's size than race'
e Miley Cyrus hospitalised for allergic reaction which is what they are calling it  ...
t Why Scientists Are Studying New Meteor Shower
e Jane Fonda & Lily Tomlin Reunite for “Grace and Frankie”
e 'Mockingjay' soundtrack artists are being chosen by singer Lorde
e Video: Let's Hear It for Kevin Bacon and His Return to 'Footloose'!
m Michelle Obama strikes back at school meal critics
e Game Of Thrones Season 4 Finale Spoilers Shockers Synopsis 'The Children  ...
e Films by Godard, Cronenberg, Tommy Lee Jones among 18 vying for top  ...
t Microsoft software leak inquiry raises privacy issues
m S. KOREA: National Health Insurer Sues Tobacco Giants
b US stocks mixed after good economic data, Apple results
b Job-Stealing Immigrants?
b Justices limit existing US climate change rules
t Is Oculus VR Worth a Tenth of WhatsApp? Facebook Thinks So
e Beyonce leaves hotel with sister after Solange attacks Jay Z
b Novartis Buys GlaxoSmithKline's Oncology Unit for $14.5 Billion
b NAR: Sales of existing homes post first increase this year
e The Most Passionate Rendition Of Rick Ross' "Sanctified" Ever [VIDEO]
b $510bn GDP: Nigeria : ABUJA — Nigeria's nominal Gross
b Shares in Candy Crush maker crumble in New York
t Time Warner Cable rejects Charter's call to drop Comcast merger
m Colon cancer rates dropping
t More Heartbleed Fallout: 'Major' Internet Disruptions
e Gregg Allman sues to stop Savannah-filmed movie after train crash
b Discusses WTO impasse with Jaitley
t New FCC spectrum auction may stop a T-Mobile/Sprint merger
e New Trailer Drops for 'X-Men:Days of Future Past'
m Marijuana, heart complications interlinked: study
b Supreme Court Mostly Upholds Climate Change Rules
t Climate report politicised, says academic Robert Stavins
m St. Jude Medical (STJ) Reports FDA Approval of CardioMEMS HF System; Will  ...
e Men Saying Dumb Things in Playboy Interviews: A History
e The 2014 VMA Video Of The Year Nominees Are Super Emotional
e Our 4 Favorite Things About Olivia Palermo's Wedding Look
e Jada Pinkett Smith defends Moises Arias pic
e Shia LaBeouf (Getty)
e Nice monster! New 'Godzilla' fuses American and Japanese beasts
e Concept Art of Elizabeth Olsen and Aaron Johnson in “The Avengers: Age of  ...
b Astrazeneca set for hostile takeover after Pfizer 'final' offer snub?
t Self-Fumigation Actually Is For The Birds
t Apple Announces Record March Quarter Results, $45.6 Billion In Revenue
e Solange Knowles Goes MIA at MTV VMAs 2014 After Red Carpet Appearance
e Lady Gaga, Tony Bennett preview jazz album 'Cheek to Cheek'
e AM BUZZ: The Carters Go To Couples Therapy; R. Kelly Supports His  ...
b Five Things to Know for Your New Day – Monday, May 19, 2014
t FCC Chairman reportedly reverts back to net neutrality after outcry
t Netflix sees competition down, fees up if Comcast, TWC combine
b AMERICANS READY TO TRAVEL MEMORIAL DAY WEEKEND AFTER LONG  ...
b Numbers game
b Congresswoman Jenkins On Latest Unilateral ObamaCare Delay
t Snapchat lied: your snapchats don't actually disappear
e Baby North West has first fashion meeting with none other than THE Anna Wintour
b Yields no comfort to Draghi fighting deflation
b Microsoft's 3Q earnings beat Street expectations
e Bachelor in Paradise Spoiler: Which of Andi Dorfman's Fan Fave Guys Left  ...
m Strong ladies make a perfect pink fit
e 'Dancing With the Stars' Season 18 Finale: We Have a Winner!
t Aldrin seeks public's Apollo 11 memories
t AT&T Announces Plans for Fiber Optic Service
e Lost Andy Warhol Computer Art Found 30 Years Later, Languishing On Floppy  ...
e Beyonce and Jay Z Announces 'On The Run' Summer Tour
t Google made those features, not us - Samsung
m Foodborne Infections Remain Issue Despite Progress
b US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St opens up, S&P set for third straight advance
m More Evidence Links Agricultural Pesticides to Autism
t The Empire State Building looked downright spooky with the lights out for Earth  ...
t Global warming human-caused, dangerous
t Two baby western lowland gorillas born at Bronx Zoo
e Clint Eastwood's Jersey Boys movie has sounds of 1960s in trailer - watch
t Heartbleed: What Should Your Business Do About It?
e 99 Kisses: 'The Bachelor' Season 18 by the Numbers
e Mariah Carey drops by Tampa's Seminole Hard Rock Hotel and Casino
t iPhone 6 again tipped to come in two sizes this September
e The Real Reason For Jupiter Ascending Delay? 'They Need Time To Digitally  ...
b Gold ends lower, but manages slight weekly gain
b Researchers warn California groundwater could dry up without proper  ...
e Lily Allen Brilliantly Takes Aim At Internet Trolls In New 'URL Badman' Video  ...
e All about Lea Michele's pregnancy tweet
b Stocks to Watch: GameStop, Hertz, James River Coal
b AbbVie Inc (ABBV) Seals Deal With Shire (SHPG), What Next?
t Motorola launches the £89 Moto E, a durable and affordable Android smartphone
b IPO Report: Weibo (WB)
m FDA expected to request lower sodium levels
m Health Highlights: June 13, 2014
t Toys could save Nintendo's gaming fortunes
b China's Alibaba Group aims to raise $1B in IPO
b Lockheed wins $914M contract to track space junk
t Adobe Launches Voice, A Smart Story Creation Tool For Apple's iPad
e Nirvana's Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction speech - read
e Stephen Colbert Almost Worked for David Letterman
m Rate Of Alzheimer's Disease Falling In Some Countries
t The cellphone unlocking bill is about to become law -- but there's a catch
b UPDATE 2-Fiat to focus on improving Chrysler margins to meet 2014 profit target
e Jodie Foster has married her girlfriend Alexandra Hedison in a secret ceremony
b Experts: Merely ousting Bennett won't solve Symantec strategy problems
b Ignore the Haters: Marissa Mayer Is Doing Incredibly Well at Yahoo!
b Obama's new gaseous release: A strategy to cut back on methane
m Simple blood test may even predict suicide
e Sofia Vergara announces split with fiance Nick Loeb
e Find Out Who's Going to Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's Parisian Wedding
e East Texas churches preparing for Holy Thursday services
t Sony joins with Chinese state-owned company to sell PlayStation consoles after  ...
m Court refuses to reinstate NYC ban on big sodas
t Colorado River Reaches Gulf of California after 16 Years
e Navarrette: Film on Cesar Chavez offers an incomplete picture of icon
t GM announces four more safety recalls, 430000 cars deemed unsafe
e Lupita Nyong'o named People's Most Beautiful Woman 3:54PM
t [iPhone 6] Just How Strong Is Sapphire Glass? New Video Reportedly Shows  ...
m Third case of MERS confirmed in Illinois resident
b Twitter names Goldman Sachs executive to fill CFO post
b Iraq: Kurdish singer receives death threats over music video
m Michael Schumacher 'medical data offered for sale'
e Kimye Only Vaguely Knows How To Touch Each Other On Their Bridal Cover Of  ...
b FTSE down as BoE defends guidance policy
b Barclays to cut 14000 jobs as investment bank shrinks
t Conductive E.coli paves way for self-assembling circuitry
b US stock markets rebound after choppy day
t Google Introduces Material Design at Google I/O
t Microsoft Surface 3 available to pre-order in UK
b Flood drenches 'House that Wooden' built
t Japan to continue scientific whaling in Pacific: reports
b 4 Things You Need To Know About The State Of Social Security
e Trace Adkins' Wife Files For Divorce — Can This Year Get Any Worse For The  ...
t Ditching Kinect may have saved the Xbox One from falling permanently behind  ...
b US Inventories of Homes for Sale Rising, Which Bodes Well for Affordability
e 'Do you know who I am?' LaBeouf to policeman when arrested him
e Anne Hathaway, Brie Larson and Kristen Stewart dress up in drag!
b The Ultimate Lobster Sale
e Katherine Heigl: I wanted to quit acting
e Katy Perry's #TBT Is Literally A Teenage Dream
b eBay Tax Bill, Outlook Stymie Shares
b Stock Market Advances on Mixed Economic Data
b Putin: No need for further retaliation against U.S.
e Jada Pinkett Smith gushes about Will Smith, marriage
t T-Mobile Ends Overage Charges, Company's CEO Encourages Others to Do  ...
e Leonardo DiCaprio Is Bustin' A Groove At Coachella
b La Quinta declines in first trading day back on the NYSE
b Fiat Chrysler Posts First-quarter Net Loss, Trading Profit Stable
b Reserve Bank of India allows foreign investors to hedge currency risks
e Lionel Richie Name Misspelled at BET Awards -- When Will We Learn? (VIDEO)
t GM recalls another 8.4 million vehicles, most for ignition switch defect
e Ariana Grande on course to top first singles charts to include streaming
t Facebook's answer to Snapchat, the Slingshot App now available globally
b Iraq Conflict Triggers Rising Gas Prices
b AbbieVie puts the case for acquiring Shire
e Jenny Lewis, Kristen Stewart, Anne Hathaway dress in drag for 'Just One of the  ...
e The Superman Vs. Batman Movie Now Has an Official Title
m Cancer survivors walk lap of hope
m VIDEO: WHO Says Polio Now Worldwide Health Emergency
m US FDA Approves Lilly's Gastric Cancer Drug – Quick Facts
e 'Guardians of the Galaxy' LEGO Video Gets Marvel Seal of Approval
e Kim Kardashian Did Not Break the Law, Find Out Real Reason Why She Got  ...
b Yellen rate hint spooks markets
e Legendary Hollywood actor Mickey Rooney dies at age 93
e Dolce, Gabbana Found Guilty of Tax Evasion
e 'I asked your mother for you, she said you were too young': Song about Rolf  ...
b Amazon details spat with Hachette
e Robin Thicke naming album after ex-wife in hopes of getting her back
b First Colorado Cannabis Summit convenes in Denver
e Star Wars 7: Casting Not Yet Complete
e Hospitalized Miley Cyrus cancels Sprint Center show
e 'Neighbors' unseats 'Spiderman' to top box office
t Here Are All the Other Experiments Facebook Plans to Run on You
e Polio-Crippled FDR Seen Walking In Rare Footage Only Recently Released To  ...
t FCC to examine reasons for Internet traffic jams
t Samples of Greenland Ice Sheet Reveal Ancient Tundra Below
t Galaxy S5: Carphone Warehouse offering over £100 cashback with trade-in
b Pfizer abandons $118bn takeover fight
b Office for iPad officially announced by Microsoft [UPDATED]
e Henri Matisse exhibit at Tate Modern in London features his colorful cutouts
b Tesla CEO hints surprise move on patents | USA NOW
e Joan Rivers Cracks Jokes About Ariel Castro's Victims: Did She Go Too Far  ...
t US to Probe Web-Traffic Disputes Among Netflix, Comcast
e Seth MacFarlane pledges $1 million to Reading Rainbow drive
b At $4.5 Billion, Russian Billionaire's Divorce Settlement Is The World's Most  ...
t Titanfall Becomes Fastest Selling Game Of 2014, Boosts Xbox Sales Numbers  ...
t Samsung Gear Fit: Specs, Price And Features
e Filmmaker gets 20 complete strangers to kiss for the first time
b Ukraine, Russia hold new talks in natural gas dispute
e Khloe Kardashian Flaunts Curves in Seriously Distressed Denim
b Flight 370 search: It's not like Air France
t Apple's $2.2B Damage Estimate Not Fair Or Just, Jury Says
e Pop Rocks: My Love-Hate Relationship with Lena Dunham
e Cinco De Oh No! Lime shortage might ruin your night of drinking and vomiting
b Next up on Obama's economic agenda: Equal pay
b Brent oil slips below $106.50 as ample supplies outweigh Libya strife
b Business News at a Glance
b Fear of Pfizer-AstraZeneca job cuts voiced by US lawmakers
e Jeopardy!'s Alex Trebek Sets Guinness World Record for Hosting
e Jada Pinkett Smith Defends Willow/Moises Pic: 'There Was Nothing Sexual  ...
t Is this the metal Galaxy S5 Prime? [updated]
t NASA's LADEE Spacecraft Just Crashed Into The Moon
t HTC Volantis tablet could be new 9-inch Nexus slate
b What's causing all those earthquakes in Oklahoma?
b PokerStars CEO Mark Scheinberg Is One of the Youngest Billionaires Now
t Google reportedly buying Twitch for $1 billion: How will it help YouTube?
e Matt Damon Doused Himself In Toilet Water, Fans React
m Paraplegic in robotic suit made the first kick of the World Cup last night
t Oracle wins, Google loses in copyright ruling on Java APIs
t Ontario man, 19, charged in CRA Heartbleed bug breach
e B-ROLL - Donatella Versace, Carine Roitfeld, Franca Sozzani at Haute Couture  ...
b China's May Non-Manufacturing PMI Rises to 55.5
e After THAT Jay Z and Solange fight - Beyonce's sister deletes family Instagram  ...
m Whooping Cough Epidemic: California Reports Outbreak, Deaths Blamed On  ...
t Snake species 'lost' for decades rediscovered on remote Mexican island
m Is it possible to cut down the dangers of Colon Cancer?
b Teen Accused Of Peeing In Reservoir 'Didn't Piss In The Fu--ing Water'
b Burger King Sells Proud Whopper in San Francisco
e Robin Thicke's Billboard performace: An attempt to win Paula back?
e Selena Gomez to testify against Justin Bieber
t New 'dancing frog' species found — but it may already be too late
b Hachette Puts out Response to Amazon Statement, Rejects Author Pool Before  ...
t Ford says new engine will add 300 jobs in Ohio
t Melting East Antarctic Ice Could Cause Unstoppable Sea Level Rise for  ...
e Long-winded lauding: Not enough music at rock hall induction ceremony
m ReWalk, a bionic exoskeleton for paraplegics, approved for use in U.S.
b Price of gold settles lower at US$1272
m Forgotten vial of smallpox found in NIH storage room
b As One-Time Gains Fade, Fannie and Freddie Face a Less-Profitable Future  ...
b QUALCOMM PT Raised to $88.00 (QCOM)
e Shia LaBeouf video shows actor attempting to fight in front of NYC club
t Gas prices jump nearly 5 cents in the past two weeks
m The Orange Country's Recent Outbreak in Measles Triggers Panic among the  ...
e Police charge Pa. man found dribbling along I-78
t Here's What It's Like to Work for Elon Musk
m Frequest fliers, beware of airplane surfaces!
b Bangladesh factory tragedy boosts 'Made in NYC' campaign
e Game of Thrones season 4 finale recap: 'Brutal, funny, heart-breaking'
m Medical implants to lose bulky batteries
e Toy company executive who helped create GI Joe dies
t HTC One M8 Ace Release Date: Early June For Plastic Variant, Rumors Suggest
t Apple looking to hire e-currency experts, eyes 'serious' move into mobile payments
t Homeland Security: Stop using Internet Explorer
e Soulja Boy
t Apple's Win Settles Samsung's Complaint, Too
m CDC reports high increase of autism in children
b US STOCKS-Wall St ends lower; S&P 500 in biggest 3-day drop since Jan
e Michael Strahan confirms new side job by stopping by GMA
b Commodities trading outlook: gold, silver and copper futures
m Has Science Found The "Healthiest Diet"?
t How An Earworm & Heartbleed Broke The Internet
e Eminem - Eminem and Rihanna to perform at 2014 MTV Movie Awards
e Cinema Watch the 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' Teaser Because Cowabunga
b Missing Malaysia Jet Said to Have Flown West With Beacon Off
t Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) increases price from $7.99 to $8.99
m UN envoy says flight bans hamper effort to stamp out Ebola
t Lightning storm picture slideshow
e Miley Cyrus Breaks Her Silence on Hospitalization
b Fall in inflation heaps pressure on ECB
t Tim Cook's About-Face on Stock Splits
t Nexus 5 and Nexus 7 users already have access to Android L preview
t Larry Page's vision of future looks like John Maynard Keynes'
e CAN'T MISS | Levi's CEO: Don't wash your blue jeans
t Chinese Hacking Barely Mentioned in Ottawa
e Denzel Washington plays Chloe Moretz's knight in shining armour as he takes  ...
e Judge dismisses Insane Clown Posse lawsuit against FBI over gang label
t PS4 'Early Access' - empowering gamers or just a cash cow?
t Gasoline-loving spiders prompt Suzuki Kizashi recall
b US STOCKS-Wall St dips after data; Citi leads financials lower
e Michael Jackson New Album XSCAPE Announced!
b Biofuels Survive a Really Bad Day
t Tesla announces Reno factory, still no word on 'gigafactory'
m MYSTERY: More than 200 get sick after swimming at Kitsap County lake
b American Kids Are Really Bad at Handling Money
e Women of Comic-Con protest harassment
b Britain says talking to Pfizer, AstraZeneca, but deal is for shareholders
e Selena Gomez over Bieber, looking for an older man
e It's 'Mother' Time: A Show With One Last Chance To Get It Right
m The real Stone Age diet: Our ancestors cooked on barbecues - but had side  ...
e Pamela Anderson Steps Out In Cannes Following Sexual Abuse Admission
t Watch above: the Heartbleed bug is leaving everyone at risk of having personal  ...
e Macaulay Culkin booed off stage and pelted with beer at Rock City's Dot to Dot  ...
t UT grad heading to International Space Station
b PR Newswire
e Amazon Launches Prime Music
b AbbVie's Shire merger backed with 13.5 billion pounds bridge loan
e Nadine Gordimer, Nobel winner and apartheid critic, dies at 90
t SpaceX threatens US Air Force with court action over rocket contract
t FCC Revises Plan To Regulate Internet After Public Outcry
m Energy drinks consumption linked to smoking
b Money men tally cost of climate change
m Men prefer painful shocks to gadget-free alone time
t Windows XP will leave organizations severely exposed
e VIDEO: The Other Woman - Trailer
b Medtronic in talks to merge with Covidien for $40B: report
b JON REES: Clip the wings of foreign vultures
b FOREX-Sterling drops as Carney cools hike expectations, euro benefits
e Children's star Rolf Harris sentenced to prison for abuse cases
e Glee Watch: Season 5, Episode 12 Watch - 100
m Guinea Ebola virus unprecedented: MSF
e Channing Tatum a 'high functioning alcoholic'
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West married in Renaissance fort
m Johnson & Johnson pulls hysterectomy device from hospitals
t Google's modular smartphone should be easy to recycle
t Apple Relaunches iPad 4, Discontinues iPad 2
e Wu-Tang Clan's new album will cost 'millions of dollars' — and only one person  ...
m Got a Rash? Your iPad Could be to Blame
b Help-wanted drop points to weaker job gains
e Pamela Anderson Files for Divorce from Hubby…for the Second Time
e 'MTV Movie Awards 2014' LIVE STREAM: Watch Online @ 9PM ET
b Initial results of 8-year soil pollution study not accurate enough, experts say
b Kroger acquires Vitacost.com to take digital to next level
t Burger King baby finds birth mom
e The Casts of 'Awkward' & 'Faking It' Promote MTV Movie Awards 2014
t Researchers Discover 52-milion-Year-Old Hedgehog
m Some actually good news on federal health care spending
e Farley Mowat has died
m MERS death toll hits 81 in Saudi
m Senior Citizens, Medicare Reaping Big Benefits from Obamacare, $11.5 Billion  ...
e Pat Sajak's Puzzling Twitter Post
e Redeemer Presbyterian Church Hosts Easter Event
b China PMIs jump to multi-month highs in July
t Facebook To Strip Mobile of Chat, Plans Standalone App
e Robin Thicke And Paula Patton Haven't Seen Each Other in Four Months (VIDEO)
b Apple reportedly close to acquiring Beats Electronics for as much as $3.2b
t Trio of supermassive black holes shake space-time
e Dismissed New York Times editor at university graduation: Leading newsroom  ...
t Ex-Microsoft employee charged for leaking copies of Windows 8 to a blogger
b Samsung Warns Of Profit Decline For Q2, Cites Slower Smartphone And Tablet  ...
b Bank of America reports unexpected first-quarter loss
t Surface Pro 3 Review Roundup: Does This Device Come Close To Replacing  ...
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West wedding details out!
m Elevated Carbon Dioxide Levels Rob Crops Of Nutrients
b US New Home Sales Hit Six-Year High In May
e Huffington Post: Seth Rogen & James Franco comedy about assassinating Kim  ...
t Microsoft completes Nokia acquisition as mobile giant squashes rebrand rumour
m Diabetes-Related Problems Have Decreased Over Last 20 Years
e Is Kylie Jenner To Blame? Selena Gomez And Justin Bieber Had 'Huge Fight  ...
t Latest iPhone 6 rumour points to curved display, all aluminium chassis
b S&P 500 above 1900 for first time
b Possible debris a 'credible lead' for missing Malaysian jet
e Froman in Japan early, seen meeting economy minister for talks: Kyodo
t Xbox One Controller Driver: Microsoft Says Support for PC is Still Coming  ...
b Dollar gains; pound notches first loss in five sessions
b Massive dirt pile may have led to bridge closure - KTVN Channel 2 - Reno  ...
m Middle East virus will be a threat to Hajj pilgrims
b S&P 500 closes above 2000 points for first time
e Katt Williams Alleged Victims Say Katt Committed Vicious Gun Attack
e Godzilla' opens with smashing $93.2 million at box office
e Bryan Cranston Reveals He Almost Turned Down Part in 'Godzilla' Reboot
t Jupiter's Stormy Great Red Spot is Shrinking More Quickly Than Before
m Advanced Prosthetic Arm is Approved for US Market
t Microsoft in China's crosshairs as game ban lifts
e US Airways removes pornographic Tweet – after an hour's airplay
e Dress or trousers? Jennifer Lopez wears BOTH with hybrid Versace gown  ...
e Is George Clooney's fiancée Muslim? Yes, the way Mormons are Christian
e Daddy Rogen and frat boy Efron have crude feud in 'Neighbors'
t The Case for Net Neutrality
b Akebia Therapeutics Added to Russell 3000®, Russell 2000® and Russell  ...
b Navy Official: Pings Didn't Come from Flight 370 Black Boxes
t Apple Inc. (AAPL) launches new "Powerful" 90 second ad
b Dollar Heavier, Euro Heavier
e Stacy Keibler Pregnant: Sudden Marriage To Jared Pobre Explained?
e 'Jump Street' leaps to top of box office
e Angelina vs Gwyneth on working moms: Who's got it right?
e Thursday television
t Apple launches Back to School promo, offers gift cards with purchase
t Android Evolved: Recapping Android, Wear, Android Auto, And Android TV
m WHO Warns Of Possibly Devastating Tuberculosis Epidemic Due To Drug  ...
b Nehawu supports Numsa strike
e 'Game of Thrones' Continues Its Explosive Growth
e Charlie Sheen, a Gracious Drunk, at Taco BellCulture
m 'Juno' Protein Connects Egg To Sperm; Scientists Finally Unravel Mystery Of  ...
e Hollywood Torrent: Who Do We Blame For Johnny Depp's Box Office Flops  ...
b Kingfisher now sells more in France than UK
e 'The Voice' Coaches On Their Winning Chemistry
m Kids eating too many foods fortified with vitamins and minerals
e Lindsay Lohan falls off the wagon at Coachella: reports
m Use drop sites to dispose of drugs
m Sebelius, a lightning rod for critics, resigns
t MS rushes to fix browser bug
e Zara pulls anti-Semitic shirt from its stores
e 20 Things You May Not Know About 'The Wizard of Oz'
t Samsung Galaxy Core 2 Dual SIM phone
e Studio apologises for controversial 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' tweet
b Why Amazon pays employees $5000 to quit
t Google Maps launches Pokemon Challenge, gotta catch 'em all
b Oil spills into Lake Michigan from BP refinery
b Fiat Chrysler can make 6 million cars a year: CEO
t Cheerios maker digs deeper fine print hole: Protesting misinformation, GM offers  ...
m Speaking 2 languages benefits the aging brain
t GM to dealers: Stop Cruze sales
b In Drought-Stricken California, Watering Your Lawn Could Mean $500 Fines
t VIDEO & PICTURES: So just how do you get a Ford Mustang to the top of the  ...
t Apple iOS 7.1.2 Update Coming
b General Motors Bets $449M on Electric Vehicle Development
t Twitch API Lets Gamers Integrate Live Broadcasts
t Google Integrates Uber Into iOS, Android Mapping Apps
e Bill Murray Enters the Oscar Race
e Batman v Superman adds Victor Zsasz and other villains
b Murdoch taps his sons for new posts
b TECH STOCKS: Intel, OpenTable Lead Tech Sector Higher
e [REVIEW] James Brown Biopic 'Get On Up': Chadwick Boseman, Viola Davis Get  ...
b Gold steady, seen vulnerable after strong US jobs data
t WHO Reports Cities in India Have Worst Air Pollution
e Courtney Love is going to be on Sons Of Anarchy
m Study shows hookah use on the rise among US teens
m Sperm problems tied to death in near future, study finds
t Heartbleed: don't change passwords just yet
b US clarifies which petroleum drillers can export
t OkCupid urges boycott of Mozilla, cites CEO's gay marriage views
t OEMs will not be able to customize Google Android Wear OS
b Orders Propel Service Industries as Sales Improve
e Draft Day Directed by Ivan Reitman
e Made in America festival hitting both coasts, LA and Philly
e $10 Potato Salad Kickstarter Goes Viral, Raises Over $40000: Internet Loves  ...
m Hookah smoking rising in popularity among big city high school teens
e 'Star Wars: Episode 7' Filming Underway; Casting Almost Complete
m Doctors receive MERS virus update
e Ice Cube Backpedals On Paul Walker MTV Movie Award Comments; Watch Vin  ...
e Kendall Jenner can't read, but she's still hot: Twitter
b Longtime Chief of JPMorgan Says He Has Throat Cancer
b 41 Million Americans Plan To Travel On 4th Of July Despite High Gas Prices
m Baby gates may be hazardous to your baby!
e Amazon and HBO Sign Multi-Year Deal for Prime Instant Video
b Missing Malaysian jet most likely in southern Indian Ocean: Source 0
b Russian gas flows via Ukraine steady as payment deadline passes
e Video: Nicki Minaj Performs at 'Philly 4th of July Jam' [Full Concert]
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West on Vogue magazine cover
e Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) & HBO (NYSE:TWX) Announce Streaming Deal
e Zac Efron, Michelle Rodriguez Dating: New Couple Kiss and Cuddle on  ...
e Late night talkshow host Jimmy Fallon helps push Aussie-made app Loopy HD  ...
b Asia shares mostly higher, reverse early losses
e Gabriel Garcia Marquez, Literary Giant, Dead At 87
b Fed Not Going to Move on Rates to Burst Bubbles
e Lady Gaga kicks off 28th birthday in 'near nude' sheer body stocking
e Johnny Depp not required to testify at murder trial
e 2014 Tony Awards Nominees Announced (Audra McDonald, Sophie Okonedo  ...
b Inflation jumps to biggest monthly increase since October 2012
b Dollar General CEO Dreiling to retire next year
t Mars 'flying saucer' splashes down after test
e Watch Pippa Middleton discuss being 'publicly bullied' and THAT dress in first  ...
t CEOs May Look Twice At IBM's New Security Suite, Services As Target's Head  ...
e VIDEO: Jennifer Lopez And Marc Anthony Are Officially Divorced, Nearly 3 Years  ...
b Bank of America to pay $9.3 bln to settle mortgage bond claims
b Active User Battle: Twitter vs. Facebook
e Lea Michele insists her new beau is not gigolo
b State's unemployment rate sticks at 4.9 percent
b General Electric Company (GE) Edges Out EPS Expectations
t Samsung Galaxy S5 vs iPhone 5S vs iPhone 6, Design & Size Comparison
e Sylvester Stallone and his 'Expendables 3' cast arrive in Cannes not in tuxes but  ...
b North American stock markets gain after encouraging data
t NASA launches CO2 study satellite
b European shares rally, euro slides on ECB stimulus bet
e Freida Pinto glamorous on Cannes red carpet
m This Gene Could Tell You Who Is At Risk For Suicide
b Mesa Mall Hosted Health Insurance Event
m FDA Approves First Mind-Controlled Prosthetic Arm
e King Joffrey 'Game of Thrones' Actor Speaks About Purple Wedding: 'It was Fun  ...
e 'The Walking Dead' Season 5 promotes three actors to series regular
t Details For Xbox One June Update Revealed
e 'Avengers: Age of Ultron' Update: Mutant Siblings Quicksilver, Scarlet Witch  ...
e George Clooney's bachelor days are reportedly over
b Express LOL: Funniest WWE Money in the Bank jokes
b Mortgage Interest Rates at Bank of America Wednesday Mar 19
m Headbanging in Motorhead fan root of brain bleeding
t HTC Is About To Turn The Best Android Phone In The World Into A Windows  ...
t Electric car maker Tesla opening access to its patents
t HTC 'Volantis' rumored as upcoming Nexus tablet with 8.9-inch display  ...
b Close call: Airliner nearly collided with drone in march, says FAA
e Chris Brown assault trial delayed
e Miley Cyrus RIPS "Dumb Asses" Spreading "Ignorant Stories": Stop Scaring My  ...
e Taylor Swift hosts star-studded 4th of July party
m Finding Reveals Why Women Are More Likely To Develop Alzheimer's
e Emmys: Best and Worst Moments
b Putin's controversial state visit to Austria
t Not even Mario Kart 8 was enough to save Nintendo: Wii U sales still lagging  ...
b Investors begin prep for BNP Paribas Additional Tier 1 bond
e 'Power Rangers' reboot in works after last movie flopped
m Milk every day 'keeps arthritis at bay' – for women
b Armed man robs pedestrian in Glen Burnie
t First of three supermoons illuminate night sky
e Mick Jagger reflects on 'wonderful years' with L'Wren Scott
e Taylor Swift cancels sold-out concert in Bangkok
t Toyota Settlement: $1.2B to Resolve Precedent-Setting Safety Case
b Most Popular Stories
b JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) Chairman Diagnosed With Cancer
t Google Nexus line isn't going anywhere, confirms top exec Dave Burke
t Man in Screamingly Loud Paisley Shirt Explains Google's Subtle New Design  ...
e Stephen Colbert to replace David Letterman on CBS's Late Show
e Jennifer Connelly finds 'Noah' close to the tale
e Review: A Welcome Return for “Cabaret”
e 'Game Of Thrones' Is Ignoring A Huge Storyline From The Books
t Man records nightmarish attempt to cancel cable, Comcast apologizes
e Ice Cube Says His MTV Awards Comment Was Not Aimed At Paul Walker
e Sara Gilbert and singer fiancée Linda Perry tie the knot in secret ceremony
m New Report: 7 Million People Died from Air Pollution in 2012
e X-Men: Days of Future Past: Best-Ever "X-Men" Scores Best-Ever Box Office
e The Bachelorette Week 5 Update - Josh 'Is More Than An Athlete' and Racist  ...
e Billboard Awards Ratings Peak for Michael Jackson, Carrie/Miranda Duet
b YELLEN: Here's Why All College Graduates Should Aspire To Be Like Ben  ...
e Adam Clayton was 'out of control' before rehab
b Cupcake shop Crumbs shuttering all its stores; bride-to-be forced to make other  ...
e VIDEO: Would You Have Worn This to the Divergent Premiere?
b BlackBerry Ltd narrows loss in fourth quarter despite steeper drop in revenue
e Do you wanna drink a snowman? It doesn't have to be a snowman
m York County police participate in drug take-back effort
t HTC's next flagship smartphone needs more than Robert Downey Jr.
e Zac Efron doing backflips off of a boat shirtless? Yes please!!
b Madoff crew guilty
e Miley Cyrus Shows Off New Tattoo On Instagram
m Don't let Big Tobacco hook a new generation on nicotine with alluring ads for e  ...
b REFILE-UPDATE 4-New York attorney general accuses Barclays of 'dark pool  ...
b FOREX-ECB comments hit euro, but impact limited
e Netflix Books a Third Season of Orange Is the New Black
t Facebook Takes Steps to Prevent Over-Sharing
e “Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice” Will Hit Theaters May 6th 2016
e Watching stuff: "Guardians of the Galaxy"
e 'The Voice' USA 2014 Shocker: Adam Levine's Phone Number Made Public
m Daily Dose of Fruits and Vegetables Decrease Stroke Risk
t Apple seeks sales ban on 9 older Samsung models
t Eric Schmidt: Europe struck wrong balance on right to be forgotten
t Titanfall worldwide release times detailed
t Vulnerability of many Android smartphones and tablets towards Heartbleed  ...
b Twitter: User Growth To Determine Stock Price Movement After Earnings Release
b COO Ali Rowghani Departs Twitter, Company Says It Won't Hire A Replacement
t OnePlus One smartphone features Snapdragon 801 CPU and CyanogenMod 11S
e Review: Amid 'Rio 2's' cacophony, the musical numbers shine
m Lipkin: Will MERS become a global threat?
t Comcast May Join Apple to Stem Cord-Cutting
t US government urges Internet users to avoid Explorer web browser
e Bill Murray crashes South Carolina bachelor party, doles out advice
b Exchange Rates Update: Pound to Dollar Consolidates, Sterling Strong vs Weak  ...
b Tim Draper Defends Purchase of Auctioned Bitcoins
t Samsung Launches Galaxy S5 Mini Smartphone
t Samsung Electronics Q1 Operating Profit Declines 3.3%; Net Profit Rises
b Get Ready For Europe To Print
e 'Glee' season 5, episode 12 review: Puck / Quinn, Brittany / Santana shine in  ...
e PEOPLE IN THE NEWS
b Nasdaq books fifth straight gain
e Kimye to splash more than $7mln on wedding
e Brad Paisley's priceless selfie with Westboro Baptist Church protestors
t Google's chat programs go down, millions panic
e Joan Rivers refuses to apologize to women held captive by Ariel Castro
t NASA Lays Out Steps for Manned Mars Missions
m Ohio mumps outbreak grows
t Rosetta's Lander Facing An Unexpected Comet Shape: A Double Nucleus
e 'Man of Steel' sequel to be titled 'Batman v. Superman- Dawn of Justice'
e Emmys 2014: Fashion hits and misses from the red carpet
e The Bachelorette Spoilers: Are Nick Viall Videos a Giant Ruse?
m More bad news for state-run Obamacare marketplaces
e McCartney to make full recovery from virus in Tokyo
e Buchheit appearing in Jesus Christ Superstar in concert
e Cory Monteith's mother, Ann McGregor, speaks about son to 'GMA'
m Rally pushes to speed up medical marijuana access
m How Sweet It Is: All About Sugar Substitutes
b High fees erode 401(k) savings
b Chase Bank Behind Bank of America with Higher Mortgage Rates Today - April 17
m Sitting Too Long can Increase Cancer Risk, Study Finds
e 'Mrs. Doubtfire' Sequel Confirmed: Robin Williams Will Star In Film; Mara Wilson  ...
b Virgin America files for IPO. A good time to go public? (+video)
b 'Window dressing' of balance sheet irks RBI
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Marriage and Weedding News: Kimye  ...
e Robert Pattinson Admits He And Kristen Stewart Still Talk
b Wednesday tips round-up: Shire, Dunelm
b Burger King celebrates LGBT pride with 'Proud Whopper'
t Samsung Galaxy S3 Mini VE (Value Edition) Now Comes with Compact Design  ...
t Google Updates Chrome Browser to Version 35
b Twitter partners Amazon for closed-loop commerce deal
e Tracy Morgan Is Still In Critical Condition, But This Latest Update From His  ...
e Fireworks on NBC
e This weekend on TV: 'Game of Thrones' wraps up Season 4, and lots of World  ...
e Ben And Jerry's Is Giving Away Free Ice Cream Today
e Boyhood: Lorelei Linklater in a Therapeutic Interview
e Peaches post mortem 'in few days'
e The Queen Criticizes Kate Middleton for 'Excessively Overspending' on  ...
t Ice Age Predators Evolved To Adapt To Warming Temperatures
e Ginnifer Goodwin and Josh Dallas tie the knot
b Satellite spots 122 possible objects in search for Malaysian plane
m Doctors are still prescribing codeine to children despite health risks
e Williams in talks to reprise 'Mrs. Doubtfire' role
e Robert Lopez and Kristen Anderson-Lopez write a new show 'Up Here' for  ...
b Microsoft Office Now Available for the iPad
m 30% Jump in Autism Rates in Children
e Lisa Niemi: Patrick Swayze's Widow Finds Love Again, Marries Albert DePrisco
t Facebook sends in blue dinosaur to dispel privacy fears
e Chris Martin not wearing wedding ring after Gwyneth Paltrow split
b Credit Suisse case called warning to foreign banks
e Holy Odin! Marvel Just Announced A Gender Change For Thor …
t Yale Poll: Americans Much More Worried About 'Global Warming' Than 'Climate  ...
e Video: Jimmy Fallon Peeks Up Heidi Klum's Dress, Forms Human Wheel
e Paul Stanley Accuses Kiss Members of Anti-Semitism
t Microsoft readies fitness band, not smartwatch, for autumn launch
t Google fielding 'take-down requests' after European privacy ruling
b GLOBAL ECONOMY WEEKAHEAD-Fed in focus as investors seek reassurance
b Alibaba to buy SingPost stake for USD249m
b US economy contracted sharply in first quarter
t Activision makes record-breaking move with Destiny
e Duchess of Cambridge supports addiction event at King's Cross school during  ...
t In pictures: On the 40th anniversary of the Rubik's Cube here's some other  ...
t High court rules against Aereo in broadcasters' challenge
e Slasher attacks Japan girl group AKB48
t AAA: Gas prices up a penny this week
e Jonah Hill Apologizes For Homophobic Slur On "The Tonight Show": WATCH
e Christie tweets a swipe at latest Letterman fat joke
b 8 rescued from small Honduran gold mine, 3 remain
e Meet the Activists Who Are Taking a Stand Against Bullfighting in Pamplona
t Independence Day beach-goers save baby dolphin
b Retail sales up as shoppers return
b Twitter shares in free fall as six month stock lockup period ends
e 'Captain America' becomes box office hero
t GM supports legislation banning rentals, sales of cars under recall
e 'Noah' film is both anti-religious and anti-biblical
t Twitter Reveals Mobile App Install Ads
b Shares Rally as JC Penneys Loss Narrows
e 'Dancing With the Stars' not so wonderful for Danica and Val
e Jonah Hill Uses Homophobic Slur
b What were China's hacker spies after?
m CDC says 1 in 68 US children has autism
m FDA to Regulate e-Cigarrettes
b Dollar General, JM Smucker, Joy Global, FedEx and Oracle are part of Zacks  ...
t Xbox One's July System Update Bringing Five New Features
e Justin Bieber Skips Assault Hearing In Toronto
t Skype to Get Real-Time Speech Translation by End of 2014
e Sarah Silverman flaunts liquid pot on Emmys red carpet
t Final fed climate report will present dire picture - KLTV.com-Tyler, Longview  ...
t Apple debuts cheaper 'entry-level' big-screen desktops
e Geldof's daughter dies
e 'ET' return for online age in 'Earth to Echo'
e Prosecutors: No immunity for pop star Chris Brown's bodyguard in DC assault case
t Spectacular total lunar eclipse turns moon red
t Google's autonomous car is truly hands-off -- there's no steering wheel
b UK inflation rate falls to fresh four-year low of 1.7%
b NC's unemployment rate down to 6.4 percent for February
b 'Mall of the World' gets green light in Dubai
e Mayor Bill De Blasio: Admissions Process At Elite High Schools Needs Change
b The Walt Disney Company (DIS) Q2 Earnings Beat Expectations
b Pandora One on Pandora Radio & Music: Price Increase Coming In May; How  ...
e Liam Hemsworth Raves About Miley Cyrus, Admits They'll 'Always Be Best Friends'
m Despite risks, kids prescribed codeine in ER
b Jack Shafer: Why ditching Amazon account
b Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac Reform Bill Not Likely To Pass This Year
e 10 life lessons learned from Adrian Mole
b Amazon isn't -- and likely never will be -- a monopoly
e JK Rowling Just Published A New 'Harry Potter' Short Story
b French Front National Party's European Victory Signals Rise of the Far Right
t Nintendo Posts $97M Quarterly Loss Despite Success Of 'Mario Kart 8'
t [Weekend Poll] Android Wear Is Here, But Is A Smartwatch's OS Really Important  ...
e Sharknado 2 Whips Up Storm On Social Media
t ASIMO Plays Soccer With President Obama: Watch Honda Robot Impress  ...
b Forex - Euro little changed vs. dollar after Draghi, U.S. data
b Yellen says Fed's balance sheet will shrink 'considerably'
e Harper Lee Slams Alleged Biography
t Apple In Talks To Buy Beats For $3 Billion, Deal Next Week?
b BlackBerry taking 'serious look' at bringing BBM to desktops
e Networks are trying to reel in millennials by capitalizing on their '90s nostalgia  ...
e Star Wars Filming 'In Chaos After Harrison Ford Injury'
t NASA's Opportunity rover breaks out-of-this-world distance record
e Why Did Coachella Shut Down Beck's Performance?
e Brad Paisley tweets selfie with Westboro Baptist protesters
b JPMorgan Chase Earns 19 Percent Less to Start the Year
m What do mobiles do to children's brains, asks study
b Student Loan Interest Rates Increasing
b Lawmakers must tackle Chicago pension problem; likely first of many cities to  ...
t Ford says sticker MPG overstated on six models
t Google Apps Referral programme kicks off at $15 per user
b Deadline for health insurance sign-ups extended
b Ronald McDonald gets makeover, says he is ready for selfies
t As Tesla Rallies, Elon Musk ETFs Join In
e Miley Cyrus Counseled Jennifer Lawrence After Vomiting At A Post-Oscars Party  ...
e Turkish Drama 'Winter Sleep' Wins Palme d'Or at Cannes - CRIENGLISH.com
t Against Samsung, Apple again seeks decisive US court ruling
e Potato salad crowd fundraiser hits $25k
m Docs see promise in population health, patient engagement
t Dating site OkCupid freely admits lying to its customers
t Apple earnings: Don't expect surprises as consumers await iPhone 6
b Wheat Crop Hurt; Corn, Soybeans Good
m Global drug use prevalence stable, says UNODC
e Lupita Nyong'o Named 'People' Magazine's Most Beautiful
t Facebook experiment under probe, data use policy altered later to include  ...
e Movie Reviews: 'Transcendence,' 'Heaven Is For Real'
b EMU's CPI key on Monday - BTMU
e Seinfeld star Wayne Knight: 'I'm not dead!'
e 'Doctor Strange' Now Has A Director While Marvel Continues To Avoid Auteurs
e The Hottest Stories Right Now!
b OpenTable's High Premium Boosts Yelp to GrubHub: Real M&A
m Africa Battles To Stop Deadly Spread Of Ebola
b Happy Hour Checklist: Beer, March Madness, and Obamacare
b Etihad Airways' luxury suite has a lounge, double bed and an en-suite shower
t Samsung launches Gear Fit fitness band and Gear 2, Gear 2 Neo smartwatches  ...
b Facebook leaves mobile concerns in dust with surge in sales (VIDEO)
b Dubai says launching project to build world's biggest mall
e Kanye West's Best Man Jay-Z Believes Kim Kardashian Wedding is Over the Top
b Five former Madoff aides convicted in mammoth Ponzi-scheme trial
t Free Heartbleed scanner released
t T-Mobile announces free music streaming, #7NightStand and unRadio in Seattle  ...
b British Pound to US Dollar (GBP/USD) Exchange Rate Close to Four-Year High
e IHF says cancellation of Garth Brooks concerts dealt 'severe blow' to Irish tourism
b 405 Freeway Carpool Lanes Set To Open Friday Through Sepulveda Pass
e Yahoo to Revive "Community" for Its Streaming-Video Site
b July 17, 2014, 6:25 am
t Google Snaps Up Solar Drone Maker
e 2014 BET Awards
e Jay Leno And Ellen DeGeneres Lead Boycott Of Famed Beverly Hills Hotel
m Illinois man tests positive for MERS as more deaths noted in Saudi Arabia
b Gold Price Recovers From 1-Month low
e Lena Dunham and Zach Braff lead mass celebrity mocking of Shia LeBeouf  ...
m New medicine could help overdose patients
b World's first marijuana vending machines introduced in Colorado where drug is  ...
e Is Gwyneth Paltrow Using Her Divorce As A Very Effective GOOP Marketing Tool?
e Johnny Depp Confirms Engagement to Amber Heard — Hilariously!
t PlayStation Network is NOW Online After Lizard Squad Attacks
t Apple iPhone 6 Release Date Imminent: Foxconn Hiring Boom Suggests  ...
b Bank of Japan chief quashes additional stimulus hopes
t Microsoft Office for iPad Generates Rare Excitement
t Apple sings a different tune with Beats deal
b Inflation rate climbs to highest level in 2 years
b BLM: Most high priority wells inspected in Alaska
e X-Men: Days of Future Past Trailer: Starting With the X-Man in the Mirror
b Deals Rumor Mill: Bouygues, Citic Pacific, Dish Network
b Inmarsat offers tracking Malaysian plane's loss
b Wall St falls on tech, bank selling
e 'Dancing With the Stars' kicks off with sass, sizzle
b Michaels declines in return to public markets
e A World Where Death Matters: On Game of Thrones and House of Cards
m Local doctor's thoughts on MERS
b Stocks unchanged after big rally
b Taco Bell's ads star real-life Ronald McDonalds
t Windows 'XPires': 400 million active users worldwide left vulnerable to hacking
e Test-Riding World's Tallest Water Slide
b Libyan Navy Attacks Oil Tanker [Update]
e George Lucas Museum Coming To Chicago
m Salmonella linked to chicken ongoing, 524 sickened
e Church calendar for Saturday, April 19
m The medical group recommends against the routine of pelvic exams for women
b US weekly jobless claims up
b UK Services Sector Makes Strong Start to Year
b Amazon, Twitter team up for #AmazonCart: Add items to your shopping cart with  ...
e Miley hits back at overdose claims
t Not a DirecTV subscriber? You can now get NFL Sunday Ticket (maybe)
m Afternoon Headlines: Chief worried about cops abusing alcohol, World Cup  ...
e Zara Sells Striped Star Of David Tee, But It's Cool Because They Have Jewish  ...
b Whole Foods planning a major marketing push
t FTC warns Facebook to maintain WhatsApp privacy standards - Sir, yes sir!
e Video: Bruce Springsteen Covers Van Halen's 'Jump' as He Closes Out 'NCAA  ...
e Andi Dorfman Posts Josh Murray Photo: Does He Win The Bachelorette?
b US oil futures drop to 2-week low ahead of API supply report
b Fed may offer clues on rate timing conundrum
t New iPhone 6 screens to enter production as early as May
e CBS Claims Ratings Win Even as Its Thursday Juggernaut Falls to a Season Low
t Jailed ex-strongman Noriega says damaged by video game portrayal
t Lunar eclipse 2014: When and where to see the 'Blood Moon' arisin' on Tax Day
m Massachusetts officials give green light to 11 medical pot dispensaries, 9 others  ...
e Jenny McCarthy: I'm Engaged to Donnie Wahlberg
e North Korea calls Seth Rogen's new movie an act of war
e Lena Dunham: Her Top 5 'SNL' Moments
b Global shares slip ahead of Fed, investors eye Russia-Ukraine
b Crude oil extends rally on Iraq supply woes
m Autism begins 'long before birth', scientists claim
e Casey Kasem Dies; Legendary Radio Personality Was 82
b Retail sales ring up biggest gain in 18 months
b US Fed eyes October end of asset purchases
e Paul Walker's Brothers Fill-In For Late Actor In Fast & Furious 7
t Incentives to mitigate climate change are not in vain
e Big Bang's Sara Gilbert marries songwriter Linda Perry
e Rihanna Wore a Naked Dress to the CFDA Fashion Awards (NSFW)
b US Federal Reserve vs. Congress: Battle over accountability and transparency
e No, Newman from 'Seinfeld' is not dead
e Elisabeth Vincentelli
m First Edition: May 6, 2014
t Microsoft set to lay off large amounts of staff in upcoming organizational changes
e Led Zeppelin face lawsuit over 'stolen' 'Stairway to Heaven' intro
t Swamped with last-minute comments on net neutrality, FCC extends deadline
t HTC One M8 goes on sale SIM free for £528.98 at Unlocked Mobiles
m Walnuts, hummus recalled over possible listeria
e Michael Jackson Teen Impersonator Invited by King of Pop's Estate to Las Vegas
e Game of Thrones SPOILER: 'Purple Wedding' delivers a shocker
t 2012 Chevrolet Sonic Recalled Because Transmission Turbine Shaft May Fracture
t Microsoft completes acquisition of Nokia's Devices and Services arm
e Officials: Reality TV star Benzino shot by nephew while driving in mother's  ...
e Dwayne Johnson Goes To Battle In New Trailer For Hercules
b Reports: Citigroup Trims Workforce By Another 200 To 300 Positions
e Human Rights Campaign calls for hotels owned by Sultan of Brunei to stop  ...
e Piers Morgan Goes Out Fighting
e Now AOL wants to launch its own streaming movie service
e New 'Mighty Morphin Power Rangers' Movie Announced! Why Saban Should  ...
b Samaras: 'Markets Sealed Their Confidence in Greece'
m Behind-the-Scenes Video: Quintuplets born at Baylor Dallas
e Rumor: Bradley Cooper for Indiana Jones?
t Search Digital Spy
b World stocks recover after strong US data
b Name pays off for Plaucheville's 'Ronald McDonald'
t Sony Early Access: Will Gamers Pay Full Price for Unfinished PS4 Games?
e Watch: Dave Chappelle shares funny stories about Prince and Kanye West
b Manufacturing activity dips in March
b Senate delays Johnson-Crapo housing reform indefinitely
e The Beastie Boys Take Monster to Court Over Ill License
e Social Media Wedding Concierge Is Possibly The Most Pointless Waste Of  ...
b Obamacare adds 3 million to Medicaid rolls
e Lea Michele Moves On With Matthew Paetz, Displays PDA
e Actress Sandra Bullock encounters a stalker in her home; man also facing  ...
m DOH: 6 more Etihad passengers from Region 12 free of MERS-CoV
e Miley Cyrus Performs Secret Show during Bangerz Tour. Wrecking Ball Singer  ...
e Holiday Weekend Box Office Weakest in at Least a Decade
e Emma Watson Stays CLassy For Noah's NYC Premiere
b Dollar climbs as euro struggles near one-year low
e TI & Floyd Mayweather Brawl In Vegas…Over Tiny?
b Chinese survey confirms soil pollution concerns
t Russian-US crew blast off for ISS
b German Stocks Decline On Weak ZEW Data
b Legislation sparks sale of Tesla cars in state
b News Analysis for the Investor on April 17, 2014
b What Challenges Await Target's New CEO Cornell?
e Did Paramount Fiddle the Transformers 4 Box Office Numbers?
m Celgene wins FDA approval for its blockbuster arthritis contender
e Box Office Roundup: '22 Jump Street' Clears ' Dragon 2'
t FarmVille 2: Country Escape launches on mobile today
m Report: Some e-cigarettes deliver carcinogens
b Dollar lower in Asia
b Fukushima worker hospitalised after accident
t Five Things about OCO-2
e Mail Online apologises to Clooney
e 'Mad Men' 7.01 Episode Review and Recap: Time Zones
m Poor sleep equal to binge drinking, marijuana use in predicting academic  ...
t Authorities in Canada, 15 other countries arrest dozens in malware crackdown
e Anita Baker
t Facebook GPS finds 'nearby friends'
e 'Lost River': Cannes Review
b Wipeout? 'Teen Choice' Awards Could Be on the Move After Massive LA Water  ...
e Insane Clown Posse Lose Lawsuit Against FBI
t Higher Ed to FCC: Don't Slow Education Down
e Coachella 2014 Fashion: Celebs Go Wild In California (PHOTOS)
e Michael's Friend Mickey Rooney Dies
e Worldwide box office: 'Noah' on top, 'Frozen' sets new record
e Game Of Thrones Finale The Children: Everything You Need To Know About  ...
e Crystal Light To Present Miranda Lambert U.S. "Platinum" Tour
e Clap along: Pharrell, UN team up to spread the joy on International Day of  ...
b Budget 2014: live coverage
b How much are you willing to pay for an avocado?
e VIDEO: Valerie Harper Advises 'Live the Moment' on TODAY
t PC market experiences "revival" but smartphones sales continue to surge finds  ...
e Johnny Depp Confirms His Engagement to Amber Heard in the Weirdest Way  ...
t Konami Code Unlocks 'Cheat Mode' in Google Voice Search
b Dollar slides versus euro, Swiss franc in New York
e Web to Watch: New trailer for 'Orange Is the New Black'
b Yellen Says Constraining Fed Would Be a 'Grave Mistake'
e 'Game Of Thrones': Jack Gleeson Tells About Wedding Shocker — Interview
t Mars 2020 Rover To Carry Weather Instruments, Explore Conditions For Human  ...
b Buy weakness, trim rallies
e Chris Brown Trying to Kill Himself? Not Sleeping & Eating in PrisonMarch 20 04  ...
b China Court Impounds Japanese Ship in Unprecedented Seizure (2)
t Google Presents Android Wear Interface For Wearables
e Angela Bassett directing 'Whitney Houston' for Lifetime
e Links for the Day: Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin Consciously Uncouple  ...
b Euro falls to three-month low on weak German data
m HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius resigning
m Giraffe's final goodbye: kisses for a dying zoo worker
b NTSB says Alaska Airlines jet had “near miss” with cargo plane
b Asian shares slump, yen gains as investors await BOJ
e Harrison Ford crushes ankle on Star Wars set
t Frank Frankovsky leaves Facebook for open-source hardware business
e Rapper Benzino Shot: 'Love & Hip Hop Atlanta' Star Shot Multiple Times by  ...
e EMMY AWARDS: Robin Williams tribute and complete winners list
e Jennifer Lopez Says "F" Word on American Idol, Set to Receive GLAAD Award
b Social media stocks flying high as LinkedIn beats Wall Street estimates
t KitKat now rolling out to Sprint's LG G2
t Google Apps for Business referrals: hard bargain or hard sell?
b Fed weighs how to retool rate guidance
e Diagon Alley at Universal Orlando officially opens
t Top 10 newly found species revealed
t Google Nexus 4 vs. Samsung Galaxy S3: Specs And Price Difference
e 'Action Comics' No. 1: Superman debut issue fetches record sale price »
t Potential Net Neutrality Changes Spark Lobbying Storm
b Target hopes leadership change can improve results in Canada
e Captain America almost had another superhero name
t What will Facebook do with virtual reality?
b UPDATE 2 – BNP to pay US$9bn in US sanctions case, face dollar-clearing ban
t Elon Musk responds quickly to customers' big ad, Tesla suggestions
b AT&T to Buy Satellite Television Provider DirecTV for $48.5 Billion
t Samsung adding anti-theft solutions to smartphones
b Amazon's Pricing Dispute Sets Book Expo Buzzing
e Miley Cyrus rides a horse statue topless in expanded 'Adore You' cover art  ...
m GlaxoSmithKline to continue MAGE-A3 cancer drug trial
b Investors divided on Lululemon — 'the single most controversial' specialty  ...
b Vietnamese must be responsible for protecting foreign investors, labors: minister
b Daniel Bryan Comments On Bo Dallas, Former Diva At Money In The Bank, Brie  ...
b Chrysler reports $690 million first quarter loss
b Chrysler's US May sales jump 17pc
t Google Makes Its Nest At The Center Of The Smart Home
t Good news/bad news for US air quality
t Pinocchio rex: the new old dinosaur unearthed by Scots scientists
t Ok, Google: introducing Android Wear, a voice-controlled operating system for  ...
m See How Right-Wing Media "Covered" Obamacare's Big News Day
t Samsung Galaxy K Zoom goes official with 20.7MP camera, 10x Optical Zoom
b Sales of new US homes plunge 14.5% in March
b Sbarro Again Files for Bankruptcy
e One Direction's Zayn Malik and Louis Tomlinson 'smoke drugs' in leaked footage
t Sling's New Slingbox Is Better (and Cheaper) Than Ever
e Katt Williams Being Investigated For Allegedly Pulling A Gun Following Comedy  ...
t Crafty Google adds VR to its fold -- using folded cardboard headsets
b Yelp Reports A Profit For The First Time Since Going Public
b Dish (DISH) Approached DirectTV (DTV) About Potential Mega-Merger - Report
t Alleged iPhone 6 Sapphire Front Panels Put Through Durability Tests
m Electronic cigarettes banned in many public places throughout 5 boroughs
e Kate Winslet Debuts Slim Post-Baby Body at Her Walk of Fame Ceremony!
m Risk of car crashes jumps during second trimester of pregnancy: study
t RunKeeper Launches New 'Breeze' Activity and Step Tracking App
b Oil slips closer to $103 as supply fears recede
b Europe shares track Wall Street sell-off; Holcim, Lafarge surge
t Microsoft Rumored To Be Prepping Virtual Reality Hardware Of Their Own
b Video: Taco Bell Launches New Breakfast Menu via Ronald McDonald Video  ...
e Pippa Middleton gives her first TV interview
m Wireless-controlled Contraceptive Microchip Coming Soon
e New Star Wars Book Line Announced
m Saudi Arabia reports five new Mers deaths
t Facebook's New Audio Recognition Feature Can Listen to the User's Audios and  ...
e Beyonce to Face Off Against Ariana Grande, Miley Cyrus at MTV VMAs
m Local medical students avert Match Day nightmares
b Jessica Alba's eco-friendly baby business bounces toward $1B
t Sony reveals Project Morpheus Virtual Reality headset
e Mickey Rooney, man of many movies and marriages, dies
e True Blood finally gives Ryan Kwanten and Alexander Skarsgard chance to  ...
b Snapchat gets US$10b valuation
t Octopus supermom sets egg-brooding record
e 'Brick Mansions,' movie review
e Angelina Jolie Looks Devilish in New IMAX Poster for Maleficent (Photo)
b Allergan rejects Valeant Pharma's 'cut and slash' take-over
e See Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's First Kiss as Husband and Wife
t The GM ignition scandal and the case for public ownership
e Brad Pitt Hunts For Nazis in 'Fury'
b Pfizer said to have held now-dormant talks to buy AstraZeneca
b Deals Rumor Mill: Reynolds American, Travelex, TSB Bank
b General Mills reverses controversial move to bar customer lawsuits
t Reports- Iphones Held For Ransome
b Chipotle Mexican Grill Stock Rating Upgraded by Longbow Research (CMG)
t Yellowstone Supervolcano? Nope, Just Iceland Volcano Eruption, Earthquakes  ...
e Wu-Tang Clan To Release Only One Copy Of Top Secret Album
b Twitter stock slumps as lock-up expires
e Captain America: The Winter Soldier Earns Over $96M in Debut Weekend
t Gas prices continue to rise, reaching $3.61 for a gallon of regular gasoline | The  ...
b Analysts still upbeat about Barclays despite H1 profit decline
t Japan Looks to Start New Antarctic Whaling Program
m Expanding Ebola toll and reach prompts high-level meeting
m MERS Watch: New Cases, New Antibodies
e Khloé Kardashian 'Rocked To Her Core' By Brother Rob Kardashian's Partying
e Ansel Elgort on The Fault in Our Stars: 'I'm happy to be a role model'
m KIDS ARE ALRIGHT Children Of Same-Sex Parents Are Happier, Healthier
m This Year's Craziest Restaurant Meal: 3.5K Calories
t Keep watching the skies: Tips for meteor show
b Forex - Euro firms up but ECB easing threat weighs
e Jude Law, Jimmy Fallon have a 'Funny Face-Off' on 'Tonight Show' (Video)
t eBay hacking: online gangs are after you
b Geopolitical Tensions Have Silver ETFs Shining
e Game Of Thrones, spoilers, and good manners
e Pat Sajak: Climate Change Believers Are 'Racists'
t Tesla Motors, Inc. Adds Greater Protection to Vehicles to Prevent Possible Fire  ...
b Mortgage Rate Improvement Today at Citibank, Wells Fargo Jun 28, 2014
t Samsung Galaxy S5 India launch Live Webcast
e Morrissey cancels his entire U.S. tour — including Chicago
b Company Update (NYSE:PFE): Second UK lawmaker panel to call Pfizer  ...
b TV: AT&T in Talks to Acquire Direc…
t Samsung Galaxy S5 dual-SIM variant announced
m North Carolina missionary contracts Ebola
e Hugh Jackman Wants Wolverine To Face The Hulk
t eBay users must change passwords after cyber hack
m Don't just be cheap - be smart about it, too
e De Niro's regret over gay dad
t HP bets $1 billion on cloud computing
t Microsoft to close Nokia deal on Friday
b FOMC Keeps Tapering, Mum on Timing of Rate Hike
t If Heartbleed spells the end of passwords, what should replace them?
b Feds to FL: Cut Emissions 38%
e Miley Cyrus calls Avril Lavigne a "dumb f**king bitch" and fights her in Instagram  ...
e Hercules Starring The Rock
t Come on feel the toys: What's new in Skylanders Trap Team
e Mila Kunis FINALLY confirms she's pregnant while Reese Witherspoon berates  ...
e I respected Ultimate Warrior, says UFC Hall of Famer Ken Shamrock
t Microsoft's Hard Sell For Surface Event
e Fans can win role in new Star Wars film
e Mickey Rooney has died at 93
m Congress Makes Sovaldi A Scapegoat: The Cost-Innovation Paradox In The U.S.  ...
e Swift: Music industry isn't dying
e Book Review: Dawn Of The Planet Of The Apes: Firestorm
t Microsoft Successfully Challenged FBI Request for Customer Data
e The Sopranos Creator Says Tony Soprano Is Not Dead
e Metropolitan Opera extends labor talks with unions, averting midnight lockout  ...
b Citigroup to pay $7bn in mortgages probe
b Stocks in the Spotlight – SunPower Corporation (SPWR), SINA Corp (SINA  ...
t Apple announces slightly cheaper MacBook Air, features better battery life
t Lights wink out for Earth Hour's global crowdfunding call
e What to Watch on Sunday: The season finale of “Game of Thrones”
e 'Dancing With the Stars' winners are ...
t Google buys Titan Aerospace, maker of solar-powered drones
e Maksim Chmerkovskiy and Meryl Davis: The truth behind their relationship is out
e New episodes of Full House coming to TV? Have mercy!
e The Walking Dead Season 4 Finale breaks records
m CDC: First case of MERS infection transmitted inside the US
e Pharrell Partners With Peace Love World for 'Happy' Tees
t Earth's twin? NASA discovers Earth-like planet
e Resurrection Day for mankind
t AT&T May Bail On Spectrum Auction If Restrictions Adopted
b Investigation of Asiana air crash focused on pilots' actions, plane's automated  ...
e Star Wars: Episode VII Might Get Another Female Lead
e Style Files: Rihanna's Dress at CFDA Awards Leaves Little to the Imagination
t Stephen Elop says 'possibilities are endless' as Nokia is acquired by Microsoft
b Mass strike threatens to cripple S.Africa engineering sector
e L'Wren Scott Death Update: Fashion Designer's Friends Knew about Financial  ...
b Abercrombie Minimizes Logos, Embraces Social Media
e Piers Morgan Ends Final CNN Show With Heartfelt Broadside Against America's  ...
t Gartner: PC, tablet and mobile phone shipments to go up 4.2 percent in 2014
m WHO holds emergency talks as MERS virus spreads
t NSA denies exploiting 'Heartbleed' vulnerability
t Dong Nguyen releases screenshot of new 'Flappy Bird' game
e Maleficent: Two New Clips And A Featurette Released
t Gasoline prices climb in OK
b US Consumer Confidence Jumps In March To 82.3
e Sharknado 2 gives us the best opening in cinematic history
t E3 2014: Microsoft on Original Xbox One Policies -- "It Was the Right Vision"
b EasyJet Sees Narrower Pre-tax Loss In Six-month Period - Quick Facts
t RECALL: General Motors recalls 56214 Saturns for gear shift problem
e Well, This Is Certainly A New Look For Rihanna
b CBO: National debt doubles since financial crisis
b Wal-Mart, Wild Oats team up to offer cheaper line of organic foods
t NASA erases 2009 failure to launch carbon-tracking satellite
t Heartbleed bug update: BlackBerry promises fix, Android users kept waiting
b Report: Missing plane flew low to avoid radar
m Weed use up, cocaine use down: study
e 'Scandal' Actor Columbus Short Arrested For Allegedly Punching Man At West  ...
e 'Reading Rainbow' Is Making A Comeback, Thanks To Kickstarter
t Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Smashes Earnings Estimates
e George Zimmerman Signs Autographs at Gun Show Like He's a Hero (VIDEO)
t Mercedes-Benz recall includes 284000 cars with faulty taillights
e Chris Brown Ordered to Spend 131 Days in Jail
t Google Project Ara: Everything you need to know
b US Economy Down 2.9%
e The Bachelorette pays tribute to Eric Hill on his final episode
t Tshwane switches off for earth hour
t Tesla Adds Shielding to Prevent Model S Fires, Protect EVs' Reputation
t Where's Microsoft's Surface Mini? For now, bigger is better
b US Federal Judge Approves $1.8 Billion Steven Cohen Insider Trading Settlement
b Florida's unemployment rate remains unchanged
t Facebook gets FTC approval and privacy warning for WhatsApp deal
b Country's GDP Rises to US$510 Billion in 24 Years
e Shia LaBeouf removed from Broadway theater for rowdiness
m Study shows marijuana use linked to heart problems
t Toyota payment could be glimpse into General Motors' future
e 'Once Upon a Time' casts 'Frozen' characters Anna and Kristoff
e Transcendence: Shooter changes focus
m E-cigarettes gaining in popularity among young people
b Twitter's New CFO Noto: Strategic, Says Nomura; No Public Experience, Says  ...
m Spread of MERS in S. Arabia accelerates with 17 new cases
m Let's Follow Our Instincts On E-Cigarettes
t Microsoft Zero-Day Reveals Windows XP Exposure, Say Experts
e First night of Passover, lunar eclipse coincide
e David Fincher Won't Direct Steve Jobs Movie Because Of Alleged $10 Million  ...
b Disclose extra fees, airlines asked by feds
e Transformers - Transformers: Age Of Extinction Continues To Dominate North  ...
b Can British Renewables Survive Another Tory Government?
b Greenpeace hit with $5.2 million loss after employee makes bad bet on currency
b A Call to Tear Down 10 Percent of Detroit's Buildings, Right Now
b 5 tips for selling your home for the best price
e Battle Of The Tear-Jerkers: Will 'If I Stay' Prove As Popular As 'The Fault In Our  ...
m British Ebola Patient Arrives at London Hospital
t Apple iPad 12.9-Inch Rumors: Pro Tablet & Macbook Hybrid Could Be Next after  ...
b Cyprus bank depositors sued the ECB and the EC
b US economy adds 288000 jobs in June, surpassing expectations
t Xbox One and PS4 High Sales Continue
e Macauley Culkin's 'The Pizza Underground' UK tour isn't going very well
e Selena Gomez stalker charged with felony
e Jay Z and Beyonce release fake movie trailer for joint 'On The Run' tour, starring  ...
e 'Dancing with the Stars' Recap: The Semifinals with Judge Kenny Ortega
e Jamie Foxx to star as Mike Tyson in upcoming biopic
b Oil prices drift lower in Asian trade
b UPDATE 3-Weir Group proposes tie-up with Finland's Metso
e RIP Archie: Riverdale hero to kick the comic book bucket in July
t PlayStation 4 Sells 7 Million Units Globally
b MH370 puzzle raises legal problems
e Elton John to marry longtime partner David Furnish in May
b Shire Agrees To GBP32 Billion Merger With AbbVie
t Text To 911 Goes Live, With A Few Limitations by Laura Heck
t 5 ways you can reduce distractions while driving
b Census: US has fewest births since 1998
m Prayer vigil held for Charlotte woman fighting Ebola
e Feds Say Powdered Liquor Not Actually Legal
t Titanfall companion app out now on iOS, Android
b Stocks post modest gains as earnings roll in
e Coldplay dedicates song to Jagger
e Sharknado 2 set to attack viewers tonight
e Domhnall Gleeson officially announced as part of cast of new Star Wars movie
t HTC One M8 Vs Sony Xperia Z2: Which Offers Better Value For Money? Specs  ...
e HBO Offers Free Sample of 'Game Of Thrones'
m Hologic's 3D Mammography Improves Breast Cancer Screening
b Wisconsin's Unemployment Rate at 6.1% in February
t Lunar Eclipse: Will We Be Able To See Tonight's 'Blood Moon'? (LIVE STREAM)
t Rollings Middle School of the Arts student state winner in Google 4 Doodle
t Microsoft Says It Will Comply With Law in China Amid Probe
b Asian Buyers of Iraq Oil Look Elsewhere
e Keaton on form in Venice
e How Dangerous Is Coachella, Really?
e 'Field of Dreams' Anniversary Dream Come True for Fans
b Existing-Home Sales Heat Up in May, Inventory Levels Continue to Improve
b 4th of July gas prices sparking at highest levels since 2008
b US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St opens flat with data on tap
b Rising Rates Sap Mortgage Application Activity
b Missing Malaysian plane: More planes join ocean hunt
t Crows Solve Aesop's Fable, Possess Reasoning Skills Of A 7-Year-Old Child
e Chris Hemsworth, wife welcome twins?
b Japan Has Y908.963 Billion Yen Trade Deficit
b 'Candy Crush' leads game maker to IPO counter
t Wildlife: Pollinators keep the world green
e Eve and Maximillion Cooper Get Married in Ibiza
e 'Normal Heart' will break yours
b Black cab drivers to protest against mobile app Uber
b US stocks: Dow closes above 17000
e Dwayne Johnson Talks Potential DC Film Roles
e Ariana Grande's Fight With Jennette McCurdy Is Like Her Fight With Victoria  ...
e Ailing Miley Cyrus postpones US tour, will resume in August
t SoftBank CEO: US mobile broadband industry needs more competition
e 'Ant-Man' director out, studio claims it's an 'amicable decision'
b UK inflation has fallen for the sixth month running
e Andrew Lincoln (Rick Grimes) Not Dead After Season 4 Finale; He Did a  ...
t YouTube is bringing video streaming at 48 and 60 FPS
e North Korea Blasts New Seth Rogen Comedy as 'Act of War'
t Police charge man, 19, in Heartbleed privacy breach at Canada Revenue Agency
b Database: CEO salaries at S&P 500 companies for 2013
b Erasing The Blight In Detroit Will Cost $850 Million
b After long wait, Malaysia releases missing jet data
e Chris Brown is back in jail for a month proving once a scumbag always a  ...
b China's inflation edges up to 2.4 percent amid signs of slowing economic growth  ...
e Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber reportedly had a private dance lesson on  ...
e Andy Samberg rocks a 'sexy' earring in 'SNL' promo with St. Vincent
b Candy Crush Saga Tips and Similar Android Games to Download for Free
e Erykah Badu attempts to kiss reporter during live shot
b Argentina blames US after second default
e 'Breaking Bad,' Parsons take home Emmys
b Why General Electric (GE) Stock Is Up Today
b Oracle buying Micros for $5.3 billion
m Tourists from Ebola risk areas under strict observation
e Tatiana Maslany On Looking Herself In The Eye
e 'The Voice:' The winner is crowned
e 'Gone Girl' trailer: Ben Affleck professes his innocence
t 2014 Amateur Radio Field Day Contest
b US Orders Railroads to Alert States When Oil Is Shipped (1)
e Lana Del Rey Premieres 'West Coast' Music Video, Branded 'A True Eccentric  ...
e Miley Cyrus turns Elle covergirl in a sparkly jumpsuit
e Disney hikes Disneyland Ticket prices without prior notice
e This man set a record for hosting 'Jeopardy!' Who is ... Alex Trebek?
t Google Play Gets a 'People' Section for App Suggestions from Your Friends
e Shia LaBeouf Sent Cabaret DVD By Liza Minnelli Rep After Arrest At Musical
b Libyan militia commander seeks US help
e 'Power Rangers' movie franchise announced at Lionsgate, Twitter reacts
m Few residents attend Master Plan workshop
b Actos Bellwether Trial: $9 Billion Verdict for Plaintiffs
e Area Easter services
b Historic $1.8 Billion Penalty Finalized Against Cohen's SAC Capital Advisors
m The World Is Currently Facing The Worst Ebola Outbreak In History
e Singletary: It's OK to show love with gifts
t Graco agrees to largest infant seat recall in US history
e Why Rolf Harris may be out by Christmas 2017
e Scarlett Johansson Talks About Life, Love, Work, Family and Having It All
e Bride To Be Kim Kardashian Goes On Shopping Spree Ahead Of Kanye West  ...
b Siemens Chief Makes His Case to French Lawmakers
e Courtney Love thinks she's found Malaysian plane – and posts images as 'proof'
m Caffeine affects boys and girls differently
b US House Prices Slow Down Due to Lower Demand
t Microsoft to sell Xbox One in China in September
e Turns out The Ultimate Warrior died of a broken heart after all / Scrape TV - The  ...
t Microsoft Corporation Unveils iPad Office App
e Mark Wahlberg brings kids, wife to 'Transformers' premiere
e 'Godzilla' flattens box office with monstrous debut
b Tesla loses $50 million in 1Q as costs rise
b Choice of new CEO proves Target's chief target is food
e Movie Review: 'Transcendence' Doesn't Live Up To Its Title
e Prolific actor Eli Wallach dies at 98
t Novartis, Google Team Up on Lenses -- Update
e The Voice: Soul men, cute couples and a Joplin throwdown
e Darren Aronofsky honours his English teacher at Noah premiere
t Facebook Introducing “Buy” Button
b Kocherlakota says Fed's new guidance creates uncertainty
e Singer Jessica Simpson weds Eric Johnson
t This Smart Feeder Tracks Eating Habits of Cats; Uses Facial-Recognition Software
b Mortgage Interest Rates at Capital One Financial on April 17, 2014
b Home Refinance Rates: Bank of America 30-Year Mortgage Rates Roundup for  ...
b Calm Down, People: Citi Bike Is Gonna Be Just Fine
t Google Gives $150 Credit To Pixel Owners For Verizon Data Issue
b The Note's Must-Reads for Tuesday, March 18, 2014
b Walgreen Company: Walgreen Co. Reports Fiscal 2014 Third Quarter Results
e 'Dancing with the Stars' crowns a new mirror-ball trophy winner
e Powdered alcohols no longer have label approvals; government cites 'error'
b The Home Depot, Inc. (NYSE:HD) Will It Beat The Expectations
b GM Has Recalled 4.8 Million Vehicles This Year
t Sprint Must Be Dreamin. New Wireless Plans Go Dumpster Diving
b European Stocks Mixed on Fall in German Ifo Index
t Millions Of Android Phones At Risk For Heartbleed
t New York Times article: European Court Lets Users Erase Records on Web
m Government Study Shows Teens are Texting More While Driving
b Greece To Get EUR 8.3 Bln Bailout Fund In 3 Installments
b PR Newswire
t The Last of Us Remastered to release for PS4 on June 20, according to retailers
t Google Chose An Interesting New York City Location To Open Its First Store
e Kimye wedding trolled by New York Sports Club, New York Post, Internet in  ...
b BNP braced for 'heavy penalty' over alleged sanctions breaches
e MTV Review: Godzilla
b Cabinet to mull bitcoin regulation 'if necessary'
e Fleetwood Mac Reuniting With Christine McVie For Tour
t Microsoft launches trade-in scheme for SMBs
b Japan Has Y612.7 Billion Current Account Surplus In February
m CDC: 1 in 6 Americans Got Food Poisoning in 2013
e 'Game Of Thrones' Viewers Crash HBO Go Due To Overwhelming Demand
e 'The Bachelorette' finale spoilers: Will Reality Steve be vindicated?
e Harrison Ford Hurt On Set of 'Star Wars' Movie
e Leno Speaks at Hotel Protest, Compares Sultan of Brunei to Donald Sterling
e Cheer Up Sad Batman. Marquee Spot in Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice
b 8 on Your Side: Businesses offer Tax Day deals
t New Car Won't Need a Steering Wheel
e Hugh Jackman Forgot to Warn His Daughter About Nude X-Men Scene
e Rolf's lucky tie became a choker
e Weekend Movie Preview: June 27, 2014
e Costner plays in celebrity game and plays catch with fans
t Apple Teaming with Comcast for New Apple TV (Report)
b Wall Street edges up, pushing S&P 500 near record
b Gold Fundamental Analysis August 1, 2014 Forecast
t Google I/O 2014, cliff notes edition
e Leonardo DiCaprio Raving To MGMT Is The Only Coachella Video You Need To  ...
t Apple-IBM deal dents BlackBerry's prospects, slams stock
b Fired Yahoo executive gets $58 million for 15 months of work
b Blackstone Quadruples Pinnacle Investment With $6.6 Billion Sale
b Barclays Axing 19000 Jobs - but Britain Bears the Brunt
t Original HTC One, Samsung Galaxy S4, Galaxy S3 Included among Newegg  ...
e Fox Cancels Dads, Surviving Jack, and Enlisted
b Philippines to raise China dispute at ASEAN summit
b LA film firm Relativity Media is looking to hijack The Walt Disney Company's  ...
e Watch the Final Trailer for X-Men: Days of Future Past!
e New Bachelorette contestant Eric Hill in coma following paragliding accident
t Windows XP to end support of software
b Report: Apple nearing $3.2 billion deal to buy Beats Electronics' popular line of  ...
e Despite Her Best Efforts, Courtney Love Has Not Found Malaysia Airlines Flight  ...
b Stocks Extend Gains In Afternoon; Ford Jumps 5%
e Shia LaBeouf Charged With Disorderly Conduct and Criminal Trespass in  ...
b Gilead offers Egypt new hepatitis C drug at 99 pct discount
t New Jersey To Allow Direct Sales Of Electric Cars; Tesla Motors' Prospects Widen
t What the Aereo Decision Means for Tech and Cloud Computing
e Johnny Manziel Partied With Justin Bieber and Floyd Mayweather in Beverly  ...
t Largest dinosaur fossils found in Argentina
m Ebola reaches capital of Guinea so that's the end of Guinea apparently / Scrape  ...
e New Michael Jackson Album Produced By Timbaland, To Be Released In May
b On eve of IPO, how does King Digital compare to Zynga?
b Malaysia says will release satellite data on missing jet
t Survey: The future is sci-fi with flying cars and teleportation within 50 years
t Nordstrom Catalog Acknowledges That People With Disabilities Like Fashion Too
t This asteroid has rings like Saturn, somehow
t Jupiter's Great Red Spot shrinking
e American Idol 2014 Eliminated Jessica Meuse In May 8th Show Tonight
t Buzz: Where were you when I walked on moon?
t US Supreme Court rules against online TV startup Aereo
e Fargo Review: Yes or No?
e Scout Willis frees her nipples
b Yellen says key task of central bank is to respond to economy's fluctuations
b Citigroup reported to be facing $10 billion fine over mortgage misdeeds
e Kim Kardashian Stalker Taken Into Custody After Appearing At Mother's Home  ...
t LG's first 4K Ultra-HD OLED TVs available to pre-order this week
b Ross Douthat: Marx is back, but he's playing to a small house
e Zac Efron 'Was With Convicted Drug Dealer At Time Of Alleged Attack' As  ...
b British unemployment rate drops below 7.0pc
b Hundreds enroll as health care deadline looms
e 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' Gets Second Trailer (VIDEO)
m US hospitals on alert for patients returning from Africa
b China HSBC PMI deteriorates for third consecutive month
e Miley Cyrus' Rant About Liam Hemsworth Is Everything You Wish You Could  ...
b Manufacturing recovery pace slows
t ​Facebook plans to spread web access with 'drones, satellites and lasers'
t You can Forget About That Nike Fuelband App on Android, Nike Reportedly  ...
e Mad Men season 7 episode 6 review: The Strategy
m Fortified Foods May Be Dangerous
b Peltz's Trian Plants Its Flag in BNY Mellon - 3nd Update
e The Other Woman, reviewed: Leslie Mann and Cameron Diaz's ladies who  ...
e Columbia ministers will speak the '7 Last Words' of Jesus
t Why Has Amazon Risked Distraction By Releasing The Fire Smartphone?
b How Investors are Finding Ways to Bet on Uber
m Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) is being investigated over worker death at US  ...
m Jerry Brown keeps gloves off California bartenders, chefs
m Report suggests skin cancer cases on the rise in Canada
e Lindsay Lohan suing Rockstar over Grand Theft Auto 5 character likeness
e 'Happy' dancing video results in arrest of 6 young men and women in Iran
t Star set to swallow two exoplanets in 130 million and 155 million years
b US Can Once Again Export Crude Oil
m Is the Tequila Diet About to Become a Thing?
e 'Guardians of the Galaxy' Review
e Healthcare Changes Since "Mad Men"
t New Google Glass chief Ivy Ross not your typical techie
b Netflix announces looming price hike
t Sony might discount PS4's The Last of Us for game's existing owners
e Kate and Wills attend children's mental health conference
t Samsung Galaxy S5 debuts to world, lukewarm reception
b New leadership at Target Canada
e Justices skeptical in Internet TV case
e And between the three songs, singing 'Real Housewives,' and a Michael  ...
t iPhone 6 screens said to enter production next month
e Godzilla 2014 Sequel Said To Be Confirmed
t Viacom and Google Resolve Copyright Lawsuit
t BlackBerry CEO John Chen Blasts New Android Security With Knox
e Kiesza Takes You To Her Hideaway At The MuchMusic Video Awards!
b California board considers hefty fines for water wasters
t US probes Nissan cars for unwanted acceleration
t What does Elon Musk fear? Artificial Intelligence, apparently
t “Click It or Ticket” campaign starts today
m Sector Update: Healthcare Shares Higher Pre-Market
t Report: Apple close to buying Beats for $3.2 billion
t Boeing Gets NASA Contract for Largest Space Launch System
t Scientists discover dinosaur, name it 'chicken from hell'
e There's quite a difference between Audrey Hepburn and bootylicious Kim  ...
m Asia demand driving global meth market: UN
b Icahn Issues Letter on Shareholders' Square Table: Says eBay Could Conduct  ...
t Creation Museum unveils dino skeleton
e Community canceled by NBC
b eBay profits rise despite 'challenging quarter'
t California scientist has a knack for finding alien worlds like our own
e LIVE CHAT: Game of Thrones,'The Laws of Gods and Men,' Sunday, 9 pm ET
t Living Materials': Inspired By Bone, MIT Invents E. Coli-Based Substance That  ...
e Wayne Knight Dead In A Car Accident? Seinfield Actor Who Played Newman  ...
b Police backtrack claims that man is linked to Target breach - WNEM TV 5
e 'Noah' floods the Box Office this weekend
t Cell Towers Go Stealth with More Sophisticated Camoflauge
m FDA Warns of Cancer Risk with Fibroid Procedure
t Samsung Galaxy S4: How To Unlock It (Free Method)
t Court grants 'right to be forgotten' from Google
m Just how dirty are the dollars in your pocket?
e Aronofsky's bold 'Noah' a fascinating ride
t FTC Advises Customers to Keep Tab on Phone Bills to Check Cramming Charges
e A Portrait of Katy Perry Will be Added to the National Portrait Gallery
e Stephen Colbert outraged at "Stephen Colbert" for outraging Twitter
b Amazon.com Sees Unusually-High Trading Volume After Analyst Upgrade (AMZN)
t Kids spend too much time with technology
e 4th of July Fireworks New York City 2014: Annual Macy's Show Featuring Ariana  ...
t iPhone 6: Ultra-Retina Display, Slimmer Body & More Rumors
e Erykah Badu Awkwardly Crashes TV News Liveshot by Trying to Kiss Reporter  ...
b U.S. producer prices jump in March
e 'Dancing With The Stars' Recap: The Switch-Up
t Night Launch Sends Crew to International Space Station
b At least we have something to look forward to next week
t VIDEO: Creationists Want Time On deGrasse Tyson's 'Cosmos'
b Yahoo Eyes Big Bucks As Alibaba Files For IPO
t Google+ Stories, Movies Make it Easy to Share Memories
b UPDATE 3-Medtronic to buy Covidien for $42.9 bln, rebase in Ireland
e Adam Richman's 'Man Finds Food' Show Pulled Down Following Rant: Is He  ...
e Cristina Yang Says Goodbye During Mostly Boring 'Grey's Anatomy' Finale
m Lauderdale County Prepares for Event of the Year
b Putin Pledges Support For Shell Russia Expansion
e Believe it! Journey frontman's triumphant return
m Justina Pelletier Returns Home Today
e Watch Ryan Lewis Hit the Streets to Ask People What It Is He Does
t Leahy: How will Comcast-Time Warner deal impact consumers?
e 'The Voice' Recap: The Battles Part 2 Continues
b BofA Q2 Earnings Off 43% on Litigation Costs
e Did Y'all Get The Memo? The Most Interesting Met Gala Costumes
t Google Search Extends Support To Android Apps
b Hey, it works!
b IBM posts lower 1Q earnings amid hardware slump - WBOC-TV 16, Delmarvas  ...
b Asian shares slip before US Federal Reserve policy review
e Zendaya pulls out of Aaliyah Lifetime biopic days after furious family vow to stop  ...
m Sierra Leone Has First Ebola Outbreak
b SunTrust Reaches $320M Deal To Resolve Mortgage Probe
e Nobel Laureate Novelist Gabriel Garcia Marquez Dies at 87
e Springsteen closes out Final Four music festival - WBOC-TV 16, Delmarvas  ...
t Fiat Chrysler CEO: Please Don't Buy The Electric Car The Government Makes  ...
m Don't Mix Politics With Health Issues
t Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 10.1 gets listed for Rs 36340 on official store
e Diane Sawyer's New Role at ABC News
t Watch Dogs Primer: What You Need to Know
b Darden to sell Red Lobster, keep OG
e Courtney Love joins Sons of Anarchy final season with Marilyn Manson
e Hangout Fest sold out this weekend
e 5 Reasons Marvel Turning Thor Into a Woman Actually Matters
e Six things Mad Men can teach us about relationships
t Alibaba files for big US IPO; Indian SMEs among the top buyers on Alibaba.com
t IPCC report shows need for global agreement on emissions
e HGTV drops show starring twins - one brother is accused of being anti-gay  ...
e Miley Cyrus slams overdose rumours that flooded the web and says antibiotics  ...
t Amazon has acquired Twitch for $1-billion.
t 8 things to know about Amazon's new Fire Phone (Video)
m New Study Links Pesticides Exposure to Autism
t China bans windows 8 operating system
b Exchange Rates UK - Pound To Dollar Under Pressure, Pound To Euro  ...
t Mozilla Endorses Marriage Equality Despite CEO's Prop 8 Donation
b Stock market rises on merger news - WNCN: News, Weather
e Tom Cruise - Tom Cruise Surprises Fans At Movie Theatre
e Lea Michele reportedly dating gigolo
b IMF chief hints at cut in growth forecasts
e Will Jay Z And Beyonce Hit The Road Together This Summer?
t New Apple iPhone likely out in September: Report
b Bulgarian Debt Rating Cut by S&P on 'Volatile' Politics
b Lockheed Martin Selected To Provide U.S. Air Force With Space Fence Radar  ...
e Mad Men season 7 episode 1 recap: 'Time Zones'
b General Mills new legal policy has lots of people scratching their heads
e Lorde Is Playing an Important Role in 'The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1′
e Miley Cyrus in the Hospital: All Quacked Up!
m Beef recall: Gordon Food Service added to list
e 3 hours ago 'X-Men' dominates holiday box office with $91M
b Ukraine, Russia 'doomed to be together': Fin Min
e Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Are Close To Naked For Their Versailles Pre  ...
b Mixed open for stocks in holiday-shortened week
t Dark Surprise: Aston Martin DB9 Carbon Editions Now Available in US [2014  ...
m Organic mangoes tainted with listeria recalled by San Francisco company
b Satya Nadella: Microsoft Will Show 'Courage In The Face Of Reality'
t Google, the “right to be forgotten”, and the Streisand Effect: Here's what you  ...
e Mmm, Jamie Foxx Can Make the Ugliest Words Ever Hot as Hell
b Will Twitter's Q1 earnings meet Wall Street expectations?
b Treasury Yields Rise Amid More Mixed Data As ECB, May Jobs Report Await
e Josh Elliott Leaving GMA For NBC Sports, Amy Robach Named News Anchor
e Lorde's “Royals” gets the Weird Al “FOIL” parody treatment in music video
b VW aims for bumper growth in China
b AT&T and DirecTV CEOs: Expect more original programming, no 'a la carte  ...
t Free in-flight Movies for Apple Devices on United Airlines
t Mysterious, Giant Crater Appears in Siberia
e Kiesza Brings 'Hideaway' and 'Giant in My Heart' to Jimmy Kimmel: VIDEO
b Investors Await Data with a lower stocks Inch
e Millions ready for 'Mad Men' final season
e Ralph Lauren talks 5 decades in fashion as Smithsonian honours his work, effort  ...
e Who's That Guy in the 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' Credits Scene?
b Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ)'s Green Energy Projects Boost Shareholder  ...
b GM Hires Back Exec from VW to Take Over Public Relations
e Oprah Winfrey Is Taking Her Talents On Tour To 8 Cities! AND Deepak Chopra  ...
b Citi takes $100M charge, settles claims
b Dow reaches milestone
b IRS Warns Of Biggest Tax Scam Ever
e (LEAD) Japanese head for N. Korea to visit graves of kin
t Top 10 Android app updates this week: CNN, WeMo, Flickr
e Richard Gere Has "Been Quietly Dating 'Top Chef' Host Padma Lakshmi
e Celebrities read mean tweets about themselves on 'Jimmy Kimmel Live'
e Movie Review: Guardians Of The Galaxy 3D IMAX (12A)
t Earth's Shadow…Foreshadows?
b Postal workers unions protest Staples program
t Tech professor Hayhoe authors Third National Climate Assessment: We're  ...
e Renowned actor, Mickey Rooney, dead at 93
e The Fault in Our Stars an 'honest, heartfelt' drama: Nat Wolff
t Amazon Exploring Free Streaming Content Service, Report Says
e Two chimps watched Dawn of the Planet of the Apes in an American theatre
e Jamie Lynn Spears is Officially Off the Market
t Microsoft Office For iPad App: Read This First Before Purchasing
e Miley's devastated by hospital stay
b Three suspects charged over Turkey's coalmine disaster
b Malaysian PM says missing jetliner crashes in Indian Ocean as search intensified
b McDonald's profit slips; world's biggest hamburger chain in fight to keep customers
t Aereo's Dissent
e 'Scandal' actor Short charged in felony battery case
b Malaysia rejects report that plane flew on, Chinese photos of wreckage
e MAD MEN 7x04: We have met the enemy
e Spoiler alert: 'Bachelorette' Andi makes her final decision
t Kill Switch for Smartphones Coming Soon
b Chinese Internet giant Alibaba files to sell stock in the US
m Canaccord Genuity Upgrades Sarepta Therapeutic (SRPT) to Buy
e Transformers: Age Of Extinction
b Based on History, Existing-Home Sales Underperforming
e Vogue Photoshop Fail Leads to 'Kanye is a Vampire' Memes
b Federal funds earmarked to offset Affordable Care Act insurer losses
b Tech Companies Creating An Underclass Of Latino, Black Service Workers In  ...
e Fallon, Billy Joel sing together on "Tonight'
t Portal Coming to Nvidia Shield Next Week
e Toddler Refused Restroom on JetBlue Plane
b Tech stocks slide again; Nasdaq falls for 3rd week
b Yahoo reports modest revenue growth in Q1
b Detroit to launch website to auction houses for rehab
e Seth MacFarlane sued for allegedly stealing 'Ted' idea: report
t A Sacred Reunion: The Colorado River Returns to the Sea
t Galaxy Note 4 leaks confirm 5.7-inch QHD screen
e A full list of Academy member invitees
m Report: C-Section rate depends on where mom delivers
e Is Ariana Grande Starring in 'Jem and the Holograms?'
m With North Dakota's Job Boom, A Sharp Uptick in Work-Related Deaths
t Gartner Positions Manhattan Software as a "Leader" in the Magic Quadrant for  ...
t Google Acquires Music Curator Songza to Integrate with 'Play Music All Access  ...
m House Republicans push to delay school nutrition standards
m High cholesterol may hit fertility
t Pre-Order the Samsung Galaxy S5
e Disney gives Maleficent wings in new film
b JPMorgan profit falls 19 pct as trading revenue drops
t India is important to global economy & Facebook: Sheryl Sandberg
b Citigroup Fails Another Stress Test
b Bank scandal blackens name of powerful Portuguese family, possibly ruins  ...
e 'American Idol' top 11 performance recap
t Stock Update: AT&T Inc (NYSE:T) – AT&T Adds HTC One® (M8) to Industry  ...
m Allergy season's coming in like a lion
e George Zimmerman signs autographs at a Florida gun show
t Apple and Google agree to drop all patent suits
e AC/DC "will continue to make music": official statement
e Goonies sequel announced by director who reveals plans to 'bring back all of the  ...
e Wenn - Paparazzi Sent Drone To Get Spider-man Footage
t Japan will 'redesign' Antarctic whaling program to make it more scientific
b GameStop Is The Ultimate Bear Trap (GME)
t Manmade climate disruption – the hype and reality
b Stocks Log Weekly Gains, But Dow Ends Day Down Ahead Of Holiday Weekend
t Supreme Court backs broadcasters over Aereo, but there's more to come
b Smith & Wesson Gunned Down in Market
b Weather frustrates hunt for missing Malaysian jet
e Hirst art, DiCaprio space trip help raise record AIDS funds
e George Clooney Slams 'Criminal' Wedding Story
e 'Community' Creator Dan Harmon Lists Some Shows To Fill The Void
m Online Friendship Helps Man Lose Close to 400 Pounds
e Watch Will Ferrell and Chad Smith Have a Drum-Off!
t [New App] Addappt Hits Android With Promise Of Privately Synced, Always Up  ...
b Worker dies in mudslide at Japan's Fukushima nuclear plant
e 10 Indie Artists Who Will Change Your Life
m Health officials, Lambert airport prepare for possible MERS case
b UK Stocks Rise on Chinese Manufacturing Report; Aberdeen Jumps
e 3D-Film Pioneer James Cameron Talks VR Filmmaking and Oculus Rift
t Google, Viacom Settle YouTube Copyright Suit; No Terms Given (1)
b Stocks Tank, Wiping Out July's Gains
b Washington Redskins Lose Again: USPTO Cancels Trademark
t Feds Remind Facebook & WhatsApp To Respect User Privacy After They Get  ...
m Questions abound as marijuana enters a new era of legal use
e Immigrant Calif. farm workers attend special screening of Chavez biopic
t Valve Kicks Steam Machine Hardware Back to 2015
e The New Gone Girl Trailer Is Here! Watch It Now
e Home WhatsOn Rihanna honoured for style at annual fashion...
m Doctors make millions off of Medicare
b MARKET ANALYSIS: Quiet Directionless Trading Likely As Markets Await Cues
b Netflix prices are going up
b US stocks finish mixed
t AAA: Gas prices up 4 cents to $3.64 a gallon
t What is Mars like?
b GBP/USD where to now? – FXStreet
t Gas Prices Continues Downward
e 'Wish I Was Here' never reaches high potential
e Kim Kardashian Gives Relationship Advice to Khloe Because She's the Expert
e Lindsay Lohan officially cast in West End play 'Speed-The-Plow'
t Tesla car battery probe closed by NHTSA, carmaker to install shields
t Snowden calls for better encryption to protect public from government spying
b UPDATE 2-Walgreen sees bigger benefit from Alliance Boots tie-up
t US, UK advice avoiding Internet Explorer until bug fixed
e Epic video shows the best way to have fun at the airport
b Online storage provider Box becomes latest rapidly growing Silicon Valley  ...
t NASA's 'Swarmies' are a squad of smaller, less intelligent rovers
m Scientists Have Discovered a Simple Way to Predict if You Have Alzheimer's
m Health officials warn about recent measles outbreak
e Watch Will Ferrell & Chad Smith's Epic Drum Battle on 'Tonight Show'
t Apple Earnings Preview: We've Heard This Story Before
b US stocks open higher after a two-day slump
e Fascinating Fact:
e Highlights from Jill Abramson's commencement address at Wake Forest
m Memories Can Be Overwritten
e Prince George walks for first time in public as beaming Kate Middleton looks on
e Avengers' Joss Whedon releases new film online as surprise
b Gold Gains On Fed Decisions, Ignoring Violence In Iraq
e 'Guardians' blasts Marvel in a different direction
m Scientist Who Discovered Ebola: 'This is unprecedented'
b IMF chief put under probe in French fraud case
e Emma Stone Up For Woody Allen's Next, Alongside Joaquin Phoenix
t Viber for iPhone gets a long-awaited design overhaul
e Transcendence Gives Up the Ghost in the Machine
b A Slew of Activists Crashed McDonald's Annual Shareholder Meeting
e Julianne Hough is back on Dancing With the Stars
e 'Midnight Rider' Director Randall Miller, Producers Indicted in Sarah Jones' Death
b Microsoft Office for iPad launches with free viewing and editing features  ...
e Justin Bieber Sports New Look & Says 'Just The Beginning': Wooing Selena  ...
b Coca Cola India volume growth at 6% in Jan-Mar
b Why You Should Be Careful What You "Like" on Facebook
b Huawei vows its “crawling” tortoise will triumph over the Elon Musks of tech
b Roundup: HK stocks close 1.68 pct lower
e Draft Day plays like a late-round pick
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Mini Is Flipkart Exclusive
b Sun Pharma Faces US Export Ban On Quality Issues
b Dick's Sporting Goods Q4 profit up 6.9%
t Ohio Gas Prices Go Down After Holiday Weekend
b Well, beam me up Seanie . . .
t Google's exploitation of unsecured Wi-Fi could lead to legal action
e Prairie Nerds: VIDEO: 'Mockingjay' trailer for third 'Hunger Games' shows District  ...
t Facebook CEO summoned to Iran court
e Ruby Dee, acclaimed actress and civil rights activist, dies at 91
e Kim Kardashian to relaunch her pop career and Kanye's gonna help her
b Target takes security steps with new executive, MasterCard deal
e Mila Kunis: Pregnant with Fiance Ashton Kutcher's Baby!
t Qatar set to witness meteor shower tomorrow night
t Good Game: The Gaming Week in Review (Mar 17 – Mar 21)
b US stocks: S&P to stick above 2000
t 5.5-Inch iPhone 6 Now Pegged for Launch Alongside 4.7-Inch Model
b Calif. to ease water restrictions in move to help farmers
m Philippines DOH still looking for 174 Etihad Airlines passengers, issue health  ...
b UPDATE 1-ECB, BoE call for ABS rehabilitation
e Gwyneth Paltrow, Chris Martin Split After 10 Years of Marriage, Call it 'Conscious  ...
b European car sales rise for ninth consecutive month
t Twitter Reveals Your First Tweet
b Cramer: Multiple messages from OpenTable deal
t The extended E3 2014 Destiny trailer is stunning
m Ronnie has the recipe for success
e SNL Explains The Jay Z And Solange Elevator Video, More Or Less
b $6M bail set for Utah woman in dead babies case - NewsOn6.com - Tulsa, OK  ...
e Star Wars: New movie to be made in Britain
t TweetDeck hack hits BBC and White House accounts
b Sales of new homes in US up by 6.4 percent
t Internet speeds, broadband adoption in Singapore on the rise: Akamai
m Memory of boy, 7, kept alive by 'Mr. Awesome' drawing
b PA unemployment rate dips to 6.0% in March
e Stacy Keibler marries tech entrepreneur Jared Pobre in surprise ceremony
t NASA's spaceship LADEE dead as it falls on moon surface
m Medical marijuana rules OK'd by committee
b Pound to US Dollar (GBP/USD) Exchange Rate slipped to two-week low in light  ...
b Twitter shares drop on fears of 'stalling' growth
b Central Bankers Issue Strong Warning on Asset Bubbles
m AOL.com Article - Mental health experts: Oscar Pistorius was not suffering from a  ...
t Soccer-playing robot gives Obama a break in Japan
t Gartner: 2014 to See Revival of PC Market
t Samsung Galaxy Grand Neo vs Samsung Galaxy Grand i9082 – Top Specs and  ...
m Bay Area beachgoers react to US surgeon general warning about tanning
e CELEBRITY NEWS: PEACHES GELDOF DEAD
b GLOBAL MARKETS-Euro hits 3-month low after German data surprise
b US guidelines to cut carbon pollution from existing power plants
m Tell my politician
b Fresh legal action delays court ruling in Uber taxi app dispute
t Third Time the Charm for Microsoft's Surface?
e Painful to say goodbye to Don: Hamm
b The impact of Obamacare in Berks County
b Deadline approaches to sign up for health insurance
t Samsung Galaxy S5 mini set for release this month
m NYC's ban on e-cigarettes in public places starts today
b Supply, Demand and Interest Rates: Why One thing Leads to Another
t FreedomPop Unveils New Free iPhone Voice, Text, and Data Plans
m HEALTH: Watch this woman, born deaf, hear for the first time ever
t FCC claims it is not killing net neutrality
t Scientists Find First Asteroid with Rings
t Meet Kodomoroid, Japan's android newsreader
b S&P 500 index holds close to record level - Quincy Herald-Whig | Illinois  ...
e Robert Downey Jr. tweets, 'Yo,' baby girl on the way
t Rumor: Apple iPhone 5C with 8 GB to launch Tuesday - Will it help sales?
b Severe winter blamed by Wal-Mart for fall in profits
t Facebook to use drones & satellites to give remote areas internet access
e 160000 Garth Brooks fans in limbo after Dublin City Council decision
e Danica McKellar Dancing With the Stars Cha Cha Cha Video 4/21/14 #DWTS
b Hong Kong: Pro-Beijing newspaper attacks socialists
e Don always rises to a challenge: Hamm
t Got $1500? Google Glass Goes On Sale Next Week
b Forex market transmits US weakness to Aust
b LATEST UPDATES: Malaysian plane crash in Ukraine
b CORRECTED-As Buffett praises his BNSF railroad, customers rail against delays
b Book this: Priceline buying OpenTable for $2.6 Billion
e Was Debt-Ridden L'Wren Scott Planning To Close Her Design Business This  ...
b Eventful Day Ahead With BoE Minutes, UK Jobs Data In Focus
t Ford's new electric car ad wishes it was cool as Cadillac's [VIDEO]
b Wal-Mart Sues Visa For $5B Over Swipe-Fee Inflation
t Microsoft warn of vulnerability in Internet Explorer
b Sacramento-area gas prices climbing the ladder
e Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin: Fellowship without the rings
b Hong Kong shares close 1.55pc higher
b Column: Details are murky, but wake-up call clear for Colin Kaepernick
b Last-minute tax filing tips
t GM Recalls Half Million More Cars as It Finds New Ignition Problem
t Filling up for the Fourth: 10 cheapest places to buy gas
t Verizon Becomes More Attractive After This Development
b Procter & Gamble Co. (PG) Tops Q4 EPS by 4c
b Twitter stock drops 11% despite revenue growth
b REFILE-Threat of new claims in Argentina debt fight
m Too much TV tied to less sleep in kids
t New Mars Gully Channel Spotted By Nasa Orbiter
e Avicii Has Gallbladder and Appendix Removed
e The Walking Dead Spin-Off Update: Co-Writer Announced
e CORRECTED-Ryan Gosling debut fails to light Cannes critics' fire
t KDWPT law enforcement to participate in Operation Dry Water
b Clean up Detroit's blight? You'll need $2B, report says
e Kanye West and Kim Kardashian spent 4 days editing their wedding photo! See  ...
b Sun Pharma to buy Ranbaxy in all-stock deal valued at $3.2 bn. (File Photo)
b Why you shouldn't count out the NASDAQ just yet
t Cousteau lauds scientific research accomplished during 31-day underwater  ...
e Zach Galifianakis Will Star In An FX Comedy Co-Created By Louis CK
t LDSD Test Flight a Success; Two More Planned to Display Parachute Landing  ...
b Watch Michael Lewis Explain Why He Thinks the Stock Market Is Rigged
t Google Glass' Diane Von Furstenberg Designed Connected Eyewear Hits Market
b At the open: TSX up slightly despite falling gold, mining stocks
t Facebook Now Ravaging Your Browser History To Share With Advertisers
b Procter & Gamble to focus on top performers, shed up to 100 brands | The  ...
m Bionic pancreas may help diabetics manage disease
e 'Predator' Reboot Recruits 'Iron Man 3′ Director
b MORNING BID – Forming lasting bonds
t A strategy for managing climate risk
t Apple Inc. (AAPL) partner Nuance Communications Inc. (NUAN) reportedly in  ...
t AP-GfK Poll: Most agree with scientists on smoking, fewer buy Big Bang  ...
e Creating the Helicarrier of Captain America: The Winter Soldier
e Tracy Morgan improving after crash
b Alibaba Gets a Bounce Ahead of Massive IPO
t Titanfall Xbox One and PC Patch Prepares For Launch
t Senate examines 'cramming'
e Officials: play it safe when it comes to fireworks
e Is body language telling us what Maks and Meryl won't?
m Scientists Create Cloned Human Embryos To Make Stem Cells
t Fossilized feces show Neanderthals ate their vegetables
e X-Men Director Bryan Singer 'Reveals Alibi', Claims To Have Been In Canada  ...
t How You Could Someday Get From China to San Fran in 100 Minutes
b King (KING) IPO Expected Tomorrow; Zynga (ZNGA) Shares Active Early
e Justin Bieber offends millions with shrine visit
b Inflation falls for fifth consecutive month
b Euro Exposed to Fresh Lows As Draghi Invites New QE Speculations
b Correction: European Central Bank story
b US Pending Home Sales Jump Much More Than Expected In May
t Mozilla shelves development of Firefox for Windows 8 Metro
e RIP Donald Levine, The Creator Of GI Joe
e PonoMusic promises audiophile-pleasing portable digital music
b The Last Crumbs Bake Shop Cupcake Is on eBay
e AP Exclusive: Technology reveals hidden man in Picasso painting
t Domino's extortion breach highlights rise in random-based attacks
t Mario Kart 8 Character Stats Detailed – Speed, Handling, Weight, Grip and  ...
b Now Elon Musk Is Building the World's Biggest Solar Panel Factory
e Robin Williams to return for 'Mrs Doubtfire' Sequel?
m Lost vials of smallpox found in abandoned NIH closet
e Sideshow: Rivers won't say sorry for joke about captives
e MOVIE REVIEW: Amazingly sad and sloppy 'Spider-Man'
e Kim Kardashian and Baby North West Arrive in Paris a Week Prior to Wedding to  ...
e Chris Pratt is a 'Guardians of the Galaxy' hero: 5 reasons we love him
b Surprise! Better Health Insurance Saves Lives.
t Mojang's cancelled Minecraft for the Oculus Rift was free and "designed to  ...
e Jessica Simpson Marries Eric Johnson In California Wedding, Couple Is  ...
b Bangla 'miracle' survivor starts new life
b Russian stocks down as banks suffer amid sanctions - KTVN Channel 2 - Reno  ...
e Beyonce Goes Into 'Ugly Cry' at Final Mrs. Carter Show, Performs with Jay Z  ...
e Will a 'Mean Girls' reunion happen? Lindsay Lohan weighs in
t Facebook to buy virtual reality goggles maker Oculus VR for USD 2 billion
t WATCH LIVE: GM CEO Mary Barra and NHTSA chief David Friedman testify  ...
e Fleetwood Mac tour will feature both McVies
b India's Manufacturing Activity Slows in March
t In brief: Apple splitting stock, increasing dividend
e Video: Miley Cyrus karaokes awful version of 'Baby's Got Back' in New Orleans
b BES seeks capital as key staff suspended over massive losses
m Officials watching chikungunya virus in the US
t Why choosing jury in Apple-Samsung case may be hard
e Paul McCartney recovering after hospital stay
e Tupac Shakur's Dying Last Words to Cop: What Did He Say?
t Apple and Comcast May Team Up For a Streaming-Television Service
t The Apple Beat: Does Dr. Dre's party video confirm that Apple is buying Beats?
e New Andy Warhol Art Recovered from Floppy Disks
t World court: Japan's whaling program not scientific
b Medicare, Social Security Disability Fund Headed in Different Directions
t No more inbox tabs: Google testing mobile-inspired major redesign for Gmail
e Taylor Swift: Music is like a relationship
t Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) news: Is Apple Going To Be The Death Of Netflix?
t Sony's PS 4 sales top 7 mln
m Saturated fat and heart disease may not be linked after all, according to  ...
e KCA's Most Favorite Show 'Sam and Cat' Will Not Have a Second Season  ...
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West grace Vogue's April cover -- VIDEO
e Cesar Chavez
e Chris Brown could remain behind bars until June
t The LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play Edition Finally Gets Updated Straight To 4.4.4  ...
m US Syphilis Rates On the Rise Among Men
b European stock markets end up on ECB rate-cut hint
b Would you pay employees to quit?
b Euro's Strength No Match For Draghi's Comments
e Photo By Joel Ryan/Joel Ryan/Invision/AP
e Sum 41 Singer: 'If I Have One Drink, The Docs Say I Will Die'
t Facebook scientist defends emotions study
t Vegas gas prices fall to $3.77 a gallon
b Pizza Chain Sbarro Back in Bankruptcy Court
m Match Day at the University of Maryland Medical School
m MERS hits the midwest
m Priority actions needed to tackle the Ebola crisis in West Africa according to  ...
t Fully Charged: New Lenovo tablets, Android Wear's tiny new chip and a huge  ...
b Who will decide when skies are safe?
e Marvel Comics changes Thor to a woman
m Second case of MERS in US is Florida man who worked at Saudi hospital
e Rolf Harris guilty: Police release mugshot as disgraced singer faces jail
b Chicago transit train crashes at O'hare Airport 32 injured
t Mars rover takes a selfie
m India and 10 other nations declared polio-free, but global risks persist
e Josh Kaufman Wins The Voice USA
t Android Wear For Smart Watches And Wearables Announced (Video)
b Powerade drops controversial ingredient linked to flame retardants
b Fed Gives Four Banks Six Extra Months to Resubmit Capital Plans
t Green Hero: Tesla
b eBay Settles Proxy Fight with Investor Carl Icahn
t Honda, Audi, Hyundai and Volvo to get Android platform soon
b More employers consider dropping post-retirement health benefits under  ...
b UK consumer and retail inflation slow in Feb - data
e Selena Gomez wows in Ischia after getting new tattoo on back
b Candace King Weir settles with SEC for $2.2 million
b Consumer Confidence Slumps 1.9% for April
b AAA Michigan: Gas prices hold steady over week
m Photo of the Day
t Skype to launch real-time language translator
b May 22, 2014, 9:15 am
t Spooky 'Honey' Moon Casts Glow on Friday the 13th (Photos)
e In Person This Week: Zac Efron and Seth Rogen Walk the Red Carpet, Marlo  ...
e Beyonce Alters Lyrics Of Song To Imply That Jay Z Cheated
b US stocks edge higher as corporate earnings wind down; Dow average reaches  ...
e Kendall Jones, Teen Who Hunts Endangered Animals In Africa, Condemned By  ...
e 'Captain America: The Winter Solider' Breaks April Box Office Record With $96.2  ...
e The First Teaser Poster For Jem and the Holograms Has Arrived
t Most-Awaited Meteor Showers to Set Up Spectacular Show on May 23
e Amazon snares classic shows in HBO deal
e $1 million deal for book on Lindsay Lohan's rehab diaries?
e The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back  ...
m Oscar Pistorius declared fit for murder trial
t FCC to Push for Slightly Stronger Controls in Net Neutrality Fight
b EnerSys Inc.: EnerSys Announces Its 3.375% Convertible Senior Notes Will  ...
t Apple launches iPhone 5c that is £40 cheaper
t So interesting that Microsoft Works With China
e Two unknown actors beat 60000 rivals at 'Star Wars' open casting
e Game of Thrones Season Finale Review: Sitting on the Throne
b Stock market rises on corporate news
b Looking To Shed $40B In Debt, Energy Future Holdings (TXU) Files Ch. 11
t New meteor may light up skies
t “Watch Dogs” Video Game PR Stunt Leads To Newsroom Evacuation
e Once Upon A Time, Jennifer Morrison Rocked Two Extremely Different Looks At  ...
t Simulated Cosmos 3
e Downtown's tempo soars at first Cinco de Mayo fest
b World has new top banana: Fruit giants Chiquita and Fyffes merge
e Weird Al Yankovic takes on Pharrell Williams with 'Tacky'
t iPhone 6 display with detail in the microscope test
t Nokia's First Android Phone Nokia X2
e Kim Kardashian wants to get pregnant with second child after wedding
t Marquez grabs pole at Austin GP
b First Pot Vending Machine Unveiled in Colorado
b LEAD Two former directors found guilty in Anglo Irish Bank trial By Fiona Smith  ...
b PF Chang's admits credit data was stolen
e Powdered alcohol hits snag with US regulators
b Northwestern Stock Getting Very Oversold
t All New Cars To Include Backup Cameras By 2018
m MERS Coronavirus cases in Saudi Arabia increases to 480, including 139 deaths
m There's a lot you can do to prevent diabetes
t Fox Chapel Area teen says typeface change could save millions
t Hubble Space Telescope Spots Mars-Bound Comet Sprout Multiple Jets
e Game Of Thrones season 4: Mockingbird trailer
t Apple in talks to buy Dr. Dre's Beats for $3.2 billion
e John Wayne heirs sue Duke University
t US warns Facebook on privacy
e George RR Martin Releases Chapter from New Game of Thrones Book
m New blood test diagnoses Alzheimer's three years before onset of disease
b GE Profit Beats Estimates With Industrial Margins Expanding (1)
m Researchers add gene therapy to cochlear implants in deaf animals
e Stephen Colbert Jokes About His Late Show Gig In Character! Watch The  ...
b UK trade numbers lose national statistics status
b All-encompassing taxing power of government is egregious, unsustainable
b Productivity and Labor Costs Both Headed the Wrong Way -- Very Much So
t Lenovo outs first consumer Chromebooks including Yoga-like N20p model
e Gwen Stefani confirmed for The Voice
t Nokia XL 4G Launched in China Ahead of Microsoft's Lumia Transition
e Ossie Davis: Wife Ruby Dee, 'Raisin in the Sun,' 'American Gangster' Actress Dies
b BOJ's Kuroda dismisses need for additional stimulus
m Jenny McCarthy Claims She Is 'Pro-Vaccine' In Sun-Times Op-Ed
e HBO Orders Seasons 5 and 6 of “Game of Thrones”
m Air France suspends Sierra Leone flights over Ebola
t Five Stand-out features from the Amazon Fire Phone
t Twitter Buys Data Partner Gnip -- 4th Update
e Here's what Morgan Freeman's voice sounds like on helium
b US Patent Office cancels Washington Redskins trademark
b What to Watch For in the Fed Minutes
b Social Security cash crunch Congress can't ignore
b Sout Korea's top mobile chat app, online portal to merge
b This UAE Airline's First Class Suites Are Nicer Than Your Apartment
e Fred Dinenage gets very wet on Bank Holiday Monday - and not just because of  ...
e Shia LaBeouf is Getting Help
b Why We're Huge Fans Of eBay
b Indian money in Swiss banks augments to over Rs 14000 cr
e First Dibs: Is Fifty Shades Of Grey Going To Be A Porn Fest?
b Critics Question China-Russia Joint Declaration
m FDA Nod for DexComs G4 PLATINUM System
b Siemens Says It Will Bid for Alstom's Power-Equipment Business
e Upfronts: Larry Wilmore Steals Spotlight at UTA Kickoff Party
b Alibaba Starts US IPO Process as HK Snubbed Over Director Dispute
t Gas prices begin annual creep upward
b Yahoo Japan Cancels Plan to Acquire EAccess From SoftBank (1)
m Are you happily disgusted or sadly angry? Find out
e No joke: Yahoo to produce two comedy series
e 'Captain America' soars again, tops 'Rio 2'
b Judge Orders Illegal $539 Million Payment Back To Argentina
e Khloe Kardashian ignores Lamar Odom while partying with French Montana
t Nintendo Slumps To Loss As Wii U Sales Tumble
e Walter Dean Myers, Award-Winning Young Adult Author, Passes Away At The  ...
t Apple's Annual 'Back To School' Promotion Will Kick Off Tomorrow
t Apple to HTC agree to a 'kill switch' to deter smartphone thefts
e Miley brings Bangerz tour to UK
t Facebook sorry for social experiment gone sour
m American Citizen With Suspected Case Of Ebola Virus Dies In Ghana
b Economic recovery? Many in U.S. still don't feel it
e Ellen DeGeneres makes $15 million in profit after selling LA mansion for  ...
e Anti-gay HGTV hosts: There are grotesque things on TV, we're just committed to  ...
t 'Heartbleed' bug exposes internet transactions
b UPDATE 1-Fox exec raises questions on Comcast-Time Warner Cable merger
t Microsoft admits reading journalist's emails, tightens privacy policy
t Insurance Institute for Highway Safety recommends best cars for teens
e Hollywood reacts to Game Of Thrones (SPOILERS)
t Iranian Hackers Use Fake Facebook Profiles to Spy on High Profile UK and US  ...
m Study Finds Strong Link Between Autism Disorders and Environmental Factors
b US regulator seeks more Credit Suisse documents
e The Best Of James Cameron's Reddit AMA
b Who Shipped a Package of Cocaine to the Vatican?
e Michael Strahan to GMA is official after Tuesday announcement
e Jimmy Scott, jazz musician who appeared on 'Twin Peaks,' dies
t US senators press GM, NHTSA over delayed recall
b US Consumer Prices Rise 0.2% in March
t Apple CEO Sexual Orientation Accidentally 'Outed' On National TV By CNBC  ...
t Google Raises the Stakes Against Apple
e Khloe Kardashian snuggles up to troubled brother Rob in Throwback Thursday  ...
b Morgan Stanley Cuts Citi Earnings Estimate 64%
e Steve Martin to reprise his role in Father of the Bride 3
e Miley Cyrus Hospitalized, Postpones More Concert Dates
e Pharrell Williams joins NBC's The Voice as coach for season 7
e Orlando never looked at wife Miranda the same way after Bieber flirt-fest in 2012
e Zendaya Coleman Quits Aaliyah Movie, And Here's Why
t Microsoft will lay off 18000 workers, half of Nokia's staff will be gone
b Q&A: Ice Cube on his box-office hit 'Ride Along'
t Valve Delays Steam Controllers to 2015
e Beyonce leads MTV Video Music Awards nominations
m State records first West Nile virus case
t Sony could be about to launch a selfie-taking smartphone with front facing flash
e 'Orphan Black' has an 'endgame,' says Gavaris
b Teva Rejected by US Justice on Generic Copaxone Delay
e Iranians Arrested for Dancing to Pharrell's 'Happy'
t Galaxy Note 4 may offer retinal scanner, hints tweet
e Robert Pattinson on Kristen Stewart Break-Up, 'Sh*t Happens, It's Normal  ...
e Box Office Report: 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier' Sees $96.2M Debut
m Study shows antipsychotic drugs could significantly reduce violent crime
t SpaceX to launch amazing rocket that lands itself on legs
e Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez kissing and back together
t Could the HTC M8 Ace Be Launched June 3rd?
e Lady Gaga, Tony Bennett Announce Duet Jazz Album 'Cheek To Cheek' Coming  ...
t Android L heads-up notifications feature out in APK format
e George Clooney blasts Daily Mail over 'irresponsible' story on fiancee's mom
b Boeing raises aircraft demand forecast
e The Bachelor: What Did Juan Pablo Galavis Say To Clare Crawley In The  ...
t Samsung Galaxy S5 vs Nokia Lumia 1520 – Price and Specs Comparison
t Hugging trees make Koala bears cooler!
m Security breaches threaten US biodefense labs
b Griesa summons hearing for Friday; Argentina launches proceedings against the  ...
b Information Technology Equities Stock Update -- Research on Altera, ARM  ...
t The next YouTube could be a site where people watch other people play video  ...
t Climate Of Doubt
m Google Wants to Create a Map of What a Healthy Human Body Looks Like
b Switzerland May Raise Its Minimum Wage to $24.70. That's It, I'm Moving to  ...
t Supermoon 2014: See third super-sized moon of 2014 overnight July 11-12
t Tesla Handing Over the Keys to Its Technology
t No Decision From Tesla, Still Positive Impact At EDAWN
b GBP/USD Soars To 2009 High
e GOTHAM Gets Official Full Series Order at Fox
t Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 8.0 vs Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro 8.4 – Price and Specs  ...
b Do We Need a 50-Year Bond?
b Safety must be a priority
e Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles to slice up the big screen
t Rumour: Apple In Talks To Buy Dr Dre's Beats For £1.9bn
m Autism Awareness Month in the Big Bend
e Jagger's girlfriend 'took her own life'
t Apple Inc. (AAPL)'s New Products, Tim Cook and WWDC's Impact on Stock Price
t We've come a long way since dial-up: Google's latest purchase part of drone  ...
e Pharrell Reveals Beautiful, Bizarre Political Views In GQ Interview
e Heavy rain expected to clear out prior to Macy's 4th of July fireworks, as Tropical  ...
e Supreme Court case could test future of broadcast TV
e US Airways Tweets Pic of Woman With Toy Airplane in Her Vagina [NSFW]
e This is one toy commercial that goes on waaaaay too long
m MannKind wins US backing for inhaled insulin on years of work
e Sarah Palin Should Join 'The View' -- Especially If Rosie O'Donnell Is On It
m ED Treatment Cialis May Get Over-The-Counter Approval With Recent Sanofi  ...
m How genetics and heredity have a role to play in Obesity
m Seven-a-day fruit and veg 'saves lives'
b Deutsche Bank Plans To Raise € 8 Billion From Qatar
m Petco to Stop Selling Pet Treats from China
t US denies knowledge of 'Heartbleed' bug
m Dr. Max Gomez: Researchers Identify Obesity As Risk Factor For Ovarian Cancer
e Bachelor Juan Pablo Galavis Is "So Angry" With Producers; Chris Harrison  ...
e Community services an option this Easter in Jeannette
t Microsoft CEO takes to Twitter as iPad Office sales soar
t Google-and-Viacom-Come-to-Mysterious-Settlement-Over-YouTube-Lawsuit
t Feds end probe of Tesla battery fires as fixes promised
e Nobel prize-winning author Gabriel Garcia Marquez dies at 87
m 12 million Americans misdiagnosed each year
m Legislation would let Missouri emergency responders give antidote for drug  ...
e Emma Stone, Joaquin Phoenix Sign On for Next Woody Allen Film
e Jack Gleeson, King Joffrey Baratheon Actor, Talks About Role
t Street View Wi-Fi slurp nightmare: US Supremes snub Google's appeal
t Two Asteroids Seen … From Mars!
e Viral Now: The New York Post Mocks Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's Wedding
e Jimmy Scott, jazzman with ethereal voice, dies
t Microsoft Word Coming To The iPad? | News
m Stanford researchers identify normal cell type that gives rise to most invasive  ...
e Get An A+ In This Miley Cyrus College Course
t YouTube Reportedly Purchasing Twitch for $1 Billion
e Remembering The King Of The Countdown
e Latest Trailers Revealed (Gone Girl, Map To The Stars & Third Person)
m iPad and Nickel Allergies: What to Know
m Bristol County Healthiest in RI; Providence Worst
t Windows Phone 8.1 now enables the use of folders to store data
t It's Friday the 13th: Nothing to Worry About -- Right?
b Variable rates may still change despite predicted cash rate hold
b Why the Dow Rose Only 20 Points Last Week
b TXU, Oncor Owners File For Chapter 11 Bankruptcy Protection
m Iceland and Japan top the global life expectancy league, which reveals we're all  ...
m Energy and Sports Drink Consumption Linked to Unhealthy Teen Behaviors
b Wal-Mart Q1 Profit Down - Quick Facts
e The Good Wife "The Last Call" Review: The Unknown
e How Not to Blow Yourself Up Tomorrow
t Where's my flying car? Survey sizes up how we see the future
e First Look: Henry Cavill as Superman in ''Batman v. Superman: Dawn Of Justice"
m 'Bionic Pancreas' For Diabetics Developed At MGH, BU Makes Progress
t Bachelor party goes to beach, finds mastodon skull
e Zac Efron feels a "weight" has been lifted after he spoke out about his battle with  ...
t 6 best alternatives to Office for iPad
t Starbucks to offer wireless recharging
m Is Social Media a Dream Tool for Blood Donation?
m Excessive drinking responsible for 10% of deaths in working age adults
e Grand Theft Momager! Kris Jenner Victim Of Thieves During Austrian Trip In  ...
t Facebook's “Nearby Friends” Feature Aims for More Offline Connections
e 'Designing Women' star Meshach Taylor dies at 67
b Posted by Muhammad Iqbal
b The IRS Sometimes Rewards Employees Who Do Not Pay Taxes
t New Galaxy S5 mini pops up on Samsung website
t Nexus 7, 4, 10 may yet get an Android L update
t Soon, Microsoft to add folder support in Windows phone 8.1: Report
e Kanye West Booed At Wireless Festival 2014 … Video Shows Why Rant Led to  ...
e Celebrity pictures of the day: March 28
b BNP Paribas bank facing heavy US penalties: CEO
t Heartbleed Overblown? Experts Test Seriousness Of OpenSSL Bug
e See a Trailer for Cronenberg's Maps to the Stars
t NASA study shows Pluto's Moon Charon could have had a subterranean ocean  ...
b Yellen and Putin in Focus on Stock Market Today
t Supermoon 2014: When and why will the moon look bigger and brighter this  ...
t A Tablet Too Late: Microsoft's New Surface Greets a Slowing Market
t Comments on net neutrality top half a million as FCC deadline looms
b Futures Drift Lower Ahead of Yellen's Testimony; ECB, BOE Leave Rate  ...
e Gene Simmons Crashes Miley Cyrus Night — A Battle of Famous TonguesCulture
b Fired Yahoo Executive Walks Away With Millions
b Obama Unveils Latest Thrust On Climate Change Pledge
t Irving Mayor Beth Van Duyne took part in US Conference of Mayors
t Nation's Mayors Expand Their Commitment To Attack Local Climate Challenges
b US new home sales fall to five-month low in February
b Freeway Reopens After Beam Falls at Seal Beach Construction Site
e 'Game of Thrones' Recap: 'Breaker of Chains' Takes Incest to a Whole New  ...
m Breaking: Grindr-ing Leads to Gonorrhea
t NH gas prices are nearly 15 cents higher than 1 year ago; analysts say trend  ...
b Microsoft Corporation Beats EPS, Revenues; Shares Jump in After Hours  ...
e Movie review: 'Transformers' sticks with formula, for good and bad
m Driving while pregnant increases risk of car accidents
t St. James Plantation Puts Google Glass To Work in Sales & Marketing
t Apples iOS 7.1 Release Date Arrives: User Experience Updated And New  ...
e Artist Draws Simpsons-Inspired Caricatures Of Kanye West & Kim Kardashian  ...
m Saudi announces 3 new MERS deaths, toll hits 105
t Japan banned from Antarctic whaling
t Diablo 3′s Infamous Auction House to Go offline Today
e This Is Where I Leave You Trailer Stars Tina Fey, Jason Bateman, Adam Driver  ...
m Experts urge curb on e-cigarette sales
t Alien: Isolation on Oculus is a prototype says developer, "no full game" in  ...
e Man details abuse claims against 'X-Men' director
t New Planet Found Beyond Pluto
t Fifty years of muscle •Artesia Ford celebrates Mustang's gold anniversary
t Apple, Samsung resume their patent war in Silicon Valley
e Paul Walker's daughter 'disgusted' by grandmother's move for custody
e Crooner Jeffries, 100, dies
m E-Cigarettes Use Associated With Quitting Success
t Microsoft's Phil Spencer Blasts Xbox One Fanboyism
m Dogs detect prostate cancer with high rate of accuracy
b Colorado saw $2 million in recreational marijuana taxes in January
e Beyonce Pays Tribute to Michael Jackson on the 5th Anniversary of His Death
e Just Because: Chris Pine Takes His Grey-Bearded Hotness To Milan Fashion  ...
e Celebrate Cinco de Mayo at the Hubbard Museum
b American Apparel rejects Charney's request for shareholder meeting
t Google Unveils Self-Driving Car
b Last words from Malaysia plane came from co-pilot - Malaysia Airlines
t Send in the Drones: Facebook's Plans to Beam Internet to the World
t Report: Data Breaches Cost NY Businesses $1.37B Last Year
m This is why you should clean out your storage units regularly
e Iranians arrested for "Happy" video released
b Need to know: Thursday April 17
e NFLX: Netflix Makes Deal to Come to Cable Boxes
e Harry Potter Diagon Alley experience at Universal Orlando to open July 8
e Sue Townsend, 1946-2014
b S.F. tells app to stop monkeying around with its parking spots
b Video: Investor concern over JPMorgan succession planning after Jamie Dimon  ...
t PSN Was Down In Europe, But It Isn't Anymore
t UN green police say ditch oil and change your diet
m Bat meals banned in ebola battle
b BOJ starts 2-day policy meeting, no major shift expected
b Tesco profits slump for second year
e Miley Cyrus Gives Up New Dog, 'Wrecking Ball' Singer Explains her Reasoning  ...
e In pictures: Mourners attend Peaches Geldof funeral
e Billboard Music Awards 2014 Live Stream: When And Where To Watch J.Lo  ...
b Price for 'Candy Crush' maker King's IPO suggests worries of one-hit wonder  ...
b A few industries reap sizable pay raisesMost raises are going to a few industries
b British official annual inflation slows to 1.6%: official data
b Argentina pulls US into debt dispute with hedge funds
t Climate change has arrived
e Is Lea Michele Pregnant? Star Made Announcement Via Twitter
e 'The Magic School Bus' To Ride Again On Netflix
m MERS Experts Working on Way to Block Virus
m YMCA celebrates grand reopening Saturday
t Laplink Provides Help to Vulnerable Windows XP Users
t WH picks 2014 fight on climate
e TV Ratings: Game of Thrones scores over 6m viewers but Mad Men launches to  ...
e Maleficent: Story behind the costume
t Microsoft's IE under Hackers Attack.
e In 'Days of Future Past,' X-Men get in touch with younger selves
b Missing plane search narrowed down
e Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Trailer Premiering On Thursday
e 'Transcendence': a cyber drama that's slow to upload
b ConAgra Foods Inc.: ConAgra Foods Announces Fiscal 2014 EPS Below Plan  ...
b Yum: China Food Safety Scare Hurting Sales
b Tokyo Shares Slip As Yen Rises, Internet Shares Fall; BOJ Dismissed
e Classic Fleetwood Mac lineup reuniting and coming to Saskatoon
e 'Sherri Shepherd was condescending and I regret my rough sex scene': Duke  ...
e Expert: Miley Cyrus' Allergic Reaction to Antibiotics is Rare
b South Africa Credit Rating Downgrade Could Happen Friday
e CBS negotiates three more seasons for The Big Bang Theory
t PS4 still outsold Xbox One during June in US
t Growing Great White Sharks Population: Species Not Endangered, “Optimistic  ...
e Miranda Lambert spends unexpected time in the Mountain State
b AbbVie-Shire Talks Seen Focusing on Tax, Price Risks
e Mila Kunis, Ashton Kutcher had baby on their mind for over an year
e Jack White Holds World Record for World's Fastest Record Release
b Inmarsat offers airlines free global tracking to prevent another MH370
t Steam Machines delayed until 2015
e Marshall County Easter services
t BBM For Windows Phone Launched (Video)
b Avago Technologies to acquire PLX
b Robust Job Gains Mask Soft Spots in Economy
m Blood test can tell us, but do we want to know?
m Study Says E-Cigarettes Don't Help You Quit Smoking, But Its Methods May  ...
m Relay For Life Survivors' breakfast
e Kardashians Texting During MTV VMA Ferguson Tribute
e UPDATE “Captain America” Snags $96 Million Opening Weekend-Robert  ...
t Astronomers possibly sight first exomoon
e 'Star Wars: Episode VII': Oh Hey, Chewbacca Will Be In It, Too
b Three things to expect from Thursday's Comcast-TWC merger hearing
e No ban on One Direction in PH despite marijuana report—immigration
b US stock futures slip ahead of Home Depot, Staples
b Most recent ping likely not from MH370 black box
m FDA US clears marketing of segway inventor's prosthetic arm
e Mickey Rooney: Stars react to death of legendary actor
t eBay Asks Users to Change Passwords In the Wake of Cyber-Attack
e McCartney cancels 2 more Tokyo shows
e Khloé and Kourtney Kardashian open Dash store in the Hamptons
b US, European companies line up to open Iran's 'treasure chest' – expert
t Gas prices rise by 5 cents in past 2 weeks
m Study Finds E-Cigarette Users Are More Likely to Stop Smoking Than People  ...
t Supernova study by telescopic robotic observing system reveals death of  ...
e Paul Walker's brothers to replace actor in select 'Fast & Furious 7' scenes
b NYC Subsidizes Lightly-Used Ferries. Why Not Hugely Popular Bike-Share?
t SpaceX International Space Station Resupply Mission Live Stream: Watch The  ...
e Last night's 'Wheel of Fortune' solve was 'most amazing' Pat Sajak's ever seen
e Slideshow: Swimming pools you have to see to believe
e The Voice Recap: Nanny Kat Perkins Embarks on Solo Career (3/10/14)
b Burger King Offers New Breakfast Value Menu: What Can You Get For Just $1?
b BOJ's Iwata signals chance of tapering if economy overheats
e Jolie talks Maleficent, mastectomy, kidnap victims
e George Clooney, UK human rights lawyer are engaged – law firm
t HTC One M8: One Aspect HTC Never Gets it Right
e Trace Adkins' wife files for divorce following 16 years of marriage
t Concept Video Tips 4.7-Inch iPhone 6 'Air'
b Amazon.com Given New $400.00 Price Target at RBC Capital (AMZN)
e Beyonce, Jay Z Reveal Wedding Video at 'On The Run' Kickoff Show (VIDEO)
e Bella Thorne on playing a tomboy in 'Blended' and more: 5 highlights
e 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' Dinobots Have Got Nothing on the TV Originals
b S&P 500 posts fourth straight gain
b The limits of guilt
m U.S. cervical cancer rates higher with revised calculations
t Apple CEO has own ideas, but innovation lags
e James Franco's 'Child of God' May Accidentally Appeal to Generation Tinder
b Wichita Michaels Stores part of national hacker attack
e The Disturbing Costs Of Survival On 'Walking Dead'
e Home > Chris Martin > Chris Martin Hoping To Fix Marriage?
m Catholic schools determine how to take part in ALS fundraising effort
b A merger cannot take place for emotional or egotistical reasons: Sir Martin Sorrell
b Monthly prices for new Netflix subscribers to rise by $1 or $2 to allow the  ...
t Google Mail is safer now
m Parents Can Be Partly To Blame For Infant Obesity Risk
e Lions Gate to develop Power Rangers movie, two decades after box-office flop
m Newborn baby tests positive for meth; mother arrested
e Barack Obama at 9/11 museum: Terrorism can't break us
e Watch: First look at Ben Affleck in David Fincher's adaptation of 'Gone Girl'
t TODAY Show First to Reveal New Twitter Redesign
e Former 'Scandal' actor Columbus Short arrested in Texas
t Meteor shower enthusiasts to get treat early Saturday
e Montgomery County natives Hall & Oates inducted into Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
t UPDATE 3-Tech companies urge US FCC to scrap 'net neutrality' plan
t The New HTC One: HTC's Flagship Phone Gets A Full Metal Jacket
e 13 Reasons why Captain America: The Winter Soldier is the Most Important  ...
t Sony revealed 'Project Morph...
b Target's Canadian head fired
t Benefits of Microsoft Office 365 Moving Small Business to the Cloud
t Apple plans 12.9-inch iPad
e Check Out This Green Glowing Muppet Piano
e Stanley Tucci Talks Transformers: Age Of Extinction, Reveals New Clip
b Hewlett-Packard to cut additional 11000 to 16000 jobs
e Justin Bieber manager Scooter Braun marries in Canada
b Tokyo shares end 1.69pc lower
b Apple acquires Dr. Dre's Beats brand for $3bn
b Weibo posts bigger quarterly loss ahead of IPO
e Aubrey Peeples cast as Jem in Jem and The Holograms 11:18AM
b Business News
e 'The Voice' Recap: Usher Uses His Last Steal for 'Brave' Singer
t HOG Rally set for Squamish debut
b BC not worried about new Russia/China gas deal
b Twitter shares tanking as the lockup period ends
t Microsoft (MSFT) Will Take Additional Steps to Protect Users' Privacy
b Brands face Bangla disaster backlash
t MS withdrawal of XP support: Banks allay security concerns
m WRAPUP 1-Liberia shuts schools as Ebola spreads, Peace Corps leaves 3  ...
e Could the Kardashian-West wedding happen this weekend? (w/video)
b Twitter stock surges on strong Q2 results
t Project Ara smartphone slated for January launch in gray
b Protesters Target SF Home of Google Ventures Partner
e Actor Michael Jace pleads not guilty to killing wife: prosecutors
e Kim Kardashian Furious After Sister Kendall Jenner Is New BFFs With Sworn  ...
t Alien on North Carolina beach? No, just a rare lancet fish
m Gene therapy creates 'biological pacemaker' cells for the heart
t HP 7 Plus is an even more budget friendly tablet
b Eurozone growth weakest since December despite strengthening "periphery"
e Tupac Shakur's Last Words Revealed By Police Officer Who Found Him After  ...
e Pat Sajak Trolls the Global Warming Crowd
b US wins over China in luxury car case
t Chromecast begins international trek in 11 new countries
b Just how big is the search area for MH370?
b Valeant Beats on Earnings in Q1
e Garcia Marquez dies at 87
t US Air Force says working hard to certify new rocket launcher
t Chrysler's May US sales top analysts' expectations
b Households face higher power bills by 2020 if renewable-energy target is  ...
t A New Day at Xbox: Phil Spencer Named Head of Xbox, Future Of Xbox One In  ...
e L'Wren Scott 'Leaves Her Entire Fortune' To Long-Term Boyfriend Mick Jagger
m Animal Love: Giraffe Kisses Dying Handler Goodbye
b 2014 Budget Deficit Will Fall to $492B: CBO
e Jennifer Lawrence reveals that space keeps her relationship strong
b Talk of ECB action grows amid Europe growth worry - Business, Government  ...
b “Imminent threat” from LANL waste, state says
b Shire soars as investors bid assets (& dolphins) higher
e Mrs. Doubtfire 2 in the Works
t TweetDeck back up after cyber attack
e Beyoncé's sister attacks Jay-Z in leaked surveillance video
e Tori Spelling, Dean McDermott Divorce: Actress Flirting, Revenge Cheating to  ...
m Day 35 of the Oscar Pistorius trial
e Providence Circus Accident: Animals Inspected but Not Workers
t New record for Mars Rover
m Nearly 5000 People Exposed to Hepatitis A
e Joan Rivers criticises Lena Dunham
e Stooges Drummer Scott Asheton Dead
e British 'Fargo' star spent all day in Minnesotan accent
b Tyson Foods profit doubles due to higher beef, pork prices
b Update on the latest in business:
e Rolling Stones Records in Norridge to celebrate Record Store Day
e Entertainer Rolf Harris Sentenced to 5 years, 9 Months for Abusing Girls
e Charlie Sheen Hammered On New Video
m Allen County health challenges remain, rankings show
e Kiefer Sutherland responds to Prinze Jr. with basically, 'What?'
t Ford and Cadillac embroiled in ad war
t Aquarium nursing young stranded dolphin
e Jack White unveils new solo album + track 'High Ball Stepper'
e Will Smith To Star In Film About Football Concussions In The NFL
t Snapshot: Stocks edge higher after drifting in early trade
e 'The Bachelorette': Eric Hill's death weighs heavily on the cast
t NASA carbon dioxide-hunting telescope reaches orbit
b US Fed announces further cut in monthly bond purchases
e Beyonce puts divorce rumors to rest with a kiss from Jay Z on VMAs stage
e Monty Python at the O2 reviews round-up: What the critics said
b Snapchat Reported in Talks with Alibaba, $10 Billion Valuation
b Oil slips below $110 on profit-taking, stronger dollar
t WWE Network passes first major test with streaming of WrestleMania XXX
e Neil Young on MP3s: “We Were Selling Shit!”
m Thin Yale Student Told To Put On Weight Or Face Expulsion
b Bank of Japan's Kuroda dismisses need for additional stimulus
e Kourtney Kardashian Expecting Baby No. 3
t 2015 Cadillac CTS-V Coupe reveals new V-Series
e Katie Cleary's Husband died due to apparent suicide
m GlaxoSmithKline 'disappointed' with results from lung cancer trial
e North Korea Hates New Seth Rogen Movie, Threatens 'Strong And Merciless  ...
t A smarter way to drive
t Need help? Text '911′
b Why the Housing Market Has Slowed
e Atelier Versace opens Paris Haute Couture week
e Fleetwood Mac to tour Canada
e The Voice 2014: Music List From the Season 6 Battle Rounds — March 17, 2014
b Judge to NY bank: Return $539M to Argentina
e Tinder to introduce celebrity verification to accounts
b TABLE-Toyota Motor -2013/14 group results (SEC)
m DARPA developing memory-restoring neural prosthesis
e The 67th Cannes Film Festival Winners
m Siera Leone's top Ebola doctor dies
e Man aspiring to make bowl of potato salad raises more than $35000 on Kickstarter
b Burger King sells gay pride Whopper to support LGBT rights
e Sharknado 2 Quotes: The Most Awesomely Atrocious!
b VMware (VMW) Releases Quarterly Earnings, Beats Expectations By $0.01 EPS
m Fruit, vegetable consumption linked to lower risk of death; healing power of  ...
b JC Penney Posts Q1 Adj. Loss Of $1.16/shr; Comps. Up 6.2% - Quick Facts
e Ciara Gives Birth To Baby Boy: What Did She Name Him?
m Five reasons why fistbumps beat handshakes
b Gov't-Funded Study Finds Biofuels May Actually Be Worse for the Environment  ...
b Forex - Dollar holds near 9-month highs on employment cost data
b 3 Honduran miners rescued; 8 still missing
e Actor Michael Jace Charged With Wife's Murder
m 3rd MERS Virus Infection in US Reported in Illinois Man
m New Mosquito-Carried Virus Confirmed In U.S. (Video)
e Jenny Lewis' 'The Voyager' review: Doesn't sound fresh
e Veep Season 3 Review “Alicia”
t iOS 7 Update: 7.1.1 Released by Apple for Security and Bug Fixes
e Courtney Love Lands Role In Sons Of Anarchy Season 7
t GM Orders Chevrolet Dealers to Stop Selling Recent Cruzes
e Saturday Night Live Ignites Shitstorm With Slave-Breeding Jokes
b Yellen's media debut: Plenty at stake politically
b Prices rise by 0.2% in the year to March - CSO
m Waco mosquitoes reported to carry West Nile Virus
e Beyonce & Blue Ivy's Matching Mommy-And-Me Manicures Are The Cutest Thing  ...
t Netflix CEO calls for rules to block peering fees
e Watch: Jay-Z and Beyonce release very subtle celeb riddled 'trailer' for their RUN  ...
e New Video Shows Justin Bieber Singing about Killing a 'N----r' and Joining the  ...
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Neo featuring a 5.1-inch display spotted on Indian import  ...
b White House: no change to US ban on crude oil exports
e Robert Pattinson Denies Being The New Indiana Jones He won't be starring in  ...
t MIT Researchers use E.Coli to make biofilms
e Lindsay Lohan Confirms She Wrote List of Alleged Past Lovers
e Delhi celebrates Easter Sunday with fervour
m Advanced Cannabis Solutions Gives Back Some of Its Recent Gains
t Aston Martin's Newest Special Edition Is Actually Cheaper Than The Base Vantage
e Rapper Christ Bearer Severs Penis, Attempts Suicide
b Thursday, March 13 2014 07:41 AM
t Tesla lets rivals access its patented technology for free...and there's no catch
t A great day for whales thanks to Australia
m After Sketches, Dove's Newest Experiment Is "The Beauty Patch"
b Netflix set to launch across central Europe by 2015
b 3 ways Target can turn things around and win back your business
e 7 Best Hip Hop Record Store Day Releases
t $1 billion will invest in open-source cloud computing
e VIDEO: Sneak Peek - 'Fire in the Hole' Episode of HBO's TRUE BLOOD
e Eminem Says "Sorry" To His Mom In Mother's Day Release "Headlights" (VIDEO)
e The Biz: Inside the ABC News Shakeup
b Mega Fish Tank Bursts At Disney World, Turns Cafe Into Waterpark (Video)
b US close: Stocks pull back ahead of earnings season, Fed minutes
e Look! Halle Berry Stuns in Sexy, Shimmering Dress at 'Letterman'
b Twitter COO resignation a symptom of challenges
e Rumor: Jessica Chastain Sought For 'True Detective' Season 2
b Better Mortgage Rates at Commerce Bank, HSBC and Citizens Bank (March 11)
e Robert Downey Jr. thanks police after son's drug arrest
b US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St inches lower at open after data
e Jackman, Dinklage walk X-Men red carpet
t Ozone offenders get called out in report, Bakersfield high on the list
b Alitalia-Etihad confirm 49%-stake agreement
e Cameron Diaz flaunts sexy figure in new shoot, talks about stripping naked for  ...
t Virgin Galactic picks hotel for space tourists
b Etihad Unveils Three-Room 'Residence' On A380 Fleet
e Robin Thicke Gets Slammed About Misogyny, Estranged Wife Paula Patton  ...
m GSK Weight Loss Products Recall: Alli Capsules Recalled For Tampering
b Huge GM Recall Continues Amid Criticism
e Neil Young's PonoPlayer Campaign Hits Crowdfunding Goal In Less Than a Day
m E-cig market growing at 10 brands per month: study
e Who Wore It Best: Audrey Hepburn or Kim Kardashian?
t Gmail Ramps Up Encryption to Thwart the NSA, but It's Still Not a Silver Bullet
b Week Ahead: Candy Crush IPO, Banks, Consumer Confidence In Focus
b Airbnb doesn't even own a bed, but its backers think it's more valuable than Hyatt
b Asian stocks mostly higher after record Dow close
t Google developing tablet with advanced vision capabilities
t Heartbleed Bug: 368 Cloud Services Are Still Dangerous But This Simple Trick  ...
t Man hospitalized after brawl
e Brad Pitt, Matthew McConaughey host charity galas in New Orleans
t UN chief 'adopts' lion cub in Kenya, capping off environmental assembly
e Game of Thrones season 4 premiere free on Xbox Live this week
b Net Job Creation through June 2014
e 'Scandal' actor charged with felony
m Ebola Outbreak Spreads to Conakry, Poses New Challenges
e Person Of The Week: Maksim Chmerkovskiy
t Google's smart contact lens is coming to an eye near you
t Internet Explorer users exposed to danger, Microsoft says
b Euro zone entering 'deflation' zone; ECB expected to boost growth
t What Will The End Of Windows XP Mean For Many Users?
b Charney Plans to Fight American Apparel Changes
e Chris Martin - Chris Martin bought bachelor pad with special trust
e 'Mansions' a poor epitaph for actor
e True Detective Finale: Form And Void And Scented Meat
e Michael Jackson hologram performs at Billboard Music Awards
t Vernal Equinox 2014 Marks First Day Of Spring
b Major Currency Pairs: March 28, 2014
e Will 'American Idol' season 14 have just one show a week on FOX?
b Bayer to buy Merck consumer biz for $14.2 bn
t Samsung Gear Live torn down, found hiding a WiFi chip
e 4 walleye caught in web of "The Amazing Spider-man 2"
e Russia, Ukraine to face off in Eurovision final
t Samsung shares two more Galaxy Note teasers ahead of Note 4 unveiling  ...
e Opening in theaters next week
e Chicago 'Amazing Spider-Man' casting call
m Air pollution responsible for seven million deaths annually: WHO
b China Telecom reports 17.5b yuan profit
e Outkast Celebrate 20 Years Of Hits At Coachella 2014 [VIDEO]
b Piketty's Book -- Just Another Excuse For Legal Plunder And Expanding The State
e TV RECAP: True Blood 7.10 Thank You
e 'RHONYC': Are Aviva And Ramona Still Fighting?
e Katie Couric vs. Big Food: She's a “strong feminist,” but not an “activist”
b Credit Suisse case called warning to foreign banks
e Churches celebrate Easter services
e Rolf Harris begins his defence with rendition of Jake the Peg
t Wearable Technology Sector to Grow in 2014
e Watch the new Jupiter Ascending trailer featuring Mila Kunis, Channing Tatum  ...
t Chrysler tells feds it can speed Jeep hitch recall
e Kids Today Deserver Better Than Legends of Oz: Dorothy's Return
b San Francisco Burger King goes rainbow with 'Proud Whopper,' response mixed
e Why Beyoncé And Victoria Beckham Want To Ban 'Bossy'
m 1 in 5 students at an Ivy League college abuse stimulant drugs
b U.S. stocks rise on earnings, possible deals
t Nokia Job Postings Show That HERE Maps For Android And iOS Are Coming
b 'Candy Crush' maker King makes IPO debut for $7bn valuation
b How the Dow Jones average fared Wednesday
t PR Newswire
t Windows XP Users Offered Cash And Data Transfer Help By Microsoft
e Watch Bill Cosby 'tightrope' with Jimmy Fallon on his back on 'The Tonight Show'
m Recalled Walmart dolls overheat and burn
b Obamacare enrollment hits 5 million mark with deadline two weeks away
e A Point of View: Here comes the flood
m Salmonella 1
e Rob Kardashian Sizzurp and Weed Photos Emerge – Drug Addict Pics  ...
e Kids' Choice Awards 2014
b Mortgage Interest Rates Quoted Higher at Wells Fargo on Tues March 18
b Chicago Mayor Proposes Moves to Overhaul Pension Funds
t Nvidia-powered HTC Volantis is the new and possibly last Nexus tablet
e 2014 BET Awards Best Dressed
m New blood test 'paves way to halt dementia': Patients could get drugs earlier
e Batman V Superman: Dawn of Justice Image - Is That Gotham?
e Grande to perform at MTV Video Music Awards
b Ford Motor Company to Reportedly Tap Mark Fields as New CEO (F)
b 10 Things You Need To Know Before The Opening Bell
t Man sees Loch Ness Monster on Apple Maps
e MTV VMA 2014: Nicki Minaj Gives A Raunchy And Twerking Performance On  ...
e Toll spat continues as Netflix accuses Comcast of double dipping
e Potato salad project rakes in cash...
e Kim Kardashian Steals the Show During Kanye West's Bonnaroo Performance
m 'Naked locals with knives' drives Red cross away from Ebola-stricken Guinea
m Electric jolt beats sitting alone with our own thoughts, study finds
e Churches invite all to celebrate this Easter
e School Girl Chic? Blake Lively Steps Out at CFDA Fashion Event
t Facebook said it would work with regulators and was changing the way it  ...
e Jay Z and Beyonce: Exploiting Justin Bieber?
e Denver police issue citations against security guards at 4/20 rally
t Ah ha, mon amour violet ... French Iliad attempts to nibble on T-Mobile US
e TV actor pleads not guilty in death of wife
e Movie reviews: 'Guardians of the Galaxy,' 'Get on Up'
e Drew Barrymore Hardly Knew Her Half-Sister Who Died Yesterday
e Olivia Wilde And Fiancé Jason Sudeikis Welcome Baby Boy; Actress Reveals  ...
e Mrs. Doubtfire sequel with Robin Williams is in the works 9:38AM
t Is it time for a new LG watch already?
b Charting a bullish second-quarter backdrop
b MARKET SNAPSHOT: US Stocks Turn Negative On Yellen's Remarks
b Dot Com redux: Billion dollar IPO expected for baby product tied to Jessica Alba
e Fox aims for remake with new fall lineup
e Channing Tatum Says He's A "High-Functioning" Alcoholic & Loves To Eat
b Dollar gains against euro as Draghi comments weigh, US retail sales loom
b Texas' Energy Future files Ch. 11 reorganization - WNCN: News, Weather
b Alibaba files for US IPO
m CDC Director: Ebola Is 'Worse Than I'd Feared'
t Google's building 7-inch Project Tango tablets that see the world around them  ...
e Broadcasters and Basic Cable Prove Staying Power at Emmys
b GLOBAL CURRENCY News - Banks to Return $4.66-B to ECBGLOBAL  ...
e Bill Murray Crashes Bachelor Party And Gives Incredible Speech — Watch
b Yum's China sales jump as KFC bounces back
m Greek flu death toll surpasses 100
b Dubai to build world's first 'climate-controlled city'
m Candle Light Vigil for HIV
e Licence decisions are often left late
b Coast Guard calls BP's spill cleanup claim premature
m Hawaii makes list for chicken recalled over bug
b Home price gains continue to slow
b North America Sales Weigh on Ford's First Quarter
t GM answering questions from Congress over recall
e Once Upon a Time Casts Two Frozen Characters
e Jolie wants 'silly' nuptials
e Singapore bans 'Archie' comics featuring married gay characters
m Women Are More Vulnerable To Alzheimer's Disease Than Men
e Soul singer Bobby Womack dies at 70
t Commercial shipment arrives at space station
t Unusual Month for Gasoline Prices in Erie
e Justin Bieber Hits Back At Seth Rogen Comments: 'Sorry I Didn't Bow Down'
b 'Bank on our support to aid recovery' - Bank of England deputy governor
t 2015 Chevrolet Corvette Z06 Convertible revealed by General Motors.
e Maya Angelou's connection to East Tennessee
t MotoGP, Rossi: Marquez? Too strong for everyone
e Live-Action Jem And The Holograms Reveals Its Cast
m Electronic cigarettes may not help people stop smoking: Study
e Every Easter Egg, Nod, And Wink You May Have Missed In Spider-Man 2
t Yahoo, Intel results on tap in after hours
t ISS thrusters fired Sunday to dodge space junk
t This Is Why Oracle Just Made A Huge $5.3 Billion Acquisition
b Stock Prices Reverse Higher
b Apple readies launch of iPhone Samsung Co faces 'falling' profits as succession  ...
b Hang Seng flat, Shanghai down
m Fifth case of chikungunya confirmed in Texas
b Google Same-Day Delivery Service Now in NYC, West LA
e VIDEO: Maleficent - Trailer and review
m Illinois charts path to provide medical marijuana by spring
b Lenovo annual net profit rises 29%
t Samsung Galaxy S3 vs Nexus 4 : Comparison between two Android device
e 'Bachelor' Host Says No to 'Less Hunky, Chubby' Bachelor
t Scientists observe deep-sea octopus with record-breaking patience
e Afrojack Brings Surprises
b Bon-Ton comparable store sales down 4.2 percent in 2013
b Buffett says he has no worries about his successor
e Anna Williamson's Showbiz Peek at the Week: Clooney, Eurovision, more
m Ohio is 31st in health of its seniors
e 'Transcendence' an underwhelming zombie movie in disguise
t Climate catastrophe?
b UPDATE 1-Lockheed beats Raytheon to win US 'Space Fence' contract
e TV Upfronts: 4 Major Questions Facing the Networks for 2014-15
e Kim Kardashian Shares Cute Photo of Kanye West & Baby North Napping on  ...
e Mariah Carey & Nick Cannon: Working Out A Divorce Agreement
t Humpback whales passing Coffs Coast up since hunting bans
e Russell Crowe praises Darren Aronofsky for using CGI for animals in Noah
e Mayweather: 'I told TI these hoes ain't loyal'
b Procter & Gamble to slim down product lineup - WNCN: News, Weather
b Mark Mardell: Vietnam is the Ukraine of the Pacific
b Oracle buying Micros Systems for about $5.3 billion
b California regulators expand reporting requirements for logging companies amid  ...
t Nintendo loses more money than expected as Wii U lags in sales
e New Netflix Sitcom to Star Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin; Billy Crystal to Head  ...
t New 'Don't Text and Drive' commercial to target distracted driving
b Country Bankruptcies and the Shackles of U.S. Law
e Boston Marathon bombing survivor back on dance floor
m Milk As Arthritis Treatment? Drinking Up To 7 Glasses Of Milk Per Week Eases  ...
t Windows Phone 9 coming early next year?
m Winnebago County Releases Health Rankings Report
b Malaysian Disappearance Joins Longest in Modern Aviation
b Malaysian PM to travel to Netherlands
e SNL mocks Solange's assault on Jay Z
m How to Cope With Food Allergies
m CDC director: Anthrax exposure 'never should have happened'
t Gas prices on the rise across the US
t Nexus 6 Concept Render Includes Larger Display, Realistic Specs, Nexus 5  ...
b Amazon.com "not optimistic" about Hachette book deal
e Inside Kimye's second honeymoon in the luxurious Punta Mita, Mexico
t Can Dr. Dre, Jimmy Iovine Bring Cool Back to Apple?
b Mark Fields named as new Ford CEO
t Phoenix's Greg Stanton among US mayors to unanimously pass climate change  ...
t Lenovo Confident IBM, Mobility Deals Will be Completed in 2014
t Top climate expert's sensational claim of government meddling in crucial UN report
e Netflix Original Sitcom Starring Jane Fonda Coming From Friends Creator
e Bob Dylan lyrics Like A Rolling Stone sets Sotheby's record
t Oculus VR Responds to Zenimax's Claims of Stolen Technology
b Burger King eyes Tim Hortons for tax inversion deal
t 'Operation Dry Water' Slated
e Some parents in Topeka school district upset that Michelle Obama to speak at  ...
e Review: 'Other Woman' has zip but little else
m Dialysis Machine Designed for Babies with Kidney Problems
t Amazon aims to break from pack with 3D, shopping-ready "Fire" phone
b Target asks customers to leave their guns behind
t Google starts filtering European search results for 'right to be forgotten' requests
e Selena Gomez and Orlando Bloom Hooked Up or Taking Revenge?
e Ben Affleck Hedges His Bets & Treats Jennifer Garner To A Romantic  ...
m No clotting risk from HPV vaccination
m The link between weight and life satisfaction depends on where you live: Study
e Nicki Minaj Disses Iggy Azalea in Her BET Award Acceptance Speech
e Taylor Swift gets sexy at ACM Awards
t No Targeted Facebook Ads for You, If You Want
b Northern California needs a metropolitan water district
b What the UCLA campus looked like during the flood and what it looks like today
b China finds no terror link to 153 nationals on Malaysia plane
b General Motors Facing Five Government Probes
e Like Good Neighbors, Spider Man Dethroned After One Week
e 'Dancing With the Stars' spoilers: What are the week 4 switched-up pairings?
e Jennifer Lawrence Loves Harry Potter, Peeing Like A Man
m WHO Report: Air Pollution Killed 7 Million People in 2012
e R&B star CIARA has named her newborn son after his rapper father FUTURE.
e Official 'Batman vs. Superman' Title and Logo Revealed
t US military destroys hypersonic weapon after aircraft problem detected
e New 'Star Wars' movie to focus on new generation of heroes
b Capital in the Twenty-First Century by Thomas Piketty, translated by Arthur  ...
e Ray J Offers Sex Tape Profits To Kanye West & Kim Kardashian As Wedding  ...
e 'The Voice' 2014 elimination recap: Top 10 revealed after America's 1st vote
t What is Google Glass and what does it do?
b Sikorsky, Lockheed win $1.28 billion US helicopter deal
e Extra Scoop: Just Call Her Lindsay Lohan, Stage Actress
e 90s kids, you're getting another 'Power Rangers' movie
t Leaked Official Images of Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 7.0 Now Out
m H5N1 Virus Require Five Mutations To Spread: Study
b AAA Project More Than 800000 Marylanders Will Travel During The 4th Of July
e Homer Simpson joins ALS Ice Bucket Challenge, challenges Donald Trump
b Flight 370: Australia Checking On 2 Objects Found By Satellite
m Mers virus: Saudi Arabia raises death toll to 282
e 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' Exceeds $200M in China Box Office, to Beat  ...
b Solar Wind Energy Tower, Inc Extends Rights to Develop Energy Towers in Africa
e Zac Efron & Seth Rogen, Angelina Jolie and Willow Smith land in our MORNING…
e Ann Curry Rescued by Boy Scouts After Breaking Her Ankle While Hiking
e Katy Perry sued by Christian rapper for allegedly ripping off his song on 'Dark  ...
b Stephen Walsh, former Islanders co-owner, pleads guilty to securities fraud in  ...
e L.A. Reid and New Music From Michael Jackson
t Wireless Smartphones & Starbucks Online 2014: Coffee Giant to Offer Phone  ...
e Bryan Singer's Accuser Opens Up at Press Conference: 'I Was Raped Numerous  ...
t LEAK: For One Day Only, Google Will Let Anyone Pay $1500 For Glass
m First US MERS patient could leave hospital soon
e Box office: 'Transformers' roars with $8.75 million on Thursday
e Inside Taylor Swift's Star-Studded July 4th Weekend
t Mozilla employees, developers demand new CEO resign over donations to anti  ...
e Stacy Keibler Secretly Marries Jared Pobre in Beach Ceremony in Mexico
e Walker brothers help complete film
b China's love of luxury cars undimmed by domestic troubles
t Infographic: Games M&A >$6B for 2014 if YouTube/Twitch completes
t Apple Inc. versus Samsung Electronics case goes to California jury
b U.S. Treasury Bonds Pull Back as Markets Rise
b Deadline Looms for 2013 Tax Filing Season
b Outside in | Whose WTO is it anyway?
m No 'result' yet on AIDS vaccine
m Canadian Man Tests Negative for Ebola
b Twitter downplays World Cup's role in user growth but experts are skeptical
e 'Pretty Little Liars' Cast GQ Photoshop Controversy, Did The Magazine Over-Do It?
e Pamela Anderson Files For Divorce From Ricky Salomon (Again)
e Jay Z And Beyoncé Are Going On Tour
m High-fat foods gain favor as consumers seeking weight loss reject diet foods
b All of the reasons why the No. 1 book on Amazon -- and the left's most hyped  ...
e Brad Pitt, Angelina Jolie visit China
t Next Galaxy Note will be different: Samsung
e Stephen Colbert hosting 'Late Show' raises questions, hope
t Nokia X2 Unveiled by Microsoft
e Your Daily Eye Queue: Terry Richardson Before He Was Famous, Tinie  ...
t Google I/O 2014 Roundup: Android One, TV, Version 'L' OS, Project Tango and  ...
b Why Facebook (FB) Stock Is Down Today
b J&J accepts $4B Carlyle offer for diagnostics unit - WNCN: News, Weather for  ...
t Facebook a tool for governance, better interaction, PM Narendra Modi says
b Treasuries Extend Rally, 10Y Yield Falls To 10-Month Low 2.443%
b Chipotle's Earnings Confirm Its Growth Story
e Eva Mendes carries Ryan Gosling's baby! Say what?
b Stock index futures fall a day after tech rout
b Kaepernick: TMZ report 'completely wrong'
e Robert Downey Jr's son arrested in Los Angeles
e Religion Calendar: Maundy Thursday 2014
t Will the #selfdrivingcar make drivers obsolete?
b Oracle to Acquire Micros Systems for $5.3 Billion
t Google Buys Drone Company Titan Aerospace
e Rhode Island circus collapse probe focused on clamp: official
m Therapy dog helps troops with postwar stress
t Apple Said To Be Launching An 8GB iPhone 5c Tomorrow
e North Korea threatens to 'punish' Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop over  ...
e Kim Kardashian greets Kanye fans in a scandalously skimpy vest
b Twitter operating chief Ali Rowghani resigns
t NASA Plans Mission At Space Station To Fix Computer Outage
e Lena Dunham At SXSW - A Case Study In Not Hating Celebrities, Even When  ...
e Beyonce Rocks Pretty, Flowing Waves To The 2014 MTV VMAs
e Nicki Minaj Throws Shade At Iggy Azalea During BET Awards
t Apple may form streaming service with Comcast
b Yahoo Beats Estimates and Stock Pops After Hours
t Lunar eclipse a sight to behold overnight
m POLL: Should the Federal Government Regulate E-Cigarettes?
t Tech firms agree lawsuit payment
m Revealed -- the molecules which bind together when the sperm meets the egg
t Google says it never copied iPhone features for Android
m What's News—
t NASA Reaches Deal With Boeing to Build Deep Space Rockets
e McCartney back on stage after virus
e Edge of Tomorrow…a movie review by Roz Tarszisz
b Treasuries gain as Fed minutes ease concern on rates
t World Cup 2014 : Best wishes for Cup come from International Space Station
e Nothing but the best, by George
e MAZEL TOV! Alicia Keys & Swizz Beatz Expecting Baby Number Two (PHOTOS)
t Apple iPad Mini 2 vs. Galaxy Tab 4 vs. HP 7 Plus: Specs and Features
m Suicide risk could be predicted with blood test, new study suggests
t Facebook's creepy psychology experiment being investigated in the UK
e Seth McFarlane to donate up to $1 million for 'Reading Rainbow' kickstarter
t Android Wear smartwatches from Samsung and LG go on sale
t 7 Samsung Galaxy S5 Security Tips to Keep You Safe
t A casual cyclist embraces San Francisco's Bike to Work Day
t Office for iPad may (finally) arrive as soon as March 27
e Amazon's Streaming Service Launches in the United States…
e Lindsay Lohan heading back to her old ways
t Nokia Lumia 630 available in UK from just £89.95
b Stock indexes edge lower; Tiffany gains
b Euro Area Unemployment Steadies At 11.9% In Feb
b Twitter Inc shares plumb new lows as stock lock-up expires
e Early Picasso masterpiece reveals hidden mystery man
b Health care enrollment extended beyond March 31
t Dozens of houses searched in hackers hunt
b Google Profit Misses Street; Stock Down
t Robbers loot Samsung plant in Brazil - WXOW News 19 La Crosse, WI – News  ...
t Mysterious "Magic Island" appears on the surface of Saturn's moon Titan
b Introductory statement to the press conference (with Q&A)
t BlackBerry Ups Consumer/Business Game With Amazon Appstore Deal, New  ...
t E3 2014: Gamers are the winners – Reader's Feature
t AT&T, T-Mobile start Samsung S5 orders
t Microsoft Surface Pro 3 tablet now ready for pre-order
e Blake Shelton Tweeted Adam Levine's Personal Cell Phone Number Out! No  ...
b Train nearly sideswipes Sen. during rail safety event
b Europe rejects UK's financial transaction tax challenge
e Weekend Box Office: 'Noah' #1 With $44 Million, 'Sabotage' Marks Another  ...
t Loch Ness Monster Sighting: Did Apple Maps Inadvertently Confirms Mythical  ...
t NASA—LADEE Loses It + Greets The Moon (Spacecraft)
e North Korea's Take on New US Movie: 'Act of War'
e US Airways very, very, very sorry after tweeting NSFW naked woman
e Seven US television shows announce they are ending
e Kanye West's Second Stint At Bonnaroo Was Strange Indeed! Rapper Lashed  ...
e 2014 MTV Movie Awards: Mark Wahlberg Wins Generation Award Saying 'It's  ...
t Galaxy S5′s Fingerprint Scanner Could Be Used By Dutch Police [Rumor]
e Kim Kardashian's Wedding Earrings Were Actually a Gift from Kanye from Over a  ...
b King's Candy Crush Tapping Towards a $7.6 Billion IPO Valuation
b Asian shares at 1-year high, bonds fly high on ECB
b Michigan holds on late to beat Tennessee 73-71
e A 'Full House' Revival? John Stamos Confirms Rumors
e 24: Live Another Day new trailer surfaces
b US Producer Price Index falls 0.2%
e Prepare For OutKast At Coachella By Watching A 17-Year-Old Big Boi's Anti  ...
t Sony tape smashes storage record
t Apple updates MacBook Pro laptops
e 'Penny Dreadful' is a lively walk through the macabre
e Singer Chris Brown admits probation violation
b German manufacturing sector expands at weakest rate in seven months in May  ...
e Emma Stone Talks Confidence, 'Spider-Man 2'
b Blackberry 10.3 OS Can Run Android Apps
b US restaurant chain PF Chang's confirms security breach
t Police charge Canadian man in 'Heartbleed' attack on tax agency
b Recall: 96K pounds of Oscar Mayer wieners
e Ciara confirms baby's birth
b With a 'Fire' Smartphone,Amazon challenges Apple
t New Freezing Earth-Like Planet Discovered 3000 Light-Years Away
e A Whitney Houston Biopic is Coming to Lifetime
b The planned P3 Network abandoned
t Climate Report Ignites Debate on Capitol Hill
e Kathleen Parker: America's heartland has noting to fear from Stephen Colbert
b Martin Marietta must divest as part of Texas Industries deal -DOJ
t Lenovo sees IBM server deal by end of this year
t FBI charge four US citizens for part in global hacking group BlackShades which  ...
b Red Lobster restaurant chain sold
e Friends of the Lodge attend X-Men premiere
e Hollywood's growing faith in Christian movies
t In AT&T's U-verse world, faster may not necessarily be better
e Selena Gomez Fires Mom & Dad I'm Beyond Your Control
e VP Joe Biden remembers Howard Baker
e Jesus Christ Superstar: Why it took so long for Hollywood to get God
e Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson lays the smackdown in awesome first trailer for  ...
e Lindsay Lohan sues makers of GTA V over look-alike complaints
t US warns Facebook on privacy in WhatsApp mega deal
t Comcast Issues Statement on That Ridiculous Customer Service Call
t Geysers on Saturn moon fueled by hidden sea and convulsing ice
e Optimus Prime Draws His Sword in New 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' Photos
e Jenny McCarthy And Sherri Shepherd Say They Weren't Fired From 'The View  ...
e Angelina and Brad Pitt joining forces for new movie
b Analysis: Game changer or symbolic move - U.S. debates condensate exports
b AstraZeneca rejects Pfizer's 2nd $100bn offer
t Climate Alarmists Ridiculed Amid Record Cold Year Across US
b Alibaba plans US float
m Do the FDA's e-cigarette restrictions go far enough?
b EUR/USD: US personal income and expenditure increase 0.3%
e David Bowie - Susan Sarandon Challenges Ex-lover David Bowie To Ice Bucket  ...
b Posted by Abdul Ahad
e Justin Bieber Responds to Seth Rogen's Big Diss
b Obama's Asia pivot tested by China's bold maritime claims
b Daily business briefing: Barnes and Nobles may split bookstore, Nook into  ...
e Paul McCartney expected to make full recovery from illness
b S&P 500 closes over 2000, but surge has skeptics
e Emma Stone, Rita Ora and Fearne Cotton can't get enough of yellow
b Lew heads to China as Obama White House struggles to move yuan
e Happy Nirvana Day Hoquiam
e Kim Jong-un Threatens War with the US if Seth Rogen and James Franco's 'The  ...
m Medicaid expansion could create 63K Florida jobs, says White House
e Koreas mark 64th anniversary of war
b Honeymoon slaying suspect arrives in South Africa
e Stars all red at Emmy awards night
e Seth MacFarlane: Charlize makes me great
e James Franco Blames YOU for His Naked Selfie
b King sets IPO price at $21 to $24, for $7.6B valuation
m CO Girl who Shaved Head for Pal is Back in School
b Carlyle Group (CG) Names Michael Cavanagh and Glenn Youngki as co  ...
b Major oil & gas firm to list drilling chemicals
t Google pays tribute to Rubik's Cube
m United Nations Report Says AIDS Epidemic Could Be Brought Under Control by  ...
b Australia resumes search for crashed Malaysian plane
m A Cup of Coffee a Day Can Stave Off Eye Damage
e Pink Floyd to release new album: Never before heard material on 'The Endless  ...
b Google misses Q1 revenue target
e Gwar's Top 5 Mainstream Moments: Fox News, 'Beavis & Butt-Head' & More
e Sydenham's Rolf Harris does wobble board impression during sex trial
e WAKE UP with BroadwayWorld - Wednesday, April 16, 2014 - OF MICE AND  ...
b Russian shares down, Rosneft underperforms after Yukos ruling
b Agricultural Bank on target with 14.5pc profit jump
e Paul Rudd Once Tried to Steal Jon Hamm's Prom Date, So They Faced Off in  ...
e Why Is Drunk Charlie Sheen In The Bushes At A Taco Bell Drive-Through?
b FAA official: Drone, jetliner nearly collided
e Courtney Love to Play a Preschool Teacher in 'Sons of Anarchy'
b Chaos in Hong Kong parliament as pan-democrats stage walkout
t Smartphone Kill Switch Gets Breath of Life
t Disproportionate influence
t GM recall hearing live video stream: CEO Mary Barra to face Congress about  ...
e Who Keeps Hacking The &quot;Glee&quot; Cast's Twitter Accounts?
b World's largest cement groups Lafarge, Holcim in $50 billion-plus merger talks
e Caleb Johnson Rocks Led Zeppelin on American Idol Top 9 [VIDEO]
m The Best and Worst Places to Be a Mom
b Solid gains for automakers and construction as US employers add 209000 jobs  ...
t GM recalls more vehicles
b March Sales of Existing Homes Slip Again
e Home»News»Entertainment»SiriusXM fires host Cumia from 'Opie & Anthony  ...
m Drug-resistant malaria spreading fast in SE Asia
b Yum's China rebound dimmed by India, Pizza Hut weakness
b Deal for Parsippany-based Pinnacle foods may be off
e Trailer for upcoming Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles film offers a first look at  ...
t Almost half of Americans live with unhealthy levels of air pollution
e First lady says a high school diploma is not enough, tours Howard U. campus  ...
e More 'Hobbit' some 'Fury' and 'Fifty Shades and Grey' coming to a cinema near you
e “Weird Al” Yankovic pays tribute to Lorde and aluminum foil in newest video
b US stocks end slightly higher after day of wavering between gains and losses  ...
b U.S. Consumer Prices Rise In Line With Economist Estimates
e Muppets Most Wanted, reviewed: Sequel is a letdown that's less heart, more felt  ...
e Emma Stone Talks About Andrew Garfield: 'I Love Him Very Much'
t Samsung Galaxy S5 now on sale globally
e 'Game Of Thrones' Season 4 Finale Spoilers: 3 Majors Death To Occur In 'The  ...
e Nicks Joining "The Voice" as Adviser
b Outcry as Turkish courts shut down Twitter
e Pretty Little Liars Season 5, Episode 8 Synopsis — "Scream For Me"
b 'Flash traders' investigated by FBI as book blows lid on their methods to billion  ...
t Did Apple's Summer Apps Predict The Coming Of An iWatch?
b GOLD PRICE NEWS – Central bank gold agreement renewed for fourth time
e Jonah Hill Apologizes For Homophobic Slur On 'Tonight Show'
t VIDEO: Sandberg Says She Rebuffed Request From Google To Limit Poaching
t 10 Occupy Google Protesters Arrested Ahead of I/O Demonstration
b Restrictions on Chicago marijuana dispensaries likely getting tighter -- Duly  ...
b Alstom Endorses GE's Power Unit Bid
e FOX, Publicist Confirm Colfer to Return to GLEE: Network Releases Statement!
e 'How I Met Your Mother' series finale sets ratings record
b Target's Canadian Losses Top $1.5 Billion
b Mortgage Interest Rates Remain Steady at Chase Bank on March 19, 2014
e Miley Cyrus and Flaming Lips Record Beatles Cover
e Mr And Mrs Smith 2? Brad Pitt And Angelina Jolie Planning To Star Together In  ...
e Miley Cyrus brings Bangerz tour to London
m Exercise Your Brain to Prevent the Onset of Dementia
t Microsoft OneDrive for Business now comes with 1TB of cloud storage
e 'Captain America' Wins Second Box Office Victory
t Tesla to install shields to prevent car fires
t Netflix Hints At Price Increase In Strong Q1 Earnings Report
t Microsoft Corporation's Cold War With Google Is Heating Up
t Google teases Android Wear for smartwatches
b Corrected – Vietnam vows tough measures to avert anti-China unrest
b Views from the top: HFT in Europe
e Disney Confirms "Incredibles 2," "Cars 3" on the Way
e Angelina Jolie gets her wings in 'Maleficent' trailer, talks '50 Shades of Grey'
t Eyes to the Sky: Corn Moon guide to planets, stars
b 24m supply chain savings from banana merger
m Mystery Illness Kills 23 in Guinea
t Report: iTunes Radio Third Most Popular Service For Streaming Music
b TJX Falls Most in Five Years After Profit Trails Estimates
t Pichai sounds off on current Android issues after I/O keynote
t Refreshed MacBook Pro to Arrive Tomorrow?
e Gwen Stefani to replace a very pregnant Christina Aguilera on The Voice USA  ...
b Job surge energizes economic recovery
t ABC40 Alert: Chevy Aveo Latest GM Recall
e Aereo versus broadcasters: Early shots fired
b Bond purchases to boost economy to end in October
b Euro under pressure, more ahead?
e Beyoncé, Jay Z and Gwen Stefani: Coachella's Cameo-Packed Saturday
m The FDA proposed a ban on selling e-cigarettes to minors. (Credit: Audrey C  ...
m Petco Will Stop Selling Pet Treats From China In Its 1300 Stores
m Tamiflu, Relenza ineffective: bird flu needs 5 mutations to spread
t Apple's success in China sets stage for iPhone 6, new products
e Neil Young solving music snobs' problems for $399
m Canadian woman films herself having a stroke after doctors turned her away
b Fuel from corn waste worse for climate than gas in short run, study says
t Daddy Longlegs Aren't Actually Spiders
b Barclays to appoint new pay committee head -Sky News
e 'Medical issues' hospitalize Boston concertgoers at Avicii show
t NSA leaks fuelled debate on spying, Edward Snowden says
t Get The Lead Out: How A New Super-Efficient Solar Cell Technology Just Got  ...
m Indiana MERS Patient Still Isolated, Improving
b Russia sees significant risks for EU gas supplies via Ukraine-Gazprom CEO
t What's worth mastering in Microsoft Excel 0
e Marvel's Thor is now a woman and it's awesome
e Johnny Depp emulates creature in "Transcendence"
m Teens fighting less, smoking less and having less sex, but some bad habits are  ...
e 'Veronica Mars' Premieres at SXSW Music and Film Festival
t Beta Details and Dates Revealed for 'Destiny' Including Four Platforms
t Ford reveals 50th anniversary Mustang
e Suzette Martinez Standring: The God-Man of Easter
e Kanye West compares paparazzi invasion to
m 1/3rd of the World is Now Obese
m Why Are Alaskan Bars Giving Away Pregnancy Tests?
e Funeral of Peaches Geldof takes place in London
t Apple - IBM Partnership: Enough To Solve Enterprise iOS Fears?
e 'Star Wars: Episode VII' Cast Grows As Open Audition Hopefuls Secure Roles  ...
m Measles outbreak in California growing -- 21 cases in one county
b Sterling hits five-and-a-half-year high as economy keeps on giving
m Guinea confirms deadly mystery epidemic as Ebola
b Asia stocks fall a fourth day as BOJ refrains from more easing
t How Will Honda Motor (HMC) Stock Be Affected By Latest Airbag Recall?
t Netflix CEO Slams ISPs For 'Extracting A Toll Because They Can'
e Lady Gaga - Lady Gaga given sex toy for 28th birthday
e Midnight Rider Producers Charged With Involuntary Manslaughter
t How to solve Google Doodle's Rubik's Cube
t T-Mobile Annouces Uncarrier 5.0 / 6.0 – Test Drive, unRadio and Wideband LTE
m Dr. Oz's bad medicine
t Senate Dems protest FCC plan for Internet 'fast lanes'
e The Voice's Usher on His First Win: "Losing Was Not an Option"
b Vodafone buys Spanish cable firm Ono for 7.2 billion euros
t Half of Americans live in counties with unhealthy air quality
e Transcendence | Movie Review – Transcen'dense'
e Bachelorette Andi Dorfman's Engagement Ring From Fiance Josh Murray: All  ...
t Microsoft's Surface Pro 3 to hit Australian shores in August
b Asian shares waver, euro steady but ECB talk weighs
e Miley Cyrus performs in her actual undies!
b Senate Banking Leaders Outline Plan to Dump Fannie, Freddie
t GM Recalls Stalled in 10 Years of Committee Alphabet Soup
t AT&T Kills Aio And Relaunches Cricket Wireless
t White House climate change report refuted by UAH professor
t Google's Secret Weapon for Android TV: Games
m Overuse of brain scans for headaches persists, despite guidelines
t PS4 System Update 1.70 will include ShareFactory, HDCP off switch and more
e Photos: Bobby Womack through the years
m Bradford High student holds own Relay for Life event
m AIDS Candlelight Memorial Service held in downtown Austin
m Stress Hormone, Cortisol, Tied to Teens' Car Accident Risk
e Beyonce and Solange put Jay Z fight behind them on Instagram
t UN Report Stresses Need to Switch to Renewable Sources for Lessening  ...
t Starbucks teams with Duracell to put wireless phone chargers in cafes
t South Korea to See Samsung Galaxy S5 Before the Rest of Us
m Officials: Little Risk of Ebola Outbreak in US
t Spiders In Gasoline Lines Cause Mazda Recall
m CDC: Painkiller prescription rates vary widely among states
t Microsoft Begins Life As A Smartphone Manufacturer As Nokia Deal Is Finalized
e Actress Ann B. Davis, Alice on 'The Brady Bunch,' dies
t Apple getting ready to buy Beats for what is probably way too much money  ...
b Gold slips
e 'Girl Meets World': extra ham in next-gen sitcom
e Neil Patrick Harris Sings “Les Miserables” Duet With Jason Segel [Video]
e Paul McCartney treated in Tokyo hospital for virus, expected to make full...
e 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier' sets April box office record with $96.2  ...
e Selena Gomez Responds To Miley Cyrus 'F**k You' Diss!?
e Tracy Morgan 'Continues to Show Signs of Improvement' But Still Critical After NJ  ...
b European finmins meet on economic outlook, financial stability
b Construction Spending Down in June, but up Year-Over-Year
t Happy Birthday! Twitter turns eight
b Pot on the Spot: Marijuana vending machine unveiled in Colorado
t Crows are as clever as a seven year old!
t Novartis partners Google for 'smart lens' technology
t Tesla Model S upgraded to prevent fires
e Ready For A Change?: Marvel Announces They Will Introduce Captain America  ...
b Report: PokerStars Sold To Amaya Gaming
e Goonies 2 in the Works; Superman: The Movie's Richard Donner Wants to  ...
t Facebook is getting more aggressive with hiding News Feed spam
e Did French Montana hint strongly at Khloe romance?
e Lady Gaga Goes Real Housewives In GUY Video (Recap)
t You'll never believe how Facebook plans to fight click-bait
e RECAP: Fargo Watch: Like a Good Neighbor
e Game of Thrones Season 4 Finale Had No [SPOILER] — Good Call, or a Mistake?
m FDA continues looking for root of toxic jerky treats for dogs
b Men's Wearhouse secures deal to buy Jos A Bank
b BNY Mellon to hold onto Argentine bond funds
b 'Jet debris in southern Indian Ocean'
b New crowd-sourced data shows Phuket yacht sighting, MH370 flight path correlate
t Rumor: Microsoft Office for iPad reveal on Mar. 27th
m Ebola cases could eventually reach 20 000: UN
b Stock Upgrades: King Digital Entertainment Can Candy Crush the Competition
e Harrison Ford hurts ankle on 'Star Wars' set
b General Electric Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Morgan Stanley (GE)
e Sept. 11 museum opens its doors to relatives, survivors
e Paging Zach Braff! Donald Faison Visits His Scrubs Buddy Backstage at Bullets  ...
e Rob Kardashian Continues To Struggle With His Weight As He's Spotted At LAX  ...
b PUC prepares for showdown with Lyft, Uber
t Get ready for Google Translate on steroids
t Cisco to invest $1bn to expand cloud biz over next 2 years
e 5 things to know about Lupita Nyong'o
e Passover, Easter and how we can learn from each other
e Sick Paul McCartney axes two more shows on Japanese tour
b UPDATE 1-Wall St Week Ahead-Stocks face earnings blues after tech slide
t Car wars: Tesla, Ecotricity and the battle for Britain's electric highways
t Cop or Drop: "Watch Dogs" and the Sharpened Paranoia of Life in the Security  ...
b Twitter reports 255 million users, disappointing Street
t Amazon's first smartphone confirmed to be an AT&T exclusive
e 'Neighbors' Tops Weekend Box Office; 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2' Drops 59  ...
t Data demands report of users from government by Google and Yahoo
b Here's the statement from the Washington Redskins' trademark attorney on the  ...
m Friends share similar DNA
e Where to see the stars of 'How I Met Your Mother' after Monday's finale
b News Corp.'s Rupert Murdoch Anoints His Heir Apparent
t U.N. report: Climate change can still be stopped but only if we act now
b Euro off highs ahead of ECB; Aussie buoyed by upbeat data
e Jessica Chastain reportedly offered lead 'True Detective' season 2 role
t Coldest and Faintest White Dwarf Star Discovered
m Woman told by gym to cover up her 'toned body'
t Samsung Reportedly Has A New Smartwatch Communicator Up Its Sleeve
e Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Are Getting Married This Week!
e Twitterati hail Dolly's Glastonbury performance
t Dash: A shopping list scanner launched by Amazon
e Movies Review Maleficent review: 'Angelina Jolie is mesmerising'
t Self-driving cars 'not far away' says internet giant Google
b Sprint Corporation (S) and T-Mobile US Inc (TMUS) near $32 billion merger
t Google Terms of Services clarifies email scanning process
b DISH Network Corp (DISH) news: Report: Dish Network pushing for merger talks  ...
t Facebook to Use Nearby Friends Location Data for Advertisements
e 'Once Upon a Time in Wonderland' Recap: Will Risks Everything To Save  ...
b Google jumps into crowded Manhattan delivery space
e Bill Murray Invades Bachelor Party, Surprises and Delights Complete Strangers
b Dish, DirecTV talk merger in response to Comcast-Time Warner deal
e CAUGHT ON CAMERA | Mother bear saves cub from busy highway
t Google de-listing of BBC article 'broke UK and Euro public interest laws' - So  ...
e 'Saturday Night Live' Reveals What Really Went Down With Solange & Jay Z
m Somalia worst country to be a mother: report
b Stock Futures Unmoved as Investors Wait on Vehicles, Factory Data
t Classified Satellite Launched Into Space
t Samsung Keeps Profit Steady As Mobile Sales Decline
e Bill Murray's bucks party marriage advice
t EU regulator clarifies issues around enforcement of standard-essential patent  ...
e Johnny Depp's 'Mortdecai' Set for Early 2015 Release
b Spanish 15-year-olds lack financial literacy proficiency: PISA
e Kendra Wilkinson Breaks Silence After Rumors Husband Left Home (VIDEO)
e So what, exactly, is up with the 'Guardians of the Galaxy' post-credits scene?
e Russell Crowe and Emma Watson Took Dance Lessons Together While Filming  ...
b Amazon launches grocery service for Prime members as profit rises
e The Real Reason Why Robert Kardashian, Jay Z, Beyonce Didn't Attend Kimye  ...
b SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz LLP Investigates Claims That the Merger  ...
t OKCupid experiments with 'bad' dating matches
e Jennifer Lawrence ignores boyfriend Nicholas Hoult
e 'Captain America' largest April opener with $95M - CBS 3 Springfield - WSHM
b McDonald's profit slips as sales remain weak; April 'modestly positive'
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4, 10.5 Hands-On Review: Samsung Gets It Right With  ...
b Dow, S&P 500 Lower On The Week
b First Edition: March 27, 2014
t Depiction of Bigfoot (File photo)
b Impact of flattening yield curve of US bonds (Column: Currency Corner)
t EMC Rolls Out Breakthrough Hybrid Cloud Innovations at EMC World 2014
b S&P 500 at record high
e Dancing with the Stars Returns but Who Land(o) at the Top?
t BBC staff ordered to stop giving equal air time to climate deniers
t Android owners spend less on apps than Apple users do
e 'Divergent' Premiere Photos: Shailene Woodley, Kate Winslet, Ellie Goulding  ...
e Amazon Orders Dramas 'Bosch,' 'The After,' Four More to Series
e Lindsay Lohan's alleged list of 36 famous sex partners exposes more celeb  ...
t Watch us play Titanfall for Xbox One (poorly) right here! (update: and it's over!)
b U.S. oil futures hold above $100 a barrel on China trade data
t Facebook share price: Company updates messenger to challenge Snapchat
e Family and friends say farewell to Peaches Geldof
t Ancient Tomb Unearthed In Egypt Had Its Own Pyramid, Archaeologists Say
e “Game of Thrones” Director Opens up About Controversial Sex Scene
e Crucifixion: A New Way to Think About Jesus' Death
m Drought Making Bay Area Spring Extra Tough For Allergy Sufferers
e 'Game of Thrones' George R.R. Martin releases new 'Winds of Winter' chapter
b Japan raises sales tax, balancing debt, growth as 'Abenomics' recovery falters
m Protect your skin from UV exposure
b Passenger Planes in the Crosshairs
e Weird Al's New Video Teaches Grammar Using Robin Thicke's 'Blurred Lines'
t Largest ever dinosaur species unearthed
b Russia Could Begin Gas Deliveries to China in 4-6 Years – Russian Energy  ...
e Trending today: 'Brady Bunch' star dies; Dad stuck after child draws on passport
b UK lawmakers summon Pfizer and AstraZeneca over takeover deal
e Jay Z and Beyoncé Hire Army of 500 For 'On the Run' Tour Protection
b Sliding phone sales keep Nokia in Q1 loss
e 'True Detective' Season 2 Heading To California With Three New Leads
t Parrot's new Bebop drone takes flight with HD video
b Internet Users in Turkey Hit by Twitter Ban
b GM Ignition Switch Recall: Is Problem More Widespread Than Thought?
e Andi Dorfman & Josh Murray Hung Out at Club Together Before 'The Bachelorette'
e Members of Japanese band AKB48 attacked by man with saw on stage
b Virgin, JetBlue Top Airline Rankings
m Autism Begins During Pregnancy: Child's Brain Development Impacted
b MASSIVE ENERGY DEAL
t Matt's World Of Weather: Meteor Shower TONIGHT!
e Dancing with the Stars Winners 2014, Tonight Results: Season 18 Finale Meryl  ...
e The Sopranos creator David Chase denies 'Tony Soprano did not die' quote
b American Apparel boots CEO
b American Apparel founder Dov Charney raises his stake
b Congress Honors Dr. Norman Borlaug's Legacy on National Agriculture Day
t Bill Would Create FCC Ban On Internet 'Fast Lane' Deals
b Gul at odds with Erdogan over Twitter ban
t After 125 years, ship rediscovered at bottom of San Francisco Bay
t Steam has OpenSSL security vulnerability. Do not use until fixed.
t US demands Hotmail overseas data
b GM offers $500 discount, free loaners to owners of recalled cars
m Dove's Latest Video Ad Misses the Mark
e See Which Sites Censored Rihanna's CFDA Nipples With The Black Bar Treatment
m Legal Concerns Raised Over Making Medicaid Recipients Work In Missouri
e Gaga rocks Roseland Ballroom in brief birthday show
e Paul McCartney Expected to Make Full Recovery After Health Scare
m Reduce wrinkles with exercise, study suggests
e The final Divergent film will be split in two. Groan!
b Pfizer and AstraZeneca to give evidence at select committee
t General Motors' latest recall: the key questions answered
b India Morning Call-Global Markets
e RIP: Archie dies this July in 'Life of Archie' series
e 'Brick Mansions' Star RZA on Action, Acting and His Many On-Screen Faces
e Kiefer Sutherland: 'If 24 had not been a success in the UK, it may not have  ...
e Bryan Singer Accuser's Lawyer Was Suspended for 'Conduct Involving  ...
e T.I. Makes Video To Show He's Fine After His Mayweather Title Fight At  ...
b Toyota tops VW in first half on SUV demand
b Candy Crush King plans IPO valuing it at $7.6 BEEELLION
m New 'Bionic Pancreas' Device Offers Hope in Controlling Type 1 Diabetes
t EBay tells its users to change their passwords after hack attack
e 'Star Wars' director JJ Abrams reveals new creature, offers chance to win movie  ...
m Mom gives birth to rare 'mono-mono' identical twins
e Bowe Bergdahl movie in the works?
e 'Bachelorette' Star Nick Viall Crazy? Awkward Breakup Moment With Andi  ...
b Portland Teenager, Dallas Swonger, Denies Urinating In Reservoir
m MAJOR OUTBREAK: Ebola outbreak continues to devastate West Africa
t Apple v. Samsung: a 'holy war' for $2 billion
e Michael Chiklis to Join 'American Horror Story: Freak Show' (Breaking)
e Weekend Movie Preview: March 21, 2014
t Polar ice sheet doomed: It is 'chain reaction that's unstoppable'
e See Pics From Tonight's 'Bachelorette' Finale — Who Will Andi Dorfman Choose?
t Hubble Zooms-in on Mars-Buzzing Comet Siding Spring
e SiriusXM Fires Anthony Cumia Over 'Racially-Charged' Tweets
t Why koalas hug trees on hot days
t Indian cities, led by Delhi, have the worst air says WHO
e George Clooney Is FURIOUS! The Protective Hubby-To-Be Is Bashing Daily Mail  ...
m Now You Don't Even Need a Yearly Pelvic Exam (Maybe)
e Jay Z recordings at heart of extortion allegations
b Twitter blocked in Turkey hours after PM Tayyip Erdogan vowed to 'eradicate  ...
m Michelle Obama enters lunch fray
e Robin Thicke Streams New Album, 'Paula,' In Full
b Poll: What Should the Redskins' New Name Be?
b New York probes special deals for high-speed traders
b Market Hustle: Futures Muted as Home Depot, Staples Post Mixed Results
m HIV cases rise anew
t Act fast to curb global warming, or extract CO2 from air: UN
e Seth Rogen posts hilarious pic, Sarah Michelle Gellar slams Vogue
e Justin Bieber detained at LAX by US Customs officials
b Apple's new retail chief granted US$68m in restricted stock
e People Are More Excited Over the Beyonce/Jay Z Tour Rumor Than They Were  ...
e Captain America sequel grosses north of 240 million RMB over weekend, is  ...
t BMW M235i Approaches Tesla Score in Consumer Reports Test
t 2015 Corvette Z06 Convertible gives car lovers a spring peek
t Report: Climate change could impact agriculture in the Plains
t COMMENT: GM CEO heads for lions' dens
e Stars paid tribute to Paul Walker and Philip Seymour Hoffman
b Wal-Mart to sell and buy used video games
m 1 dead from flesh-eating bacteria in Sarasota
t Alien organism created in lab turns evolution theory upside down
b Asian shares hit six-and-half-year peak
t Are 2 Potentially Habitable Alien Planets Just Cosmic Illusions?
e See Jamie Dornan As Christian Grey in '50 Shades Of Grey!'
e Jessica Simpson throws wedding guests a 4th of July BBQ to remember
e Movie review: Mann, Diaz funny together but can't save 'The Other Woman'
e Monty Python's last stand
b EURO – Preview – ECB to remain on hold on Thursday?
e Review: Halle Berry returns from space in CBS' 'Extant'
e On the rise again, Disneyland prices have more than doubled since 2003
e Chris Brown's Misdemeanor Assault Trial Delayed
t New Dinosaur Discovered Called "Chicken From Hell" Is Terrifyingly Hilarious!
e 'Nobody Knows' singer Kevin Sharp dies at age 43 from rare bone cancer  ...
e Sharknado 2: Kelly Osbourne's head gets bitten off by shark
b Eurozone Inflation Slows In February
e Ariana Grande and Iggy Azalea On Course To Score First EVER UK Number  ...
e Harris sentence sent to UK attorney-general
b Only major tax reform can cure tax pain
e Pharrell dominates BET Awards thanks to 'Happy'
t Apple and Google agree to dismiss current lawsuits
t Domestic violence costs tech CEO his job; setback for Pozen; Duke's solar  ...
t Google Nexus 5 vs iPhone 5 vs Samsung Galaxy S5: Top 2014 Smartphones
e SPOILER: Game Of Thrones Creator On Controversial Scene
t BlackBerry wins court order banning Ryan Seacrest-backed Typo iPhone  ...
b SAC Capital portfolio manager Michael Steinberg jailed for insider trading
e Nick Cannon explains controversial "whiteface" photo
e Angelina Jolie, Brad Pitt will appear on-screen together once again
e Cannes Review: David Cronenberg's 'Maps To The Stars' With Robert Pattinson  ...
e Bradley Cooper The Next Indiana Jones?
e Eric Idle shrugs off Monty Python criticism
t Why Striking Down Aereo Was The Right Decision
e Paul McCartney Cancels Japanese Tour Dates
e 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' takes Fourth of July
b ECB's Noyer: Low inflation may hamper adjustment
e KISS inducted into Hall of Fame, Depp premieres 'Transcendence'
e Paramount Pictures removes 'Ninja Turtles' image post 9/11 controversy
e Lady Gaga and Tony Bennett team up for new jazz album 'Cheek to Cheek'
e 'Breaking Bad' goes out with a bang with 5 Emmys
m Gilead Sciences Shares Up 4.5% Following Analyst Upgrade (GILD)
e Texas huntress stirs controversy with photos of African kills
t Apple outs entry-level 21.5in iMac for £899
e Rolf Harris found guilty of indecent assault: Entertainer visited hospital with  ...
t Facebook using drones to deliver internet
b Less trouble paying health bills, or just less care?
t Apple: New 12.9-inch iPad in 2015
t Google set to develop smart contact lens
b Wall Street falls in broad weakness, Dow below 17000
b 1st LD: HK chief secretary reports on constitutional development
t Twitter Unleashes New Home Page Design w/ New Update | News
t The White House Calls In Al Roker For An Assist On Climate Change
e Dating rumors for Lea Michele, and more news to note
t Seen@E3: The Joystiq Project Morpheus Luge Experience
e UPDATE 4-Stage, screen actress Ruby Dee dies at 91 -family
t Apple iPhone 6 vs. Apple iPhone 5S: Expect the Unexpected, the Apple  ...
e Justin Bieber's bratty deposition videos go viral
t First Android Wear smartwatches shipping now as war for your wrist winds up
b US economic growth for 4Q revised thanks to consumers
t LG G3 made official with QuadHD display and 2.5 GHz quad-core processor
b The Search Area for Flight 370 Has Shifted 680 Miles Northeast
t Titanfall for PS4: EA apologized for not introducing Titanfall to PlayStation
b 5 Bitcoin Warning Signs In New Federal Investor Alert
e Batman Vs. Superman Hitting UK Cinemas Early
t Nokia to Host Launch Event on 24 June, Tipped to Debut Nokia X2 Android  ...
b 55 Days to Go: 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil
e Did Tony Die? Sopranos Creator Reveals What Really Happened At The End Of  ...
t Apple's iTunes Radio moves in for the kill
e Second 'Jupiter Ascending' Trailer Debuts
e TI 'Attacks' Floyd Mayweather Over Tiny Cheating RUMORS, Twitter Fans  ...
t Facebook Manipulated 700000 News Feeds for Emotion Experiment
b Organize and resist war at home and abroad
t Wireless, cable consolidation altering digital playing field
e No ifs, ands or butts: Kim Kardashian does Vogue
m 3 Colorado cities make nation's thinnest Boulder, Colo., continues to have the  ...
b New CEO for Air Products announced
e Colbert to succeed Letterman, but not in character
t Amazon's Upcoming Smartphone to Host Unique 3D Effects, Rumored Specs  ...
b High-speed traders rip investors off, says Michael Lewis
b Two Planes Almost Collide On Barcelona Runway—Watch Terrifying Video
m Researchers Make Whole See-Through Mice
t AAA: RI gas prices climb another 2 cents
t GM CEO In Testimony On Ignition Issues: “I Am Deeply Sorry”
b AAA says Iraq Conflict triggers rising Gas Prices
t Twitter Falls as Instagram Grows
b CORRECTED-FACTBOX-Penalties imposed on BNP Paribas for US sanctions  ...
m WellCare reports higher profits; predicts Medicaid growth in Florida
b In defence of support for wind and solar
t Amazon Dash Is a Magic Wand That Makes Sure You Never Run Out of Stuff
e Animal Welfare Activists Picket Liam Neeson's NYC Home Over Carriage Horse  ...
e 'Ghost Stories' by Coldplay Hits No. 1 on Billboard 200
t Microsoft Takes It Back, Promises Not To Snoop On Emails
e Debbie Rowe has a change of heart about wedding
b Turkey vs Twitter: Ban trends to defeat purpose
b US economy grows by 4% as Fed cuts stimulus
e Kate Middleton Bare Bottom Row: Rupert Murdoch Paper Defies 'Ridiculous  ...
e HBO Made Thousands Of 'Game Of Thrones' Fans Surrender Their Cell Phones  ...
t Destiny Alpha Gameplay Videos Leaked For PS4
t Dwarf Planet Discovered in Our Solar System, Hints at Larger Planet
e Rob Kardashian Resurfaces with Rare Appearance in Malibu
t Business Wire
e Kaley Cuoco Discusses Short-Lived Henry Cavill Fling & Her Fast Engagement  ...
t GM Employee Pointed Out Chevy Ignition Switch Problem in 2005
e Welcome to the new 10News.com
b Obamacare's Mixed Success at Making Insurance Markets More Competitive
m 5 ways to stop mosquitoes from attacking you this Memorial Day
b Press Release Touting Newer, Hipper Ronald McDonald Is Batshit Crazy
e One Hundred Years of Solitude author died on April 17 aged 87
b 2 more General Motors recalls push company's total to 4.8 million in past month
e Rock veterans PINK FLOYD are to release their first new album in 20 years.
b Too little, too late?
b GM ignition switch issue surfaced in 2001
t Galaxy NotePRO 12.2 for AT&T gets FCC approval
b US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St pulls back from record levels
b World July 07, 20:10
t Is the Samsung Galaxy S5 the best phone money can buy?
t Apple, IBM team up on devices for business
t What would it take to send humans to Mars?
t World Famous Samsung Endorser LeBron James Tweets That His Phone Had A  ...
b stocks open higher after a two-day slump
b International Monetary Fund estimates Russian economy is already in recession  ...
b Job openings fall short, US Postal Service post a giant loss and Netflix (NFLX) to  ...
b Forex - EUR/USD weekly outlook: May 12 - 16
b Maine unemployment drops again to 6.1 percent
b Mortgage Rates Today: Capital One, Quicken Loans Apr 17
e Church briefs
e Rapper Benzino Shot While Attending Mother's Funeral By Nephew
m First mosquitoes test negative for EEE, West Nile virus
e LA mayor's F-bomb blows up worries about bad words - KCTV5
t The US Cities With the Worst Climate Change-Related Flooding
e Kim Kardashian spotted in Paris with baby North West ahead of wedding
b Police: 2 dead after vehicle hit by train
t Dwarf Planet Discovered Beyond Known Boundary of Solar System
e Andi Dorfman Says Memory of Eric Hill's Last Convo is “Almost Unbearable”
t Samsung Should Pay $2B For Infringing, Apple Tells Jury
t Marissa Mayer Says Hiring Henrique De Castro Then Firing Him With A $58  ...
t Pictures: HTC Unveils New Flagship Phone, HTC One M8
b Fed Objects to Capital Plans at Citigroup (C), HSBC, RBS, Santander and Zion  ...
e MTV Video Music Awards 2014 Full List of Winners - Beyoncé Knowles Steals  ...
t NSA is 'setting fire to the future of the internet,' Edward Snowden tells SXSW  ...
e Josh Brolin as Mad Titan Thanos–This Weekend in Guardians of the  ...
t OK Cupid Users Upset After Company Confesses To 'Experimenting' On Them
e Selena Gomez Wore A Sexy Muumuu To Pick Up Her Kids' Global Award, Which  ...
e US college to offer Miley Cyrus class
e Mickey Rooney Dead or Alive? Coroner Confirms Actor's Death to Natural  ...
e TV on Tap: Sean Hayes Joins “The Millers,” IFC Wants More “Spoils” and  ...
b Vermont unemployment rate drops to 3.4 percent
m FEEDING THE KIDS
m Business denies hiring Zimmerman for security
b France to Defend BNP Paribas Against $10bn US Fine Threat
e @ColbertReport Deleted
b Amazon Launches 3D "Fire" Phone
e Report: 'Mrs. Doubtfire' Sequel in the Works
t Microsoft Corporation unveils Office for Apple iPad
e Lea Michele not pregnant
e Pamela Anderson Is Divorcing Rick Salomon – for the Second Time
b What the Shell sell-down means for Woodside
t New GM CEO Mary Barra Apologizes on Capitol Hill
t Amazon.com Unveils 'Fire Phone' Smartphone
b Dov Charney Sneaks Into An American Apparel Store Even Though He's  ...
b Negotiations continue over NY rail labor dispute
e What Went Down on Mad Men Season Six: Your Complete Catchup Before  ...
b Gold Rises to $1296.20 per Ounce
t NC July 4TH holiday traffic highest in more than a decade, gas prices up, traffic  ...
e SXSW: Veronica Mars premiere draws biggest hype
t Apple on verge of buying Beats - report
b US STOCKS-Dow ends at record high; Apple drags on S&P 500, Nasdaq
b BBB releases top 12 tax scams
t XCOM: Enemy Unknown Brings Android Some Tactical Turn Based Combat
e Justin Bieber cleared of attempted robbery charge, egg-throwing case still pending
e Refused Bathroom Trip, Girl Urinates on JetBlue Seat
b Amazon 3D Fire smartphone: 6 things you must know
e MTV VMAs to Feature Ferguson Public Service Announcements
e Gary Oldman slams Hollywood 'political correctness'
e 'Lindsay' Recap: Lohan Attempts Career Comeback With Self-Proclaimed 'New  ...
e Star Wars 7: Harrison Ford, Carrie Fisher and Mark Hamill reunite for new film
e Ariana Grande, Jessie J & Nicki Minaj New Single 'Bang Bang' (VIDEO)
b FedEx, BlackBerry gain; ConAgra falls on warning
e Fire marshal talks fireworks safety
b US House of Representatives committee inquires GM on ignition switch recall
e People: Madonna dismissed from NYC jury duty
b AbbVie woos Shire into $54 billion acquisition deal
b Volt Vs. ELR: the Battle Between 2 GM Plug-Ins
t Apple's iPad business at-a-glance as CEO Tim Cook plots breaking out of  ...
e Lavigne calls ex-husband Whibley, offers support
e Britney Spears Track Without Auto-Tune Leaked [LISTEN]
m Estimated 7 million people died due to air pollution in 2012
e The six craziest things we learned about Channing Tatum
t Feds advise skipping Internet Explorer until Microsoft's fix
t Apple: I've Got the Beats
b Twitter signs $US230m ad deal with Omnicom
t Worse global warming effects ahead for Texas, federal report says
t Feds put 20 species of coral on list of threatened species
b Why Draghi might wait, despite shock eurozone inflation news
t Nokia X software platform 2.0 is based on Android 4.3
e Miley Cyrus cancels Charlotte show at last minute
e Movie previews for April 24, 2014
t Ivy Ross appointed as head of Google Glass: report
t Chinese Researchers Working on Supersonic Submarines
t Amazon discusses their app store ahead of Wednesday's smartphone  ...
b ECB remains 'alert' to low inflation risk - Draghi
b McArdle: Obama's cooking the Census for Obamacare?
m Top Ebola doctor killed by the virus in Sierra Leone
t Western Digital My Cloud EX2 Review: Cloud Storage Simplicity
t Facebook will hear and share your TV shows, movies, songs
b WPS parent company acquired for $9.1 billion
e Local 'Jeopardy' Champ Unseated After 12-Day Run
e Jonah Hill Apologizes for Homophobic Slur on 'Tonight Show' - Today on BDC  ...
e Kim K's Bonnaroo outfit upstages Kanye West: Sheer fabric puts breasts on show
b Lindt & Sprüngli to buy Russell Stover Candies
b New Malaysia plane search area turns up objects
b Puerto Rico power authority weighs financing options as bank deadline nears
e Kanye West buying fast food joint for Kim K
m FDA to Ban E-Cigarette Sales to Minors
e Neil Young on his Pono player at SXSW: 'Once you hear this, you can't go back'
e Jon Hamm Laughs Off Rumors of Secret Affair with Elisabeth Moss
e Easter Sunday draws double the normal church crowd
e 'The Hunger Games: Mockingjay – Part 1′ Teaser Trailer Features Warning  ...
b Nikkei scales six-month high on weaker yen, robust earnings
e Shailene Woodley Admits To Sun Tanning Her Vagina
b South Stream to launch in Austria in late 2016
b Bank of America Corp Halts Dividend Increases; Suspends $4B Buyback  ...
t Graco safety seat recall may affect area families
t Go On Down To South Park And Have Yourself A Time
e Sherlock Officially Returning for Season 4
e Who is designing Kim Kardashian's wedding dress?
b Anti-EU, Far-Right Parties Post Strong Gains in Europe - Update
m Florida to Beachgoers: Beware Flesh-Eating Bug
t Activision places $500 million bet on its next blockbuster franchise
e Liam Neeson's home picketed
t SpaceX supply capsule berths at ISS
e 'American Idol' Ratings Plummet: Have Singing Shows Run Their Course?
b Burger King unveils its Proud Whopper
e Gwyneth Paltrow + Chris Martin's $150 Million Divorce: Who Gets What?
t Facebook wants to free your News Feed from spam
t Fossil found near Charleston International Airport was bird that snatched fish
b IMF boss Lagarde charged in France graft case
b Twitter replaces CFO with former Goldman manager
b Daniel Ben-Ami: The ECB plays a dangerous game
e 'Heaven is for Real' review: Touching story offers understated faith and  ...
m Fist bumps will never replace the handshake - we're just not cool enough
b 2 key senators reach agreement on Fannie-Freddie overhaul; White House  ...
m Health Dept. will hold clinic for Hepatitis A exposure
t Office for Android is coming, but timing of touch-based Windows version still  ...
b Reaction to missing plane saga
b Snapchat in funding talks with Alibaba over US$10bn evaluation
m Report card grades states on fertility treatment
t PS4 Sales at 7 Million Units Worldwide
b MH370 search looks for debris in new area
e 'Big Bang Theory' contract talks delay hit show's filming (+video)
t Big Bang a Big Question for Most Americans: Poll
t Destiny PS4 Will be the System Seller This Year, Says PlayStation Europe  ...
b Obama to nominate former P&G CEO Bob McDonald as veterans secretary
b London open: Iraq conflict dampens stocks, but miners gain
e Bruce Springsteen, REM's Michael Stipe and More Named As Inductors For  ...
e Avril Lavigne shows off her slim figure in plunging leather bodice in new  ...
b ROYAL DUTCH SHELL PLC - First Quarter 2014 Interim Dividend
t A Tampa woman being tailgated Monday whipped out her iPhone and recorded  ...
e Three Dozen People Hospitalized During Avicii Concert In Boston
e Starbucks Corporation (SBUX) news: Starbucks' 2 New Secrets For Growth
b Bonds Gain As Yellen Speaks Before Congress
e Does Ben Affleck's Batman Have The Blues?
e 'Amazing Spider-Man 2' Spoiler Alert: Someone Killed in the End?
e Pharrell Williams Will Coach Season 7 of The Voice
m High Protein Diet Linked to Lower Stroke Risk
b West Texas Intermediate continues downward trend
t Luxottica signs deal with Google Glass
t Meet Jimmy, Intel's 3D printed robot
e Celine Dion responds to viral 'All By Myself' video with an invitation -- VIDEO
t Amazon Tests Dash Barcode Scanner For Ordering AmazonFresh Groceries
t iPhone and iPad Users Held to Ransom by Hacker in Australia
b Obama's EPA legacy play
e Miley Cyrus Brings Awareness to Homeless People at the MTV VMAs
t AccuWeather Facebook App
e Ariana Grande Unwraps 'My Everything' Album Cover Art
m HEALTH ALERT: Surgeon general issues skin cancer warning
e Richard Attenborough: 'I want to be remembered as a storyteller'
e 'Bachelor' Juan Pablo Fake? Tense Finale Moments With Nikki, Clare And Chris  ...
e Real Dave Chappelle describes the hilariously bizarre Twitter fight started by a  ...
e Drew Barrymore Pops Out Baby Girl
e 2nd marriage for singer Simpson
e American Idol 2014 Spoilers: Top 6 Song List Revealed!
e Adam Sandler's latest film, Blended, earns scathing reviews
b Arming the ECB
t Big Bang: Spectacular cosmic discovery hailed
t How laser communication could boost research on the International Space  ...
e Katherine Heigl slams drug store chain with $6 million lawsuit over tweet
t GM Recalls 1.3M More Cars Following Internal Review
t Novel Species of Round-Eared Sengi Discovered
e Richard Attenborough inspired me to become a journalist - I'm glad I got to tell him
e The Bachelorette Recap—Relax, You Competitive Creeps!
e 'I'm Okay With Myself About Everything'
t Recent trends in antitrust and regulatory risk-shifting in M&A agreements
t Fabien Cousteau nears end of underwater living experiment
b Overnight Markets: Wall Street falls on Iraq concerns
b Ukraine crisis worries hits German investor morale
e Charlize Theron towers above Sean Penn at Paris Fashion Week
e Kristen Stewart's Sneaker Collection Now Includes Chanel
t Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Shifting Away from Hardware with 2/3 of Job Cuts  ...
t Texas Tech Cheerleader Receives 'Death Threats' over Big Game Hunts
b Updated | EC forecast lauds robust growth, warns against delays i...
e SmartStream expands Hong Kong office
b 'Sex slave' led to ouster of American Apparel CEO
e Prince makes peace with the Warner Bros. label he battled for 30th anniversary  ...
e 'Tammy' has lots of faces, not enough laughs
e Kiss and Nirvana Inducted into Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
b Japan lifts own blanket arms export ban
e Inside Brittny Gastineau's bloody hotel brawl
e Top 10 twists on the classic grilled cheese
b Why The Netflix Price Hike Is So Different in 2014 vs. 2011
t Honolulu Weekly Gas Price Update and Outlook - May 12, 2014
b Mark Carney – Prepare for a rise in interest rates
t Sony`s PlayStation 4 sales top seven million
e NPH, Bryan Cranston among Tony nominees
t Soyuz Finally Docks with ISS after Two-Day Delay
e 'Heaven' has a lot going for it
b Icahn proposes 20% PayPal IPO
b Malaysia hits back at China: We also lost loved ones
e Michael Jackson's hologram: Would you go and see it on tour?
e 'Neighbors' Poised to Shock 'Amazing Spider-Man 2' at Box Office
m Extreme Obesity Can Cut Lifespan Even More Than Cigarettes, Study Finds
m Judge hearing Wisconsin abortion clinic case
t With 'self-fumigation,' Darwin's finches combat deadly parasitic flies
t SpaceX's CEO expecting to put first Humans on Mars in Next Decade
t Committee backs findings of IPCC climate change report
t HTC One M8 vs. Galaxy S5 vs. iPhone 5S: Specs Showdown
t California Senate Approves Smartphone 'Kill Switch' Law
b Twitter shares sink as users shrink
e Dave Chappelle Kanye West Story Hilarious! Watch Video Of Comedian On  ...
e Stairway to Heaven Lawsuit Demands Jimmy Page's Cassette Tapes
t Google, Viacom Resolve YouTube Copyright Lawsuit
t Android 4.4 KitKat Available For ATT HTC One Mini
m App keeps recovering alcoholics sober
e Idris Elba shares heart-warming picture as he announces the birth of son Winston
b Fannie and Freddie: Too big to wind down
b REUTERS/Rick Wilking
b Chrysler recalls minivans over faulty switches that can overheat
e Movie review: Not enough Godzilla in 'Godzilla'
t Galaxy Note 3 Price Drops to $149 for Sprint Customers
e Watch The Bachelorette Finale Live Online: Streaming Video Of Andi Dorfman's  ...
e Robert Pattinson opens up about Kristen Stewart break-up and her cheating: “S  ...
t What eBay users should be doing to protect themselves after data breach
e Lea Michele photographed with new beau Matthew Paetz
b US consumer prices rose in March, boosted by higher food and rental housing  ...
b Judgement Day: Time to Get Enrolled in Obamacare Ends Today...Sort Of
e Future - I Won Ft. Kanye West
b Etihad Airways puts apartment inside an A380 as part of new luxury travel service
b Target shows signs of turnaround after 16 percent drop in profit
t Health care site flagged in review of encryption
b NZD strengthens against euro
e '50 Shades of Grey' Movie Trailer Released: Where's the Kinky Sex? Clip  ...
e Lorde on Board for 'Mockingjay' Song, Soundtrack
e 20 Facts You Didn't Know About The Great Miss Ruby Dee
b Junta expects next Thai elections in October 2015
b Selected highlights from the Fed minutes
e Beyonce and Solange pictured TOGETHER for the first time since Jay Z attack
b Boeing profit slides on pension costs
b Stocks Mostly Lower Following Disappointing Manufacturing Data - U.S.  ...
e Shia LaBeouf 'Detained' at Broadway Show
e Justin Bieber and Chris Brown reunite in the studio
b Argentine economy minister to meet mediator in debt case
b The Only Sector I See with a Ten-to-One Return Potential
b Oil Theft: Nigeria may Lose Top Spot to Angola- Daily Trust
t Can The HTC One M8 Save The Failing Company
t T-Mobile LG G3 set for July 16 release, Galaxy Tab 4 and Xperia T2 Ultra one  ...
b 'Candy Crush' maker King scores $7.1 billion valuation in IPO
t Earth's largest water reservoir found beneath North America
m Is It Spring Allergies Or a Cold? Here's How to Tell
t GM Says Recalls Will Cost Them $2 Billion In First Half Of 2014
e Kim, Kanye kick off pre-wedding celebrations
t Awesome alignment: Mars, Earth, sun to line up Tuesday
b Can Wal-Mart Take On GameStop?
e Miley Cyrus remains hospitalized, cancelled Bangerz Tour shows make her cry  ...
e 'Transformers 4' Extinguishes Box Office Rivals With Monster Opener
m Bacteria Thrive For Days On Airplanes
t Could Google Glass help people with Parkinson's?
e The morning after: 'Bachelorette' Andi, Josh and Chicago Nick react to that  ...
b Saturday, March 29 2014 10:43 AM
e Jennifer Aniston and the Friends cast have reunited!
m Metro Detroit doctor charged with fraud ranks high on Medicare payment list
b Neighborhood Markets highlight slow Q1 performance at Walmart
e Lea Michele & Boyfriend Matthew Paetz Show PDA During Weekend Getaway!
t Missing iMessage texts lead to lawsuit
e Jennifer Lopez Reveals Too Much In Versace Outfit
e The State of Diane Sawyer's ABC Newscast: Demo Growth, Second Place and a  ...
m 7 million people die from air pollution in 2012
b Anglo Irish Bank trial: Seán FitzPatrick not guilty of illegal share support
b Premarket: World shares hover near record high
e Kevin Smith Says He Visited the Set of Star Wars: Episode VII
e Looking Closer at How to Train Your Dragon 2
e Who else was worthy of 'Late Show' prize?
m Friends are Genetically Similar
b Burger King to take Tims' international under merger deal
e Kate O'Mara, Dynasty star, dead at 74
e 5 hours ago 'X-Men' dominates holiday box office with $91M
b CFPB gives college loan co-signers help kicking free: Plain Dealing
t Amazon to acquire Twitch in a $970 million cash deal
e Brian May confirms new Queen album
e Hayden Panettiere Pregnant, Reportedly Expecting First Baby With Wladimir  ...
t Apple Will Be Streaming the WWDC Keynote Live
m We've 21 facial expressions... don't look so surprised
b ECB inflation could give a hint to future ECB action
e Singer/songwriter Jesse Winchester dies
e Book News: First Superman Comic Soars To $3.2 Million At Auction
e Troian Bellisario Defends Use of Photoshop in 'GQ' Photo Spread
b Update on WWE's TV Deal – A Deal is Almost Complete
t Microsoft hopes Titanfall can boost Xbox One
e George Lucas moves his museum plans to Chicago
t New Beats earphones bring wireless connections to your lugs: Powerbeats2  ...
b Asia EM Express: China PMI Manufacturing at 5-month high in May
m FDA Allows Marketing of Anti-Migraine Device Cefaly
b NHTSA wants GM records, emails, pictures in recall investigation
b Speaking Truth: Why Microsoft's New CEO Made His Debut In San Francisco
b Delta Beats First-Quarter Profit Predictions Despite Bad Winter Weather
b Stock market manages slight gain after choppy day - KTVN Channel 2 - Reno  ...
t Snowden Defends NSA Leaks
e WATCH: Robin Thicke Details Aftermath Of Breakup With Paula Patton
e More than 2500 people flock to New York State Pavilion for a peek inside the  ...
t Apple taunts Samsung with green boasts in newspaper ads
e The Man who Created The Alien has Died
t After initial flop, Google will try again to launch Android TV
b Budget 2014: Treasury unveils new £1 coin for 2017 in bid to beat forgeries
b Investors slap bet on UK rate hikes this year
m Sierra Leone News: Chinese firms continue operations in Africa
b REFILE-Miners rally in favour of separatists in eastern Ukraine
t Is Your Toddler as Smart as a Crow? No
e 'Earth to Echo' review: 'ET' with tech
b Calif. water managers open the floodgates a little | News
b California Legalizes Bitcoin as an Alternative Currency
m Sens. Brown and Murray Introduce Bill to Ensure Doctors Can Continue Treating  ...
b Asia Recap: Aussie still pressured, BoJ non-event
b Vodafone shares are in the red this morning. Here's why
e Amy Adams: Actress Has A First Class Heart
b Lindt agrees to buy Russell Stover in bid for bigger US bite
b Flight MH370: RAAF a 'small cog in this giant effort'
e Beyoncé and Jay Z's summer tour coming to Chicago
b JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon reveals he has throat cancer
e Conan O'Brien Endorses Stephen Colbert For 'Late Show' Host Gig
e Kim and Kanye Confirm Private Tour Of Versailles for Wedding Guests
e Record viewing figures for Game of Thrones as 6.6 million viewers tune in for  ...
t Smithsonian acquires T. rex bones
e $1M for 'Rainbow' promises Seth MacFarlane
e Kim and Kanye's Wedding: All Of Her Family's Best Photos From Paris
e Rolf Harris tributes could be ripped up in home state of Western Australia
b Obamacare hits milestone; deadline looms
t MLB.TV brings live baseball games to Chromecast
m Palbociclib plus letrozole extended PFS in metastatic breast cancer
m Spinal Cord Stimulator Moves Limbs That Were Paralyzed for Years
t iOS 8 lets your iPhone make WiFi calls on T-Mobile
e Cinco de Mayo Celebrations Already Underway
m EVERYDAY CHEAPSKATE
t Obama launches plan to save honey bees
m BioCryst Pharmaceuticals (BCRX) Hereditary Angioedema Trial Positive Results  ...
e Solange attacks Jay Z in an elevator as Beyonce adjusts her dress (VIDEO)
t Microsoft pushes back Windows 8.1 Update deadline by another month
t PS4 sales cruise past the 7 million mark world wide
e Justin Bieber Will Be Charged With Criminal Vandalism Today
m PetSmart yanks Chinese jerky treats
b 6 Companies That Could Acquire AMC Networks
m Listeria woes behind 7-ton hummus recall
e Scout Willis Walks NYC Streets Topless to Protest Instagram Nudity Policy
m OMSignal opens pre-orders for activity tracking clothing line
e Kim Kardashian Checks Out $21 Million Penthouse in NYC with Kris and  ...
e 'Dreadful' new series puts Hartnett back in spotlight
b Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl (VRX) Releases Quarterly Earnings, Meets  ...
t Google Glass partners with maker of Ray-Ban, Oakley for more stylish headwear
e Khloe Kardashian Celebrates Birthday With French Montana Amid Rumours Of  ...
m Autism may develop in the womb, new study says
m Too much sitting is linked to colon, endometrial cancers
t Is Samsung Trying to Puff up Sales of the Galaxy S5 to Influence the Jury in the  ...
t NASA's 'flying saucer' tests new Mars-landing technology
t NASA Reveals 1st Global Selfie (Photo)
e All Across Thailand, Tourists Ask 'What Coup?'
t Montana Health Department Targeted By Hackers, 1.3 Million Records Exposed
e VIDEO Miley Cyrus gives unusual anti-cigarette speech at London concert
t WWE Network subscriber count still drastically low
t It knew about and USED Heartbleed encryption flaw so NSA denies
e Kim Kardashian Gave Kanye West a Customized My Monopoly Game For His  ...
b Session Recap: Never enough for hungry investors; EUR/USD below 1.3750
m False-Positive Mammograms Don't Deter Women From Future Screening: Study
m Shatter Stigma, Mend Mind campaign continues
e Just Married: Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Tie the Knot in Florency, Italy
b Sony Estimates 17 Million Playstations Sold In 2015
e Caleb Johnson Voice Still Not 100 Percent For American Idol Finale
e 'Fast & Furious 7': CGI May Be Used for Some Paul Walker Scenes (Report)
b Stocks set to chalk up further losses, U.S. banker JPMorgan misses forecasts
e Today's biggest stars slimed at Kids' Choice Awards
e Lady Gaga's walk through life, in celebration of her 28th birthday
e 5 Seconds Of Summer Earn Record Breaking Debut At No.1 On Billboard 200
b EUR/USD: ECB To Consider Policy Tools To Counter Low Inflation Rate At Its  ...
t Review: Google Nexus 7 vs LG G Pad 8.3 – Specifications comparison
b Nelson Peltz Takes Stake In BNY Mellon To Push For Changes
t Rumored Microsoft Layoffs Made Official, Whopping 18000 Employees Will Lose  ...
t Facebook looks to drones, satellites, lasers to deliver Internet access
m Spike in Autism Numbers Might Reflect Rise in Awareness
e Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Induction Ceremony 2014
b Tesla's Elon Musk takes on carbon with solar, battery bets
t Windows Phone Live: Microsoft's plans for enterprise on mobile
b Business heavyweights back climate change costs study
e PHOTO Madonna proudly displays long armpit hair
b Regulators Question Bank Of England Chief Over Forex Scandal
t GoPro Fetch Camera Harness Lets You See From Pooch's Point Of View
b Tokyo shares end 1.69% lower
b Supreme Court rebukes EPA, but mainly leaves intact program to deal with  ...
e Kim Kardashian's 'dream' Vogue cover spoofed by Seth Rogen, James Franco  ...
b Wall Street closes with records on the table
b Stocks down on concerns about Iraq
e Trailer offers first look at David Cronenberg's 'Maps to the Stars'
t 97 people charged in worldwide malware infection
e This Video of Total Strangers Kissing For the First Time is Awkward and Adorable
b UCLA Flood Erupts Into Social Media Explosion
t Timing could not be better to launch UN environmental body
b Shire plc: Vyvanse Patents Found to Be Infringed and Valid by U.S. District Court
e Downtown Lynn Transformed To Film "Black Mass" With Johnny Depp
e Piers Morgan closes last show with parting shot at NRA for 'bullying this nation's  ...
t Uber hits back at London critics, says it gives 'consumers more choice and  ...
t Tesla: 'All our patent are belong to you'
b Italian banks help euro zone shares touch 5-1/2 yr peak
e Peaches Geldof: her Telegraph columns
e Michelle Rodriguez & Zac Efron Kissing -- Hot Italian Vacation (PHOTOS)
t Internet Users Warned: Little You Can Do to Thwart 'Heartbleed' Bug
t Five things about OCO-2
t Sony Xperia C3 announced as the first professional selfie smartphone
t Brand new meteor shower may light up Earth`s sky today
t Apple Sues Samsung For $2 Billion Over Patent Infringements
b ASX closes firmly in the black
m Overweight kids are now seen as healthy by their parents
m Greeting one another with a Namaste or Fist Bump will reduce exchange of  ...
b General Electric Company (GE) Vice Chairman On How To Overcome Barriers  ...
t Ask Matt: Can I profit from the $399 Xbox One?
b Sandy's Fallout Affecting Small Business
e AGENTS OF SHIELD Gets New Poster, SPIDER-MAN Movie Release Date Shuffle
t Apple unveils new SDK and Swift programming language
e High On Life: The Divine Boyhood, Reviewed.
t Tesla Motors Given Positive Rating at Robert W. Baird (TSLA)
b Sterling index strong near six-year high, buoyant Vs euro
e Mowat's service recalled
e Ben Affleck crashes Superman party
b Hillshire Brands Goes After Veggies in $6.6 Billion Takeover
t Apple's New Texting Idea Means You'll Never Have to Look Up from Your Phone  ...
b Fitch upgrades Portugal outlook to 'positive'
t LG's G Watch design steps out of the dark
e All My Children actor Matthew Cowles found dead
t Will Apple's 2Q results please investors?
e David Fincher exits Steve Jobs biopic?
e 'Frozen' Passes 'Toy Story 3′ As #1 …
m Oral Viscous Lidocaine Not For Teething Pain, Warns FDA
e Katie Couric marries NY financier in East Hampton wedding
t T-Mobile Adds 1.5M Net Customers, Closing On Sprint's No. 3 Spot
b (WITH VID)CNN Uses Toy Plane To Analyse Missing Malaysia Flight
b Monetary policy not best financial stability tool, says Fed chief Yellen
e The Story Behind '22 Jump Street's' Epic End Credits
t Images: Total Lunar Eclipse
t PS4 1.7 Update Release Date Pulled by Sony
t Major events in GM's recall of 2.6M small cars
t T-Mobile HTC One M8 Release Scheduled For April 11th
b Gilbert: Are you willing to pay $3.87 million for a Tesla?
b Two airline tragedies leave Malaysians asking: 'Why us?'
t Here is the Amazon Fire Phone's Biggest Flaw Presented Perfectly in a Single  ...
t NASA, Boeing finalize deal to build most powerful rocket in history
t Microsoft to boost Windows Phone with Nokia acquisition: Closes the deal this  ...
b BNP said to move compliance operations to US as settlement nears
t Fox News Copies BioShock Infinite Logo, Misses The Satire Entirely
b Dow tops 17000 points
m Sheik Umar Khan, a leading doctor fighting Ebola, dies from the disease
e Rolf Harris trial: Fractured relationship with his only daughter sidelined by his fame
e Andrew Garfield wears dress, wig in 'Arcade Fire' music video 'We Exist' - watch
e 'Grey's Anatomy' season finale: Talk about it!
t Google's Nest Labs buys Dropcam for $555 million
e 'Jupiter Ascending' trailer: Mila Kunis, Channing Tatum raise sci-fi heat
b BNP Paribas Agrees To Pay $8.83 Billion In Sanctions Probe
b Comcast defends Time Warner merger
t Travel back in time with Google Street View
e Ailing Paul McCartney cancels Japan tour
b Family Dollar and Trulia are big market movers
t With pending Beats buy, Apple CEO Tim Cook makes break from managerial  ...
m Saudi replaces health minister as Mers toll rises
m Brewers get win as FDA agrees to back off spent grain regulations
e Brandy & Fiance Ryan Press Call Off Engagement
t Facebook wants to use drones to provide Internet access to remote areas
b Tired of Floundering Chain, Darden Cuts Its Losses with Red Lobster Sale
b Report: US stock market rigged by high-speed electronic traders
e DIVA TALK REVISITED: Tony Winner Elaine Stritch Celebrates Stephen Sondheim
t Galaxy S5 Mini: smaller screen, same fingerprint and heart rate-scanning powers
e Trailer Park - 6/13 Edition: '22 Jump Street' and 'How to Train Your Dragon 2  ...
m Got a desk job? You're at a higher risk of getting cancer, says study
b US jobless claims factory data give economy some
e Liam Hemsworth, Miley Cyrus Breakup News 2014: 'Mockingjay' Actor and  ...
t LG to launch the G3, the last big flagship of the season, on May 27
e North Korea Calls Seth Rogen and James Franco's Assassination Comedy 'Act  ...
b Rupee Sees Biggest Fall In 4-1/2-mth On Iraq Worries
e Movie review: Terrific 'Guardians of the Galaxy' soars on performances of Pratt  ...
e Jessica Simpson, Eric Johnson Wedding: Details On The Big Day, Including  ...
b Oryza Afternoon Recap - Chicago Rough Rice Futures Fail to Break Through  ...
e See the Katherine Heigl Photo That Caused Her to File a $6 Mil Lawsuit
b Hill International Added to the Russell 2000 Index
b Photoshop Mix for iPad hooks cloud processing to tablet
t Were You Part of Facebook's Secret Experiment to Manipulate Users' Emotions?
t Hackers Can Tap USB Devices, Researcher Warns
t Facebook bets $2bn on Oculus winning virtual reality race
e Miley Cyrus hopes to resume tour on Friday
e Here's Hank's Hot Model! Transexual Mistress Linked To Hank Baskett Strips  ...
e 'True Detective' finale draws 3.5 million viewers, thousands of tweets
b FOREX-Battered euro nervous after slumping on dovish Draghi comments
b S.C. Lawmakers look to combat seafood label fraud
e Saturday Night Live Review: “Andrew Garfield/Coldplay”
e Busted! 81 percent of parents steal Easter candy from their kids
e Twice-divorced Bill Murray crashes bachelor party and gives marriage advice  ...
b Goldman on Netflix: Big Rally Still Has Much More Room to Run
b Students should limit borrowing, pay loans off quickly
e SNL Recap: Anna Kendrick Is As Doe-Eyed As Ever, Pharrell Brings Out  ...
t Did Microsoft scrap Surface Mini plans?
t Google partners with Novartis to create smart contact lens
t Samsung Gear Fit now just $99.99, 50% cheaper than before
t Cherry tree blooms early after space trip
t Nintendo's Financial Struggles Continue, Even With Mario Kart 8
t Clearwater Marine Aquarium working to save rescued dolphin calf
e Kylie Jenner wears £22.50 ASOS dungarees
t Using Internet Explorer? Read this
t Windows 9 public preview 'likely' coming this fall
b Report: Apple in talks to buy chipmaker Renesas SP Drivers to improve iPhone  ...
t WHO rates Delhi to be most populated in the world
t Mazda, Honda, Nissan Recall Millions Over Defective Airbags
b Burger King food items we'd like to see go Canadian
e COMIC-BOOK EXPOS CLASH OVER 'COMIC CON' NAME
m HIV turns 30
b Chinese Twitter firm Weibo to go public in US
t Interactive: GENERAL MOTORS-RECALLS
t Nokia to close deal with Microsoft on 25 April
e Stephen Colbert: Your Sponsor-Skewering, Young-Skewing 'Late Show' Host
t Yahoo's government data requests drop 28 percent
b Panasonic Takes Interest in Tesla Gigafactory
b 10 Things to Know for Today
b Portugal's Banco Espirito Santo loses support
e Foo Fighters, Muse lead tributes to Kurt Cobain – watch
t Google signs Glass deal with Oakley, Ray-Ban maker
b US stocks edge higher in afternoon trading amid wave of earnings; GE and  ...
b Colorado makes $2 million in tax in first month of cannabis sales
e Actor Michael Jace pleads not guilty to killing wife
b SolarCity plans world's largest solar panel plant in upstate NY
m Austin Peay State University Breast Cancer 5k Supports Relay For Life
e Casey Kasem remembered as an island of calm in swirl of pop music
m New York mom fumes after daughter brings home letter calling her
b New Mexico says more than 500 containers of nuke waste packed with kitty litter  ...
e Grease to be live musical on Fox TV
e Miley Cyrus Has Postponed The Rest Of Her US Tour
t Twitter Inc Experiments By Replacing Retweet With 'Share' [REPORT]
e 'Bachelorette' contestant Eric Hill in coma after paragliding accident
b PHH Mortgage Mortgage Interest Rates Up Thursday Mar 20
b Iraq Impacting Oil Prices
b Toyota to Move 1000 Employees Out of KY
e One Direction's Louis Tomlinson and Zayn Malik have been filmed smoking a  ...
t Google Maps debuts Pokémon Challenge in honor of April Fool's Day
t Rare Sight: Mars, Earth and Sun Will Align Next Week
b Monterey County gets 'worst' drought rating
e Movie review: Boseman's performance will make anyone 'Get On Up'
b Are You For Yahoo? (YHOO)
e 'Scandal' Season 3 Finale Predictions
b The Third-Largest Bank Isn't Adequately Prepared For A Crisis
b Bottom Line: A far-from mobile company has to pay whatever the locals want
m Codeine can endanger the life of kids, so why do doctors still prescribe it?
t HTC M8 Mini Could Be Known As “One Mini 2″ [Rumor]
b Plane loses wing mid-flight, exposing gears and wiring
e Miley Cyrus to remain in hospital, another show axed
b Yellen Versus the Inflation Hawks
t NASA launches 'flying saucer' in Hawaii to test Mars landing tech
t Xperia Z2 available online to U.S. customers this summer, says Sony
t Galaxy S5 Available for Pre-order Through U.S. Cellular Beginning March 21
b Bitcoin will be treated as property by the IRS
t Microsoft exec: Messaging 'confused' after Xbox One reveal, E3 unveiling
m St. Joseph supports alternative ALS research in ice bucket challenge
e Coachella Festival Concertgoer Dies Days After Collapsing
m Michael Schumacher's files stolen from hospital and offered for sale to the media
m First lady: School meal rules working
e ABC enters mad fury of renewal and pick-up notices
m Walkathon for mental health awareness in Springfield
b Gov't increasing water allocation in drought-afflicted California
t HTC One M8 vs Nexus 5: Premium specs and premium software
e Justin Bieber to Strike Plea Deal in DUI Case
b Deutsche Bank posts first-quarter slump in net profit
t Teradata Launches QueryGrid Big Data Platform
t OkCupid shuts out Firefox users over Mozilla's new CEO
e UPDATE 3-Amid boycott of Beverly Hills haunt, city confronts Brunei over sharia  ...
e 5 Things We Know About Hilary Duff's Comeback | Snacktime
m New guideline says most healthy women can skip pelvic exam
t Updated MacBook Air: Works Better, Costs Less
b China sneaker factory strike snowballs as tens of thousands of workers walk out  ...
e Who Got Voted Off The Voice 2014 Season 6 Tonight? Top 10
t Google Chromecast UK Launch Looms as Wider International Release is Touted
b April New Single-Family House Sales Increase 6 Percent
e CRITICS CHOICE TELEVISION AWARDS: THE NOMINEES ARE ANNOUNCED!
b House Republicans to Unveil Obamacare Alternative
t Instant karma undoes road rage driver
b Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba files to go public in US
b Michael Lewis To 60 Minutes: Stock Market Is “Rigged”
b IMF World Economic Outlook forecasts global growth at 3.6% in 2014, 3.9% in  ...
t Gas prices surge as refineries conduct spring maintenance
e 'True Detective' Finale: 5 Moments We Didn't See Coming
e Watch: Lily Allen's anti-blogger video for "URL Badman"
b Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba aims for a $1B IPO
m Fee, fie, foe, friend: Smell the blood of a kindred spirit?
e Doctor Who: Watch new series 8 trailer - Chilling ''I see into your soul'' suggests  ...
b How To Profit As Europe Fires Up The Printing Presses [ProShares UltraShort  ...
t FLASHBACK: The Eagle landed 45 years ago
e 3 New 'Maleficent' Images Arrive
e Reality Steve Bachelorette Spoilers 2014: Who Does Andi Choose In The End?
e Happy Feet! Chris Hemsworth and Elsa Pataky Show Off Twins Tristan and Sasha
b Turkey ban: will protest move from tweets to the streets?
t Google buys Songza - confirmed
e First Batch Of HBO Content Hits Amazon Prime Instant Video, Includes The  ...
t Microsoft's hopes "Titanfall" shows off Xbox One's technology
e Game of Thrones Season 4 Finale: Changes from Book to Screen Disappoint Fans
m Kaiser pharmacists could strike Monday
b BofA agrees to pay $9.3bn to settle bond claims
b McDonald's workers protest wages at annual meeting
t LG G Pro 2 Priced Cheaper Than Galaxy S5 In Taiwan
t “Oh Dear … Was That an Error?” — CNBC Host Outs Apple's Tim Cook on Air
t Telcos trump pay-TV in US satisfaction index
t “OK, Google. Set the Temperature” is Coming Soon to Nest, Other Services too  ...
b Michael's Data Breach More Wide Ranging Than Initially Thought
e Jay Z and Beyonce tour happening this summer: report
b Calif. farmers, cities to get more relief
e Rolf Harris waxes lyrical about wobble-board and BBC audition during sex  ...
e CANNES WATCH: Depardieu reads poem at preview of Hayek's 'The Prophet  ...
b Crude oil futures - weekly outlook: July 7 - 11
t Instagram Is Already Bigger Than Twitter On Smartphones
b Barclays falls into a dark pool
t Android Central 189: Tabs, keyboards and redesigns — oh, my!
b OECD: Growth in advanced economies gains momentum - Live5News.com  ...
e Alone in an Airport! What would you do? Make a music video!
e Geldof 'beyond pain' over Peaches' death
b The Infrastructural Mystery at the End of Michael Lewis's Flash Boys
e Shia LaBeouf Spirals: Arrested After New York Theatre Incident
t Rare 'Blood Moon' Lunar Eclipse to Return in October
e George Clooney & Vegas Hotel Magnate Steve Wynn Get In Heated Argument  ...
b San Francisco Banning App That Lets People Sell Parking Spots
e Ron Howard to Direct Documentary About the Beatles Touring Years: Awesome  ...
e Top 10 Things We Learned During The “Muppets Most Wanted” Press Day
b UPDATE 1-Yellen prepares Wall St for more wholesale funding rules from Fed
m Four Community Health Centers To Share $921000 In Federal Funds
b GM sales rise 1 percent despite safety recalls
b Dollar Falls against the Euro on Weak US Business Activity Report
b Democrats highlight equal pay in political push
e OMG: Lindsay Lohan has just revealed the truth behind THAT sex list
t A simple Samsung: New Galaxy S5 drops gimmicks for features people really want
t Some NZ centres may have to be abadoned - climate scientist
e Man v Food host Adam Richman's show postponed after encouraging woman to  ...
t Find My iPhone used by hackers demanding money from iOS users
t Yandex buying car website Auto.Ru for $175 million in cash
b Ukraine-Crimea infrastructure links hard to replace - analyst
b S&P 500 Tops 2000 as Dollar, European Bonds Rise on ECB
e TV Review: 'Sharknado 2! The Second One'
e Sideshow: Beyonce and Jay Z tour in Philadelphia July 5
e Ice bucket challenge draws mixed reactions
t AT&T for DirecTV: Bulls Cheer Video Boost; Nomura Questions the Strategy
e Pink Floyd to Release First Album in Decades
e Vin Diesel honors Paul Walker at MTV Movie Awards [VIDEO]
e Mark Wahlberg Gets Slimed at Nickelodeon's Kids' Choice Awards
b US New Home Sales Fall to a Five-Month Low in February
e Mick Jagger's high-profile relationships
e Does Johnny Depp need to start changing up his film choices?
b Crude Oil Falls: Libya Strikes a Deal With the Rebels to Re-Open Oil Ports
m Breast cancer drug that prolongs women's lives in Portsmouth 'is too expensive'
t FCC to Probe Web-Traffic Disputes Among Netflix, Comcast
t Apple releases iOS 7.1
b Consumer Prices Barely Rise in March
b Genentech will pay up to $1.7 billion for rare acquisition
e Tambuwal, Amosun, Wada, Ajimobi, Fayemi, Yero, others' Easter messages
e 'Game of Thrones' star spills on season 4 finale
e Nicole Kidman And Keith Urban Sing At Children's Hospital (VIDEO)
e Film Review: Chadwick Boseman channels James Brown's kinetic charisma in  ...
m Older Women May Have Higher Cervical Cancer Risk Than Previously Thought
t John Oliver's Net Neutrality Plea Crashes FCC Website
t Google Introduces Android Auto – A Platform That Makes Cars Smart
e Tyler, the Creator arrested for 'inciting a riot' at a SXSW show
e Rolling Stones leave Aust but will return
b U.S. Stocks Drop as Tech Rout Worsens; Treasuries Slide
b Microsoft Corporation: Microsoft cloud momentum helps drive third-quarter results
t Nexus 6 Cancelation Rumors Shot Down As Q4 Release Date Tipped For G3  ...
t GM issues yet another round of recalls
e Diane Sawyer will be replaced by David Muir at ABC's 'World News'
b Tokyo stocks rebound on higher US equities
b MARKET SNAPSHOT: US Stocks: S&P To Stick Above 2000
t Oculus Rift Sales Suspended In China After Extreme Reselling
b How Turkey still tweets despite Twitter ban
t Gmail Encrypts All Emails to Block Out NSA
m Could cannabis curb seizures? Experts weed through the evidence
t Eta Aquarid Meteor Shower Live Stream: When And Where To Catch The  ...
e Weather Channel back on DirecTV after three-month drought
e WATCH: Stephen Colbert Chats with Letterman, Reads His Own Top 10 List
e Coachella: Pharrell Williams Rules With Hits, the Hat and Huge Guest Stars  ...
e Orlando Bloom Talks Life Post-Split From Miranda Kerr
b Wednesday's Rates for Home Mortgages at Chase, BB&T Mar 19
e Jennifer Lawrence: "Nobody Can Stay Beloved Forever"
b Dimon vows to continue leading JP Morgan Chase while fighting cancer
e The 17 Best Twitter Reactions To Allison Williams Playing Peter Pan
e Shailene Woodley Reveals the Nature of Her Relationship With 'Fault' Co-Star
e Skittish Singer Miley Cyrus Gives New Puppy Away, Citing Death Of Alaskan  ...
m Death toll from West Africa Ebola outbreak jumps to 603 -WHO
e 24: LIVE ANOTHER DAY: KIEFER SUTHERLAND INTERVIEWED
m Chikungunya Cases Reported in More US States
m Brain zaps trigger lucid dreams!
e Nia Vardalos pens sequel to My Big Fat Greek Wedding
b Allergan says it 'will carefully review' Valeant offer
b One casualty of the Target data breach: CEO
t Like It or Not, Virtual Reality Is Big Business Now
e 'Dawn Of The Planet Of The Apes' Posters, Clips, And Prequel Videos
e People in the news
b Nuclear Fallout From China's Alleged Espionage
b UPDATE 5-Oil drops on signs of rising supply; Brent below $111
t Apple reports better than expected revenue for Q2
e Comcast users to get Netflix shows sans subscription
e Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield Block Paparazzi Shots With Signs Advertising  ...
t Calm down: FCC's position on Net neutrality hasn't changed
e Pandora Radio to be sued by major record labels
b Fiat 500L Recalled Over Faulty Knee Airbags
t Edward Snowden Speaks at South by Southwest, Says NSA "Set Fire" to the  ...
t GM adds 218000 Aveo cars to recall list for risk of overheating and fire
b Seán FitzPatrick: Ambitious, charismatic and controversial
b Major FGIC Bondholder Applauds Unique Global $950 Million Settlement With  ...
t What To Expect At Google I/O 2014: Android Wear, Android Everywhere
t With the HTC One M8, HTC really has taken the best Android phone and made it  ...
t First full lunar eclipse of 2014 delights Americas
t Texas cheerleader who shared images of exotic animals she had killed 'has  ...
m Malayaia Airlines Crash: Several Passengers Were World-Renowned AIDS  ...
e Let Vin Diesel Teach You How to Say 'I Am Groot' in So Many Languages
m Is Wikipedia Dangerous To Your Health? Study Finds 9 Out Of 10 Health Entries  ...
b US Federal Reserve to meet with eyes on policy forecasts
b McDonald's first quarter 2014 financial results weak on several fronts (Video)
t Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 now available from US Cellular, 4G LTE in tow
b EPA Issues Proposed Carbon Emissions Rules
t Internet companies sign onto letter to FCC in support of free and open web
t HP steps up in cloud with US $ 1 billion investment
e Terry Crews to host 'Wants to Be a Millionaire'
e Billy Crystal remembers Robin Williams at Emmys
m Sales of Johnson s New Hepatitis Drug Soars
b Rate hike sooner if jobs recovery holds
m Patients urge Governor Patrick to let marijuana dispensaries open
e 'Game of Thrones' Season 4 Episode 3 Stream Online And Sneak Peek
e Kanye West has revealed he first proposed to Kim Kardashian seven years ago
t Twitter Tweetdeck hack was a storm in a twee cup
b Coke to remove flame retardant from drinks
b Chinese relatives of MH370 passengers slam Malaysian Airlines
t Workers report increased productivity after Google chat services suffer outage
m Sexting by tweens linked to real-life sexual activity
t Amazon's new Fire Phone comes courtesy of secretive Lab126, with offices in  ...
t Apollo 11 blasted off 45 years ago today
t SpaceX Launch Is A Success, Dragon Spacecraft To Reach International Space  ...
e J.K. Rowling Brings Her Magic To TV, HBO And BBC To Produce 'The Casual  ...
m Ebola spreads to Democratic Republic of Congo
t Nokia X2 Updated Android Smartphone Unveiled
b Dollar Perks Up but Investors Eyeing Fed, Iraq
b U.S. Leading Economic Index Rises 0.8% In March, Slightly More Than Expected
b GM adds cars to ignition switch recall
t Climate change impacting the entire planet – UN report
t Ray-Ban, Oakley will frame Google Glass
t Debut summer "supermoon"
t Facebook is now tracking your friends in the real world — for your benefit, of  ...
b Zebra Technologies Sees Q1 Results Above View - Quick Facts
b Aid agencies see looming crisis in western Myanmar
e The Way Of The Future? Johnny Depp & 'Transcendence' In China Primetime  ...
t Windows 8 banned by Chinese government
b Fed raises valuation worries. Is market sentiment shaky?
b Eye-Opening Research Behind Billboard Sector's Growth
b Missed health care signup? You're probably out of luck until enrollment restarts  ...
e The Mighty Mickey Rooney Dead at 93
b Emirates airline 2013 profit rises 43 per cent
t Legendary Bigfoot or ancient bear? 'Yeti hair' samples match DNA from polar  ...
b Target Hits Bull's-Eye With Moms and Tells Gun Activists to Take Aim  ...
b Erste Predict Record Loss as Romania Adds to Hungary Woes
b Confidence among US homebuilders declines amid weak demand, but sales  ...
t Montana data breach exposed 1.3 million records
b Candy Crush Is Coming To China
e Robert De Niro talks about gay father
e The real winner of 'The Bachelorette' is Reality Steve
e Ali Fazal to join 'Fast & Furious 7' in Abu Dhabi
b HOME PRICES: Case-Shiller reports home price gains in March
t Microsoft prepares for biggest round of job cuts post Nokia acquisition
e 14-Year-Old's Stupid Terrorist Hoax to Airline Is a Teachable Moment. Nothing  ...
t Braves P Medlen leaves start with strained forearm
m Snack might help avoid fight with spouse
b ABERCROMBIE & FITCH CO. REPORTS DECLARATION OF QUARTERLY  ...
b Recap: Live blog and video of Janet Yellen's speech and Q&A
t We must not wait to experience climate change to act, scientists warn
e Fox News hires 'Clueless' star Dash as commentator
e Check Out The Batkid Begins Official Trailer! This Kid Really Is A Hero!
e Pregnant Christina Aguilera poses nude for V Magazine
b Burger King adds gay pride Whopper to menu
e In pictures: the day Peaches Geldof visited Bolton
e Amal Alamuddin Engagement Ring Designed By George Clooney!
e Record stores: the `soul' of music
e Khloe Kardashian wears bridal white dress for PDAs with boyfriend French  ...
e 16 Crucial Things JK Rowling Reveals in New Harry Potter Story
t Apple cuts specs to offer £899 entry-level iMac
t 'Zionist' Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg asked to appear in Iranian court
t HTC One M8 reviews praise hardware, superb design, but unimpressed by Duo  ...
t US and UK governments urge citizens to boycott bugged Internet Explorer browser
b Maccas may be liable for labour practices
m Fruits And Veggies Can Significantly Reduce Stroke Risk
e Live Grease Production Coming to FOX in 2015
b Pfizer presses scientific merits of AstraZeneca deal
m Study: Handshakes spread more bacteria than fist bumps
e JK Rowling's The Casual Vacancy heading to HBO
b New objects seen, but still no evidence of Malaysian jetliner
e Lindsay Lohan: I recently had a miscarriage
m UN expert urges global regulatory regime to battle artery-clogging junk foods
e Paul McCartney Cancels Japanese Tour Due to Doctor's Orders
e Eurovision 2014 results: 10 song contest qualifiers from second semi-final
e Fury Poster Marches Online
b BoE stays on hold
t Russian cyber crime kingpin sought after wordwide server raids
b BlackBerry Furious Over Leaked OS 10.3 Secrets
b King Q1 shows increased profits, users and RPU
e Robert Pattinson on Kristen Stewart kiss scandal: 'Who gives as**t?'
e Brody Jenner Not Attending Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's Wedding — Report
t Motorola Mobility escapes EU fine in patent case
b S&P 500 index closes above 1900 for first time
e Eminem and Rihanna to perform duet together at the MTV Movie Awards 2014
e Nicki Minaj explains MTV VMA wardrobe malfunction
e KISS Rock American Idol With Winner Caleb Johnson
e Johnny Depp busted by police in electric sports car
b Bond default
m Gene therapy could replace pacemaker implants
m New York hospital may have exposed patients to HIV and hepatitis from reused  ...
b General Motors replacement part costs released
e Vin Diesel has paid tribute again to his late Fast & Furious co-star Paul Walker.
e Walking Dead season finale vows to 'shock'
b As job market strengthens, many not feeling it
e wedding save-the-date video
b Lime prices in US higher than in EU
m Today's Heroin Abusers Often Middle-Class Suburbanites: Study
b Barnes & Noble Agrees to Spin Off Nook Unit as Sales Decline (4)
e Rapper Benzino Shot At His Mother's Funeral, Nephew Arrested
e VIDEO: Take a Look at Beyoncé's New Video Plus the Rest of the Time 100
m Rabid Conspiracy Theorist Jenny McCarthy Desperately Spins: 'I'm Not Anti  ...
e Gold Derby Emmy MVP: Sandra Oh says goodbye to 'Grey's Anatomy,' hello to  ...
m Alcohol consumption on rise
m Other experts say it helps and should continue to be used
b Argentina Default Didn't Have to Be This Way
b Malaysian jet search expands from Australia to Kazakhstan
m West African countries announce new measures to stop Ebola spread
t Odds are on for which tech giant will actually use drones first
t Iran to ban WhatsApp — because Zuckerberg is Jewish
t Informed consent - two words you definitely need to know
b Disney to pay at least $500 million for YouTube video maker
m CDC says man who met with US MERS patient was not infected after all
e Sh*t Got Really Weird At This Wedding, Thanks To Tom Hanks
e Paul Walker's brothers to fill in for late actor in Fast 7
m Ryan Lewis' Mother Living With HIV: Musician Reveals Issue Hits Close to Home  ...
e Gwen Stefani joining `The Voice` season seven
t Watch out, Amazon Fire: Google's Android TV plans look just as formidable as  ...
m Saudi Arabia seeks outside help to combat deadly MERS outbreak
t Text-To-911 Goes Live, But Not Everyone Gets Message
t Facebook Will Soon Detect What You're Watching and Listening To
b At the UN General Assembly, the US beats Russia, 100-69, on Crimea
m Oz scolded at hearing on weight loss scams
t Oculus VR Sued by ZeniMax for Misappropriated Trade Secrets
t MICROSOFT/WINDOWS Microsoft Office for Android Tablets Expected this Year
t Facebook criticised for tracking browsing
b This Russian Billionaire's Divorce Could Be the Priciest in History
m UNHCR: Syria Refugees Denied Cancer Treatment
e 'True Blood' Finale Liveblog: Bon Voyage, Bon Temps!
m The Teen Pregnancy Rate Has Dropped 50 Percent in Two Decades
m Q+A: India at risk until polio is eradicated globally-Rotary
e Lady Gaga Celebrates Making It Past 27-Years-Old With A Very Interesting Outfit
e Movie Review: The Amazing Spider-Man 2
t Google Glass Gets Down To Business
b Hillshire to talk with Tyson, Pilgrim's Pride
t PS4 Gets A Virtual Reality Headset
e Garth Brooks Irish concerts: Injunction proceeding lodged in Dublin's High Court
e True Blood Season 7 Teaser Hits Facebook [Video, SPOILERS]
t Journal Times editorial: Net neutrality is worth fighting to preserve
b Looking for a Tax Refund? So are Identity Thieves
b Vietnam PM calls for end to anti-China protests
e VIDEO: Double Amputee Amy Purdy Dazzles on Dancing with the Stars
t Pluto's moon Charon may once have had warm oceans
b Quiznos sandwich chain files for bankruptcy protection
m Health officials: Reducing risk best tactic against West Nile Virus
m Lee's health may affect Samsung
b QE Hints, Or Lack Thereof, Key To Thursday's ECB Statement
e Andi Dorfman: I was ready to move past Juan Pablo Galavis and 'The Bachelor  ...
b China should build ties with Russia over Japan
t Icelandic volcano starts erupting; alert level raised
t Mayor Johnson convenes US Conference of Mayors in Dallas
t iPhone 6 Release Date: Samsung Galaxy S5 Will Benefit from Apple  ...
e Eminem apologizes to mom on Mother's Day with release of "Headlights" video  ...
b Gasoline prices in Arizona at $3.57 per gallon
b Sect. Kathleen Sebelius: Texas opposition hasn't helped health care sign-ups
b NATO: No Evidence Of Russian Troop Withdrawal From Ukraine Border
b Should you fly Malaysia Airlines?
e 'Duck Dynasty' Star: 'They Railed Against Me For Giving Them The Truth About  ...
e Chuck D Responds To Kiss Front Man Gene Simmons
m SA on high alert as Ebola spreads
b Senators Propose Raising Federal Motor Fuels Tax to Boost Trust Fund
e Allison Janney Is First Actor to Win Double Emmys in 12 Years (Video)
b Don't pressure us, says Draghi as ECB poised for June boost
e Area Easter services listed
t PS4 ekes out narrow lead over Xbox One
b Modi Wave' Boosts India's Services Activity -- HSBC
e Is Mick Jagger Fighting with L'Wren Scott's Family Over Her Final Resting Place?
e Ellen DeGeneres Set To Creat Own Lifestyle Brand
e Strahan set to join 'Good Morning America'
b So who blinked, Icahn or eBay? CEO's take on truce
t Tallahassee Weekly Gas Price Update and Outlook: 5-19-14
t Availability of Samsung Galaxy S5 with 32 GB Storage Still Unknown in US
t Samsung reportedly has a call-making, standalone smartwatch simmering
t Dropbox Announces That Mailbox Is Coming To OS X
e Photos: L'Wren Scott leaves $9 million estate to Mick Jagger
b Italian teens can't handle money: report
b EPA to propose limits on Alaska's Pebble Mine project
b Forex Market: EUR/NZD daily forecast
b Supreme Court Limits EPA's Authority
e Pharrell, Muse and Lorde reign over Coachella night two
b Why Zebra Technologies (ZBRA) Stock Is Higher This Morning
e Ex- judge Joe Brown arrested for `contempt of court`
m Survey: More US homes go landline-free
e Kim Kardashian Takes Tuxedo Dressing To A Whole New Level
m Tequila Plant - A Sweetener For Diabetics?
b Silver Sinks to $19.56 per Ounce After Yellen Comments
e Cause of Death for GWAR's Dave Brockie Revealed
e Jamie Dornan in talks for new movie role
e Katherine Heigl 'stopped challenging' herself
e Taylor Swift - Taylor Swift's restraining order extended
e Zendaya "No Longer Involved" in Lifetime Aaliyah Biopic. Project Put On Hold  ...
b Oracle Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Credit Suisse (ORCL)
b BNP Paribas shares rise after agreeing to pay US settlement
t Xbox One coming to South Africa in September
e Johnny Depp, Heard throw post-engagement bash
m 2 April 2014 - World Autism Awareness Day
m Google aims to build the 'perfect' human with Baseline Study
e 6 Things We Learned from Weird Al Yankovic's Reddit AMA: Curly Hair Tips  ...
e X-Men Director Bryan Singer accused of sexualy abusing a teenage boy
m Isla Vista rampage adds urgency for mental illness laws
t Android Wear video demo: Take a look at what LG's G Watch can do
t Google testing self-driving cars on city streets
e Emma Appleton Accuses Terry Richardson Of Bribing Her For Sex
e Jessica Alba doesn't do nude scenes in front of grandparents
e “Dawn of the Planet of the Apes” at the forefront of native 3D
t predictive search Why Apple can't match Google's all-seeing new smartwatches
e Muppets Most Wanted sends the Muppets back to their roots, and what  ...
e Ryan Seacrest: Casey Kasem's death a loss for radio listeners worldwide
b Can Mark Fields Do to Lincoln What Alan Mulally Did for Ford?
e The Kardashians Eye New York Apartments
t How Android TV will make Chromecast better
t NSA denies prior knowledge of Heartbleed vuln
e Olivia Wilde posts snuggly picture of her new baby boy via Twitter
b Lufthansa strike disrupts 425000 passengers
b Search for missing Malaysian jet resumes off Australia
t Is Google+ Going to Die?
b ECB fails to fully offset bond buys again as money markets tighten
b Russia Escapes Further EU Sanctions After Backing Ukraine Election
m Canada Unlikely to Get Affected by Ebola Virus, Health Officer Claims
e A test of faith from the mouths of babes
t Bee decline study puts pressure on UK to ban garden chemicals
e Suspected Art swindler arrested in Spain's Seville
b Allergan board unanimously rejects cash-stock takeover offer from Valeant Pharma
e Jennifer Love Hewitt Appears Four Months After Giving Birth, Talks Baby Autumn  ...
b Bitcoin Criminals Challenge US Law Enforcement, Holder Says
b Postal workers protest privatization at Clawson Staples store
b China's Factory Activity Hits Seven-Month High
e Jon Stewart: Stephen Colbert “deserves all the success in the world”
e Constitution error on Rolling Stone cover
t Facebook Relaunches 'I'm a Voter' Feature Ahead of Midterm Elections
t VIDEO: New recalls and questions about auto parts safety
t 5 Things to Know About Iliad's Bid for T-Mobile
e Actress Sues New York Pharmacy Over Photo
b Undervalue/Overvalue: The Great Yuan Debate Continues
b In MH370, unity for the country not the same as for the government
t Samsung Galaxy S III GT-I9300 KitKat Update 'Cancelled'
b Conf Board: June US Consumer Confidence Rises to 85.2, Above Expectations
e Reese Witherspoon to Cara Delevingne -- How the **** Do You Pronounce Your  ...
e Outkast reunite, headline Coachella festival
e Johnny Depp Talks Feeling Calmer Since Turning 50 on 'Ellen'
b Summer Gas Takes a Hike
e Juan Pablo Didn't Propose… What Happens to the Ring? Plus, See Every  ...
t Salina, Kan. Declares June LGBT Pride Month
e The Solange Video Raises Many Profound Media Questions. Trust Us.
t Opel Plant Closure To Cost GM $866 Million; Faulty Takata Airbags Halt  ...
e Ryan Gosling fought with Rachel McAdams and he wanted her off 'The  ...
t WPC 2014: Microsoft Plans Cloud-Focused MPN Changes, Announces  ...
e This Band Played A Hospital Room Concert For One Of Their Fans Who Was  ...
e Let's All Watch A Shirtless Zac Efron Backflipping Off A Boat
b Water Cop Enforces Laws As California Drought Persists
t Google offers workaround for Android Wear paid apps bug
e 'Amazing Spider-Man 2' Track Gets You Caught Up In Its Web: Listen
e When It Came To Voicing 'Planes,' Julie Bowen Couldn't Just Wing It
e Julia Roberts - Julia Roberts Opens Up About Sister's 'Heartbreaking' Suicide
b 'Wake-up call' for SA as Nigeria's economy takes top spot
t Best Android Smartphones 2014: LG, Samsung, HTC and Google Nexus Top  ...
e Kate Middleton Gets Loving Glance From Prince William During Official Ceremony
b 751-foot ship grounded in Chesapeake Bay
b Oil slips below $104 as supplies set to increase - WBOC-TV 16, Delmarvas  ...
t NetApp launches private storage for Microsoft Azure
e Keke Palmer & Kylie Jenner's Revealing Cutouts: Who Wore It Better???
b 'Parasite' fliers plastered on Google exec's San Francisco home
t Whale Poop Might Help Fight Climate Change
m Hepatitis A vaccinations continue at free Health Department Clinic
t Activision to Spend $500 Million on Destiny
t Profile of Tim Cook talks up iWatch, reveals 'processes are essentially  ...
b Texas unemployment rate remains at 5.7 percent
e VIDEO: Ethan Hawke Talks New Film 'Boyhood' on TODAY
b Planting Intentions Report Gives a Boost to Corn Market
e Winter Soldier a hot pick
b Hang Seng Index hits highest since December on optimism, property gains
t How to sign up for the Apple OS X Yosemite beta, set to launch this summer
t Softbank boss promises 'massive price war' if he can buy T-Mobile US
b SEPTA Regional Rail workers on strike
e Mark Wahlberg Drops F-Bombs And Thanks For MTV Movie Awards Generation  ...
e 'Ashton won't want to see it being ripped apart'
t Designed to monitor babies but could put them in danger
t Google might be planning to buy Twitch. Will it spend $1 billion to boost YouTube?
e Never-Before-Seen Andy Warhol Works Have Been Found on a Floppy Disk
t Watch Dogs DEDSEC Edition Unboxing
m Running for just a few minutes a day can extend your life, study finds
e Kim Kardashian Bought Kanye West A $20 Birthday Present Like A Peasant
t ControllerMAX CronusMAX
b Fusion-IO Downgraded by Piper Jaffray to "Neutral" (FIO)
b US stocks end off highs, Dow up for week; gold at 6-wk lows
e Report: Selena Gomez buys $3M California mansion
t One of the Most Earthlike Planets Ever Found May Not Exist
e Stern Response to Affleck's Hard Rock emb-Argo
e Watch Brian Williams Cover Snoop Dogg's “Gin And Juice” (Video)
e Kate Middleton and Prince George Cheer Prince William On at Polo Match
e Passover celebrated by local families and congregations
b Ten Percent of US Beaches Fail Swimmer Safety Standards
b US CEOs more optimistic about hiring, sales
e Documentary Being Produced About Bryan Singer Sex Abuse Allegations
e Demi Lovato unfollows Selena Gomez, may have called her a b**ch
t Apple awarded $119M, but who's winning the fight? - KTUL.com - Tulsa  ...
e The Voice recap: Some Like It Kat
b Retail Investors Divert Cash from Loan Funds as Fed Sits on Rate Increases
m Friends may have similar DNA – study
t Graco Recalls More Car Seats
e Courtney Love thinks she's found missing the Malaysia Airlines plane
e This dress led to a major wardrobe malfunction for Kim Kardashian before the  ...
e David Brockie Dead! Gwar Rocker Oderus Urungus Dies at 50
e LiLo`s mom to perform 100 hrs of community service after pleading guilty to DUI  ...
b Euro Area Inflation May Decline To New Low Of 0.5%
t Android L Developer Preview now available for Nexus 5 and Nexus 7 (2013)
e Paltrow's fame weighed heavily on Martin
t Google To Join Internet of Things with Android Platform
e Seth Rogen Details Kanye West's Wedding Offer With 'Ellen'
e Ex-TV judge Brown charged with contempt in Tennessee
e TRAILER: Jason Bateman, Charlie Day and Jason Sudeikis return for 'Horrible  ...
t Another View: 'Right to be forgotten' by Google may be useful EU experiment
b SolarCity in talks to build one of world's largest solar panel production plants in  ...
t #SpaceOut Talks Mars Curiosity: Today, 4pm PDT
b The Fed and Bitcoin
t Climate Report Warns Of 'Severe' And 'Irreversible Impacts'
b Target Doesn't Ban Guns; Gun-Grabbers Declare Victory
b How to Save Money on Rising Gas Prices This Memorial Day Weekend
e Avicii misses performance, questionable for Ultra Music Festival
t Apple's Cook Pursuing Beats Seen Presaging More Takeovers
b Forex - Australian dollar down ahead of housing, jobs surveys
m Relay is major fund raiser of American Cancer Society
e Top What's On
m Drug company refuses to give lifesaving medication to 7-year-old boy
b Walmart Stores To Accept Video Game Trade-Ins
e Zack Snyder Teases First Look at Batman Vs. Superman's Batmobile
b US stock market edges higher as earnings pour in
b Deerfield-based Walgreen Co. to close unprofitable stores
t Google announces Google Glass partnership with Ray-Ban
e Kim K to get diamond dust spray tan for wedding
b USFDA slaps import alert on Sun Pharma's Karkhadi plant
b Microsoft leads the Dow Jones industrial average higher; CBS Outdoor jumps in  ...
t Rocket Launch a Go Despite Computer Woes
m This Paramedic Goes Ham Voguing To Rihanna (While Driving… With No Hands)
e Billy Bob Thornton talks 'Fargo,' 'Entourage,' and why he'll never direct again
e Stephen King writes for 'Dome'
e Jamal Anderson -- BLOG OF THRONES ... 'We're On a Boat!'
m Meds and Movement: My Breast Cancer Treatment Plan
t WWDC 2014: 8 hidden gems in Apple's iOS 8
b Thai economy shrinks 0.6 in Q1, first time since 2011: official data
t Humans cause severe weather? Surprise!
b Twitter: It's Time To Deliver
b Asian Markets Trade Higher On Wall Street Lead
e Report: Kim Kardashian And Kanye West Secretly Wed In LA
e Khloe Kardashian - Rumors Claim Her Love Life Is A Hot Mess
e US actor held for allegedly killing wife
t First look at the Chevrolet Corvette Z06 Convertible
e Mila Kunis Warns Future Dads: Stop Saying 'We are Pregnant'
e Friendly Keifer is back as a nastier Jack Bauer
m Mosquito-borne chikungunya virus on the rise
m Sperm/Egg Fusion Depends on Pairing of His/Her Proteins
m Banner Alzheimer's Institute Announces Partnership with Novartis in New Study  ...
e Mad Men Season 7 Spoilers: Season Split into 2 Years
b Vodafone Group plc: Vodafone announces results for the year ended 31 March  ...
b Tumblr Ads to Start Running on Yahoo Sites
b UPDATE 1-US passenger jet nearly collided with drone in March -FAA
e 'Bachelorette' contestant dead; Eric Jonathan Hill fatally injured in paragliding  ...
e Why did Rob Kardashian skip sister Kim's nuptials?
t Apple, Samsung Bicker Over Jury Verdict Form
t Microsoft warns of Internet Explorer security flaw
e Rupert Grint To Make Broadway Debut in 'It's Only A Play' This Fall
t Facebook's Slingshot for Fleeting Posts
t After 15-Hour Sale, Google Says All Glass Units Are Sold Out
b Southern California community loses Toyota
e Gwyneth Paltrow, Chris Martin took part in ceremony to prepare for split?
b Daily Report: Euro Opens the Week Lower, Dollar Firm
t Ancient bird had 24-ft. wingspan. Yes, that's as long as small planes
m Saudi MERS cases surge but experts at loss to explain spike
m Acne treatment might trigger facial rashes
t Space Station sends World Cup best wishes
t HTC One (M8) Available Today at 1PM – Online at All Carriers, In-store at Verizon
e 'Homeland'star James Rebhorn passes away at age 65
e Cannes Film Festival: Stars send messages, some more serious than others
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S Hands-on
t OS X Yosemite: Top 5 Business Features
b Forex - EUR/USD edges lower ahead of payrolls, ECB
m Planet Fitness kicked Muslim woman out for wearing head scarf: lawsuit
e NWA biopic Straight Outta Compton set for August release
t Where the 45 Years Anniversary of Man's First Steps on Moon Will Be Celebrated
m Burn Planet Fitness to the Ground
e Marvel's Magical Hero Meets His Master: Derrickson to Direct 'Doctor Strange'
b Crisis-Hit Malaysia Airlines Faces 'Complete Overhaul'
b Why TransGlobe Energy (TGA) Stock Is Higher Today
e 'X-Men: Days Of Future Past' Boasts $261.8M Worldwide
e Angus T. Jones: Don't watch the 'filth' I starred in
t Google Celebrates 40th Anniversary Of The Rubik's Cube With Doodle Game
e Chris Evans Clears Up Those Retirement Rumors
t Lost snake species found on island after 78 years
m Skin cancer rates spike after generation of sunbathing, tanning beds
t New Jersey Assembly Passes Bill To Allow Tesla Sales
b Amazon sees brisk sales, profits are still skimpy
e Watch Lana Del Rey's Steamy New Music Video (It'll Make You SO Ready for  ...
e Michael Jace Used 'Intimidation Style of Discipline' on Son
m FDA: Pet treats kill dogs, make at least 3 people sick
e Kanye West Thinks He's Found 'The Next Rihanna' in Pia Mia Perez (Watch)
t Google to serve users ads on household items
m Low-dose Aspirin daily can lower the risk of Pancreatic Cancer, says study
m Labor Dept. cuts coal dust levels
b Leak in crude oil pipe blamed for dangerous levels of benzene in Chinese city  ...
b US STOCKS-Wall St ends higher as blue chips rally; Intel up late
t Review: S5 Features Useful, Less About Gimmicks
m New Medicare data could shed light into doctor payments
e Casey Kasem's body still at funeral home; wife yet to arrange burial, daughter's  ...
t Justices rule for broadcasters in fight with Aereo
b Americans hopping aboard public transit in record numbers; ridership recovers  ...
e SF comes out proud for annual Pride Parade
e “Modern Family” wins Emmy as best comedy series
e Beyonce and Jay-Z release 'On the Run' Trailer (Video)
e North Korea raps Aust foreign minister
b Weird Mother's Day Gifts For Your Weird Mom
b Coca-Cola to remove controversial drinks ingredient
t NASA orders spacewalk at space station
t Recalls? What Recalls? GM Customers Just Kept On Coming In May
e Glastonbury day three video highlights: The 1975, Sam Smith, more
b Burger King, Tim Hortons seal merger deal
e Ray J trolls Kim Kardashian and Kanye West with unusual wedding gift
e Martin's 'Winds of Winter' chapter draws fan praise, impatience
b Fracking Linked to Earthquakes in Ohio
e Jessica Simpson gets emotional before wedding?
m Local shops, health officials weigh in on proposed e-cigarette regulations
e Louis C.K., Judd Apatow implore TMZ to remove footage of Tracy Morgan crash
m Use Wikipedia with caution, say experts
b India manufacturing slows in March
e Shirtless Zac Efron - awkward or sexy?
e Happy Triduum!
m Study: 3D Mammography Increases Breast Cancer Detection
e The 1998 Short Film That Showcased Melissa McCarthy's Early Comic Genius
b Forex - GBP/USD near 5-week lows on fresh Ukraine worries
b Russia and China sign 30-year natural gas deal worth $400 billion
m Liberia confirms 2 Ebola cases
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 on sale online today, and in stores next week
e 'The Big Bang Theory' season 8 production delayed as Kaley Cuoco, others  ...
t Consumers, experts criticize FCC's reported new rules to allow a fast lane for  ...
m Nickel in iPad triggers allergy
e Wu-Tang Clan announces exclusive album, nearly doubles Facebook fanbase
m Nintedanib Demonstrates Potential in Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis Trials
t Bad news for Microsoft? Windows XP still on the rise as Windows 8 usage drops
b Alibaba Files for Much-Anticipated IPO
b Pilots for regional airline American Eagle reject contract offer, call it concessionary
e Rolf Harris artwork removed from Floral Pavilion after entertainer jailed for sex  ...
t Judge Rejects Apple Bid for Injunction Against Samsung
e Beyoncé and Jay Z lunch with Solange in New Orleans, shoot video with film stars
e Selena and Justin 'full-on back together'
m Sleep apnea may be linked to men's hearing loss, represent higher stroke risk  ...
e Music aside, Queen of Soul is pumped for fair food - WTRF 7 News Sports  ...
e New 'Star Wars' film to be set 30 years after 'Return of the Jedi'
e National Grilled Cheese Day in NYC: 8 sandwiches to devour
e Kim Kardashian's Childhood #TBT – She's Always Had A Camera Man Around!
e Will Ferrell And The Chili Peppers' Chad Smith Battle Over Drums On The  ...
t Why Europe's “right to be forgotten” will prove an expensive mistake
e Transformers sequel, McCarthy flick fizzle at box office
b Citigroup Proves The Naysayers Wrong
t SAP certifies core business apps to run on Microsoft Azure
e jack white 2014 tour
b US STOCKS-Wall Street to open higher, manufacturing data on tap
t White House, spy agencies deny NSA exploited Heartbleed bug
e Jagger meets Hall for Father's Day
e Alicia Keys & Swizz Beatz Reveal Second Pregnancy — Congrats
e 2 chefs, new restaurant earn top honors at Beard awards
e Ruby Dee dies aged 91 at New York home surrounded by her loved ones
e 'Scandal' star being investigated for criminal battery
t Driverless Cars Get Green Light for Road Testing in Britain
e Twilight's Nikki Reed and American Idol Alum Paul McDonald Separate
e Matt Lauer Isn't Going Anywhere Anytime Soon! How Many More Years Did NBC  ...
e One Direction win 2 awards at the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards - Watch  ...
t NASA's army of 'swarmies' could explore other planets
t OnePlus One Screenshots Leak, Show Customized CyanogenMod
e TV Review: This Week on Game of Thrones (S4 Episode 10/ June 15, 2014)
t AT&T says it will be first to sell 'smartwatch'
b CHELSEA: Chelsea Community Hospital reaches out to inform, educate public  ...
e Rain doesn't matter; Bruce Springsteen brings the spirit to Dallas
e Robert Downey Jr's Son Indio Downey Arrested For Cocaine Possession  ...
t PlayStation 4 has sold 7 million units worldwide
e Milsap enters Country Hall of Fame
e 'Game of Thrones' Recap: 'Oathkeeper' Is a Solid Filler Episode, with an Extra  ...
t PlayStation Network crippled by DDoS attack
t Sony Xperia Z2 Tablet on Pre-Order in Canada for Pickup May 5th
t Netflix Hikes US Streaming Plan by $1 per Month for New Members
t iPhone 6 Latest Concept Features Glass Back
e Kim Kardashian enjoys fireworks at Versailles
m FDA Approves Belinostat for Rare Form of Lymphoma
b Orange reports profit plunge, sees upturn
b Video shows near-miss between jets at Barcelona airport
e HBO signs first streaming video deal with Amazon
b UK retail sales fall despite World Cup boost to sports shops
t Zuckerberg talks WhatsApp and the future Facebook conglomerate
e The Fault in Our Stars Review
t Toyota to pay $1.2bn penalty over safety issues
e Angelina Jolie Reveals Daughter Shiloh 'Laughed In My Face' When She Was  ...
e Vote! Who Was the Best Dressed Celebrity of the Week?
t Frog Fractions 2 stretch goal aims to buy Oculus back from Facebook
e Animals Process With Children At St. Martin Of Tours Episcopal On Sunday
t Auto Industry Breaks Car Recall Record
b Slot machine maker buys rival
b Sports Camera Maker GoPro Files For Up To $100 Mln IPO
b Champion swimmer Amy Van Dyken-Rouen out of ICU
e Controversial 'Noah' a sprawling tale of love, devotion
e 'I'm struggling to understand how she could end her life in this tragic way  ...
t Net Neutrality is on the Edge
t Beats acquisition could boost Apple
e Amazon signs HBO to exclusive deal to stream premium channel's classic shows
b US Patent Office cancels federal trademark for Washington Redskins
m Study: bariatric surgery can decrease risk of uterine cancer
m Will your kid become binge drinker?
b Daum Surges After Agreeing to Be Bought by Kakao
e Emma Watson Introduces new Trailer for Noah
b Home sales decline across state for 5th straight month
e Patrick Stewart on 'X-Men: Days of Future Past'
b FitzPatrick not guilty in Quinn-Anglo trial
t PS4 leads hardware charts again in March, says NPD
t Facebook to Notify Users When Friends are Nearby
b Canada trade deficit narrows
b 2 Questionable Tech Stocks Going Public?
e Who Should Be Stephen Colbert's Bandleader?
b BNP Compliance Officers Were Fine With Some Non-Compliance
b Two Chinese Confirmed Killed
m Many Pregnant Women Are Iodine Deficient; Supplements Can Help
e Jack White to Release New Album, 'Lazaretto'
e 'The Bachelorette 10': Finale recap
e Coldplay tops Billboard album chart
t General Motors Company (GM) news: GM knew switch defect could be fatal in  ...
e Taylor Swift ranks at top of Billboard's 2014 money makers
e There Will Be No Season Two for Lindsay Lohan's OWN Reality Show
t Facebook developing 'drones, satellites, lasers' to “beam Internet from the sky”
b An inside look at Target Canada's supply chain gridlock
m Environmental Pollution Might be Contributing to Autism Risk: Study
b Market Hustle: Futures Fall; AT&T Slips Following DirecTV Deal
e Kendall Jenner Leaves Underwear at Home for MuchMusic Awards
b Sterling holds ground ahead of BoE, eyes on housing
e Ice Bucket Challenge puts Allen and Dieruff kids on the same team to battle ALS
e Josh Kaufman Won The Voice Finale 2014: Jake Worthington and Christina  ...
b This Is What Counts As A Market Sell-Off Now
t Like General Mills? Doing so may void your right to sue
b Kraft recalls cottage cheese due to poor storage
m NYC Department of Education Calls Little Girls Fat
b GE strengthens hand in Alstom battle with pledge for 1000 French jobs
e Scarlett Johansson Does Old Hollywood Glam For London Premiere
e Sharknado 2 Big Hit For Syfy Ratings
t MH370: Seabed of search area mostly flat, with 1 trench
b Health overhaul sign-ups
b FTSEurofirst hits 6 1/2-yr high as Shire surges on takeover offer
e Barack Obama & Bill Clinton pay tribute to literary hero Gabriel Garcia Marquez
b Why Bank of America (BAC) Canceled Its Dividend Hike - Real Time Insight
t OnePlus One Smartphone Is a Customizable Beast
b BlackBerry revenue falls below $1B
t Watch Dogs (Multi) Preview
m Salmonella Cases Decline, But Food Poisonings Remain High
e Rolling Stones resumes world tour
b Gold below $1300; platinum eyes biggest week in 3 months
t Xbox One July Update Revealed
e American Idol: Three Go Home Heros And One Goes Home
b EBay, Icahn settle proxy fight; proposal to spin off PayPal shelved
t FCC Chair Says Reports of Net Neutrality Turnaround Are “Flat Out Wrong”
e How to Get Your Ex Back Without Being as Creepy as Robin Thicke
e Magnet of Faith - Church of the Holy Sepulchre in Jerusalem
t Facebook Reveals Data on Crime-Related Information Requests of Canadian  ...
t Short Interest in Microsoft Increases By 11.7% (MSFT)
b Ahead of the Bell: Whole Foods rated 'sell'
e North West Goes Public In Paris as Kim Prepares for Wedding
e Katherine Heigl admits feeling 'angry' and 'betrayed' by Hollywood
b Ebay's Q1: Posts a loss but meets targets anyway; enterprise revenue up
e Singapore bans Archie comic book for depiction of homosexuality
t References To Unknown iPad Models Found Within iOS 7.1
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Mini to launch in mid-July
t Pro Report: Keystone, Inc. - Bitcoin certified for election donations - Snapchat  ...
b Family Dollar Stores Inc., up $15.08 to $75.74
b Motorola Solutions Q1 sales fall short of guidance
e Tess Boyer - I'll Be There For You - The Voice Top 12 Live Show
e A conversation with Bonnaroo co-founder Ashley Capps
t Facebook dumps the Poke and Camera apps you never used
e 'Maleficent' features reimagined 'Sleeping Beauty'
e Say goodbye: Chelsea Handler is likely leaving E!
e 'Bachelor' Preview: Clare Tells Juan Pablo's Mom He Made Her Cry
t GM recalls 8.45 million vehicles in North America: Bloomberg (Video)
b CBS Outdoor Shares Rise on First Day of Trading
m Robot arm gets US government backing for release
b Apple agrees to buy Beats for $3.25 billion
t Everything you need to know about Halo 5: Guardians so far
b REFILE-UPDATE 3-Priceline adds OpenTable to its menu for $2.6 bln
b Military Aircraft Fuel Durable Goods Orders Growth
m US News & World Report tweaks hospital rating formula; Ochsner tops in  ...
e The Bachelorette Contender Eric Hill Dies In A Accident
t Apple Launches 8GB iPhone 5c, Replaces iPad 2 With 4th Gen iPad
t HP's new OpenStack distro is serious business
b Mt Gox discovers 200000 'forgotten' bitcoins after filing
e The-Dream Arrested For Alleged Attacks On Pregnant Girlfriend
t Nokia suspends European sales of Lumia 2520 tablet due to faulty charger
m Combat vets' use of painkillers troubling, researcher say
e Gregg Allman files lawsuit to block filming of biopic
b Facebook Says It Will Use Mark Zuckerberg's Facebook Page To Reveal Big  ...
e The New Star Wars Movies Will Have Nothing To Do With The Expanded  ...
t Creation of Living Materials Shows Potential
b GE Offers $16.9 bln to buy Thermal, Renewables and Grid businesses of Alstom
t Xbox One sales have doubled since the Kinect was dropped
t Gas prices take slight dip in state, nation
e True Blood's Ryan Kwanten on surprise sex scene: 'I have a lot of fun'
e Wall Street inches up on M&A deals; Iraq worries cap gains
m Aspirin Alert
e Shailene Woodley Went To See 'The Fault In Our Stars' In Disguise!
t You're Not Popular Enough to Use Facebook's New App, Nerd
e New Poster for "The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies"
b Home sales jump most in more than four years
m Sebelius resigns, Obama taps budget guru
b Twitter Signs deal with Amazon that lets customers shop by hashtag
b 2nd LD Writethru: US Fed announces further cut in monthly bond purchases
t $49 Roku Streaming Stick Starts Shipping
b Procter & Gamble to slim down product lineup - 7News Boston WHDH-TV
e Sandalwood mourns Gabriel Garcia Marquez's death
t Alien Thighbone Or Buried Rocks? What's NASA Really Showing Us?
b China pushing banks to remove IBM servers: Bloomberg
b US trade deficit shrinks in May
b FOREX-Dollar slides to 2-week lows vs euro, franc after Fed minutes
e Reel Spoilers Episode 50: 'Dawn of the Planet of Apes' Starring Andy Serkis  ...
e Kendall & Kylie Jenner Show Studded Style As They Seek Retail Therapy Ahead  ...
e 'Sons of Anarchy' Casts Courtney Love in Pivotal Role, Debuts Season 7 Teaser
e Your Guide To Gwyneth Paltrow & Chris Martin's “Conscious Uncoupling  ...
e Selena Gomez fires her managers… who just so happen to be her parents. Bit  ...
m Don't let seasonal allergies slow down your child
b Colorado Made $3.5 Million In Taxes And Fees In First Month Of Marijuana Sales
m Iowa firm awarded first license for PEDv vaccine
m If you think work stresses you out, think again
e FBI: California state senator asked for donations to introduce agent to arms  ...
t Apple-Comcast TV Service Rumor Drives Down Netflix Shares
b Justices largely back EPA on greenhouse gases
t UPDATE 2-Tesla Motors to share patents to spur electric car development
t Microsoft Launches Free Office for iPads, iPhones, and Android Devices
b EUR/USD Fundamental Analysis June 19, 2014 Forecast
e 7 Ways Noah Turns the Bible Upside Down
m Reconstructive surgery firsts
e Saturday Night Live Season Finale – Live Stream, Start Time, TV Info, and More
t Facebook seeks India revenue boost with 'missed call' ads
e NWA biopic has chosen its three lead actors
e Kanye West and Kim Kardashian's 'Hollywood invasion' divides Florence before  ...
t Overstated mileage for revamped Sonata: Hyundai
e Craig Ferguson Announces Late-Night Retirement
m School makes final decision on girl who shaved head
e Hilary Duff Teases New Single 'Chasing the Sun' with Beach Photos, Skywriting  ...
e Mila Kunis expecting first child with fiance Ashton Kutcher?
e SJP Returning To TV?
e Jackson fans from around world recall icon, 5 years on
e It's sociology class, starring Miley Cyrus
b Peoples Gas parent Integrys being bought for $5.7 billion
m CDC: Ebola outbreak 'even worse than I'd feared'
t Mozilla disses Microsoft -- cancels Modern UI version of Firefox for Windows 8.x
e Lea Michele 'pleads the fifth' when asked about Matthew Morrison on 'WWHL  ...
e Correction: Britain-Obit-Richard Attenborough story
m 'Mental illness may be deadlier than smoking'
b American Apparel Founder & CEO Dov Charney Axed Over Alleged Misconduct
m Mental Health Experts: Oscar Pistorius Was Not Suffering From Mental Illness  ...
m (Neb.)-Play It Safe At County Fairs With Repellent And Sanitizer
e The Voice 2014 Season 6 Live Recap : Battles Round 2, Part 3 ( VIDEO)
e Hot Trailer: Bill Murray As Childhood Mentor In Weinstein Co.'s 'St. Vincent'
t Apple hires Tag Heuer's sales director for upcoming iWatch
b FUTURES FILE: Market stops yellin' for gold
b Equity Home Sales near 90 Percent of All Home Sales, While Pending Home  ...
m Men Choose Painful Shock Than Solitude
t Facebook launches friend-tracking feature
b Disney Has a New Rival in Bid for Maker Studios
t Oracle Can Pursue Claims Google Copied Java, Court Says
b Gold hits near 6-month high as equities fall on China, Ukraine
b TE Connectivity To Buy Measurement Specialties For $1.7 Bln, Including Debt
m CDC: US is biggest Rx opioid market
e Film | The Amazing Spider-Man 2 – Garfield and Stone's on-screen chemistry  ...
b Report: Maryland To Dump Health Care Website For Connecticut's
t Facebook takes creeping to new heights, introduces a bewildering new  ...
b BNP humbled by US penalties
t Inbox hero: inside Mailbox's master plan to make email suck less
b Wal-Mart: Have any executives been penalized for recent scandals?
e Chuck Koplinski: Woodley shines in familiar 'Divergent'
b Breakfast wars escalate as McDonald's offers free coffee
b Fast food workers score a big win against McDonald's
e Adele Hints New Album Title
t Rumoured iPhone 5c 8GB variant to reportedly debut via O2 Germany
b 11 miners still trapped in small gold mine in Honduras
t Twitter allows 4 photos in each tweet along with 10 tags
e Stone, Phoenix set for Woody's next
e Spider-Man stars grace red carpet in London
e The 5 songs we want to hear Jay Z and Beyoncé perform on tour
b Stock Futures Show Some Muscle; Merck, Cognex Rising
e What's Next for Bachelor 2014's Nikki Ferrell and Juan Pablo Galavis?
e 'Sherlock' Christmas Special Possibly Coming in 2015, Says Martin Freeman
e VIDEO: Jimmy Fallon plays "Face Balls" with Julia Roberts
t Why Minecraft PS4 Release Date Is Closer?
e Lohan to make London stage debut
t 5 secret projects Oculus VR and Facebook could be working on
b Cringe-Worthy Memos Show Blatant Fraud At BNP Paribas
b MARKET ANALYSIS: Markets May Experience Choppy Trading Amid Quiet Day
e Michael Jackson's Billboard Music Award Hologram Performance Confirmed
e Beyonce and Jay Z star alongside A-list cast in new music video
e COLUMN-At Aereo arguments, old-school v. new technology: Frankel
b Possible plane objects spotted off Australia
e Swiss museum sole heir in will of art collector Cornelius Gurlitt
m Highest paid Medicare doctors are major Democratic Party donors
t VLC's Windows 8 app is finally here, but in beta form
t Amazon fires up defensive domain registrations for Fire Phone
t Lawmaker Pans Campaign That Led to Mozilla Ouster
b BlackBerry Still Losing Money, Yet Still Optimistic
t Leak Suggests Microsoft's Surface Mini Tablet Is Coming Soon
e Selfie-assured Kim Kardashian fearlessly flaunts her new blonde wig as she  ...
t Average gas prices continue to fall in New York state
e Ariana Grande Releases New Single 'Break Free' Feat. Zedd [LISTEN]
e Paul Simon, Edie Brickell Domestic Violence Case Dropped
e Kate Middleton pledges support to Andy Murray at Wimbledon in fitting white  ...
m Saturated fat may not cause heart disease after all
b Rajat Gupta to begin 2-year term in prison for insider trading from June 17
t FCC Chairman Threatens to Intervene to Resolve Dodgers TV Dispute
b Arizona reaches $550 million settlement on mortgage abuses
e Cameron Diaz on 'The Other Woman'
t Insight: Apple on medical tech hiring spree, a possible hint of iWatch plans
t Big bang proof? New evidence backs theory of physicist with NJ ties
m Targeting microbial translocation attenuates SIV-mediated inflammation
e Top 10 Casey Kasem TV Movies
e Review: GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY
b Airbus files patent for bicycle-style airline seats
t Scientist MPs Refuse To Back 'Cheerleading' Climate Change Report
e Joan Rivers Returns To The Tonight Show As A Guest For The First Time In  ...
t E3 show gave a glimpse at some of the biggest games scheduled for launch in  ...
b Needham & Company LLC Upgrades NVIDIA to "Buy" (NVDA)
e Palestinian Archbishop condemns Israel for restrictions against Easter pilgrims
e Healthy Miley ready to get back to 'twerk'
e Actress Ann B. Davis of 'Brady Bunch' dead at 88
t UK data regulator probes Facebook over psychological experiment
e 'Captain America: The Winter Solider' Smashes Box Offices This Past Weekend
b Stocks meander as China, Ukraine worries weigh
b US: Stocks start week with gains
e New official trailer for Orange Is the New Black Season 2
e Kentucky, Louisville rekindle Bluegrass rivalry
e Cyborg Cast in Superman/Batman Film
b Delay in GM recall triggers investigation
e Amy Adams Speaks Out About Giving First Class Seat to US Soldier
m Girl shaves her head for friend, kicked out of school
t 250 New Emojis Coming this July
e DWTS Elimination Season 18 Shocker: Where You Surprised to See Charlie  ...
b Wal-Mart teams up with Wild Oats to sell lower-priced organic food
t Report: One-Third of New York Residents Were Data Breach Victims Last Year
b INSIGHT-Mega-IPO to rekindle the 'bromance' behind Alibaba's rise
t Microsoft Has Full Versions of Office for iPad, iPhone Just Waiting to be Released
e Still Kim, Mrs. West soon-Kim Kardashian
e Corey Stoll to join Ant-Man?
t Microsoft rushes to fix security flaw in Explorer browser
b Barcoder Zebra Buys Motorola's Enterprise Arm For $3.3bn
t DANSKE BANK PREMIERSHIP RESULTS
b Whole Foods Market (WFM) Is Today's Pre-Market Mover With Heavy Volume  ...
t How to Install Android L SDK on Windows and Mac
e Ann B. Davis Dies: 'Brady Bunch' Housekeeper Alice Died At 88 After Head Injury
b Luthra, Amarchand, Crawford, Shearman, Davis Polk advise on Sun Pharma's  ...
e Robin Thicke publicly apologises to Paula Patton at BET
b Big clients take flight as Barclays accused of 'dark pool' deception
b Early-Planted, Above-Average Crops After a Slow Start
b SkyWest places 14th in annual airline quality rankings
b Coach Reports Third Quarter Earnings of $0.68
b SAP tech chief, HANA visionary resigns
t Apple and Samsung back in US court over $2-B worth of patent infringement
e Soul legend Womack no more
e New Trailer for 'Gone Girl' Arrives
e Twitter reacts to Solange's attack on Jay-Z
e Halle Berry Tells David Letterman She Believes in Aliens: 'I Think They Are Out  ...
e Scarlett Johansson Talks Career & Kids: I Want To Have It All!
e Former 007 Brosnan misfires in return to spy genre
b FedEx indicted of delivering prescription pills from illegal internet pharmacies
e Disney's Bears: Bears Watching
e Fox News hires 'Clueless' actress Stacey Dash, who endorsed Romney over  ...
b Fiat Chrysler still plans IPO launch by October
m Tainted beef recall expands to Florida
e ALBUM REVIEW: Ultraviolence by Lana Del Rey
e Fears of a clone: Shivery 'Orphan Black' returns
e Stephen Colbert Caught In Racial Scandal
m 'Milestone' Electrode Therapy Produces Leg Movement in 4 Paralyzed Men
e Pat Sajak: 'Global warming alarmists are unpatriotic racists'
e 'The Voice' USA 2014 Playoffs 3: Where to Watch Episode 19; Top 5 from Team  ...
e Pippa Middleton reflects on royal wedding in 'Today' interview
e Iranians arrested over Happy video
t 25000 Nokia workers become Microsoft employees as deal closes
t State of the Air 2014 Report
t Serious Internet Explorer Vulnerability for All Windows Users
t Google Glass is now on sale for US residents
t Tesla's shocking new strategy
e Zac Efron Attacked, Assaulted in Skid Row
m Integral Component for Sperm to Bind with Eggs Discovered
b BNP Paribas has 'ample funding' to pay US fine
e TV preview: Game of Thrones on Sky Atlantic at 9pm
e Noah Floats to the Top While Sabotage Sinks Like a Stone at Weekend Box Office
t Microsoft renames 'Windows Azure' as 'Microsoft Azure'
m LASSA FEVER: Minnesota man hospitalized after trip to West Africa
t Facebook's Drone Plans Sound Hilariously Ominous
e 'True Blood' Cast Then And Now: From Season 1 To The Season 7 Finale  ...
t Friday The 13th's Full Moon
b US economy forecast to grow by 1.5%
e Court OK's order that dad can't have more kids
b Takeda, Lilly Ordered to Pay $9 Billion in Diabetes-Drug Case
t Volcano Heat Helped Antarctic Species Survive Through Ice Age
m Mass.: Marijuana supporters urge action on dispensaries
e Justin Bieber Defended By Mayweather On Use Of N-Word In Racist Joke
b Turkey defends YouTube ban
b As Putin looks east, China and Russia sign $400 billion gas deal
e Godzilla Box Office Surprises at $93M
b Oil, gas play second fiddle to Nigeria's services sector
t Video Game Trends Expected at E3
e MTV VMAs 2014 Red Carpet: Jordin Sparks, Solange Knowles, More Choose  ...
t Nexus 5 and Nexus 7 (2013) Receive Android L Developer Preview Build  ...
e Did 'Bachelorette' Andi Dorfman just Admit to Spending Night with Josh Murray  ...
t Snapchat Settles With FCC Over Privacy Issues
t 12 fun tips and hidden tricks inside Samsung's Galaxy S5
b Asian Stocks Slide On Iraq Worries
b NTSB faults pilot 'mismanagement' in 2013 Asiana crash in San Francisco
m Western University study unlocking secrets of breast tissue
e Bachelorette Season 10, Week 3 Recap: Andi Dorfman and Her Boys "Make  ...
e Rob Kardashian has taken a shot at ex-girlfriend Adrienne Bailon on Twitter
e Kim Kardashian steals Kylie Jenner's bikini
t Apple profits rise, top $10 billion
b Oil and gas shares gain; HPCL up 4%
e Police in the Netherlands have arrested a 14-year-old girl on suspicion of  ...
t Microsoft Drops Price of Office 365 as Low as $6.99 a Month
m New studies show that young blood reverses the effects of aging when put into  ...
e Hear Godzilla Roar In New TV Spot
b Can the West Afford an 'Oil War' with Russia?
t Crossovers help SUV sales pass sedans
t Saturn close to Earth, but clouds stop LI viewing party
t GM Recalls 218000 Subcompacts
e `Star Wars: Episode VII` casts two newcomers
b Biotech Pre-Market Movers: Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd (ADR)(NYSE  ...
e EPIC PROPOSAL: Man's Video Spans 4 Years, 26 Countries
m E-cigarettes face blanket ban on hospital grounds
b Stocks Rebound From Thursday's Losses
m First night of West Nile spraying in Sacramento rekindles old fears
e Church's Holy Week services begin Sunday
b Ingenious way to still get Amazon Prime for $79
e Selena Gomez Gets New Cryptic Tattoo
b Cuba criticizes US fine on French bank after deal to pay $9B for violating trade  ...
b Undercover Competitor: Modell's CEO Allegedly Masquerades as Dick's  ...
b Ship loaded with Syrian chemical weapons docks in Italy
m Obesity Gravitates To Obesity For The Sake Of Life Satisfaction; Could Explain  ...
b American Airlines flight nearly collided with drone, regulator says
b Geithner pulls back curtain, shows human side of leaders who fought financial  ...
e Madonna to direct new film Ade: A Love Story about an interracial island romance
t Larry Page's Plan For People Whose Jobs Are Replaced By Tech: Work Less
t Amazon Fire Phone: An All-Seeing 3D Prime Contender
t Rumor: Android TV is About to Invade Your Living Room
e Bryan Singer's Accuser Says LAPD Knew About Sex Abuse Claims in 1999
e Lena Dunham's layered dress takes the cake for bad fashion
e Kanye West to throw bachelor party in Ireland
e Amazon escalates battle against publishers
t Amazon.Com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) Evolves into the Smartphone Industry with  ...
t Some Vaio models pose burn risk: Sony
t Diablo 3 Auction Houses Officially Closed
b AstraZeneca rejects sweetened $106-billion Pfizer takeover bid
e Mother's Day is Family Day
e Michael Bay Embraces The Capitalism Of The 'Transformers' Films
b McDonald's restaurant in Yekaterinburg closed on watchdog's order
e George Clooney 'pursued' fiance through strings of e-mails
b Burger King shares up 16% on Tim Hortons merger talks
t FCC Outlines Incentive Auction R&O on May Meeting Agenda
b Thomas Piketty's Inequality Data Contains 'Unexplained' Errors: FT
e See Bradley Cooper as an angry raccoon in Guardians of the Galaxy video
e Tyler the Creator Arrested After Inciting A Riot At SXSW Concert
e Lindsay Lohan Says She Had Miscarriage
b The Dow Turns Positive as Boeing's Gain Outweighs Caterpillar's Pain
t FRIDAY NIGHT LIGHTS: Spectacular Meteor Shower Friday Night – Saturday  ...
m New brain protein tied to Alzheimer's
e Cressida Bonas to Meet Queen Elizabeth? Prince Harry Could Reveal  ...
e Watch Disney's 'Frozen' Oscars 2014 Winner Online & Soundtrack: Movie Is Now  ...
t Wheeler to Hill: Broadcasters Will Get Auction Pricing Info
e Father Of Shooting Victim Angrily Rails Against NRA And 'Craven Politicians' In  ...
b Reuters: Germany's dependence on Russian gas poses risks for Europe, says  ...
e Wedding prep or family reunion? Kim, Kanye and Kardashian kin converge on  ...
t Apple continues refining sapphire crystal displays — when will we see them?
t After court verdict, what do I do with Aereo account?
e NBC Wins the 2013-14 September-to-May Primetime Television Season
m We should teach children to value lives of all people
t Dear fossil fuel industry - it's over
b How A $1 Billion Company You've Never Heard Of Bought A Big Chunk Of  ...
e Worst celebrity Twitter gaffes
b Barclays Charged With Fraud Over 'Dark Pool'
m Restaurants Most Common Cause of Norovirus
b Medtronic spreads firm despite downgrade threat
e Moises Arias & Willow Smith Pic In Bed -- Creepy... But NOT Criminal
t Microsoft Store Offers $100 to Upgrade from Windows XP
e Parker: Colbert the character and comedian perfect pick for CBS' 'Late Show'
e Jimmy Scott Dead At 88, Lou Reed And David Lynch Championed Hard Luck  ...
t Internet Explorer Bug Lets Hacker Control Your PC
t Startup makes reading so speedy it doesn't even feel like reading
t PlayStation Owners Can Hop Into Bungie's Destiny Beta on July 17
m Ebola Confirmed in Conakry, Guinea
b In brief: Egypt cuts subsidies, hikes fuel prices
t 'Tough sell' LG G3 snubbed by some UK outlets
e Matisse exhibition impresses critics
e 'The Fault in Our Stars' at the MTV Movie Awards: The cigarette is a metaphor
t Google says its driverless cars are ready for the urban commute
e Chris Evans Says He Will Basically Quit Acting
e Miley Cyrus takes out breakup anger on Liam Hemsworth
e George RR Martin Nonplussed With Fans Saying He'll Die Before Finishing  ...
t Graphics guru Tim Sweeney explains why Apple's Metal will make mobile  ...
e Taylor Swift Throws Fourth Of July Party
e Fast & Furious 7 films in Abu Dhabi after Paul Walker death
m FDA approves CardioMEMS heart device; St. Jude to acquire firm
e Bobby Womack, Legendary Soul Singer, Dies At 70
t Trending now Researchers say they've found the biggest dinosaur ever
e 'Divergent' Movie Release Date, Cast & Review: Critics Think Book is So Much  ...
b Amazon Beats Street In Q1 With Net Sales Up 23% To $19.74B, $0.23 EPS
t Cities to Suffer the Worst Effects of Climate Change, IPCC Says
e The Bachelor's Juan Pablo Galavis Continues To Set A Good Example For His  ...
e A Teen Magazine Put Miley Cyrus On Its May Cover Without Her Permission
b Ex-SAC Capital Trader Steinberg sentenced to 3½ years
t Google sets its sights beyond smartphones
t You Can Watch Time-Lapse of Last Night's Lunar Eclipse If Clouds Ruined It for  ...
m Flu meds not as effective as claimed
e Zac Efron's new girlfriend revealed: actor dating Neighbors co-star
e Cannes Film Festival – final report
b BMW sees higher profits and car sales in 2014
t Preorders open for first two Android Wear devices
b Valeant Sweetens Allergan Offer to $49.44bn
m Sober App For Alcoholics Keeps Them From Relapse, Study Shows
t THE GAYING OF AMERICA
b Egypt raises electricity prices, says minister
e Jolie, Day-Lewis receive top honors from Queen
b DISH, DTV: Dish Network, DirecTV Surge on Merger Rumors
e Bafta TV awards 2014: This year's nominations
b Detroit Reaches Pension Deal with Retired Police, Firefighters
e Johnny Depp's daughter doesnt find him cool
b IRS: Bitcoins can be taxed
t Bike to Work Week set for next week
e Archie Comics announces beloved redhead to die in July issue
b For the AT&T DirecTV deal, the Latin America can be the jewel
e Gwen Stefani To Replace Pregnant Christina Aguilera On 'The Voice'
t Early Saturday Meteor Shower May Be Seen In Ohio
e Kim and Kanye's Wedding: All Of Her Family's Best Photos From Paris
e Half of ABBA have reunited! For a night! To celebrate 40 years since they won  ...
e 'The Ellen DeGeneres Show': 'Happy' is contagious in the Season 12 promo
e Chris Brown - Chris Brown's Bodyguard Convicted Of Assault
t Nintendo losses jump despite 2.82m Mario Kart 8 sales and Wii U boost sales
t Where Will Twitter's Future Growth Come From? Not Here.
t Roots of totalitarian liberalism
e VIDEO: Who Is Hacking The Cast Of 'Glee' On Twitter?
b Google, IBM earnings send US market lower
b What You Need to Know About Federal Reserve Dots
e Ashton Kutcher 'Asked Mila Kunis' Father For Permission Before Asking Actress  ...
t Vince McMahon Discusses The WWE Network, The New Deal With Rogers in  ...
b Growth cooling for UK industry as Europe lags
t Xbox One Versus Playstation 4: What the Numbers Show
b Volkswagen and Fiat deny merger report
e 'Veronica Mars' Movie Digital Access Leaves Some Fans Screaming Foul
e Prince Michael Jackson II Pays Tribute to his Father at his 5th Death Anniversary
b Kellogg settles class action over Kashi 'all natural' cereal
e WSOP Day 39: Jaddi and Kenney Capture WSOP Gold
t Assassin's Creed: Unity brings a French flair to stealth action on PC, PS4 and  ...
b 29/07/2014Orange reports profit plunge, sees upturn
t Five Things the Average Person Can Take Away From the AT&T, DirecTV Merger
b Facebook CEO reaps $3.3B gain from stock options (Update)
b Satellite image shows object near jet search
b Citigroup pays $7 bn to settle charges over mortgage-backed bonds
e In The News – Amazon becomes home of select HBO shows, Gainesville doctor  ...
t Microsoft Protests Order for Email Stored Abroad
e Sarah Michelle Gellar's Vogue Tweet Has Consequences— Kim Kardashian's  ...
e Rowan Blanchard Talks Playing Cory and Topanga's Daughter on Girl Meets  ...
b VW set to overtake Toyota as global auto leader
b Major parties rocked by anti-Europe vote
b Coca-Cola, Pepsi to remove controversial beverage ingredient
b US pre-open: Stock futures little changed after jobless claims
m Ebola death toll in Guinea reduced to 61
e Prolific TV Movie and Miniseries Producer Robert Halmi Sr. Dies
e George Michael: 'My Gay Life Didn't Get Easier When I Came Out'
b Brian Cornell Named Target's New Chairman, CEO
b What's a beleaguered utility do when forced by the government to close its  ...
e Hologram Outfit Couldn't Stop Jacko's Show
m Save Your Child From 'Premature Birth Defects' By Avoiding Smoke!
b Drone Almost Hit Airliner Over Florida in March, FAA Says
t NASA discovers Earthsized planet that may sustain life - KCTV5
e What is Passover? Why is this night different from all other nights?
e New Pink Floyd Album Due Out In October
b Google, IBM earnings send US stocks low
e Hidden Valley High School faculty and students accept ALS Ice Bucket Challenge
t Bum parachute mars NASA 'saucer' test flight
t Apple Agrees to Pay Up to $450 Million in E-Book Deal
t Samsung Galaxy Core vs Samsung Galaxy S3 Mini - Top Specs and Price  ...
t Microsoft takes notice of Xbox One fan's vision for console UI
e Gwyneth Paltrow, Chris Martin Vacation in Bahamas After Separation: Is There  ...
e The biggest moments of San Diego Comic-Con 2014
b West Virginia American Water: Filters Change Out Complete, No MCHM
e Kate Middleton Baby Number 2 Will Have Royal Mother's Perfect Nose? New  ...
e Watch Planes 2: Fire & Rescue 'First Kiss' clip
t New Horizons Spacecraft Crosses Neptune Orbit En Route to Historic Pluto  ...
b ADM to buy Swiss flavoring maker Wild Flavours for about $3 billion
m Against All Odds: Babies born conjoined leaving hospital
b Obamacare fails to collapse. Time to move on, folks.
e Kim Kardashian Goes Back to Blond — See the First Photos! (VIDEO)
b Gazprom signs South Stream Austria shareholder agreement
t The lunar eclipse viewed from the Moon reveals why it'll turn red
b Aussie dollar climbs as central bank holds rates
b US existing-home sales rise in April
e X-Men: Days of Future Past is worthy inclusion in Marvel canon
b Honeywell Q2 Profit Climbs 7.6 Percent
t Google sets its sights on your car, TV and living room
e Man ordered to stay away, not contact Taylor Swift
t Apple Vows To Make Emojis More Racially Diverse
t New generation Chevrolet Cruze interior images revealed
b Delta's Boeing 757 airplane loses wing panel during flight
t HTC One mini 2 Leaked Images Appear, 4.5-Inch Display With Three Color  ...
t Spec showdown: HTC One (M8) versus the competition
e 'Violet' review: Sutton Foster in glorious musical
t AT&T chooses the aging Galaxy S4 Mini as its first 4G phone with HD Voice  ...
e Plague Inc. To Soon Contract Simian Flu As Tie-In To 'Dawn Of The Planet Of  ...
t PS4 Dominates US Sales In February Over Xbox One, Wii U Sales Growing
e Stream: “Weird Al” Yankovic's new album, Mandatory Fun
t Motorola's upcoming smartphone Moto E photos leaked
b AT&T Set To Announce DirecTV Acquisition Sunday
b Amazon ties new 4.7-inch Fire phone to its products and services
b USDA: Illinois farmers expect to plan slightly less corn and more soybeans this  ...
b Chrysler US auto sales jumped 13 percent in March
m Car Windshield Cleaning Fluid Carries Deadly Legionnaires' Bacteria
e Tonight Show comedian David Brenner dies, aged 78
b Report: Amazon's prime idea for a smartphone
e 15 Girls Pharrell's After In His 'Marilyn Monroe' Video
t Obama's climate-change policy carries contradictions: Dana Milbank
e Hollywood sex abuse scandal
b Blame Europe: Stocks have 'meh' day
m Pregnant women urged to avoid alcohol in early stages
e Baby for Barrymore
t NASA Closing in on Possibly Life-Bearing Planets
b Pfizer abandons £70bn pursuit of AstraZeneca
b GM recall affects 1.18M Buick Enclave and GMC Acadia SUVs; 364k commercial  ...
b UPDATE 3-Qualcomm's quarterly revenue growth dwindles, shares fall
b Relativity Said to Offer $1.1 Billion for Maker Studios
b Wall St Week Ahead: Iraq conflict brings defense stocks in focus
b Labor Day Travel Will Be Up As Gas Prices Stay Lower
e Mariah Carey And Nick Cannon Rekindling Their Relationship?
b Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 found update: Raw satellite data to be released
t Google Street View Lets You Perform 'Time Travel'
b Number of at-home mothers on the rise
b Asia stocks mostly higher after mixed US earnings reports as traders head into  ...
e Avengers 2: Brian Tyler to Score 'Age of Ultron,' Black Widow's Back Story Told  ...
t Facebook Inc's Nearby Friends tool aims to help users 'join friends in the real  ...
e Jay Z and Beyonce Performs 'Partition' At BET Awards 2014
b Russian courts close 3 McDonald's branches for 90 days Russia August 27, 17:53
t SUVs, crossovers reign in U.S.
e Broadchurch names best drama series at BAFTAs
e Victoria Beckham Covers British Vogue, Talks Relationship With David
e Ciara and Fiance Future Welcome Baby Boy
e The Talker: 'Weird Al' is still doing his thing
m Foster Farms Chicken Recalled Due To Salmonella Outbreak
b Most Gas Prices Are Steady as Holiday Approaches
t Amazon Swoops In For Video Site Twitch, The Latest Piece In Growing Content  ...
b AT&T Tells Congress DirecTV Takeover Means Lower Prices
t Facebook Users Can Expect 'Privacy Checkup' Soon
e Rapper Eve Jeffers marries Maximillion Cooper
b Treasury 5-Year Notes Fall From 1-Week High After Fed
t Xbox Entertainment Gets the Axe, Halo TV Projects Live On [Update: Quantum  ...
t Apple's Newest iWatch Recruit Confirmed
b ​Let's Boycott Amazon! Now Where Do We Buy Stuff?
e True Blood Review: The End Has Finally Come
t Hands-On With iPhone 6 Case; Comparison With iPhone 5s, Galaxy Note 3  ...
b Malaysia Airlines 777 Shot Down Over Ukraine
e Chris Brown's trial on assault charge delayed - 13abc.com Toledo (OH) News  ...
t Europe's moves to rein in Google anger US
e American Idol to be scaled back next season
e Hugh Jackman Says He's Cancer-Free
e Which Celeb Had the Coolest SXSW Style? Vote!
e George RR Martin, Nikolaj Coster-Waldau, and director Alex Graves respond to  ...
b Hopes raised of finding missing Malaysia plane flight MH370 as large object  ...
e Keeping Up With The Kardashians being cancelled for poor ratings?
t Samsung ordered to pay Apple just $119.6m in $2.2b patent case
e Adele Teases New Album '25′ For Fall Release
m Pentagon spending $30 million to develop brain implants
b Exxon says fossil fuels aren't going away anytime soon
b Patent Office Rules Washington Redskins Name 'Disparaging'
e Potato salad Kickstarter at $36000 and counting
e How Michael Bay And Mark Wahlberg Transformed 'Transformers'
e Malcolm Young Retires From AC/DC
b Upward revision in US GDP growth fails to ignite markets
b Gazprom Responsible for Sufficient Gas Deliveries to EU – Barroso Letter to Putin
e Pharrell Gets Emotional During Oprah Interview
e Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370: Passenger's Girlfriend Pours Heart Out on  ...
t Positives Are Mounting For Apple
b Stock Market Today
e Live Active Cultures: Neil Patrick Harris nails Hedwig on Broadway
t Shocking: Facebook tampered with News Feed to influence emotions
e Read 'The Bachelorette' Andi Dorfman's Letter From Nick Viall
b Detroit Bankruptcy: City Strikes 2nd Deal With Its Other Retirees
e First Trailer for 'Gotham,' Fox's Batman Prequel Series
m Organic vs. Conventional Produce: How Should You Choose?
t Apple declares jump in profit, despite surprise 16% drop in iPad shipments
e Watch the Throne: Fantasy Worlds Have Courtrooms and Banks Too
e First Dibs: Beyoncé Takes Number One on Forbes Celebrity 100 List
e Chris Evans wants out of Captain America contract with Marvel by 2017
b Myrtle Beach water quality numbers don't add up
b VIDEO --- President Obama: 'Just fix some bridges and roads'
b Falling gas prices mean more travelers may be on the road this Memorial Day
b Stocks rally for 3rd day as Dow jumps 162
e Film review: Jolie entertains in 'Maleficent,' but this revisionist fairy tale lacks true  ...
m Study shows HIV-infected men susceptible to increased risk for heart disease
e AP PHOTOS: Die-hard fans bring color to World Cup
t 88% of ocean's surface has plastic debris: Study
e Game Of Thrones Movies Taken Into Consideration
t Leaked UN report warns of climate change risks
e Jude Law Looks Snazzy In His Suit, Has A Funny Face Off On 'The Tonight Show'
e Paul McCartney helps New York couple get engaged at concert
e Watch: First Clip from Darren Aronofsky's 'Noah'
e Lindsay Lohan's 'Sex List': Ashton Kutcher, Orlando Bloom And Ryan Phillippe  ...
t Google Aims To Expand Web Access With Drone Maker Buy
b Canadian Dollar Falls As Oil Prices Slide
b Fall in inflation triggers call for rates restraint
e Anna Kendrick Takes on Little Mermaid, 'Cups' and Dongs in 'SNL' Debut [VIDEOS]
m Hookah Use Increasing Dramatically Among US Teens
b Fed could be in mood to up interest
e Jude Law Puts His Face to the Test on The Tonight Show
t New recalls raising new questions about auto parts safety
m Scientists discover protein that joins sperm with eggs
e Jodie Foster Marries Girlfriend Alexandra Hedison in Weekend Ceremony
b Wages: The Important Part Of Today's US Employment Report
m Colon cancer screening in the news: number of cases down, but some cancers  ...
e A miracle: a three-hour film that flies by
t Fire Phone: Amazon Announces its First Smartphone
e Tori Spelling Breaks Her Silence On Love Rat Hubby Dean McDermott's  ...
t Oculus deal Is Facebook following Google s footsteps
e Alpha House Season 2 Production Kicks Off This Summer
t How To Buy Google Glass In The UK?
b Devon Energy Completes Transformation With Linn Energy Deal
e Debbie Rowe engaged to Michael Jackson's business manager
e Michael Stipe to induct Nirvana into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame Bruce  ...
e German Tabloid Brings Kim and Kate Together With Some Bum Photos
e Final X-Men: Days Of Future Past Trailer Arrives – All the Hugh Jackman, Ian  ...
e Potato salad effort raises $35000 online
e Scott Asheton: Tributes Paid to Stooges Drummer Who Died Aged 64
b Export ruling sends Texas refiners' stocks tumbling
b Daily Research News Online
t Pink and red Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Neo on the way
e 7 inside jokes to look for in 'Muppets Most Wanted'
t Google Warns Ads May Come to Nest, Google Glass
t 14-year-old Indian boy tells US how to save $400 mn by changing font
e For the final time: Maks Chmerkovskiy isn't dating Meryl Davis
e Miley Cyrus' $100K Maserati Reportedly Stolen
t NASA 'Flying Saucer' Launch to Test Mars Landing Parachute Tech
t Google launches Explorer Programme to bring Google Glass to the UK
e Drake Still Hates Macklemore
e Miley Cyrus Reveals Why She Brought A Homeless Man As Her Date For The  ...
t FCC Net Neutrality Proposal Attempts Compromise
m Could climate change strip foods of some nutrients?
e Nick Cannon in 'whiteface' photo
e Frankie Knuckles – The Godfather of House
b France set to miss key deficit target: European Commission
b The Emperor's New Clown Shoes
m How Healthy Are Pa. Residents?
m Mice study may offer fountain of youth for humans
t Samsung Pitches Curves: Spring Crop of UHD Sets Bows
e 'Winter Sleep' takes top prize at Cannes
t Facebook desperately tries to get into the news business
b BMW Confirms New X7 SUV, To Be Built In Spartanburg
t NASA Deems Flying Saucer Test A Success Despite Failed Parachute
m Bill Gates-Backed 'Super Bananas' Begin Human Trials
e Back to the future: Celebrating Record Store Day in Malaysia
t Microsoft to reveal major job cuts in Nokia acquisition - report
t Motorola's phablet back in rumours, expected to launch in Q3
b Comcast's Arbogast: TWC Deal Reflects Reality That Regional
t Watch Dogs: ctOS Tower Collectibles Locations Guide
e The Game 'involved in dramatic police standoff after pals are beaten up by club  ...
e Six Iranians arrested after dancing to Pharrell's 'Happy' on video (updated)
b Tokyo: Stocks open 1.14% higher
b Amazon offers employees $5K to quit
t Apple iPhone 6 Sapphire Display revealed - and it's beautiful
e Man raises $5200 to make potato salad
m Friends Share Genetic Similarities
b McDonald's ruling could open door for unions
e Drew Barrymore gives birth to baby girl
t Microsoft Windows in the Car offers Maps, Xbox Radio, and more
e Brad Pitt attacked at Angelina Jolie's Maleficent premiere in LA
b Gupta's Insider Conviction Tied to Rajaratnam Is Upheld (1)
e Goofballs in space in 'Guardians of the Galaxy'
e Trending News Dick Wagner: Famed Reed, Cooper Guitarist Dead At 71
e The 2014 Emmys wrap-up: Who won and who got snubbed
b Look out, GameStop, Wal-Mart jumping into used video games
b China manufacturing rebounds to 5-month high, signaling No. 2 economy's  ...
e Justin Bieber Posts Selfie with Sweet Message for Selena Gomez
b SELWESKI: April 15 may have marked the last Tax Day
e MTV Movie Awards 2014: Sexiest Red Carpet Fashion Over the Years, From Lil  ...
e Miley Cyrus Gives An 'Ex Boyfriend' A Piece Of Her Mind Right Before She Sings  ...
b Turkey blocks Twitter hours after county's PM vowed to 'eradicate' site
t Will Nokia Head Higher After Recent News?
b Great jobs report: Strong hiring, unemployment down
b Problems linger as Affordable Health Care Act deadline approaches
b Six Pack: You gotta have Heart at the top of the list
t Dramatic decline in Indus river dolphins, irrigation and habitat fragmentation to  ...
b American Apparel ousts founder Dov Charney
e Morgan Freeman 'always wanted to have a shot at working with' Johnny Depp
b Stock Market News for April 21, 2014 - Market News
m Study: Pancreatic Cancer Will Be 2nd Deadliest By 2020
m Number of people with HIV unchanged since '12
b Markets - Global stocks decline as ISEQ rises
m Hypertension Self-Management Program Helps Reduce BP For High-Risk Patients
t Smartphone giants Apple, Samsung head for court again amid patent  ...
m Is your Neutrogena face wash deadly? From severe swelling to difficulty  ...
e Miranda Kerr Talks Sex & Orlando Bloom In Titillating Nude Spread For British  ...
e Author Sue Townsend Has Died
e Justin Bieber Cuddles Up To Model Yovanna Ventura
t General Motors Recalling Another 8.45 Million Vehicles
m Mich. man can see with 'bionic eye'
b In Wyoming, 45 percent of new oil and gas wells considered pollution risks  ...
b Ford CEO Fields Receives $1.75 Million Base Salary -- Update
t VIDEO: Google Adds More Musical Chops With Songza Deal
t Samsung may unveil a smartwatch with SIM slot in June: Report
m Pistorius defense resumes after athlete declared mentally sound
b Samsung's Operating Profit Falls 24.5%
e An American's Guide to Watching the 2014 Eurovision Finale
t Honda, Mazda and Nissan Recall 3 Million Vehicles Over Airbag Fears
b US jobless claims fall to near four-month low
t Facebook Will Launch Mobile Ad Network by the End of the Month
e The Ark: Could Noah's Tale Be True?
e New Michael Jackson Album Set For Release
b Proposals vary for tackling student debt
e Songwriter Jesse Winchester, Canadian favorite, dies at 69
e FILM REVIEW: 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' is the Perfect Superhero Film
b US economy shrinks at fastest rate since recession
e Miranda Kerr lying low after alleged 'Bieber triangle' brawl
m Planet Fitness turned away Muslim woman for adorning a head scarf
b 24-meter-long suspicious object sighted: AMSA
t Lenovo wants to end IBM, Mobility deals by year end
b BNP exec departs under US pressure: sources
e White, Nerdy, and Old: The Astonishing Longevity of Weird Al Yankovic
t The #FirstTweet of your favorite game developers
e Harrison Ford remains in hospital for injuries suffered from 'Star Wars' filming
e Maksim Chmerkovskiy "Loves" Meryl Davis, Preparations Begin at Kim  ...
e 'Mad Men' all about smart women
e Miley Cyrus: From Hannah Montana to hottie
b Rally boosts S&P 500 to key levels
t Amazon to buy live-streaming game site Twitch: WSJ
t It's Dre day
e Record Store Day: 10 Classic Country Collections
e In pictures: The National September 11 Memorial Museum
m Walking may help control Parkinson's symptoms
e Bad Kitty: Miley Cyrus Gets New Tattoo on Her Lower Lip
b The ECB Has Three Interest Rates It Could Cut
b Interest Rate Limbo: How Low Will the European Central Bank Go?
m At a Glance: Electronic cigarettes
t Court sides with Oracle over Android in Java patent appeal
e Latest Game of Thrones Wedding Breaks Piracy Records, George R.R. Martin  ...
t Automakers recalling nearly 3M vehicles due to airbag issue
e Kim Kardashian Cheers On Kanye West at Bonnaroo
b China PPI Falls at Slowest Pace in Two Years
b Exports snap back as US trade deficit shrinks 3.6%
t Evolve getting an open beta exclusively on Xbox One
t Apple and IBM: Here's the huge downside that nobody's talking about.
t Heartbleed Fears Prompt ObamaCare Password Reset
t Printed word at fingertips for blind
t Full Moon Falls on Friday the 13th Tonight - Feel Free To Be Weirded Out
e A Tiny Nation's Imposition Of Death By Stoning For Homosexuality Could Have  ...
e 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' review: Metal illness
b Ikea to raise its average minimum hourly wage
b Amazon's slim profit meets analyst expectations
t Tech titan funding just a start in securing critical open-source projects
b Samsung profit slumps to 2-year low in Q2
b GM Creates Vehicle Safety Job In Wake Of Recall Questions
b Planet Business
b JC Penney same-store sales up 6.2 percent
e Rihanna makes a quick change
t When PR backfires: Google 'forgets' BBC TV man's banker blog post
b GM announces new recall of 2.4 mn vehicles in US
m Hey, We've Got Hostages
t $12 A Month For Facebook – Sprint Tramples Over Net Neutrality With New  ...
t Smartwatch Advances: Close Look at LG G Watch, Samsung Gear Live and Gear 2
e Benedict Cumberbatch's Sherlock returns with one-off special and new series
t Tackling climate change
t GM issues new recall for 2.42 million vehicles
e The Talk on Justin Bieber's Deposition Attitude, Beau Bridges Kiss on 'The  ...
m Recall: Doll Sold at Walmart Can Burn Children
e Kanye West Gives Long Wedding Reception Speech About The Kardashian  ...
t Modzilla under attack for 'firing' CEO Brenden Eich for not supporting gay marriage
m Study: Teens smoking, drinking, fighting less
e Gareth Edwards On His Star Wars Movie: "The Pressure Is On"
e Netflix's 'Orange Is the New Black' Renewed for Third Season
t World must end use of 'dirty' fuel says UN
t Office for iPad: Work with Local Documents
b OECD cuts global economic growth forecast
m Lack of guidelines on HIV patients with cancer may contribute to health disparity
b ADM buying Wild Flavors in $3B deal
e Mila Kunis on childbirth plans and her oddly secret engagement
b European shares start month with aplomb; BNP Paribas buoyant
b Target Interim CEO Pursues Comeback Rather Than 'Caretaker' Role
e Amazon Prime Music quietly goes live, offering ad-free access to 'over 1 million  ...
t Adobe Launches Voice, New Storytelling Video App For Interactive Presentations
b German Luxury-Car Makers Look Beyond Home Market [VIDEO]
e Well, "True Blood" Sucked... For the Last Time
m High sexual activity linked to high prostate cancer risk - study
b Weakness in technology stocks drags the market lower; 'Candy Crush' IPO flops  ...
t Did Amazon Price Hike for Prime Services Scare Benzinga Employees Away?
t Samsung unveils new tablets with higher screen pixel count than iPad
t OnePlus One: A high-end device that may kill Nexus 5, iPhone 5S
t China excludes Windows 8 from government computers
b ECB's Coeure said the European Central Bank is ready to make asset  ...
e George RR Martin: 'I never discussed the rape scene with Game of Thrones  ...
e First Trailer For The Equalizer Online
b Europe approves credit line for Bulgarian banks
t Facebook tests 'Buy' button
b EUR/USD closing in on trend lows
m US FDA advisers recommend Mannkind's inhaled diabetes drug Afrezza
t Microsoft Frees Up Word, Excel, Powerpoint with Free Office Apps for iPhone  ...
b Visa, MasterCard freeze cards at sanctioned Russian banks
b QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) Updates FY14 Earnings Guidance
b Diamonds With Billionaire Buffett's Signature On Sale
m Hysterectomy Device Tied to Cancer Spread Pulled From Market
t BlackBerry will continue run of BB7-powered Bold
b Taiwan manufacturing PMI hits four-month high
t Microsoft Axes 18000 Jobs
b 11 trapped as Honduras mine collapses
e Statutory Situation: 20 Twitter Reactions To Willow Smith's Risque Pic [PHOTOS]
t GM adds 218000 subcompacts to growing recall list - CBS 3 Springfield - WSHM
t Samsung Galaxy S4 vs iPhone 5S: Which Is Better?
b Lack Of Clarity On Economic Outlook Could Continue To Pressure Markets
e Miley Cyrus Resumes 'Bangerz' Tour In Europe
t 65-million-year-old T-Rex fossil arrives at DC museum
e Taylor Swift writes article on the music business, compares it to a love story
e Sharknado 2 officially shatters SyFy viewership with nearly 4 million
b Buffett says US firms prosper as economy improves
e Transformers: Speed guide to the world of bots
t Warning of 'over-alarmist' stance on climate risk
t Lost treasure of Atari REVEALED
b Strategist View: Making sense of markets
b Janet Yellen Sets the Stage for Delivering Alpha
b Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Analysts Split On Alibaba IPO Impact
e GWAR's Dave Brockie Died From Heroin Overdose
m Study: Fewer 'broken hearts' among married
b BoE communication travails a harbinger for the Fed - TD Securities
b Fast food ambitions in China hurt by safety scares
e 'Fifty Shades of Grey' Movie First Footage Revealed - Details Here!
e Kristen Bell Is Pregnant With Baby No. 2
t President Barack Obama declares June 2014 as LGBT Pride Month
m Finland still the best country for mothers
t Tesla chief Musk applies contrarian style to patents
m Heavy rock really can do your head in
b Euro zone March inflation lowest since Nov 2009 at 0.5%
b EBay settles Icahn proxy fight
m Mother of twin girls used her body as a 'speed bump' to save her children
b 'Iran deal should follow along lines of Syria disarmament'
t Mars spacecraft passes NASA test
t April Fools' Day pranks around the internet
b China's economy grew 7.4% in 1st quarter
t Oculus Virtual Reality is bought by Facebook for $2 billion
e Circus act ends with performers crashing to the ground
t AT&T Powers New Amazon Fire Smartphone
b China satellite finds object near jet search area in Indian Ocean
b Pfizer Plans Sweetened Bid for AstraZeneca--Update
b Malaysia Flight MH370 update: Plane still not found, UK company to help  ...
t Charter fights Time Warner-Comcast merger
b China's industrial output accelerates
t Sacramento gas prices won't budge from $4-a-gallon-plus level
e Kim and Kanye will not sell wedding photos
b MARKET COMMENT: FTSE 100 Gives Up Early Gains To Close First Quarter In  ...
t US government requests for Twitter info climb; Tokyo distant second
t Backlash To Facebook Buying Virtual Reality Firm Comes Swiftly
t New Robot Looks More Like Woman Than Machine
m DCF Releases Plan to Transfer Justina Pelletier, Still Denies Her Parents Custody
b Week Ahead In The Forex Market
b Enbridge Energy Partners LP: Enbridge Energy Partners, L.P. Benefits From  ...
b Trading Strategies: US FOMC Interest Rate Decision
t Google Glass launch raises questions on wearable security
t HTC One Android 4.2.2 Update Rolled Out But For What Purpose?
m Blood test offers hope for earlier diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease
t Insiders reveal new Windows 9 details
t NASA reports coolant loop problem at ISS
b Chevron defers comments on Apache, LNG projects to Friday call
e Miley Cyrus resting up after severe allergic reaction causes her to miss shows
t Stock slide knocks $230 million off value of Facebook's VR deal
b Walmart and Target increase organic and sustainable options to meet consumer  ...
e 10 Observations on the Premiere of Lindsay Lohan's New Reality Show
b S. Korea's Kakao, Daum online portal to merge
e Mich. officials weigh fun, risks of legal fireworks
b Bank of America to spend $9.33 billion to settle mortgage security dispute
e Guardians of the Galaxy Come To Minecraft On Xbox
b Karl Marx rises again
t NASA robot crashes into lunar surface early
e Justin Bieber Convinced Selena Gomez to Reconcile Through Racism  ...
e HGTV drops 'Flip It Forward' after stars' extremism protested
b Yogawear maker Lululemon sees profit, revs below estimates
e ABC Order Agent Carter TV Series
e Weird Al Yankovic Gets 'Tacky' With Jack Black, Aisha Tyler And Kristen Schaal  ...
m Prostate Cancer Diagnosis Raises Risk Of Suicide
e Despite internet rumors, Newman actor Wayne Knight is alive
b The Three-War Doctrine
b Robert Reich: 10 ways to close the inequality gap
e The Talker: Zac Efron punched while in skid row
m Can't sleep? Call the dentist!
b Krugman Warns ECB Panel That World's Central Bankers Have It Wrong
t Latest Xbox One update preview revives friend log-in notifications
t Yet Another Warning From the World Health Organization on Air Pollution
t Phil Spencer Revealed as New Head of Xbox
m Study Claims Wikipedia Medical Entries Filled with Errors
e Rolf Harris branded a hypocrite for anti-abuse video
m Most women who have double mastectomy don't need it, study says
t This is the most colorful and detailed image of the Universe ever captured
m Failing at fertility: New 'report card' grades states on how they help — or don't
e Reese Witherspoon To Cara Delevingne: "I Don't Know What Your F*cking  ...
b Twitter shares tank after company reports slowing user growth
e #CancelColbert? 'The Colbert Report' Host Stephen Colbert Blasted for Racist  ...
b Wednesday's most followed in Canada including Valeant, Midway, HudBay  ...
t Researchers find ancient Tibetan altitude gene
b US economy beats estimate with 2.6pc growth
e Twitter tributes to Nadine Gordimer
b Men's Wearhouse and Jos. A. Bank: Who Won?
m Intuitive Surgical (ISRG) Receives FDA Clearance for New da Vinci Xi System
t Walmart cutting iPhone 5S and 5C prices ahead of expected iPhone 6 launch
t Google Buys Drone-Maker For Supposedly Non-Evil Reasons
b India stresses on peace in contested South China Sea
e Eurovision 2014: Sweden will win and UK will get a Top 10 spot, Swansea  ...
t 'We're All Sitting Ducks': Latest U.N. Global Warming Report Paints Dark Picture
e The rebel underground lives in this new teaser for Hunger Games: Mockingjay
b Dotcom mocks authorities
b Nikkei Futures Rise as S&P 500 Gains on Earnings, Ukraine
e Apparently, the Real Piper and Alex from "Orange is the New Black" Were  ...
e Victoria Beckham Lands Her Third British Vogue Cover
e 50 Years Ago: The Beatles' 'A Hard Day's Night' Premieres
t Gas prices rise 5 cents over past week
t Massive job cuts at Microsoft?
e Sir Mick Jagger - L'wren Scott Honoured By Charity
e Iggy Azalea's ESPY Awards Outfits: Shows Off 3 Looks In 1 Day
t Hands On With Toshiba's Brilliant 4K Laptop
e Gwen Stefani joins 'The Voice USA'
e Disney Confirms The Incredibles 2 & Cars 3
e Glitches spoil 'True Detective' finale online (w/video)
b Ukraine: Pro-Russian rebels in Donetsk fear government troops to launch attack  ...
e CANNES WATCH: Designers set up shop
t iPhone 6 Display Shortage Won't Impact Release Date [REPORT]
e Johnny Depp Confirms Amber Heard Engagement, Jokes About Wearing A  ...
t Google Open Sources End-To-End Email Encryption
b White House decrees Medicare Advantage cuts should disappear
e Actor Johnny Depp Subpoenaed in Murder Case
t Future Shock: Google unveils a (cute) driverless car
m Forget 5 a day – 7 is better
e Sorry '90s Nostalgia Addicts, But The Girl Meets World Trailer Is Here And It  ...
m Haiti proving fertile ground for mosquito-borne chikungunya virus
b Barnes & Noble To Finally Spin Off Nook Into Separate Business
m The Chikungunya Virus: Statement by Hon. Kenred Dorsett MP Minister of the  ...
e INSIDE KIM KARDASHIAN'S HEN DO: Bride-to-be celebrates last night of  ...
e Hello Kitty is actually not a cat
e Miley Cyrus wins top prize at MTV Video Music Awards
e Model Katie Cleary's Husband Commits Suicide
e Jessica Chastain to star in True Detective?
e Relatives, survivors remember Sept 11
t HTC Nexus 9 Release Date, Specs, Price, Design: Everything You Need To  ...
b Another Bad Day in Biotech Stocks, Pace of Selling Accelerates
t HTC has high hopes for One M8 smartphone
t Apple Wants You to Run Your Home from Your iPhone // 11:44 AM ET
e Kim Kardashian shows us her MASSIVE boobs at the Bonnaroo music festival!
t Motorola's first 'post-Google' phone will be a budget phone
t We Must Protect Net Neutrality
t NASA's humanoid Robonaut finally getting legs
b Mothercare share price surges 12pc after Destination Maternity takeover bid  ...
b American Apparel In Financing, Board-Rejig Deal - Update
m Life Expectancy Increases by 9 Years between 1990 and 2012, WHO
t Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) CEO Elon Musk on Tesla, Battery Price, Mars & Genetics
b European stocks rise on ECB stimulus talk; Dax up 0.61%
b EU forecasts the bloc's economic growth will help lower the high unemployment  ...
m Deadly Ebola Virus Sparks Fears
t Report: HTC Eyeing Nokia's Chennai Plant
m Conway Involved in Four Loko Settlement
t Facebook Paper Update Download: Android Release Date Still Unclear As iOS  ...
t Surface Mini preparing to land on May 20?
t NASA To Search For Oceans On Pluto's Moon Charon
e Scott's death a suicide, examiner rules
e Olivia Wilde, Jason Sudeikis blessed with a baby boy
t Red Hat Inc.: Red Hat Reports First Quarter Results
e Special entertainment at Disney World honors 50 years of It's a Small World
t Google Developing Advanced Vision Tablet
e Bachelorette Interview: Andi Dorfman and Josh Murray are “So happy  ...
t XCOM: Enemy Unknown Now Available on Google Play Store
e VIRAL VIDEO: Sadie doesn't want her brother to grow up
e Maleficent Doesn't Have to Explain Her Wings to You (VIDEO)
b Agencies propose rule designed to clarify which streams, wetlands US law protects
b French Bank BNP Paribas Fined $9 Billion for Business Dealings With Iran
b PRECIOUS-Gold slips; platinum gains as South African strike ends
t Happy birthday Game Boy: Nintendo's trailblazing console turns 25
t Pre-order the Amazon Fire Phone Right Here
b Egyptians Hit by Drastic Fuel Price Hike
e Old age didn't slow Eli Wallach down
t Samsung Galaxy S5 launched in India @ Rs 51500, not 4G handset
t Google Now's new update helps daily commuters avoid traffic accident sites
t New Facebook Users Get Better Privacy?
b Malaysian Plane Investigators Probe Deleted Data on Simulator
t Obama auto team knew nothing about GM ignition defects
m Young blood could be the "Fountain of Youth"
t Widespread methane leakage from ocean floor off US coast
t 'OK Google, start navigation to office'
e It's sign-off time for TV legend Barbara Walters
t Japan's whaling future in balance as ICJ set to rule on hunting in Antarctic
b Massachusetts gas prices continue to fall
b UPDATE 1-BNP Paribas buys German web broker DAB in $474 mln deal
e Bindi Nicholls leaves court after Rolf Harris sentencing at Southwark Crown  ...
b US economic growth forecast slashed by IMF
b International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE:IBM) Deals With Apple Inc  ...
m Panel's report on Oscar 'a guessing game'
e President Obama, First Lady Attend Denzel Washington Broadway Play
t Google Glass update to bring along Android 4.4 and more
b American Apparel board votes to oust CEO
t Hundreds Of Methane Vents Causing 'Widespread Leakage' Discovered Along  ...
b AT&T ups the ante as pay-TV monopoly nears
m Foster Farms recalls chicken sold under its brand, plus Safeway, Kroger, Costco  ...
t Meet T. rex's tiny Arctic cousin, nanuqsaurus
t Utah Weekly Gas Price Update and Outlook
e One Direction Smoking Weed: Fans Angry at Zayn Malik & Louis Tomlinson for  ...
b Spotlight on PGMs as the gold & silver price sit on the sidelines
b US reportedly relaxing ban on crude oil exports
t Nashville's per-gallon gas price average unchanged
e X-Men: Days Of Future Past Has Been Certified Fresh On Rotten Tomatoes
b GoPro Prices IPO At Top End Of Range
b Barclays plc: Directorate Change
t Hyundai is recalling 883000 Sonatas - KCTV5
b Boeing expects Demand for 36770 New Airplanes Valued at $5.2 tln - quick facts
t After CarPlay, Apple To Bring Smart Home Features To iOS
t Livestream for Google Glass announced
e The Amazing Spider-Man 2 Listed for Xbox One Again, It's Coming
e Taylor Swift writes for the Wall Street Journal
e Miranda Kerr opens up about sex life
t Trader's Buzzers - Toyota Motor Corp (ADR) (NYSE:TM), Amedisys Inc  ...
t Accused Russian hacker claimed authorship of ''Zeus'' malware: FBI
b Hong Kong hits back at...
e Edgar Wright exits Marvel's Ant-Man
t Apple Adds Lower Cost 21-Inch iMac to its Lineup
e Fans get a chance to be in...
b Hackers give a boost to credit monitoring firms
t HTC CEO Peter Chou was heavily involved in the One's design
e Julie Bort/Screenshot
e Will Arnett Files for Divorce from Amy Poehler Nearly Two Years After Separating
t iPad with Retina Display Replaces iPad 2 as Most Affordable 9.7" iPad
b Zebra To Buy Motorola's Unit, Sees Q1 To Beat View; Motorola Cuts Sales  ...
t Verizon HTC One (2014) to be Available Exclusively for Two Weeks
t Ten US Senators Voice Opposition to Net Neutrality Changes
t Apple launches cheaper iPhone 5c
b SAP exec behind HANA quits in a hurry
e Kimye to wed in France, party in Italy
e Tony Soprano didn't die, show's creator reveals
e Lena Dunham Poses Nude in Irreverent Jab at Biblical Story in 'SNL' Skit
t Cortana Fills Windows Phone Gap
t Climate Played Significant Role in Genghis Khan's Rise: Study
e How happy are you?
m Obese, but starving 12-year old girl is the youngest to have Gastric Bypass surgery
e Coachella 2014: Lucent Dossier Experience marks 10 years at festival with  ...
b DOJ seeks more than $10B from Citigroup
e Russell Crowe gushes about Emma Watson and Douglas Booth
e Lucasfilm starts prepping for first 'Star Wars' standalone film (DIS)
e Jonah Hill Hurls Homophobic Slur
e 'Sharknado 2' ups the ante, but is it still funny?
b IRS Employees Recieved Bonuses Despite Tax Compliance Problems
m Ebola Reaches Canada?
b S&P 500 erases gain for year as technology shares extend slide
e Zac Efron Involved in Fight in Los Angeles: Actor is Punched in the Mouth
t Apple unveils Shazam integration at WWDC 14
b PMIs show weakness in China but further expansion for eurozone
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 vs Google Nexus 6: Rumored Specs & What to Expect
b Obama Beefs Up Equal Pay Protections
t April Fools Day: What to Watch Out For
t This Oculus Rift competitor will work on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC
e Stewart dropped from Snow White 2?
e 10 things you might not know about Casey Kasem
e Best places to watch Macy's fireworks show
e Why Isn't Alexander Skarsg&#229;rd in This <i>True Blood</i> Trailer?
e Neil Patrick Harris is 'becoming Jared Leto manorexic' for 'Hedwig'
e New Study: Teen Girls Report Sexual Violence as Normal
t Easter Parade
m Simple, Short HCV Regimen Has High Cure Rate
e Kanye West and Kim Kardashian Wedding Photos Revealed
m Deaths from Ebola virus continue to rise in Guinea
e X-Men: Days of Future Past (Official Trailer 2)
b India unlikely to soften stand at the World Trade Organisation on the trade  ...
t LG unveils G3 smartphone with QHD display
b Fracking may be coming to the land near you...
b Wipro, Tata Power among world's most ethical companies
t Supreme Court: Aereo Looks Just Like Cable TV, So It Has to Follow the Same  ...
b 10 Things to Know for Today
t New Camera app in Windows Phone 8.1 demoed in video
m Michelle Obama Likes the Healthy Lunch Backlash as Much as Kids Like  ...
e VMAs: Jay Z & Blue Ivy present Beyonce with an award 10:15AM
e Robin Thicke - 'Paula' [Album Lyrics]
t Internet Explorer security breach prompts warning
e Heaven is for Real Cast Interview
b CBS' billboard division, CBS Outdoor, climbs in its 1st day as a publicly traded  ...
e Go behind the scenes of “24: Live another Day”
t Boulder scientists celebrate discovery of most Earth-like planet yet
e Could Kimye be in West Cork?
t Net Neutrality explained - a big threat to an open internet
e Lil' Kim Reveals The Sex Of Her Baby & Big Plans For A Royalty-Themed Baby  ...
e Josh Murray & Nick Viall Give Away 'Bachelorette' Finale
b UPDATE 1-S&P cuts Bulgaria's sovereign rating to BBB-
m Psychiatrists: no mental disorder for Pistorius
m Yale University Study: 1 in 8 Children in the United States Suffer Maltreatment
b Swiss Competition Body Opens Forex Probe
m Mers in UAE: Fact from fiction
t Twitter in a new look
m What NOT to say to a cancer sufferer
t Monster speaks out about Apple's $3.2B Beats acquisition: We're not bitter
e Zara Apologizes, Pulls Kids Holocaust T-Shirts
b Ackman: Didn't violate insider-trading rules over Allergan
b Obama plans to fight the gender pay gap for women
e Lena Dunham, Rose McGowan Remember Mickey Rooney
b Italy bishops say they don't have to report abuse
e 'Bachelorette' deleted scene: Andi Dorfman's dad visits the premiere cocktail party
t See Apple's 4.7-Inch And 5.5-Inch 'iPhone 6' Models Side By Side In These  ...
e Bruno Mars, Brad Pitt Share Stage In New Orleans
t Microsoft layoffs: What jobs will be slashed? What jobs will be saved?
m Fist bump less germy than shaking hands
e SWA flight attendant delivers hilarious flight safety instructions
e Agents Of SHIELD Season Finale: 3 Minute Preview
m Diet drinks DO help you lose weight: Study finds they're more effective than  ...
m Renowned chemist Alexander Shulgin, 'godfather of ecstasy,' dies
b US considers fracking fluid disclosure rules
e Cowabunga Dude! Here's the Trailer for the New CGI-ed Teenage Mutant Ninja  ...
e Orlando Bloom - Orlando Bloom Was 'Rudderless' After Miranda Kerr Split
e Jimmy Fallon makes Brian Williams rap again | ZoomIN
m Calling a girl fat can make her fat
b Twitter Inc (TWTR) User Growth Disappoints; Shares Fell 11 Percent
e Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin Announce Divorce
t National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to require rearview cameras in  ...
t Apple iPhone 6 Displays Reportedly Enter Mass Production In May, Coming in  ...
b Wall Street stoked over Alcoa earnings
t Biggest Bird That Ever Flew Discovered
b Gold edges above $1300; platinum gains in Europe
b Ukrainian Jewish mayor wounded by gunshots treated at Israel hospital
t Titanfall Launches On Xbox One And PC, Patch Released To Stabilize Servers
t The 2020 Mars Rover Has Awesome Toys
e Dean McDermott Admits To Cheating On Tori Spelling On 'True Tori'
m West Nile Reported in Iowa
e Peaches Geldof's Older Sister Fifi Shares Touching Instagram Post After Her  ...
b P&G Q3 profit rises 2%, Organic sales up 3% - quick facts
m Travel restrictions: nightmare comes true
b Live tweets: Detroit bankruptcy judge hearing details of water shutoffs
b Apple CEO Tim Cook's letter to employees announcing Beats deal
b China's Jan-Feb economic activity cools to multi-year lows
b Geologists link small Ohio quakes to fracking
b US: Walmart Revives Wild Oats Brand To Launch 'Standard Priced' Organics
e Olivia Wilde and Jason Sudeikis Welcome Baby Boy Otis Alexander
m Initiating Lucid Dreaming Is a Possibility Now
e KimYe Refuses to Sell Wedding Pics for $11 Million, and Kris Jenner is NOT  ...
e Beyonce and Jay Z Officially Announce 'On The Run' Tour
m Of mice and men
b COMIXOLOGY: The Company Bought By Amazon Changed How I Read Comics
e 'Game of Thrones' Season 4, Episode 5 Recap: “First of His Name”
b General Motors issues another recall; to cost them $300 million
e Jessie J, Ariana Grande & Nicki Minaj – Bang Bang (Video)
b Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Posts Solid Earnings and Plans to Raise Prices; Stock Soars
b US GOLD OPEN – Draghi comments a 'turning point' in ECB policy
b China demands Malaysian satellite data on plane
e Khloe Kardashian Worried About Rob Kardashian's Hard Partying And Drug Use  ...
e 'Cats' revival to feature a rapping cat, because this is the world we live in now
m Woman killed when truck goes into lake identified
b Oracle Price Target Increased to $44.00 by Analysts at Citigroup Inc. (ORCL)
e 'How I Met Your Mother' finale draws show record 12.9 million viewers
m US Tumbles on 'Best and Worst Places for Mothers' List
b Linn Builds Natural Gas-Rich Portfolio in $2.3B Deal with Devon
b Why General Electric Is Heading To $32
e Kim Kardashian Sets The Record Straight On Wedding Rumors, Ceremony  ...
t Bezos: Amazon Fire smartphone offers 'something different'
b Kleiner Agrees to Invest in Snapchat at Near $10B Valuation
m AFDB Boss Says Ebola Infected Countries May Lose1.5% GDP
e 'Game Of Thrones' HBO's Top Show: Stars React
t Samsung factory raided and $36million worth of devices stolen
e Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin: A Timeline
e Review: 'Blended,' 'X-Men' Miss the Mark for Families
e Jennifer Lopez's Flying 'F' On Live TV!
t iPhone 6 Vs. Amazon Kindle Smartphone: Pictures Of Upcoming Flagship  ...
e Fargo Season Finale Recap: Frozen Dope
b Twitter Slumps to New Lows as Lockup Expires
e These series and stars deserve Emmy nods
b US Stock-Index Futures Advance After Dow Increases to Record
e Fans note lack of women in 'Star Wars: Episode 7'
t FTC suing T-Mobile for bogus billing
t Valve Steam Machines pushed back to 2015
b Valeant To Launch Tender Offer For Allergan
e UE Freshmen Take the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge
t Google all set to launch Android TV, says report
b Carney signals earlier UK rate rise; sterling soars
t Pre-Order a Samsung Galaxy Tab S Tablet Now
b 3D Systems reports promising Q1 results
t PS4 sales pass 7 million mark, new video editing tool released
t Silicon Valley phone technology battle nears close
m Have an Itchy Rash? Your iPad Might Be to Blame
e Scarlett Johansson Stuns At Captain America: The Winter Soldier World Premieres
e Once Upon A Time In Wonderland Recap For March 27th, 2014: Season 1  ...
e Show tricks women into dating fake Prince Harry
e Game of Thrones: Why THAT Character Wasn't Included
t Impressive wingspan: World's largest flying bird was like nothing alive today
t Apple: Street Lauds IBM Deal; Goldman Ups Target to $107; Piper Skeptical
m American Academy of Dermatology Statement on Drinkable Sunscreen
t Get Virtual Reality on the Go (Maybe) with Vrizzmo
b BP gathers about 100 barrels from Whiting spill
b Marijuana Vending Machine 'ZaZZ' Makes Debut in Colorado
m New Wireless power breakthrough allows for 'electroceuticals'
m CDC Monitors Use Of Anti AIDS Pill In Four Cities, Including Philadelphia
e Chris Brown's Trial For D.C. Assault Charge Delayed
b Sisi slashes fuel subsidies in controversial move
e 'American Idol' 13 results: Top 9 elimination sees third time not so lucky
e Fed Up rails compellingly against Big Sugar
e Cornelius Gurlitt
t Windows XP support ends April 8, RBI warns banks on ATM operationsاے ٹی ایم  ...
e Seth MacFarlane Slapped With lawsuit Over Stealing 'Ted' Story From Web Series
t Nintendo Posts Third Annual Loss, Only 6.17 Million Wii U Units Sold
b Euro zone banks slow crisis loan returns as extra cash falls
b Teva Gets US High Court Hearing on Generic Copaxone Delay (4)
b Scientific Games and Bally Technologies agree $5.1bn merger
e Comedian John Pinette dead of pulmonary embolism, found in Pittsburgh hotel  ...
e J.Lo & Pitbull Unleash FIFA World Cup Song "We Are One (Ole Ola)"
t Why the Security Problem Has Shifted from Microsoft to Google
b BBM under consideration for desktop PCs, says BlackBerry CEO
e The Top 5 Worst Rated Adam Sandler Movies
t Nadella 'tunes' Microsoft, announces 3 leadership changes
t GM faulty ignition crashes increases to 47
m Report ranks health of Indiana counties
e Miley Cyrus 'can't quit crying'
e Prankster arrested for diving under actress' dress at Cannes
e The Obamas' Frankie Knuckles Condolence Letter
m Local Youth Celebrate "Kick Butts" Day
e Stones Roll Back as Tour Resumes
e Return of the Jedi: New Star Wars cast promising A New Hope for the franchise
e How to get your dream body and perfect your tennis game
t 'Hundreds' killed in Islamic extremist attack on Nigerian border, officials claim
e Revealed: Shia LaBeouf 'was banned from L.A. restaurant for urinating on a wall  ...
t Samsung Gear Fit Now Available At A 50% Discounted Price
b CURRENCIES: Dollar Falls Vs. Rivals; Euro Rebounds Above $1.36
e Rihanna wins Fashion Icon award at annual fashion event
t Sony To Discontinue The PSP In Japan, Ending An Era
e Report: Producer Busted in Jay Z Extortion Plot
e GAMES OF THRONES: THE LION AND THE ROSE
m Permanent DCF custody for Conn. teen
e Watch Angelina Jolie breathe fire, soar through the skies and take on an army in  ...
b Rice industry hopes for better trade deal with China
e Orange is the New Black season 2: Watch the new trailer
e This week's movie openings
m MERS cases in decline: WHO
t The Moon: A Visual Appreciation As We Approach the 45th Anniversary of Neil  ...
m Erectile dysfunction drug, Cialis to become OTC?
m Youthful insured not triggering cost spike
e Jessica Chastain offered 'True Detective' role: report
b Alibaba Chairman CEO Jack Ma's Letter to Employees Before IPO
e First Trailer For Jersey Boys Will Have You Singing And Dancing
e Rolf Harris will serve 3 years in jail for sex assaults
b Two Injured, Lanes Closed On 405 Due To Fallen Construction Beam
b Ford Motor profit driven down by North America, warranty costs
t Netflix price hike comes into being today, raised by €1 per month
e In Which Ellen Asks Jennifer Love Hewitt More About Her Boobs Than About Her  ...
e Matt Damon Uses Toilet Water In His ALS Ice Bucket Challenge! Hear Him  ...
b Unprecedented alliance forged in personal connections
t Meteor shower visible this weekend in northern Columbia sky
b French data shows possible debris from jetliner (has video)
t Samsung Unveils Simband Fitness Tracker, Digital Health Initiative
e Mad Men Creator Explains Sunday's Mid-Season Finale
e Is 'The Leftovers' The New 'Lost'? What To Expect From Damon Lindelof's New  ...
e 'Orphan Black' clones its success in Season 2
e Yahoo resurrects Community for sixth season
b 17 coal miners trapped underground in China
t Apple hopes Beats co-founder's 'ear' can help amid 'dying' music industry
e Jimmy Fallon Pulls '50 Shades Of Grey' Prank On The Roots
e Neil Patrick Harris leaving 'Hedwig' on Broadway
t Air quality declining in Lehigh Valley
b Commodities trading outlook: gold, silver and copper futures
m Kids these days: Smoking and drinking less, texting and gaming more
e McCarthy and Falcone are goofballs in matrimony
b Apple's Beats buy could produce compelling wearable gadgets
t 'Microsoft Should Try to Implement Layoffs as Quickly as Possible'
e Prince re-signs deal with Warner Bros. Records after 18 year split
e The Expendables are back! Sylvester Stallone
e The Best Twitter Reactions To Last Night's Explosive 'Scandal' Season Finale
e Oprah Winfrey Cancels LINDSAY LOHAN Reality Show
e In Bible epic revival, 'Noah' finds rough seas
e Lindsay Lohan - Lindsay Lohan 'Tortured' Ex With Break-up Song
b Existing-home sales highest in seven months
m An Easier Way to Delay Cutting the Cord, Study Show
b Wall Street posts modest gains with Dow closing at record high
t FCC chairman reportedly tweaks proposed net neutrality rules following backlash
e Flaming Lips Collaborating with Miley Cyrus on New Material
e VMA nominees 2014: Beyonce leads the pack, Iggy Azalea and Eminem close  ...
t Climate change is good for you! Wait: It's April 1st. Or is it?
e Miley Cyrus' New 'Sad Kitty' Inner Lip Tattoo - Is It Permanent?
e Leonardo DiCaprio challenges PM Stephen Harper
t More Chromebook support
b Glance: China's Alibaba has deep tentacles in China's retail and Internet giants
b Toyota fights Hyundai's new Sonata with refreshed Camry
b Proxy adviser seeks ouster of most of Target's board
e Santa Barbara shooting and stabbing spree leaves 7 dead, including gunman
m Active mind and body fend off Alzheimer's, study says
b Carney says rates could rise to 3% by 2017
e Megaupload sued for millions by six movie studios
b Microsoft earnings decline, still top Wall Street's estimate
e New-look Charlie Brown and Snoopy unveiled
t Microsoft files lawsuit against two foreign nationals and US domain hosting firm  ...
b U.S. New Home Sales Come In Above Estimates In April
m Numerous lapses at CDC found before anthrax incident-lawmakers
t Microsoft completes work on Windows Phone 8.1 core
e Is 'Heaven' Real, Or Just A Place On Earth?
m Recent Study Reveals New Amazing Benefit Of Dark Chocolate
e The Bryan Singer Allegations Are About White Male Privilege, Not Gay Culture
e Harrison Ford hurt on set of 'Star Wars'
b Mortgage Rates Continue Their Move Downward: 3/14 Update
e Katie Holmes Poses Topless for Glamour, Talks Dating After Tom Cruise Split
e Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, in stitches on school visit with John Bishop
e Shia LaBeouf taken away in handcuffs as he is arrested in New York
b Sorry, startups: Selling public parking places is illegal
e NPR Liberals Circle Wagons Around Stephen Colbert by Associating Him with Me
e Pharell Is So Happy That You're Happy, He Cried Tears of Joy!
e Party slaying mars awards
e Justin Bieber apologizes for visiting controversial shrine in Japan
e Allergy-hit Cyrus postpones US tour
e Fans gather in 'Field of Dreams' to celebrate movie's 25th anniversary
e Morrissey Tour 2014 Cancelled Entirely: 'World Peace is None of Your Business  ...
b Amazon Launches Shopping on Twitter
b Fed, with bond taper on autopilot, free to tackle big questions
t Apple Soars Following Q2 Top & Bottom Line Beat, Stock Split, Dividend Raise  ...
b Woman accused of shooting boyfriend now faces murder charge
b Pre-Open Stock Movers 8/1: (BYI) (SGMS) (LNKD) Higher; (BOTA) (WWWW  ...
m Hoyer Statement on Sebelius Departure, Burwell Nomination
e Madonna dresses up as Game of Thrones' Daenerys Targaryen for Purim
e Kate Middleton arrives at Wimbledon in same dress Kim Sears wore just days  ...
t Facebook launches new audio recognition feature for its iOS and Android apps
e 'The SpongeBob Squarepants Movie: Sponge Out of Water' trailer has landed
e Pok Pok's Andy Ricker wins second James Beard Award — but not for his food
e 'Seinfeld's' Newman declares he's not dead as car crash rumors circulate
t Letters: Discontinuing TV Times
e Adam Levine Dyes His Hair Platinum Blonde For Some Reason
m Escape Flu by Fist Bumping Instead of Hand Shaking
e Captain America 2, Winter Soldier, a review by Stewart Perrin
t Don't miss Mars
t Apple Entering Smart Home Tech Space - Analyst Blog
e Game of Thrones
e Beyoncé, Jay Z Tour Dates Announced: 'On The Run' Skips New York, Kicks off  ...
t Apple Hits 52-Week High on Growing Anticipation for iWatch
b Amazon Unveils 'Fire' Smartphone
t WinRT-powered Surface 2 gets a $100 price cut
t Chrome OS Receives “OK Google” Voice Search Control
t Gas Buddy: Huntsville Prices Increase 9.5 Cents per Gallon in One Week
t Why Apple really cares about your privacy
t Everything You Need To Know About The End Of Net Neutrality
b Russia's Bank Rossiya says works as usual after U.S. sanctions
b US Senate confirms Fischer as vice chairman of the Fed
t Comet hunter Rosetta sends first image post awakening
b PepsiCo's profit rises on snack sales, price hikes
e Chris Hemsworth's wife Elsa shares first picture of twin baby boys!
b Facebook's newly released FB Newswire feed becomes more intuitive
t Scientists discover what may be the biggest bird ever to fly
e 'New Kids On The Block' To Shoot Boat Cruise Reality Series
t Fossil of world s biggest flying bird found
t YouTube launches new studio app, adds features for donations, fan-made subtitles
e Meet Lea Michele's New Boyfriend Matthew Paetz (REPORT)
t YouTube Courts Twitch
b Forbes to Sell Majority Stake in Company
t Nathan Andrada – Fourth Estate Cooperative Contributor
b Wal-Mart Leads Dow's 1% Loss, but JC Penney Soars
b Crude prices up as militants close in on Baghdad
b Gold in largest drop since December
b Arkansas Unemployment Rate Dips Below 7 Percent
e Khloe Kardashian concerned for brother Rob
t Google Inc (GOOG) Acquires Titan Aerospace
t Aereo deemed illegal by Supreme Court
m Stomach cancer drug, Cyramza, receives FDA approval
t US: fuel prices on the rise on Iraqi turmoil
e Rob Kardashian Hooked On Sizzurp And Weed: Family Pressure For Rehab, But  ...
t Ancient Landscape Is Found Under 2 Miles Of Ice In Greenland
m British Man's Face Rebuilt With 3D Printed Parts
m Sunbeds and holidays abroad see number of skin cancer victims rise 600%
t Watch Lunar Eclipse Up Close At Tellus This Week
b Johnson Controls, Yanfeng partner to form automotive interiors joint venture
t New Startup Normal 3-D Prints Custom, Premium Earphones on Demand
t Samsung's answer to Google Glass leaked via patent filing
m Angelina Jolie Effect: Doctors warn over worrying rise in double mastectomies
t PS4 update firmware 1.7 “coming soon” so “hold tight” says Sony
e Jodie Foster Says "I Do" to Girlfriend Alexandra Hedison in Secret Wedding
b Valeant Pharmaceuticals International sweetens takeover offer for Allergan, sells  ...
e Dawn of the Planet of the Apes Review: More Valuable Primates
t Castle Road fete
e Movie Review: 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier'
b PG&E Accused Of Lying To Regulators During San Bruno Pipeline Blast  ...
t DNA Mugshot: How A Crime-Fighting Computer Sketch Program Can 'Predict A  ...
e Beyoncé, Miley Cyrus top Time's Most Influential People
b Detroit Pension Fund Supports 4.5 Percent Cut For Non-Uniformed Retirees
e 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' trailer: Will Bryan Singer's mutant epic find several  ...
m Doctors alter plan for preteen's weight loss surgery
t get MS Word, PowerPoint for free
e Tatum, Hill talk about '22 Jump'
e Extremely Thicke!
m Study Looking To See If E-Cigs Curb Smoking Habits
b US Patent Office Cancels Washington Redskins' Trademarks
t Miss the 'blood moon'? Check it out; find out when to see it nex - KSFY News  ...
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S first look: A worthy rival to the iPad
b Kroger Acquires Vitamin Retailer
e 'The Voice' Top 12 Results: The Edge of Glory
t Oculus Confirms Connect Developer Conference, RakNet Purchase
e ERYKAH BADU HILARIOUSLY CRASHES LIVE NEWS REPORT
e Shakira mouths the word 'f***' on live TV... after two of her singers land in the  ...
b Twitter sinks as user growth underwhelms
b Big Banks' Mixed Bag in Q1
e 'Game of Thrones' returns for fourth season
b Scammers posing as IRS agents
e Religion News in Brief
t AT&T to compete with Google Fiber in SA
e X-Men: Days of Future Past (3D)
t Google Glass gets 2GB RAM upgrade at Google I/O, angers early Explorers
t Surface Pro 3 bugs keep coming as overheating complaints arise
m Rare Newborn Twins Doing Well in Ohio
t UN climate change expert reveals bias in global warming report
e Hey 'Frozen' Fans: 'Once Upon A Time' Has Cast Kristoff And Anna
e NH Couple Charged By A Moose While Snowmobiling In Maine
m FDA Questions Use of Aspirin to Prevent First Heart Attack
t Project Morpheus, A Virtual Reality System Announced for PS4
t OpenSSL bug 'Heartbleed' puts https websites at risk
b Twitter Stock Plunges as Insider Lockup Expires
e Sir Paul Mccartney - Paul Mccartney Returns To The Stage In New York
t Facebook's Nearby Friends feature in US lets you find and track friends on a  ...
e Usher refuses to speak up for Justin Bieber over racist joke
m US House panel sets witness list for CDC anthrax hearing
b Visa and MasterCard freeze transactions at Russian banks
b Chicago's major airlines not top performers in new report
e How to Train Your Dragon 2: Visuals and characters will astound you
e Mickey Rooney dies
b Barclays posts 68% rise in first-half profit
t World ill-prepared to face new climate threats
b US gross domestic product grows at 4 percent rate in second quarter
t DirecTV Makes NFL Sunday Ticket Online-Only Streaming Easier
b US EPA Administrator to Deliver Remarks at George Mason University's  ...
t Facebook's study has even irked the journal that published it
m Many Women Don't Need Yearly Pelvic Exams, Doctors' Group Says
b Budget cuts must be gradual, OECD warns
b 10 things to know about corporate inversions
t Apple tipped to keep TV, iWatch away from WWDC this year
e Seth Rogen Goes Gaga for Tiny Co-Stars in Neighbors (Video)
b Credit Suisse CEO Brady Dougan says "very committed" to Swiss bank
b Judge declines to order 'park it now' notices for GM cars
t Power Play: 7 Scorching New Rides From the 2014 NY Auto Show
m Mozaffarian: FDA's plans to ask food industry to voluntarily lower sodium is good
b GM extends recalls to cover 4.8M vehicles
t Report: Microsoft's Chinese Offices Raided Over Antitrust Allegations
b Struggling to Recover from MH370 and MH17, Malaysia Airlines Goes Private
b Mobileye NV (MBLY) Prices 35.6M Common IPO at $25/Share; Tops Prior  ...
e Chris Brown's assault trial to start Monday
b Walmart Moves to Make Organic Foods More Affordable
t Microsoft unveils Xbox One in China amid government probe over business  ...
t The mystery of why Google+ failed has been solved
e '22 Jump Street' review: The right way to come back for more
e No, we shouldn't #CancelColbert
e Bad Words, reviewed: Jason Bateman stars as a deeply unlikeable man in  ...
e Lost Album Gives Voice To A Johnny Cash In Recovery
t Tesla Patent Giveaway Spurs Speculation Of Possible Deal With BMW
b Twitter's users and usage grow, investors cheer
e Demi Lovato and Selena Gomez Feud Update: Is Demi Abandoning BFF Selena  ...
b Housing market improves for first time in 2014
t LG G3 Vs Samsung Galaxy S5 Vs Apple iPhone 5S Vs Sony Xperia Z2 Vs HTC  ...
e Jennifer Lopez, Marc Anthony finally finalize divorce
e Church news, April 17: Clinton Chapel plans Clinton Fest
e Angelina Jolie and Stella McCartney team up for children's clothing line
e Kim Kardashian to marry in private ceremony this week
b Chinese plane spots 3 new floating objects that could be missing Malaysian plane
m Drinkable Sun Cream goes on Sale
e Reunited classic Fleetwood Mac lineup playing Wells Fargo Center in October
b Flying Outside Federal Law
b Snapchat draws $20 million more in investment
b Alstom mulls $13.5bn GE bid with Siemens on sidelines
e Movie review: Transcendence
m California reports whooping-cough epidemic
b Race to sign up for health care
t Google building truly driverless car with no steering wheel
b Sony Snags 'Flash Boys': High-Frequency Trading to Hit Big Screen
b FedEx Q4 Conference Call Highlights
b Iraq conflict 'threatens OPEC oil supply'
b Exchange Rates Today: Pound to Euro & Pound to Dollar Rally Following Gains  ...
e Demi Lovato stuns at the Trailblazers event
e MTV Movie Awards 2014: Best And Worst Dressed Celebs On The Red Carpet  ...
e 'I'm out of pocket €600 and that's without a hotel' - Garth Brooks fans travelling  ...
b Market closes firmly higher
e Hilary Duff Rocks Tiny Black Bikini in New Music Video: 'I'm Not a Huge Dieter'
e Watch 20 Complete Strangers Make Out And Wonder Why The Gay Ones Aren't  ...
e 'The Purge: Anarchy': Film Review
e 'Mrs. Doubtfire' sequel in the works more than 20 years after original, with Robin  ...
b Fed chair: Job market 'far from satisfactory', low rates still necessary
t Dropbox looks to extend lead in online storage with 'next chapter'
b GoPro (GPRO) Adds Former Microsoft (MSFT) Exec Tony Bates as Director  ...
t NJ Night Sky: A New Meteor Shower near the North Star
b No respite for borrowers; RBI keeps rates unchanged
b Last minute tips for filing taxes by April 15
b Snacks Help PepsiCo Come Alive
m WHO: Air pollution killed 7 million in 2012
e 'American Idol' Recap: The Top 10 Sing Billboard Hits
t Apple's new Swift language explained: A clever move to boost iOS
b Pfizer's promises to protect jobs are meaningless, says Labour
e Mariah Carey Remains Tight-Lipped Even After Nick Cannon Confirms They Are  ...
b March new home sales drop 14.5%
b Tesla Makes Deal To Save Its New York Stores
e Pregnant Kelly Clarkson Gives Birth to Healthy Girl, Announces Good News on  ...
b Chrysler Canada outsells Ford in March with boost from strong Jeep Cherokee  ...
b What brokerages are saying about the FOMC meeting on Wednesday
e TV: Purple Wedding Aftermath in Stills from 'Game of Thrones' Episode 4.03
m Diet and exercise are surprisingly effective in preventing Alzheimer's
t GM adds three more recalls of more than 450K
t Rio de Janeiro and Sao Paulo as Seen from the International Space Station
e This week's television highlights
b Bullard Says Economy Strong Enough to Handle 2015 Rate Rise
e Miss Piggy and Kermit and other HILARIOUS spoofs of Kim Kardashian Vogue  ...
e Clayton Kershaw Drills Jimmy Kimmel In The Face With A Baseball (Video)
b Key overseas finance markers
b AbbVie joins list of Bay State operations seeking foreign tax home
b General Motors Will Recall 1.76 Million Cars In Addition To Ignition Recall
t Darwin's finches get a helping hand from humans
b Japan May exports disappoint, cloud growth outlook
t I Conducted One Of The Final Pre-Facebook Oculus Rift Interviews Ever
b 3 Companies Applauding the Alcoa Earnings Report
e “Dawn of the Planet of the Apes” Viral Videos Tease Tomorrow's Trailer  ...
t Glass KitKat update this week but video calling removed
e iPhone 6 new design apparently confirmed by leaked case
b Microsoft unveils Office for iPad
e Fans given opportunity to appear in 'Star Wars: Episode VII'
b Shire up, Xaar down; FTSE falls as inflation drops
t In Only Three Weeks Titanfall Sold Over 925000 Physical Copies in the US
e Taylor Schilling and Orange Is The New Black co-stars Laverne Cox and Uzo  ...
e 'Noah' is not your typical robe-and-sandal Bible film
b Futures Buoyed By Johnson & Johnson, Tame Inflation and Monday's Strong  ...
e Miley Cyrus Gives the Bangerz Tour a Big Thumbs Up!
m Parents Love Their Phones, Tablets Even During Meals With Kids
t NEW YORK - Honda is recalling nearly 900000 minivans for a defect that could  ...
b Gold falls on Yellen's assessment of economy
t Social Media Today: FTC OKs Facebook Acquisition, New Twitter Alerts
t Apple Patent Surfaces For Location-Based Authentication
e The Harry Potter Spin-off Will be a Trilogy
e 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle' Movie Trailer: Megan Fox Appears Alongside  ...
b Faster production brings Boeing $965M 1Q profit
b Healthcare stocks hit US markets
t Let's Play Dark Souls 2, Ep. 4 - The Forest of Fallen Giants 16:49
m Family health: Skin care education aimed at reducing melanoma
t What's mitigation? A short and straightforward summary of the IPCC's latest report
e Robert De Niro to star alongside R-Patz in 'Idol's Eye'
b Productivity in US falls at 1.7 percent in first quarter; labor costs rise
e Imagine Bermuda Remembers Nadine Gordimer
e Vogue Cover with Kim Kardashian Draws Sarah Michelle Gellar's Ire
e Prince Harry & Cressida Bonas Wedding Rumors Heat Up
b Zynga names former Best Buy executive CFO
e Legend Winters extended reach of blues music
t Microsoft Completes Nokia Phone-Unit Purchase in Push to Mobile
b US businesses boost April stockpiles 0.6 percent
m They're back: West Nile bugs detected
e What moms want for Mother's Day
b Credit Suisse profits down 34 percent
e Stephen Colbert Reads Top 10 List He Wrote For David Letterman 17 Years Ago
b Geithner in Book Says US Considered Nationalizing Banks (1)
e Shia LaBeouf's Rap Sheet: Five Arrests Since 2005
e Tampa native could be picked on 'Bachelorette' finale
e St. Peter's Episcopal Church offers Holy Week services
t Will Amazon Fire ignite consumer passion?
b Allergan rejects Valeant takeover bid
e Murderous mirror revealed in tightly told tale 'Oculus'
t Nintendo plans its own NFC-compatible figures and games for launch at E3
t Early Watch Dogs Reviews Synthesized – Game is Indeed Similar to GTA 5
e Kate Middleton Attacked Down Under As Australian Media Ridicule Her 'Modesty'
e The Originals Recap: Season 1, Episode 16 — Farewell, Rebekah
t Amazon could shake up sector with smartphone
t Largest car seat recall in American history
e Don't Worry, 'Frozen' Is the Highest Grossing Animated Movie of All Time
t Apple sold 44 million iPhones in three months
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 will have a 5.7-inch 2560×1440 pixel display
b India's manufacturing growth eases from 1-year high in March
m You might owe dark chocolate's heart benefits to bacteria in your tummy: Sweet  ...
b Markets Open Higher; Merck Posts Upbeat Profit
b Greece taps bond market for 1st time in 4 years
e Watch Seth Rogen's Very Famous Friends Crash His SNL Monologue
e N.Korea Threatens Revenge Over Kim Assassination Film
b Meg Whitman appointed chairman, president and CEO of HP
e Is The Star Wars: Episode 7 Cast Sexist?
t Facebook's Slingshot Launches to Take On Snapchat
e NO TRAVEL BAN TO THAILAND
e The Bachelorette 2014 Season 10 Spoilers: When Is Brett Melnick Eliminated by  ...
e OMG: Nicki Minaj's Dress Burst Open At VMAs: Video!
t Microsoft Office Releases New Software for iPad
e Lynne Barrett-Lee: Easter is the time you can bestow so much happiness with so  ...
b Draghi keeps the balancing act going
b Carlyle hires JPMorgan's Cavanagh as co-president
b Thoughts About Norm Borlaug On : The 100th Birthday Of "The Man Who Fed  ...
b Global cues to guide Indian equities over the next week
e REVIEW: Lady Gaga – G.U.Y Music Video
e Downey Jr's son arrested on drug charges
m Blood Test Could Predict Suicide Risk
b Flight MH370: China ship searching for objects in new area
b Oracle's Neutral Rating Reaffirmed at Credit Suisse (ORCL)
e Why I Cannot Accept the Ice Bucket Challenge
e Jay-Z says 'I DO'! Rapper WILL be best man at Kanye's wedding to Kim  ...
e Ryan Lewis Asks New Yorkers If They Know Who He Is On 'The Tonight Show  ...
e Lindsay Lohan's Ex-Lovers Revealed On Growing List, Includes Ashton Kutcher  ...
b Citing 'family-friendly' environment, Target asks customers to leave their guns at  ...
b Amazon e-book refunds, credits being issued to consumers
t Amazon 3-D Smartphone Update: AT&T Will Sell Mobile Device, Ramping Up  ...
e 2014 MTV VMAs Red Carpet
m Mayor Thomas Menino Battling Advanced Cancer
e Game of Thrones Director Explains Why We Didn't See The Book Epilogue
b UPDATE 1-US top court rules against Argentina in bonds discovery case
m Rare infection takes young girl's life, new Alzheimer's research
t Watch Dogs PC version unplayable for some
e Men from Gwyneth Paltrow's past
b UK consumer prices drop sharply in May
e Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin Sang "Cruisin'" Duet Just Two Weeks Ago
b AAA predicts a surge in travel
m The Christie-and-Kasich Tax Show
t Microsoft says super-cheap Windows devices are on the way
e Lindsay Lohan reveals she had a miscarriage while filming her reality show
b Glencore To Buy Chad Oil Firm Caracal For $1.3B
t Anyone Can Buy Google Glass Today, Starting Now
b Beef prices sizzle to 27-year high
e X-MEN DIRECTOR ACCUSED OF DRUGGING AND RAPING A TEENAGE BOY
t AT&T Adds HTC One?? (M8) to Industry Leading Device Portfolio and the  ...
m Dark Chocolate Pills Could Lead To Healthier Hearts
t Home / PlayStation / The Weapons And Armor Of Destiny
t Next Nexus device believed to have "flounder" codename [UPDATE]
e At the Movies
e Macklemore getting flak for what some are calling 'anti-Semitic costume'
t Take a T-Rex and a chicken and you'll see how dinosaurs shrank, survived and  ...
b 24 Hours In 2 Minutes
m Electronic cigarettes makers under fire in US Senate
e Kim and Kanye: A love story
t iPhone 6 Details: Release Date, Sapphire Crystal Displays, Specs, Improved  ...
t New Google Now Feature Aims at Amazon
t Microsoft is about to leave one-third of all PCs vulnerable to hacking
t Harley-Davidson's Heavyweight Motorcycles Aren't Leading The Parade On Wall  ...
m Health Officials Urge Greater Protection From Virus-Carrying Mosquitoes
e Paul McCartney helps man propose to his girlfriend during NY concert
e Paul Walker will be remembered at the 2014 MTV Movie Awards Sunday.
m Local GA counties ranked by health factors
t SoftBank chief woos US, with T-Mobile in view
e Amanda Bynes shares bikini photos online
e '2014 MTV Movie Awards' Live on Vh1
t First Impressions of LG's First Android Wear Device, the G Watch
t `Office for iPad` hits top spot in Apple's free app category
t Nokia, Microsoft complete $7.5B cellphone deal (Update 2)
t Review: Nexus 4 & Samsung Galaxy S III – Design, Hardware and Price
e Nobel-winning novelist Gabriel Garcia Marquez dies
m Study ties antidepressant use to autism risk in boys - WSFA.com: News Weather  ...
t Backup cameras could be standard by 2018
t Halo: The Master Chief Collection rumored for Xbox One
b US Treasury urges Congress to act on corporate tax dodge deals
m Schumacher's 'medical' documents stolen, offered for sale: Management
e Aereo's Kanojia: 'No Plan B'
e Kim Kardashian 'over the moon' about VOGUE cover
t Artificial DNA Added to Microbes
e Posthumous album of Michael Jackson material coming out in May
b Panera removing artificial additives from food
e Alicia Keys is pregnant with second child - see the baby bump photo!
t What Elon Musk did — and did not — do when he “opened” Tesla's patents
b Wages beat inflation as unemployment falls below 7%
b Target bans firearms in stores
b Red Lobster restaurant chain sold for $2.1 billion
t For Northeast, a harsh vision of climate change
b US dollar holds gains against euro
t Which Samsung Smartphones Could Be Permanently Banned? Full List  ...
m New York's highest court lets soda ban go flat
m Colon cancer rates declining among older Americans
m urgency for mental illness laws
t 'Heartbleed' vulnerability prompts need to monitor web use, DHS says
e Selena Gomez Happy & Checking Out Cute Guys, Without Justin Bieber
e Star Wars director gives fans shot at cameo
b Twitter bolsters board with ex-Goldman banker
e Celebrity reactions to the death of Elaine Stritch
t Google developing tablet with advanced vision capabilities - WSJ
e Mickey Rooney: Mourned by Celebrities on Twitter
e The-Dream Turns Self in on Domestic Assault and Strangulation Charges
b Zillow to Purchase Rival Trulia in $3.5 Billion Deal
e Bette Midler, Cyndi Lauper & More React to News of Maya Angelou's Passing
m Uganda: People in Uganda Will Die Because of Anti-Gay Law
b Coca-Cola Drops Flame Retardant From Powerade Drink
e 3 quick tips to better your Google search
b Meet Yalie Tsai, Alibaba's lacrosse-playing mega dealmaker
b Economy will rebound after rough winter, OECD says
e Ciara & Future Are Parents To A Baby Boy
m Earthquakes Feared in Oklahoma
t eBay cyber attack: Millions of users told to change their passwords after hackers  ...
t Tumblr rolls out two-factor authentication for the cool kids
e Katherine Heigl feels like her career 'suddenly turned' on her, felt 'betrayed'
t Strawberry Moon sighting? Share your photos
e The Kardashians Take Paris For Kimye's Wedding
e Wayne Knight Dead? Not So Fast, Seinfeld Star Tweets!
t Today in APIs: Instagram Looking to Replace Foursquare API, and 8 New APIs
t Dropbox debuts new photo gallery Carousel and Mailbox apps
m Maternal mortality cut by almost half in Pakistan in fifteen years
e Rob Kardashian Into Drugs
e Where to celebrate Cinco de Mayo in NYC
b Train Nearly Takes Out Senator During Safety Press Conference
e Miley Cyrus Possessed by the Devil, According to Woman from Her Hometown
e Michael Stipe, Chris Martin, Bruce Springsteen To Induct Rock Hall Class Of 2014
e 'The Walking Dead' Finale Devours 15.7 Million Viewers
e Jennifer Lawrence fesses up to Oscars 'puke'
b US Producer Prices Surge Driven by Steep Rise in Cost of Services
b Fannie, Freddie could send $179.2 bln to taxpayers -White House
b Burger King in talks to acquire Tim Hortons
e Muppets Most Wanted Exclusive: Director Dishes Those Iconic Cameos!
t PokerStars Proactive with Heartbleed Bug
e Anna Wintour: Kanye did not beg me for Kim K cover
b With eye on growth, China to boost urban residents to 60% of population by 2020
e 'Star Wars' production halted for 2 weeks
b Euro zone CPI rises to 0.7% in April
e Prince Harry lookalike at center of deceptive dating TV series
e Chris Nolan Built Giant, Practical Spaceship Interiors For Interstellar
b Uber Wins a Challenge by Cabdrivers in London
e Beyonce and Jay Z Close 2014 BET Awards: Watch the Performance!
t Ham Radio "Field Day"
b What's Behind Murdoch's Bid for Time Warner?
b The White House's faulty math on gas exports
b Nissan Benefits From China Growth as Profits Gain 37%
e Dina Lohan spared jail for DWI, gets community service
t US Stocks Fairly Priced at These Levels: Del Ama
m Saudi MERS death toll surges to 282
b Energy Future Holdings Files For Bankruptcy; Power Production Won't Be Affected
m E-Cigarettes: The Next Big Smoking Poison
e Guardians of the Galaxy: Space adventure boldly goes down dead-end path
e Wallach 'The Ugly' no more
e Jennifer Esposito Blasts Ex Bradly Cooper In New Memoir
b Ikea to boost minimum wage for workers
e Oprah Winfrey Collaborates With Starbucks for Tea Line
e MET Gala 2014: Kim Kardashian & Beyonce Get Cozy Behind the Stage  ...
t 4K Ultra HD is five years away from the mainstream, says Netflix
e Abramson: I'm not removing my NYT tattoo
t Total lunar eclipse: One over, three more to go
e Former 'GMA' host Joan Lunden says she has breast cancer
b Volatility Jumps From Currencies to Bonds Before ECB Meeting
t Smartwatch Deals This Week on Amazon - Pricing Slashed on Samsung Galaxy  ...
t Toyota to pay $1.2 billion in largest criminal penalty ever to an automaker
e Zac Efron socked in street fight
b Bakken oil fields of North Dakota, Montana mark billionth barrel of crude oil  ...
e Who Wins the Bachelorette 2014? Spoilers Reveal RealitySteve Winner, Top 13
e Prince unveils surprise single 'The Breakdown' - listen
t Video Games News And Rumors 3/20/14
e 'Love & Hip Hop' Star Shot En Route to Mom's Funeral
m Plan Offered To Solve Justina Pelletier Custody Dispute
m RECALL: Giant Eagle, Target, Trader Joe's hummus
e Jennifer Aniston Doesn't Want You To Tell Her She Looks Good "For Her Age"
t Samsung Galaxy S5: 10 Amazing Hidden Features You Never Knew About
b SunTrust and Citi Mortgage Rates Summary for Thursday, April 17
e Anita Baker on Arrest Warrant: 'I Feel Like I'm Being Terrorized'
b Whole Foods Market planning new store for west Cary
e Craig Ferguson to step down from 'The Late Late Show'
e Conan: Colbert Is the 'Right Person' for Late Show
e Thornton stars in 'Fargo'
e Robin Williams set to come back with Mrs Doubtfire 2 sequel
e Dancing With the Stars Results Tonight: Cody Simpson and Witney Carson  ...
b Euro-$US stable ahead of eurozone data
m Legalizing Medical Marijuana May Reduce Crime, According to New Study
b FOREX-Euro falls to 3-month low on German data, EU election uncertainty
t Police sent to enforce car ban as Paris battles smog
b S Africa metal workers 'reject wage offer'
m VIDEO: San Diego Zoo veterinarians performs rare C-section on gorilla
t Facebook Goes Down 20 Minutes, a Day After It Launches Its Network Gear
e Ex-TSA Screener Gets 70 Months in Prison for Drug Conspiracy
m Substance from pine bark is a potential source for treating melanoma
m DFA, DOH release guidelines on MERS-CoV
e Andi Dorfman Acts Like a Total Hypocrite After 'Bachelorette' Backlash (PHOTO)
t Honda recalls 2 million vehicles worldwide over airbag defect
t Moon Landing 45th Anniversary: Experience Apollo 11 Moonwalk As It Happened
b Watch for the signal, not for the action
e Ben Affleck - Las Vegas Casino Bosses Dismiss Ben Affleck Ban
b Here's How Amazon's Clever New Shop-by-Twitter Service Works
e Did Beyonce sing about Jay Z's cheating with change of song lyrics?
m Bill To Overhaul Mental Health Care Draws Praise, Criticism
b Overnight Markets: Wall Street gains on manufacturing data
b JC Penney shares surge but company "looks like a cadaver" to Howard Davidowitz
e George Clooney Throws Tantrum At Vegas Dinner After Steve Wynn Insults  ...
t Nintendo posts first quarter loss despite Wii U sales rise
e Kate Winslet Explains Why She Named Her Son Bear Blaze: 'My Husband and I  ...
e Jack White Teases 'Lazaretto' Album With New Track 'High Ball Stepper' (LISTEN)
b EUROPE MARKETS: Draghi Comments Spark Gains For Europe Stocks
b Maryland-based cab companies want to take Uber to court
b New York Times: China and Russia are said to reach major gas deal
t Documents detail another delayed recall
t Canada Revenue Agency website. (SCREENSHOT)
e Looks Like 'Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.' And 'Captain America 2' Crossover Is  ...
e Rapper and Source founder Benzino in critical condition after shooting
b Inflation rises to 1.8%: Explore the key data with our interactive tools
t Google partners with Novartis to create smart contact lens
e Miley Cyrus' Maserati Taken by Burglars in LA
t RCMP asked CRA to delay news of stolen SINs, says has identified possible  ...
t Hot and Hungry – How to Stop Climate Change Derailing the Fight against Hunger
t Apple Updates MacBook Airs with Faster Haswell Processors and $100 Price  ...
t GM halts sales of Cruze over airbag concerns
b US economy grew at 2.6 pct. rate in Q4 as consumer spending rose faster than  ...
b UPDATE 1-Vietnam, China trade accusations after Vietnamese fishing boat sinks
t OnePlus One increasing production, now estimated to be available 'late May'
b US CPI rises 0.1% in February; core prices inch up 0.1%
b Corn Trades Near Four-Month Low as U.S. Crop Conditions Improve
t UK buyers of Samsung Galaxy TabPRO 8.4 get £100 Google Play voucher
e TV Preview- Eurovision takes place on Saturday!
e Miss USA Nia Sanchez Stands By 'Self Defense' And 'Martial Arts' As A Way To  ...
m The CDC really, REALLY wants you to quit smoking with graphic campaign
t April Xbox One update improves Kinect, adds friend notifications
t Apple Inc. (AAPL): Foxconn is hiring 100000 new employees for iPhone 6  ...
t Jury leaves damages Samsung Electronics must pay Apple Inc. unchanged at  ...
t Microsoft will no longer look through your Hotmail to investigate leaks
m U.S. Case of Deadly MERS Sparks Call for Hearings
b Gold Prices Steady Today Ahead of FOMC Minutes
e Adam Levine Goes Blonde
m Losing the Ebola PR War
e Will Arnett files for divorce
b GSK In £8.5bn Deal With Swiss Rival Novartis
b Health sign-ups extended for some
b JC Penney Company Shares Gap Up After Better-Than-Expected Earnings (JCP)
e The Amazing Spider-Man 2 for September release
b Sun may review Ranbaxy's portfolio: Pharmasianews
e Paul Walker photo on Facebook shared by 'Fast and Furious' star Vin Diesel
t NHTSA Announces New Initiatives to Raise Recall Awareness
t Report: Apple set to unveil smart home automation platform at WWDC
e Movie review: '22 Jump Street' does it again, even better
e 'The Flash': First full costume photo of Grant Gustin
t Astronomers discovered Earth-like planet in a Binary Star System
e The Leftovers Episode 1 Spoilers/Preview: Sudden Departure of Loved Ones  ...
e Jesse Winchester - Singer/songwriter Jesse Winchester Dies At 69
b How does the Sun Pharma-Ranbaxy deal change the game for the other players  ...
b Federal Reserve plans to end QE in October
e What to Watch on Tuesday: FX debuts 'Tyrant'
t Cheapskates, rejoice! A sub-$100 Google Nexus phone could be on the way
e Robin Thicke Names New Album 'Paula' After Paula Patton
t Brendan Eich Resigned From His Position as Mozilla CEO
e HBO renews 'Game of Thrones' through seasons five and six
m Lilly Are In Pursuit Of Licensing For Cialis
e Kate O'Mara, actress on 'Dynasty,' dies at 74
b Hewlett-Packard to Cut Thousands of Jobs as Earnings Miss
t US stocks slip below record levels
e Game Of Thrones Recap–Who Killed Joffrey?
e Drew Barrymore Welcomes Daughter Number Two!
b Tokyo stocks up 0.60% by break
m Unglue yourself from the chair, lower the risk of cancer, heart disease
e James Franco rants about 'New York Times' review on Instagram
b Washington May Be OK With Inversions, but Are Consumers?
e Game of Thrones season 4: Police crack down on illegal download websites
b Wal-Mart jumps into money transfer
t First Wafer-Scale, Single-Crystal, Monolayer Graphene Made in Bulk
t Nokia Z Launcher for Android is out now in alpha phase
b Facebook buys video ad technology firm
t Climate change impacting entire planet, raising risk of hunger, floods, conflict  ...
t Facebook Can Now Listen To Everything You Listen To
b Deals of the day- Mergers and acquisitions
t Ford recalls nearly 435000 vehicles for rust, seat problems
e Diane Sawyer Leaves “World News”
b Unilever sales fall as currency weakness weighs
m Male smokers can pass on health risks
m Does diabetes treatment work?
b Target 'respectfully' asks customers to leave firearms at home
t At Large with Tom Williams > > There's an app for that
e Star Wars: Episode VII shoot has begun, cast mainly in place
e CORRECTED-Singer-producer Pharrell Williams to join NBC show 'The Voice'
e Khloe Kardashian and new man French Montana are seen jetting out of LA
t Florida official: Texas will win SpaceX launch site
e Guardians of the Galaxy: Howard the Duck Cameo is Leaked; Internet is Baffled
e THE KARDASHIANS: THE WEDDING IS HAPPENING
e Rock and Roll Hall of Fame 2014 inductions: Courtney Love booed, Kiss makes  ...
t Apple Releases iOS 7.1 Update With Bug Fixes and CarPlay Support
b GoPro Stock Jumps First Day of Trading
e Mid- Season Review: 'Mad Men'
t Pioneer Brings Apple CarPlay to Existing In-Dash Receivers
b Will Markets Momentum Improve On Steady Economic Data?
m There's a promising new malaria vaccine made from the blood of children
e LR student makes finals in Jeopardy teen edition
b IBM's Nine-Quarter Sales Slump Overshadows Cloud Growth
m Islamabad to get modern regional blood centre
t Apple, Comcast Taking on Netflix
t SS City of Chester, Sunken 1888 Shipwreck, Found Near Golden Gate Bridge
b Wal-Mart jumps into money transfer business
b There must be 50 ways to channel my emotions
e Cool Videos: Two Chimps watch Planet of the Apes and don't take out everyone
e Oscar-winner Richard Attenborough dies at 90
t Instagram Adds 10 Photo-Editing Tools
e Will North Korea Really Declare War Over Seth Rogen's 'The Interview'?
e Colbert Denied Writing Racist Tweet About Asians That Sparked Outrage Online  ...
b Rallying words for rule of law
t Driverless cars heading to public roads
e My relationship with Jennifer still going strong: Jon Hamm
t 'Right to be forgotten' leads Google to conceal certain stories from UK media sites
e Lindsay Lohan Files 'Grand Theft Auto V' Lawsuit
e Emmys spotlight TV's changing landscape
m FDA Pulls Back in Aged Cheese Fight
e Comedian Stephen Colbert randomly insults Idaho
e Levi CEO's jeans go unwashed for year; no 'skin disease' yet
m DEKA Robotic Arm System Receives FDA Approval
t Despite reports, feds deny NSA exploited "Heartbleed" bug
e Disney's Zendaya Coleman to play Aaliyah in Lifetime biopic
b Wal-Mart offers lower-fee money transfer service
t US Automaker Marks 50 Years of Classic Mustang
m Still place for flu anti-virals - doctor
b Greenpeace loses $5.2M on rogue employee trading - NBC29 WVIR  ...
t Monster Chicken labeled as 'Chicken From Hell'
m Health Department WARNING: 3 imported chikungunya cases in Pa.
b Fed statement provides fodder for hawks and doves
b Missing MH370: Australia to serve as base in hunt for wreckage
b Fed gives banks 2 more years on risky securities
e AR Rahman prefers films with song-dance for more longevity
t Netflix price increase kicks in today
t Apple accuses Samsung of making false, misleading opening statement in $2 bn  ...
e 'Shield' Star Michael Jace Charged in Shooting Death of Wife
b Earnings lift S&P 500 and Nasdaq
e Kim Kardashian's Worst Fears for Her Wedding Might Be Realized
b 3 reasons not to freak out about -2.9% GDP
t Frozen Dwarf Planet Discovered On The Outer Edges Of The Solar System
b 25 detained as part of probe into Soma mine accident
m 'Awesome!' Justina Pelletier shouts on way home to family after 16-month ordeal
b Oracle Misses on High Expectations
b US: June light vehicle sales better than forecast
b Euro stabilizes but still in the doldrums on ECB threat
e Jon Hamm On Working As Set Dresser On Softcore Porn: 'It Was Soul-Crushing'
m Male presence may influence biomedical research
b In the South China Sea, It's Divide et Impera
b General Motors recalls 3.4M more US cars for ignition switch problems
e Paul Walker's mother wants guardianship of his daughter
t Costs of climate change steep
e Watch Josh Kaufman Sing on The Voice 2014 Live Finals, May 19, 2014 (VIDEO)
t GM recalls 1.3 million cars over power-steering problem
t 12.9 inch iPad Pro to see an early 2015 release
e WSOP 2014: Alex Kravchenko Deep in PLO Championship!
b Euro zone shares rise as ECB's Draghi opens door to June move
e 'Dancing With the Stars' Recap: Dance Bomb
b DENVER (AP) – The Colorado Symphony Orchestra's bring-your-own-cannabis  ...
e Names+Faces: Paul McCartney hospitalized as virus worsens
e Watch Conan O'Brien get 50 celebrity cameos for the MTV Movie Awards
e The Biggest Fashion Moments From the 2014 VMAs
b Biotech Plunging With Netflix as Traders Sell Winners
e Game of Thrones: George RR Martin hits out at most shocking scene yet
b 'Adjusted' figures boost London and Lagos
m Fat Losses Kicks Off an Obesity Awareness Campaign
t Emperor penguins in danger of extinction due to climate change
b How a missing plane eased religious tensions in Malaysia
b Apple confirms acquiring Beats for $3 billion
e Ice Cube Says He Was 'Robbed' At The MTV Movie Awards Thanks To Paul  ...
m Helping alcoholics stay on the wagon
e 'Million Ways to Die' is mostly tumbleweeds
e Game of Thrones spoiler alert nitwits need to read this: Truths everyone must  ...
b Supreme Court limits existing EPA climate rules on power plants
e Feeding a festival: what it takes to feed all the workers, volunteers at the Hangout
m E-Cigarette Industry Should Be Regulated, Democrats Say; Lawmakers Call For  ...
b Alcoa swings to 2Q profit of $138M, revenue flat - KTVN Channel 2 - Reno  ...
t Heartbleed bug makes online accounts vulnerable
t NASA unveils "global selfie" made on Earth Day
t Foreign Domino's Pizza Franchises Hacked And Held For Ransom
b Dow Today: Travelers Companies (TRV) Higher
b US trade deficit falls in May
t Mars Probe May Be In United Arab Emirates' Future
e Kim Kardashian Hires Jennifer Aniston's Hair Stylist for Wedding, Rehearsal  ...
b Publicis and Omnicom call off $35 billion merger
m UN: Flight bans hamper effort to stamp out Ebola
b No deal: SEPTA Regional Rail workers announce strike
b Trademark board strips Redskins protections, calls nickname 'disparaging' | The  ...
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Video Review
b EPA to propose 30% cut to coal emissions
e Selena Gomez's Parents Like Justin Bieber Wayyy Less Than His Parents Like  ...
e Saturday Night Live
e Jude Law gorges on cheeseburgers
e Kris Jenner Reunites with Bruce Jenner? Reality Star Flaunts Wedding Ring in  ...
e Kanye West Rants At London's Wireless Festival
t NEW YORK MOTOR SHOW: VW rejuvenates Jetta
e Idris Elba Welcomes Baby Winston -- See the First Adorable Pic!
e Zac Efron abs trending, Rita Ora rips shirt off at MTV Movie Awards 2014, real or  ...
e 'Get on Up' movie review: Brown's life lacks dramatic arc
e Selena Gomez Sick With Worry Over Justin Beiber?
e Kickstarter campaign raises $10000 for man hoping to make potato salad
t T-Mobile US's (TMUS) CEO John Legere on Q2 2014 Results - Earnings Call  ...
t New Twitter Profiles Now Available to Everyone
m 1.6 Percent of U.S. Population Identifies as Gay, CDC Health Survey Finds
m AstraZeneca Provides Update On Its Oncology Pipeline - Quick Facts
m Insulin pumps may control blood sugar better for some with Type 2 diabetes
m Asian meth demand drives record production: UN
e Stars snubbed by Tony Awards
m Suspects charged in fatal drive-by shooting of 14-year-old girl
e Did Brad Pitt Hurl Matthew McConaughey A Beer In New Orleans?
b China's manufacturing PMI close to stabilisation in May
t Coders behind the Blackshades Trojan arrested in global operation
t Microsoft Surface Mini to release at the May 20 event
e Captain America Star Comes From a Line of Real-Life Captain Americas
b John Kerry 'excited' about Narendra Modi, seeks India-US reboot
m Highly fortified cereals called risky for kids
m Extreme Obesity May Cut 14 Years Off One's Life
b Draghi signalls action on deflation/ high euro within two months
e Johnny Depp talks 'Transcendence' and future tech
e Nirvana, Kiss and the E Street Band join rock hall of fame
e Rarely seen Monet auctioned for $27M
t GM legal department could be getting 'overhauled' as company continues to  ...
b HSBC: China manufacturing improves
m 'Sober smartphone APP aids boozers' recovery'
t Review – Samsung Galaxy Note 4 vs Galaxy Note 3 – Software, Updates  ...
m VIDEO: Stroke 'selfie' helps save Canadian woman's life
m Women Chose Double Mastectomy Because of Fear, Study Shows
t Ancient Earth-sized 'diamond' discovered in space
b Oil engineer Kentz bows to Canada bid from SNC Lavalin
b Medicaid expansion still possible, senator urges
t AMG mulls more four-cylinder engine equipped models
m $1000 a pill? It's a US problem, pro says
t 'Watch Dogs' Video: Parkour, Real-Life Hacking Demonstrated During Ubisoft's  ...
b Jet magazine to stop printing print magazines, transform into digital magazine  ...
t Yes, Snapchat misled you about how private your snaps are
b Taco Bell takes another shot at McDonald's in new commercial
t Finding aliens possible in 20 years if funding is right: Astronomers
t All-New HTC One: Is It Really A Galaxy S5 & iPhone 5S Killer?
e MTV Movie Awards To Reunite 'Mean Girls' Cast: Report
b BlueBay, BlackRock See Euro-Area Bond Rally Fading Out
t Samsung Unveils New Tablets With Richer Colors
e Jason Bateman directs first feature film with 'Bad Words'
e Elegant garden at Louvre Museum infested with rats
e Girl & Boy Meet Fox & Friends; Rowan Blanchard & Ben Savage Promote 'Girl  ...
t Mercedes Recalls 284K Sedans To Fix Rear Lights
t UK MPs say IPCC climate change report's findings must be accepted
b Live-Blogging Piketty: Reading Pt. II
b Aborted landing narrowly avoids jets' collision at Barcelona airport
m Ohio Mumps Outbreak Up To 56 Reported Cases
b Hillshire Farms: Pilgrim's Pride Ups Bid to $7.7 Billion
e Cyrus still hospitalised, cancels another show
e Mich. woman unseats 'Jeopardy!' champ Chu
e Selena Gomez Thinks Miley Cyrus Diss is 'Lame?'
m In the World
t San Francisco Leader Proposes City Kill Switch Law
e DIRECTV, WeatherNation Ink Deal
e 'Neighbors' review: Seth Rogen, Zac Efron wage laugh-filled war 0
b Candy Crush Is Harder Than It Sounds - NP Hard
b Despite ease of Pulaski Skyway shutdown's first day, drivers and officials brace  ...
t Apple's Siri Could Team Up With IBM's Watson
e Do We Really Need Adam Richman Off The Air For Trolling?
e Popular this week
b Reserve Bank leaves cash rate unchanged
e Kim Kardashian Confirms She's Not Married to Kanye West — Yet
e REVIEW: HBO's 'The Normal Heart' Is an Overdramatic Mess and a Missed  ...
m West Nile Virus Found In Toledo Area Mosquitos
t Facebook Sought Out by Modi to Improve Indian Governance
b Ontario economic forecast for 2014 to 2018
t Climate change is putting world at risk of irreversible changes, scientists warn
e First 'Gotham' trailer features rogue gallery around Ben McKenzie's Jim Gordon
e Drake Takes His ESPY Awards Hosting Duties To The Next Level With These  ...
b Alstom to consider $17bn General Electric offer
b Euro zone inflation seen well below 2 pct in 2014, 15 -Nowotny
b Posted by Parvez Jabri
t HTC announces the new One with depth-sensing camera and larger screen
t Tesla's plan to share its tech is bold, exciting, and a...
t Big Four U.S. Carriers Now Accept 911 Emergency Text Messages
t Over 3 hours of Watch Dogs gameplay footage right here, including some brand  ...
t PlayStation Network is up and running following DDoS attack
e Game of Thrones Couple of the Week: Tyrion and Shae Are Never Getting Back  ...
e Game of Thrones Season 4 sets new record high for HBO
e 'How I Met Your Mother' creator: 'The less we say about the finale, the better'
t Chevrolet Corvette Z06 Convertible
b No bonuses to Sony's executives for third consecutive year
e Justin Bieber agrees to plea bargain deal in Miami DUI case
m Twin girls breathing after rare condition birth
e Gwar frontman Dave Brockie found dead at the age of 50
b Gov Hard Drive Crashes That Erase Corruption Emails Spread to EPA
e 'You Should Honour People Before They Die': Ice Cube BLASTS MTV Movie  ...
e Russell Crowe: 'Noah' Criticism 'Bordering on Absolute Stupidity' (Video)
b Why Allergan Inc. Shares Skyrocketed
e Contract disputes delay Big Bang
b Synchrony Seeks Market Value of as Much as $22 Billion in IPO
e Southwest Airlines flight attendant entertains passengers during safety check
b Cynk Technology Is The New Scheme In Town
b Stock Update: International Business Machines Corporation (NYSE:IBM  ...
t Whaling to be pared, not halted
e Eric Bana: 'Deliver Us From Evil' star finds his New York City voice
b Sinkhole Threatens Homes
e 'Jupiter Ascending' Trailer 2: Channing Tatum and Mila Kunis Expand Your  ...
e When dumped, 'show them what you are made of' – fired NY Times editor tells  ...
b Chase, US Bank Mortgage Interest Rates Today Mar 22
t Apple's mojo returns as stock shows healthy gains
t Air bag accident, lawsuit led to GM Cruze recall
e Beyoncé 'Secretly' Apartment Shopping Alone, Fueling Rumors of Divorcè
t Automakers to recall air bags in humid parts of US - WNEM TV 5
m Experts: Oscar Pistorius not mentally ill when killing Reeva Steenkamp
e 'Happy' continues run at BET Awards
t Nexus 7 bought from Google Play gets 3-month All Access
t Nintendo Apologises over Same Sex Marriage Situation
m New study discovers biological basis for magic mushroom 'mind expansion'
b It's Official: Microsoft Office for iPad Is Alive!
b US productivity fell at 1.7 percent rate in 1Q
e Best Met Gala Dresses Of All Time
e Gwar singer Dave Brockie dead at 50
t Ford Recalls 435000 Vehicles To Fix Rusted Frame Parts and Seats
b U.S. equities tick higher after encouraging earnings
b Boeing raises 2014 profit forecast
t Chief of Samsung mobile disappears
m Organic Mangoes Recalled: FDA
m Smoking Bans Reduce Premature Births And Childhood Asthma Attacks By 10  ...
e Review: X-Men: Days of Future Past (Singer, 2014)
t Facebook users to 'spot' friends
t At AT&T Stores, Hype For Amazon's Fire Phone But Apple's iPhone 6 Casts  ...
e 'Harry Potter' Stars: Where Are They Now In 2014? A Look Into 7 Actors' Post  ...
m Have Scientists Found A Way To Stay Young Forever?
m Doctors and patients clamor for breakthrough hepatitis drug as insurers and  ...
e Got Israel at Your Seder?
b Bank of America watch: Legal bills drag down Q2 profit, mortgage settlement  ...
b Some Will Get Extra Time To Enroll In Health Insurance
b Tax preparers see rush ahead of April 15 deadline, offer tips for last-minute filers
t Android Wear, Moto 360, G Watch and Samsung Gear Live: the wearables at  ...
m A Cup of Coffee a Day May Keep Retinal Damage Away
t BlackBerry Z3, Jakarta Edition Announced; Goes On Sale In Indonesia From  ...
e Secret painting found hidden under Pablo Picasso's 'The Blue Room'
t First on CNBC: CNBC Transcript: SpaceX CEO Elon Musk Speaks with CNBC's  ...
e Full Slate at the Village 8
b Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 search pivots north on new plane data
t Microsoft to press China over Windows 8 ban
b Final words from missing Malaysian jet came after communications system had  ...
e No, it's not Amazon that has the ebook monopoly
e Lupita Nyong'o Named People's “Most Beautiful”
t Apple plans to roll out larger 12.9-inch iPad Pro in 2015: Report
m Alzheimer's strikes women harder than men
e Watch: New Full Length Trailer For 'Dawn Of The Planet Of The Apes' Unleashed
e Sony Says The 'Venom' And 'Sinister Six' Movies Will Arrive Before 'Amazing  ...
e Batman: Arkham Knight Delayed Into 2015, Batmobile "Battle Mode" Revealed
b Iraq Conflict Once Again Highlights Airlines's Vulnerability To Oil Price Rise
b Lower premiums (yes, really) drive down Obamacare's expected costs, CBO says
b Fashion Revolution Day
t Comcast, Time Warner Worst in Satisfaction Survey
b Ukraine Orders Its Military Out of Crimea Held By Russia
e Mother's Day for Once A Moms
e Twin Peaks fans to finally get access to unseen footage
m Among all popular diets, study says 'real food' is best
b Most of Target's board should go, proxy adviser recommends
e 5 Seconds of Summer's The 'Rock Out With Your Socks Out' Hits North America  ...
b Darden Restaurants Inc. share price down, sells Red Lobster chain for $2.1  ...
b Alibaba's Tmall Kicks Off Elegance of France Today
t Facebook policy didn't mention 'research' at time of controversial experiment
b Candy Crush maker sees IPO valuation up to US$7.6b
t Apple MacBook Air laptop gets a little faster — and a little cheaper
e Edgar Wright, Marvel part ways on 'Ant-Man' movie
e A tale of two dresses! Nicki Minaj and Jessie J lead the glamour at VMA after  ...
t Google reportedly working on 8.9in Nexus tablet
t Twitter forced to shut down Tweetdeck app amid major security alert
e James Franco and Seth Rogen spoof Kanye West and Kim Kardashian's Vogue  ...
t Cosmos with Neil deGrasse Tyson: Same Old Product, Bright New Packaging
t Google kicks off I/O keynote; previews Android Auto, wearables
b 17 applicants meet filing deadline for casinos
m 'Dream come true' research has paralyzed men moving again
e Check Out Some Exclusive Dawn Of The Planet Of The Apes Concept Art!
e Harrison Ford hurts ankle on set of new Star Wars film in London
e Watch: This Trailer for the Final Hobbit Movie Is Ready for Battle
t Flies 'think before they act'
e Zac Efron and Michelle Rodriguez Confirm Their Romance
e Police crack down on Game of Thrones illegal downloads
e Love & Hip Hop Atlanta's Benzino Shot At Mother's Funeral By His Nephew  ...
t Unlocked, Developer Edition HTC One (M8)s getting update with Extreme Power  ...
m New to County Health Rankings: Commuting
e Miley Cyrus hospitalized, cancels Kansas City show
e iPhone 6 sales could beat iPhone 5S by 20% – analyst
b Consumer Sentiment Slightly Higher in June
b Car Loan Companies of German Automakers Very Successful in 2013
b Yellen: Fed may cut assets over a decade
e 'Batman V Superman: Dawn of Justice' is the official name of the 'Man of Steel  ...
b Dollar dips vs euro, yen ahead of meeting
b IRS rules virtual currencies are property
t Galaxy S6 With 64-Bit Exynos Chip And 4GB RAM [CONCEPT]
e New 'Guardians' boosts summer film offerings with dumb, glorious fun
t In space, no one can hear you scream over Ukraine
m Here's Everything We Know About The First US Patient With The Deadly Virus  ...
t Cellphone firms get creative with towers
m Syrian Refugees Denied Cancer Treatment Due to Financial Problems
t Octopus Engineering: Cephalopod's Squishy Tentacles Never get Tied Up
b India's manufacturing activities improve in May: HSBC survey
b Japan and China bicker over territory again
t Want NFL on your iPad? DirecTV loosens grip on cordcutters
e The Amazing Spider-Man 2 A Tangle Of Villains
b France's Largest Bank Posts Massive Loss After Historic Fine
e Dianna Agron and Chris Messina Star In Sam Smith's “I'm Not The Only One  ...
e Bryan Singer target of new sex abuse lawsuit
e Report: Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie Teaming Up for Movie Project
m Ebola outbreak kills 80 in Guinea: World Health Organisation (WHO)
b Why Intuit Paid a Big Premium for Check
e Mother-of-Six Angelina Jolie Puts Family First
e 'True Detective' season finale recap: The light wins
b Thailand Shares MH370 Radar Data That Could Have Been Really Helpful a  ...
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Make it to the Covers of Vogue Magazine  ...
m What You Need to Know About the Ebola Virus
t Apollo 11 45th Anniversary: Buzz Aldrin and NASA Agree, Next Stop for Human  ...
b Ackman turns up heat on Allergan, calls for shareholder meeting
e American Idol Top 4 Live Performance Show Recap and Videos - Live Blog 5/7/14
e Chimps Attend Screening of 'Dawn of the Planet of the Apes' Movie (SEE IT)
m Menendez Friend Received Millions From Medicare
e Tom Brady and Gisele reportedly selling massive Los Angeles mansion
e Ryan Gosling to produce and star in Busby Berkeley biopic
e Theater review: 'If/Then' -- 3 stars
m Boffins debunk red wine miracle antioxidant myth
b Pfizer nixes takeover bid for rival drugmaker AstraZeneca after $119B offer  ...
e Watch David Letterman And Stephen Colbert Prove Transitions Don't Have To  ...
m West Nile Virus and Horses
t Planet around two stars gives hope for Earth-like Tatooines
b John Kerry arrives in India for strategic dialogue
e 'Danger' zone: Potato salad fundraiser hits $50K
b Qualcomm posts higher 2nd-quarter revenue but misses Street
b Nikkei gains 0.62 pct to rebound from 6-month low
m 50 Percent Of M.D.s Believe ADHD Stimulant Sharing Among Teens Is A Problem
e Report: Rosie O'Donnell Officially Joining 'The View'
e Tony Nominees Announced
e How the Mean Tweeters Responded to the Celebrities Who Read Their Tweets  ...
e Rob Kardashian allegedly skipped Kim and Kanye's wedding because of his  ...
e Gillard channels her inner Khaleesi
e 'Scandal' star Columbus Short's wife files for divorce, restraining order after  ...
m Canadian woman records herself having stroke, helps docs
e Miley remains hospitalised, cancels more concerts
e Scout Willis Is Wandering NYC Topless To Protest Getting Kicked Off Instagram  ...
b WWE Money in the Bank 2014: Final match card
e One on 1 Profile: Director Darren Aronofsky Continues a Passionate Pursuit as  ...
e Broadcast TV, cloud computing collide at Supreme Court
t Millions of car recalls this year spark 'retail fatigue'
t Meet Tom Wheeler, Net Neutrality Procrastinator-in-Chief
t New York motor show 2014 - our top cars
e Frankie Knuckles dead, 'Godfather of House' music was 59
t Bomb Squad Called For Watch Dogs PR Stunt
m HIV cases unchanged since 2012, says UN
b Asia Pacific Market: Stocks fall on Iraq concerns, weak euro-area manufacturing
b Chipotle Prices Are About To Go Up
t Behind Facebook's manipulation: Its Data Science team worked with little oversight
m Are E-Cigarettes A Potential Smoking Cessation Tool?
t Creationists say dino skeleton debunks evolution
e A Tribute to Casey Kasem, Kelly Clarkson's New Addition & More Weekend News
b Airline complaints center on delays, cancelations
t Google Receives Requests to be 'Forgotten'
e Iranian Dancers Released After Being Arrested For “Happy” Video
b McDonald's chief defends marketing junk food to children
e Rumor: Potential Details Revealed About 'Star Wars 7′ Villains
e Burton Calls On Star Trek Fans To Bring Reading Rainbow To The Next  ...
b Yahoo! Upgraded to Outperform by Wells Fargo & Co. (YHOO)
b Soybeans Rise to Nine-Month High as US Reserves at 10-Year Low
t GM's Sales Speed Up, Even With Millions of Recalls in Tow
b Priceline Buys OpenTable, and More
b Google Just Brought Me a Single Bag of Cookies and I'm Scared
e Beyonce, Blake Lively Mark 'Chime for Change' Anniversary in NYC
b Netflix goes to Europe, its biggest expansion in years
t Lunar eclipse to appear Tuesday morning
e Journey's Steve Perry onstage for 1st time in 19 years
e First Look at Mila Kunis — in Lingerie! — on 'Two and a Half Men'
b Last Minute Adjustments Before 11:00 Reports
t Samsung Galaxy S5 lands in shops as S4 price drops
t Phone Makers and Carriers Agree to Add Anti-Theft Kill Switches to Smartphones
t Facebook admits bad communication on news feed emotion study
e Review: Biting humor punctuates 'Bad Words'
e Thousands of piligrims gather in Jerusalem for Holy Fire
t Supreme Court's Knockout Blow: Aereo's Whole Business Violates Copyright Law
b Sony executives lose bonuses again after another bad year
t Inhofe Statement on President's National Climate Assessment
m Baby gorilla at San Diego Zoo shows improvement after treatment for  ...
b Emirates finalises $56-bn order for 150 Boeing 777Xs
b IRS will tax Bitcoin as property, rather than as currency
e Zendaya, Tyler Posey, Josh Horowitz, Christina Garibaldi Host Pre-MTV Movie  ...
b Signs of life in collapsed Honduras mine: official
e 'Incredibles' to Get a Sequel
t Verizon customers can't pay bills, can't get service
t Half of Americans not 'confident' the Big Bang happened
e Superman-Batman director Zack Snyder teases Batmobile reveal on Twitter
e Concert for a cause: NBC News joins Jay-Z, others for Global Citizen Festival
b US gains trade victory in auto dispute with China
e Andi Dorfman and Josh Murray's Bachelorette Love Story: See Their Cutest  ...
b Facebook Inc (FB) Considers Opening Sales Office in China
e Game of Thrones, series 4, episode 2, review: 'King Joffrey takes centre stage'
e Original 'Alien' crew scared up for new video game
b Dollar lower as investors await Yellen's testimony
b Federal Reserve's Yellen Giving Congress Good News
b Protesters Shut Down McDonald's HQ – And They'll Be Back on Thursday
t FCC's Wheeler Denies Trying to Divide Internet Into "Haves" and "Have Nots"
b Venture investments jump to $9.5B in 1Q
m Dark chocolate is beneficial to health: Study
t Scramble expected as Google Glass launches for one day only next week
b Hawaii's unemployment declines in January to 4.6 percent
t Samsung Galaxy S5 mini vs. HTC One mini 2: Who Will Be 'mini' King?
t SF Hotel Bar Offers Free Drinks to Google Glass Users
e Sick Miley Cyrus postpones more shows, and boy, that ticks her off
t How to Build a Completely Legal Version of Aereo
t Flappy Bird game to make a comeback, confirms creator
t Fruit flies outdo Cruise's Top Gun
e Review - How to Train Your Dragon 2
e Trailer Weekly: 'Dawn of the Planet of the Apes'
t Mumsnet Hacked In Heartbleed Bug Attack
e Christians celebrate Easter in Kerala
t Red Hat adds to OpenStack expertise with eNovance buy
b Toyota Camry gets top to bottom makeover for 2015
t GM CEO apologizes for vehicle flaw linked to 12 deaths
m Score one for the fist bump
t Law enforcement cracks down on impaired boating this weekend
b Feds list lesser prairie chicken as threatened - WNCN: News, Weather for  ...
m Health 'Buzzwords' Encourage Consumers to Buy Certain Food Products
e 'Pretty Little Liars' season 5: Ali returning to Rosewood and Erza Still Alive
e Gwyneth Paltrow: Moms who work 9-5 have it easier
t Impacts of Climate Change – Part 2 of the new IPCC Report has been approved
b Poll: Obama health law fails to gain support
e This is what's delaying Big Bang Theory
e Video Of Solange Allegedly Attacking Jay Z After Met Gala Surfaces
e Mrs. Doubtfire Sequel Is In The Works
e Watch the Final Trailer for “X-Men: Days of Future Past” | Video
t Microsoft Details August Xbox One Update
t Apple seeks order blocking sale of some Samsung smartphones
e Carter Collabs! The Definitive Ranking Of Jay Z & Beyonce's 10 Collaborations  ...
e K-Stew dropped from Snow White 2?
t Toyota Fuel Cell Sedan's Exterior And Japanese Price Revealed: Video
b Investment group to buy Red Lobster for $2.1 billion
b Federal Reserve sends mixed signals on rate increase
e George Clooney's father happy about engagement
e Brad Paisley Takes Selfie With Westboro Baptist Church Members Protesting His  ...
e 'X-Men' Opens Atop Memorial Day Weekend Box Office
b Germany's constitutional court upholds participation in rescue fund for euro  ...
t Getty Images Latam
b Smith & Wesson Holding (SWHC) Is Falling After 2015 Guidance Cut
e Kurt Cobain inspires new comic book which will be released in April
b Top Investor Commits to Keeping American Apparel Production in Los Angeles
t Sony will Completely Stop Selling the PSP by Year's End
m CONSUMER ALERT: FDA Warns of Allergic Reactions to Acne Products
e 'Scandal' recap: Season 3, episode 15 - 5 highlights (Spoilers)
e The Smart Edge of Tomorrow Keeps Killing Its Star
e One Direction's Zayn Malik, Louis Tomlinson caught allegedly smoking pot in  ...
m Parents and Cell Phones
b 3D Systems (DDD) PT Cut at Needham & Company Post Q1
e Brad Pitt And Angelina Jolie To Team Up For A New Film?
e Disney Scores with Captain America - Analyst Blog
e The Bachelorette 2014 Spoilers: Sneak Peek At Week 5 (PHOTOS)
t Unusual sea creatures sail back to Monterey Bay
e Musicians Remember Dave Brockie, the Man Beneath the Mask of GWAR
e House Of Cards star Corey Stoll in Ant-Man talks
t Forecast Good for 'May Camelopardalids' Meteor Shower
t Verizon Wireless Confirms Many Customers Are Having Problems Accessing Its  ...
t Toyota to pay $1.2B to settle criminal probe - KMPH FOX 26 | Central San  ...
b GLOBAL MARKETS-Shares capped by China data, Ukraine worries linger
t Opportunity rover breaks record for driving on another world
e Dutch teenager who 'tweeted terror threat to American Airlines' is arrested
e 'The Fault in Our Stars' author John Green 'doesn't whisper to teens very often'
t HTC One mini 2 looks the part but lacks Duo Camera
e Ray Fisher Joins Cast of Zack Snyder's Batman-Superman Film as Cyborg
m Call for global fight against obesity
b Former SAC Capital trader sentenced to 3-1/2 years
e Wahlberg brings family to premiere
t Mayors Strongly Back Network Neutrality
t GM CEO Taps Into Call Center, Listens To Customer Complaints
m W. African nations begin crisis talks as Ebola spreads (Update)
b Draghi Talks-Down the Euro on Thursday: Weekly Currency ETF Report
b Barnes & Noble spins off Nook, Monsanto jumps on buyback news, CBS  ...
t Google Buys Drone Maker
e Stevie Nicks to join 'The Voice' as adviser
e Neil Patrick Harris to be replaced in Hedwig And The Angry Inch after Tony win  ...
e Cory Monteith birthday video tribute: Glee star's most memorable moments as  ...
m Think before you drink -- alcohol kills six people every minute!
t Microsoft shuts down Xbox Entertainment Studios video team as part of layoffs
e X-Men: Days Of Future Past Attempts To Rewrite Franchise History
b Target CEO Out in Wake of Data Breach
m Ebola Briton's family praises care
e 'Rob Ford' makes cameo in 'Sharknado 2'
e Kim Kardashian Steps Out In Backless Top
t GM Recalls More Than 400000 Trucks, SUVs on Transfer Case Control
b Chinese gold demand surges | Bangkok Post: news
e Tech cheerleader causes uproar over hunting photos (Sarah Rafique's Blog)
m Electronic cigarettes spark intense debate about whether young people at risk  ...
t Starbucks' plan to roll out wireless phone chargers is just a big fat ad for  ...
t Google and Apple settle dispute
e With Help From MIT Engineer, Marathon Bombing Survivor To Dance Again
b Obamacare deadline 101: What if I haven't signed up yet?
b Reports: Amazon holds shipments in publisher dispute
t Agency: No need to park recalled GM cars
t Experts Advisory: Latest IPCC Report Raises Concerns About Adapting to New  ...
e Olivia Palermo finally gets married in Caroline Herrera
e Fox reality series tricks women into competing for fake Prince Harry
b LinkedIn Hits 300M Users, Pushes Mobile Options
b NC Cites Duke For Crack In Coal Ash Pit Dam
t VIDCON 2014: YouTube stars and fans meet
m Sleep disorders may raise risk of Alzheimer's, new research shows
e TV Review: 'Sharknado 2: The Second One' offers more polish, slightly less charm
e Judge Joe Brown arrested for outburst in juvenile court
e Ivan Reitman quits Ghostbusters 3 following Harold Ramis's death
m Prescriptions For Painkiller Drugs Vary Among States
t Xbox One real names, external drives and more coming June
t Android vulnerable to Heartbleed
b The Eccentric Chinese Billionaire Who Loves New York Tried Again Today to  ...
e Emma Stone to join Joaquin Phoenix in Woody Allen's next film
b Russia says all Ukrainian troops left Crimea
e Has Stephen Colbert secretly been an agent of Hydra all along?
b Analysts query BNP Paribas vow that US fine will not upset plans
e George Lucas Plans $1B Museum for Chicago
b Homebuilder confidence surges in July
e 'The Voice' Recap: See Who Made The (Not So Final) Teams
t World Cup 2014 Video: Astronauts show off their football skills as they wish  ...
b Today's Best Mortgage Rate Deals at Capital One, Citizens Bank and BB&T  ...
t BlackBerry launches Z3 in Jakarta
t Reuters: 4.7" iPhone LCD production on tap, 5.5" model could be delayed
e Miley Cyrus explains why she let homeless man accept her MTV Video Music  ...
e Muppets Most Wanted Movie Review
e Coachella's Young Audience A Marketers' Paradise
e William Shakespeare's 450th Birthday: What's His Greatest Play?
e Bad Boy Bachelor! Juan Pablo Rants Rudely To Host Chris Harrison, Refuses  ...
t 'Titanfall' Xbox One patch file size revealed
e Kristen Stewart, Juliette Binoche star in 'Clouds of Sils Maria' trailer
e Film star Lindsay Lohan is suing Rockstar for GTA character
m Pee Dee residents encouraged to lace up their sneakers and walk
t Micro-USB Wireless Charging Thin Receiver Allows Any Phone/Tablet to  ...
e Jay Z and Beyonce are going 'On the Run' together for tour
e Netflix comedy 'Orange is the New Black' gets third season
b Kellogg's Recipe of Ethics, Social Responsibility Feeds Profits
t Jailed activist 'vindicated' over whaling
e Nick Cannon's Father Posts Cryptic Facebook Message, Denies It Is About  ...
b Biz Break: Apple breaks post-WWDC losing streak to hit a new high
e Jimmy Fallon Threw Balls at Julia Roberts' Face
t Apple WWDC 2014: Health apps and home automation but the key word is  ...
e Why Amazon's Fire TV Is No Game Changer
e Tony Awards 2014: "A Gentleman's Guide to Love and Murder" leads nominees
b Amazon snares classic shows in deal with HBO
t Apple Quietly Launches Updated 16GB iPod Touch on Sale for £159
e Mila Kunis and Ashton Kutcher Are Expecting!
e Kanye West ditched plan for spoof skit at wedding
b Jerk.com accused of scraping Facebook users' personal info
t Google now plans to conquer space after holding investor talks with Virgin Galactic
b Social Security Solvent Until 2033
m UCSF Medical Center Makes Best Hospital List
t Handset business deal with Microsoft close on April 25: Nokia
e Tony Awards 2014: 'A Gentleman's Guide to Love and Murder' Leads Nominees
b Euro-zone PMI falls in June as France stays weak
b US Quietly Earmarks Money for ObamaCare Insurers
e KimYe sumptuous honeymoon in Ireland, sans daughter North West
b China June exports grow less than expected, doubts over economy linger
b US second-quarter growth forecasts cut on tepid consumer spending
t Utah gas prices jump last month
t Cantillon: Nadella charts new route for Microsoft
b McDonald's February same-restaurant sales fall 0.3 percent
t Toyota to pay US$1.2-billion over safety problems, the largest ever U.S. penalty  ...
m DeForest's Relay For Life registration now open
b China expresses 'strong dissatisfaction' with US solar tariff
b Jobless Claims Drop to Lowest Levels in 7 Years
e Gov't keen to support ICT start-ups
b Microsoft announces long-rumored Office for iPad
e Miley Cyrus retires from twerking
e Britney Spears' "Alien" Without Auto-Tune Leaks Online, Producer Comes to Her  ...
e 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' unearths $100M at weekend box office
m This State Is Where The Most Painkillers Are Prescribed
t Google Glass Jumps Across the Pond
e The Bachelorette Finale Is Terrifying If You Know Nothing About the Show
e Adrienne Bailon Covers Latina Magazine And Talks Rob Kardashian, Kim K's  ...
e Kevin Bacon Books Role in Johnny Depp's Mob Film
m Ebola outbreak could reach 20000 cases
t Local gas prices buck national trend
t Nintendo Co. share price down, posts quarterly loss, vows return to profit
b If Your Grandma Gave You Savings Bonds for Your Birthdays, You Just Might Be  ...
e Amazon snares classic shows in deal with HBO
t Microsoft Matches Google With 15GB of Free OneDrive Storage
e Prince reaches agreement with Warner Bros
m Change text size for the story
e Splitsville: Trace Adkins and Wife Rhonda Divorcing After 17 Years of Marriage
t Flappy Bird Creator Considers Relaunching the Game — He's Working On New  ...
e “Divergent” Box Office Take Trails “Twilight,” “Hunger Games” Numbers
e There's a Purple Wedding in Game of Thrones promo images for the next episode
e Andrew Garfield confronted by kids over spider-man's powers
t Microsoft Officially Releases Office App for Android and iPhone
b AOL acquires marketing firm Convertro
b People who've already started application process granted extra time to enrol for  ...
m E-cigarette Ads on TV
e Miley Cyrus Gets Tattoo in Honor of Her Late Dog
m MERS now in 18 countries; three in U.S. confirmed to have viral illness
b Southwest: You're now free to leave the country
b Why did Sulzberger hire Abramson?
e Kevin Smith Shares Secrets From Star Wars: Episode VII Set
b Asia stocks muted by China tensions
e 'Mrs. Doubtfire' Star Wants Nothing to Do With Sequel
b Default by Death
m US consumer spending rose modest 0.3 percent in February, reflecting impacts  ...
e Katie Holmes: “When I Became a Mother, My Life Completely Changed”
e DAVID EMSWILER: Thoughts on a Monday
m Headbangers, beware: Heavy metal can be a health hazard, study warns
m Flesh-Eating Bacteria Also Vacations in Florida
e Peter Mayhew back as Chewbacca in 'Star Wars,' sources say
t Netflix Sees Threat From Amazon in Video Streaming Segment
b Fish tank bursts inside Disney restaurant
t Teen Offers Idea to Save Government $400 Million per Year
e GAME OF THRONES Recap: “Breaker of Chains”
e Mania Review: Sharknado 2
m At Least 1 In 20 Adult Outpatients Misdiagnosed In US Every Year
e Rolf Harris admits he 'sexually admired' teenager
e Tonight, NBC The Voice Season 6 Finale, Coldplay, OneRepublic and Ed  ...
e Here's Vin Diesel saying, “I am Groot” in various foreign languages—on stilts
t China bans Windows 8 devices from some government IT purchases
e Like a Rolling Stone draft could sell for US$2M
t On US,Chevy Trax small SUV will available soon
b New information says LinkedIn search found Ronald McDonalds for Taco Bell ads
e Fundraiser for potato salad goes viral, raises thousands
e Amazon Becomes Exclusive Online Home of Select HBO Shows
e Peeps The Movie: 9 Potential Plots
b Gowex to file for bankruptcy, CEO admits wrongdoing
e 'Leftovers' nothing but reheated tripe
t Google Glass Explorer Program now open to all US residents
t VIDEO: Facebook Sucks Up Oculus VR for $2 Billion
t Amazon's Fire Phone is official
e Miller Union's Steven Satterfield named James Beard finalist
e Chris Colfer Not Leaving 'Glee': 5 Fast Facts You Need to Know
b AUD/USD at 0.9280 after RBA Leaves Rate Steady
e MUST SEE: Man spends 4 years traveling to 26 countries to make epic proposal  ...
b UK construction PMI for March slips to 62.5 - data
t Ex-Microsoft Employee Charged With Stealing Trade Secrets (1)
t Reviews of the Amazon 'Fire Phone"
m Increase in Ebola cases a 'cause for concern'
e Michelle Williams' 'Say Yes' music video features Beyoncé, Kelly Rowland
e Andrew Lloyd Webber, Trevor Nunn, Gillian Lynne at 'Cats' Photocall
e Ian Ziering: 'The Anticipation For 'Sharknado 2: The Second One' Is Global'
t Obama Kicks Soccer Ball with Japanese Robots
e US movie studios seek $175 M against Megaupload over illegally-kept copyright  ...
e Friend who died of ALS would've loved ice bucket challenge
b Gold & Silver Market Morning
b Memo to Congress: Family planning needs more funding
e Turkish director's triumph at Cannes feted back home
e Summer movies: Seth Rogen on 'Neighbors'
b Google Inc (GOOGL) Poised For Ad Beat In Earnings This Week
t YouTube bringing creators better mobile tools in a dedicated app
t Europe to get South Korean help to build 5G networks
e The Rubble Bucket Challenge is the Ice Bucket Challenge for Gaza
e David Fincher: Gone Girl director's career in movie trailers
e Box Office: 'Heaven Is for Real' Amasses $3.7 Mil on Wednesday
t PR Newswire
m Health officials monitoring new virus spread by mosquitoes
t Google Street View now lets you travel up to 7 years back in time
t Microsoft's Nuclear Option for Mobile
e BET Awards 2014 in Video: Beyoncé, Jay Z, Lionel Richie, Nicki Minaj, Iggy  ...
e Samuel L. Jackson Went Vegan So He Could 'Live Forever'
e Film review: 'Transcendence'
e David Lynch Does The Most David Lynch Ice Bucket Challenge Ever
e 'Game Of Thrones'… Theatrical Features?
b You're paying more for gasoline, and here's why
e 'The Walking Dead' Showrunner Scott Gimple: We Already Know What's  ...
m Progress in Prostate Cancer Treatment to Delay Chemotherapy
b WWE: Heading Towards John Cena V Brock Lesnar at Summerslam
b Mid Cap New Highs: Halcon Resources Corp (NYSE:HK), SunPower  ...
b Dow, SP 500 at records as investors eye Iraq, GE deal
t Facebook to buy virtual reality tech co for $2 bn
e 'Iron Man 3″ takes home Kids' Choice, Location Managers awards
e Diane Sawyer to step down from 'ABC World News'
e Principal photography begins on "Selma" movie
b Gold price holds onto gains, platinum softens from highs
t Facebook To Bring Internet To The World Using Satellites, Drones And Frickin  ...
e WATCH: 'Batman: Arkham' Knight Battle Mode Trailer
e Nick Cannon slammed as racist for dressing in 'white face' to promote upcoming  ...
m Fried Foods Might Make Some People Fatter Than Others
b MtGox finds $116m worth of lost bitcoins in an old wallet
e Fans share photos of amazing Johnny Winter
m California chicken linked to salmonella recalled
m Water Births May Be Risky, Doctors' Groups Say
e 'Freaky Friday' Writer Mary Rodgers Dies at 83
m Giant Panda Fakes to be Pregnant
b Posted by Shoaib-ur-Rehman Siddiqui
b Spirit Airlines tops complaint list in new report
e Sheryl Sandberg Wants to Ban the Word “Bossy”
t PS4 vs. Xbox One Sales: Sony President Says PlayStation Beats Microsoft  ...
m Girl Kicked Out of School After Supporting Friend with Cancer
e Justin Bieber Skips Toronto Hearing on Assault Charges
e Mariah Carey made Nick Cannon 'wait'
t Scientists claim world's largest dinosaur find
m Death toll from Guinea haemorrhagic fever rises to 29
e Ray J Offers Sex Tape Money to Kim Kardashian as Wedding Gift
t Thinnest Wires Ever Created with an Electron Beam are Only Three Atoms Wide  ...
e Kendall Jenner's Topshop Triumph At The 2014 Met Ball
m Big Government and Big Food Give the Same Weight Loss Advice
t Is 'Titanfall' Running At 1080P?
e Kimye 'to marry in private ceremony' this week
t Appellate Court Reverses Conviction Of Hacker “Weev”
b New York Stock Exchange CEO steps down
b GBP/USD is still above 1.66, and thinking of new highs
e Lena Dunham Deletes & Apologizes For Insensitive Molestation Joke On Twitter  ...
m 50 new cases, 25 deaths from Ebola outbreak in Africa
t United Kingdom launches probe of Facebook's emotion experiment
t Samsung Galaxy S3/Note 2: State Of Android 4.4.2 KitKat Update
b Sony execs return bonuses
t Blood-Moon-2014
t Court rules Google must amend some search results
b Tokyo shares firm after Dow renews record high
t Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) Loses Key Acquisition Opportunity To Google Inc  ...
e Paul McCartney Postpones Tokyo Show Due to Illness; Releases "Appreciate  ...
e Costume Designer Insider: The Scoop On All the Fashion From the Mad Men  ...
e Rolf Harris found guilty of all 12 counts of indecent assault
m Report: 10 times more mentally ill in prisons than hospitals
b Burger King celebrates gay pride with 'Proud Whopper' wrapped in rainbow paper
e Review: 'Tammy' is a whammy of a mistake for Melissa McCarthy
e Robert Pattinson, Kristen Stewart update: Rob Admits Having 'Casual  ...
b Energy Future Holdings Files for Chapter 11 Bankruptcy -- 2nd Update
t Amazon expands digital media empire with comiXology purchase
e Scarlett Johansson ravishes in red
e Watch: Arcade Fire - "We Exist" Video
m Definition of heavy drinking varies slightly and is different for men and women
b European shares dip early; data, ECB eyed
e Cameron Diaz Clarifies Anti-Monogomy Comments: Monogomy is Very Important!
e Powdered Alcohol Doesn't Meet Federal Approval
b Google Finally Overtakes Apple To Become The World's Most Valuable Brand
b It's official - WWE television staying with NBCUniversal
m I might drop dead tomorrow, but I still enjoy running
e Amazon launches Prime Music streaming service, free with Amazon Prime  ...
e Lindsay Lohan's Miscarriage A LIE To Garner Sympathy For Disastrous Oprah  ...
t Microsoft unveils long-awaited Office apps for iPad as new CEO tries to change  ...
t GM adds 218000 Chevy Aveos to growing recall list
e 'The Voice' Recap: The Coaches Get Extra Picky as They 'Wait for Great'
e Biomechanical Art Genius HR Giger Has Died, Aged 74
b No penalty for bank balance below minimum limits, RBI says
t Austin MotoGP, COTA - Qualifying (2) Results
e Godzilla Movie As Loud As It's Roar
e North West Rocks Massive Bling From Kanye — How Much Did it Cost?
b Gold Bulls Backing Off
m Vegan Diet Lowers Weight Heart Disease Risk
e On 'Mad Men,' Richard Nixon is the key to understanding Don Draper
t Russian Charged With Running $100 Million Data Theft Scheme
b Malaysia asks Inmarsat to make raw MH370 data public
e Peaches Geldof death 'not suspicious'
e Macaulay Culkin booed off stage and pelted with beer at Rock City's Dot to Dot  ...
e Emma Watson's Most Glamorous Look Yet In Oscar De La Renta (PHOTOS)
b 'Obamacare' Deadline Approaching: 7 Things You Need to Know
e Geldof family 'beyond pain' after mystery death of Peaches, 25
e Did Blake Shelton tweet Adam Levine's number on live TV?
e Michael Jackson's New Album 'Xscape' Set For May Release: Watch Official Trailer
b Report: Virginia's unemployment rate rose in March
b Alan Krueger On Long Term Unemployment; Important, Correct And Definitely  ...
m Too much TV ups early death risk
t Oculus Connect developer conference announced
b Quicken Loans: Today's Mortgage Rates Jul 5, 2014
t EU chides Motorola over Apple patent spat but firm avoids fine
b Pimco's Gross pledges less control
e New Jupiter Ascending Trailer From The Wachowskis'
e Watch: X-Men: Days of Future Past gets one final big trailer
t 3D-printed FingerReader to aid blind readers in real time
b Covered California confirms Monday signup deadline
t PlayStation reveals VR headset
t Apple turns to IBM for help in selling more iPhones, iPads to corporate customers
b SEC Fines Bitcoin Entrepreneur for Selling Unregistered Shares
e Noah's All-White Ark, and Other Odd Directorial Choices
b Ouch! Twitter Suffers Largest Lockup-Expiration Day Loss in History: StockTwits
e 'Dancing with the Stars' 18 results: Was Danica McKellar, Candice Cameron  ...
t Google Doodle Commemorates 40th Anniversary of Rubik's Cube
e Texas cheerleader and critics face off over controversial safari hunting photos
e Rihanna Stuns in Completely Sheer Dress at CFDA Awards 2014
t Elop: Brand Change In Works For Nokia Smartphones
b Yellen Avoids Specifying a Timetable for Interest-Rate Increase
t Stork 4
b Fed's Yellen testifies to House panel
m Improved lifestyles could potentially prevent a third of Alzheimer's cases
b Carphone, Dixons profits rise ahead of planned merger
b New Home Sales Fall 3.3% for February
b Inflation in eurozone down for March
e UK maintains Kate photo blackout
e Charges dropped against Simon and Brickell
e Tonight Show With Jimmy Fallon
e Game of Thrones movie may end the saga with big screen dragons, reveals author
m Grand Chute store included in recall of tainted ground beef
e 'Penny Dreadful' is an entertaining monster mashup
t 'Flappy Bird' To Flap Back Into App Store, Creator Dong Nguyen Says
t Amazon's iPhone competitor purportedly revealed in photos with 6 cameras, 3D UI
b Halliburton Sees Pickup in North America Oilfield Market
m Study of Medicaid surgery data may hint at ACA's future
e Pharrell Williams motivated by wife
m Precautions help decrease mosquito problems
b Crumbs Bake Shop shutters all 48 outlets
b Lights, Camera, IPO: GoPro Goes Public
m US teen behavior update: pluses and minuses
t Web access under assault: Killing net neutrality would be a blow to consumers
e 'Sharknado 2' smashes ratings records
t Harley-Davidson to unveil electric motorcycle
b Medicare's Long-Term Outlook Improves Slightly, Report Says
b ECB to keep rates on hold, gauge impact of latest cut
b Audi charging into China's green car market
m One Reason To Spend A Lot Of Money On Food
b Siemens-Alstom merger seen to impact Malaysia
b Alibaba Profit Almost Triples Ahead of IPO as Partners Named
e Duke Porn Star Belle Knocks Is Actually Ambitious And Feminist
e Cameron Diaz Nudes Up For Sex Tape
t New Apple recycling program will pay you for your old gadgets
t NEW YORK AUTO SHOW: Chevrolet Drops The Top On The 625 HP 2015  ...
b McDonald's giving coffee freebies
m Routine Pelvic Exams
t iPhone 5c 8GB not headed to India just yet
b ECB Likely Impact On Euro Is Minimal
t Frog Species Found in Troubled Habitat
b Forex - Dollar little changed vs. yen, euro
e New Clinics For Vets
e Mad Men's Dawn, Teyonah Parris, Interview – Flavorwire
t iOS 7 Adoption up to 87% Ahead of WWDC's Likely iOS 8 Announcement
m Police: Man dead after carjacking, home invasions
e Hiccup and his dragon bestie are back
t Gary Busey Stars In This Amazon Fire TV Ad And It Actually Makes Sense
b Renesas Surges On Report Apple Considers Buying Chip Unit
m Saudi replaces head of Jeddah hospital as it fights MERS rise
t Harley-Davidson introduces prototype electric motorcycle
m Use Of Gay Sex Smartphone App Linked To Disease Risk
t Total Lunar Eclipse To Be Visible Early Tuesday
t The Eta Aquarids Meteor Shower To Peak Overnight
t This is what you'll see when Google removes 'forgotten' search results
b American Apparel adopts stockholder rights plan
m Far too many kids being given codeine, researchers say
m Nature retracts stem cell paper due to 'critical errors'
m Caffeine Intake Affects Boys and Girls Differently After Puberty
t Stealth wireless towers increasingly springing up in unlikely places
t Microsoft developer teases Xbox One external hard drive: 'Soon'
m First of Its Kind Bazaar Helps Relay For Life
e Gov. Chris Christie Performs 'Evolution of Dad Dancing' On 'Tonight Show': Video
m Google's Baseline Study to Index Whole Human Body
b Apple strikes new chord with $3 billion purchase of headphone maker, music  ...
b Target chairman, CEO out in wake of breach
b New leads on missing jet's debris
t iPhone 6 Rumors: Release Date Leaked by Germany Company?
m Family of American with Ebola claim to be healthy
m The Science Of Lab-Grown Organs: Vaginas, Noses Now Possible
t BlackBerry to acquire voice and data encryption vendor Secusmart
b Gold, Silver Rally in 2nd Quarter; US Mint Gold Coins Surge in June
e Gwen Stefani confirms she will be a judge on 'The Voice'
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 to have 5.7 ...
e Beyonce Displays Justin Bieber's Mugshot On Stage Saying: 'Even The Greatest  ...
e Guardians of the Galaxy Paves the Way for More Weirdness
e Bryan Singer accused of sexually abusing 17-year-old in 1999
b The mall the merrier
t Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) Move Betrays Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL)
t Titanfall review: Is new Xbox One multiplayer shooter worth buying a new  ...
t Google Street View Accidentally Made an Algorithm That Cracks CAPTCHAs
e Insider: Chris Martin wants to appear cordial
b Gold climbs on Ukraine concerns
t NASA Hubble Exhibit at National Air and Space Museum
t science...and win £10m by solving it
e New Image Gives Us A Closer Look At THE AMAZING SPIDER-MAN 2′s Green  ...
t Google launches self-driving car!
e Critics' Choice TV Awards 2014: And the nominees are...
e Julia Roberts: "I Don't Consider Myself A Celebrity"
t Why Google Buying Twitch Would Make Sense
t Microsoft's Skype Will Soon Be Able to Translate Voice Calls in Real Time
e Watch Erykah Badu Try to Kiss a Man Reporting Live on TV
t Android KitKat vs. Android L Update: Out With The Old, In With The New
e New Music: Robin Thicke - 'Get Her Back' [Full Audio]
b Opinion: Food activists don't care about restaurants' bottom lines
b Argentina economy minister says the government has processed payment on its  ...
b WTI Oil Trades Near 2-Week Low Before Supply Data; Brent Steady
t Press Render of HTC One Mini 2 Leaks Out in Range of Colors
m WHO records new Asia milestone in fight against polio
e Will The 'Girl Meets World' Premiere Deliver Out of This World Ratings? (Poll)
m The FDA on Its New Rules for E-Cigs: What We Don't Know Could Hurt Us
t Bárðarbunga Volcano: State Of Emergency Called Off
t DNA left at crime scene could create mugshots to catch criminals: scientists
b U.S. New Home Sales Jump 18.6% in May
t Microsoft to shift focus to mass smartphone market
m Oscar Pistorius feared for safety, says agent
e Statement by the President on Easter Weekend
m Flesh Eating Bacteria In Florida Beach Waters: Eleven Dead From Warm Water  ...
t Eventual collapse of West Antarctica's glaciers "appears unstoppable"
t Towns taking heed of climate change concerns
t Samsung's upcoming stand-alone smartwatch detailed in a new report, could  ...
t Google Fiber Fever
e Brad Paisley takes 'selfie' with Westboro Baptist Church members
e 'Star Wars: Episode VII' Films In May, Set 30 Years After 'Jedi'
b Fiat Chrysler Plan Spurned As Unaffordable, Lacking Prudence
e Game Of Thrones (newbies): “Breaker Of Chains”
e Benzino Shot While On The Way To Mother's Funeral
e Former `bad boy' Walter Dean Myers tapped into youths' minds, struggles
e deadmau5 added to Ultra Music Festival bill after Avicii withdraws from lineup
b Tech shares lead Nasdaq lower
t A Pagan Watches Cosmos
t Will Facebook's Oculus Acquisition Damage Contributor Trust in Kickstarter?
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West appear on US Vogue's front cover
e Miley Cyrus and Avril Lavigne: Fight!
e More money for fuel assistance needs
e Frankie Knuckles, Godfather of House Music, dead at 59
e Glen Campbell moved into care facility - report
e 'Guardians': Fanboys get Their Movie
e One College Is Offering a Very Serious Class on Miley Cyrus
t eBay asks users to change passwords after cyberattack
e Thailand wooing Latin America market
e Weaver, 'Alien' cast reprising roles in new game
t Google acquires Twitch for $1 billion: Reports
e The Bachelor: Heartbreaking Lessons About Self-Respect
m RIKEN Panel Finds Misconduct in Reprogrammed Stem Cell Papers
b Conference Board LEI for U.S. Up Third Month in a Row
b Factory production: HSBC manufacturing PMI sees fastest pace of growth in  ...
b Emil Harsev, financier: Bulgaria does not require a loan from the IMF
t Facebook defends secretly manipulating users
e Watch the Orange Is The New Black season 2 trailer
b Budget 2014: George Osborne Produces New £1 Coin With 12 Sides
t Heartbleed fix for Android phones
t GM recalls 29000 Cruze cars in US for airbag defect
t WHO: Delhi most polluted city
m Agent: Pistorius planned travel with girlfriend - WMBFNews.com, Myrtle Beach  ...
e Former 'Scandal' actor Columbus Short arrested in Dallas for public intoxication
t Samsung Galaxy S2 Users Get Android 4.4 KitKat
e Bob Dylan lyrics fetch $2 million in New York auction
t AT&T Expands High-Speed Internet Rollout
t Apple expected to release a 12.9in iPad early next year
e 'Nobody died for our 'sins'
b Malaysia Airlines flight with 295 on board crashes in Ukraine; May have been  ...
e Springsteen, fun., Tim McGraw among performers at 3-day free Final Four music  ...
e Elisabeth Hasselbeck Sounds-Off on Rosie O'Donnell Returning to 'The View'
e Kristen Bell is pregnant with her second baby! Congratulations to her and Dax  ...
b Morocco FM meets al-Sisi, eyes closer ties
t Mysterious deepwater fish found along NC coast
t Role Of Climate Change In Extinction Of Ice Predators Examined
t Cell phone company accused of making 'hundreds of millions' on fake charges
t Netflix cuts deal to pay Verizon for direct access
e Judd Apatow Launches Furious Rant After Article Claims His Movies Inspired  ...
e US Supreme Court justices debate copyrights in Aereo streaming case
b BOND REPORT: Treasurys Fall As Market Awaits Fresh Data Signal
b De Blasio's Vacation Plans May Clash With LIRR Strike
b Gold closes at highest level in six months
e The Bachelor Juan Pablo Covers 'People' Magazine
m Sierra Leone News: Ebola: Creepy and Controversial
e Star Wars Spin-off Movies Revealed?
e Video: Leaked Star Wars Episode VII footage is fake… but still amazing
e James Franco lashes out at theater critic
t Google Project Tango tablets on their way to developers
t Mark Zuckerberg Has A Court Date … In Iran
b Kansas unemployment rate drops to 4.8 percent
t 2 rescued after small plane crashes in New Jersey
e Early Buzz: First Reviews For Darren Aronofsky's 'Noah' Are Decidedly Soggy  ...
e Happy Feat: Watch 'Weird Al' Yankovic take on Pharrell in his new parody, 'Tacky'
b The (Wrong) Price of Hooking Up: Viral Dating App Tinder Isn't Valued at $5  ...
e Ruby Dee, actress and civil rights champion, dies at 91
b UPDATE 3-Yellen cites housing, geopolitical tensions as economic risks
b Ericsson's networks unit recovers, shares rally
e WATCH: Weird Al's shameless spoof of Pharrell's 'Happy'
t GM to offer loaner cars, cash to small-car owners facing recall notices
e 'X-Men' Director Bryan Singer's Sexual Abuse Accuser Tells ALL
t Misfit app for Pebble Smartwatches now available to download, allows users to  ...
t Windows Phone 8.1: The 5 Best Features of Microsoft's New OS
t BlackBerry World Music & Video Services Closing Next Month
b What ISIS insurgency in Iraq could mean for global oil supplies and energy options
b Standard & Poor's loses appeal over financial advice
b AAA: Expect to pay more this July
b Fannie and Freddie's Fate Becomes Clearer
b Scoreboard: Draghi whirlwind
e U.S. Dept. of Justice to Review ASCAP and BMI Consent Decrees
e Miley Cyrus Hospitalized After Allergic Reaction
e Tracy Morgan's health improving, publicist says
t FTC Files Amicus Brief Clarifying Role of Children's Online Privacy Protection Act
t Finally -- Microsoft Office Comes to the iPad
b IMF cuts world growth on concerns
t ​The Race Begins To Find A Landing Site On Rosetta's Comet
e Mia Vardalos Reveals Plans For My Big Fat Greek Sequel
m Women more likely to get in a serious car crash during second trimester of  ...
b BNZ grabs more agribusiness lending, upbeat on rural sector
e Stacy Keibler named to People's 'Most Beautiful' List
e The Kardasian's Want Rehab For Rob As He Develops Keenness For Sizzurp  ...
b Washington marijuana shops prep for historic sales
e What's your reaction to end of 'How I Met Your Mother?'
t Google Apparently Testing New Nexus Tablet
t VLC for Windows 8 finally available
e 2014 Met gala fashion: Lupita Nyong'o worst dressed in frightful flapper frock
b China's manufacturing growth rises
t Was Apple's iPhone 6 no show expected?
t We're not alone!
e Kim Kardashian Wears Balmain for Her Bachelorette Party
e 'Breaking Bad', 'Game of Thrones', 'The Good Wife' Top Nominations For TV  ...
e Shop around for new law
t ZTE Open C, the Firefox OS mobe you'll almost want, now on eBay
e WATCH: Beyoncé Reunites With Destiny's Child to Sing About Jesus in New  ...
e Movie review: 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' is the best X-Men movie
m MERS Watch: Secondary Infection in US?
e Doctors force Paul McCartney to postpone both Tokyo shows
b Nearly 400 million Twitter users estimated by 2018, research firm says
t Nest Announces Developer API, Integrates With Mercedes, Google, IFTTT and  ...
t Instagram Update Adds More Powerful Editing Options
e Photo: Miley hands the mic over to her va-jay-jay
e Best places to watch 4th of July fireworks in New York
t Apple Introduces iOS 8 And Texting Will Never Be The Same
t People keep getting mugged for their Google Glass
e Churches join forces with Easter services
e Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez Leak Sexy Dance Video
t Tesla Motors Inc sued by Chinese businessman for trademark infringement
b NCAA SOFTBALL
t Microsoft cutting 18000 jobs, signals new path - KTVN Channel 2 - Reno Tahoe  ...
t A rare sight: Colorado River connects with Gulf of California
t Facebook (NASDAQ: FB) Under Scrutiny after Conducting Unknown  ...
b Huge fish tank bursts at Downtown Disney restaurant
t White Dwarf Star that Resembles Diamond Discovered in Aquarius Constellation
e Rumor: Indiana Jones May Be Recast; Bradley Cooper Tops Actor List [Updated]
t Impact of Global Warming Could Spiral 'Out of Control,' Warns UN Report
m Could injections of blood help fight Alzheimer's? 'Dracula' treatment boosts brain  ...
t Apple's focus is on fending off Android
e HBO Go crashes under 'Game of Thrones' demand
t Ford builds Mustang 1000 feet up on the Empire State Building
e Shia LaBeouf Not Checked into Rehab, Says Rep
t Amazon to make smartphone with a 3-D camera? Find out tomorrow
e Beyoncé & Solange Strike A Cleavage-Filled Pose In Their First Public  ...
m Postpartum depression can strike young fathers too, study finds
t Full text: Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella's letter to employees about massive job  ...
e George Clooney Slams 'Daily Mail' & 'New York Daily News' Over Report  ...
e Emmys exalt old favorites over TV's shiny newcomers
b Chrysler Group Volunteer Program Revs Up to Drive Social Change
b Vodafone intends to buy a company from automotive industry
m Excessive vitamins and minerals in cereal can harm kids, according to new report
t Toyota paying $1.2 billion penalty over unintended acceleration issue
e Jolie Inspired Jewels
e 'Jeopardy!' Hero-Villain Arthur Chu Struggles Early; Could He Come Back?
t Windows XP Switch Off Exposes PCs and Corporate Enterprise to Attack
e Midwestern menace - 'Fargo' loves the common man as much as the uncommon
e Macklemore: 'Not My Idea Of A Stereotype'
b Microsoft CEO sees 'gold rush' in the cloud
b Yellen may face grilling on Fed rate hike plans
t Google: We're building a car with no steering wheel
e Weird Al Gets "Tacky" and Wonderful in the First Video From His New Album
b US drugs firm eyes Shire takeover
t Nokia names Rajeev Suri as new CEO, reports sales drop
e Kim Kardashian Buys Stacks of Her Vogue Cover – The Reality TV Star Can't  ...
e Love & Hip-Hop Atlanta Star Benzino Speaks After Getting Shot At Mother's  ...
t Koalas hug trees to keep cool, say scientists
e Spitfire country singer Miranda Lambert goes 'Platinum' on new album
t Two apps for smarter smartphone photos
e Rolling Stones rally around grieving Mick Jagger after partner L'Wren Scott's death
t Swells of More than 16 Feet in Arctic's Beaufort Sea Seen
t Wall Street expects Apple's WWDC announcements will leverage strength of  ...
e Michael Jackson HOLOGRAM hit with claims it was used without permission
e ABBA marks 40 years since breakthrough hit
b Quiznos emerges from bankruptcy
e What You Need To Know About Kim Kardashian's Pre-Wedding Stem Cell Facial
t Microsoft Surface Pro 3 to launch alongside Surface Mini on May 20?
t Yeti DNA Confirmed To Be Of A Creature Previously Thought To Be Extinct
t The vast reservoir hidden in the Earth's crust that holds as much water as ALL of  ...
e Jimmy Scott, jazzman with ethereal voice, dies at 88
t Marketing the Moon
t Google buys drone firm Titan Aerospace
t Michigan 9-Year-Old Phillip Stoll Discovers Prehistoric Mastodon Tooth: He  ...
e Game of Thrones season 4, episode 5, TV review: 'An enthralling watch'
e Clooney slams tabloid report on his marriage
b EURUSD Rises as Euro Area April Services Grows at Fastest Pace Since June  ...
e Case filed against 'X-Men' director Bryan Singer of raping boy in 1999
e Will Smith and Jada Pinkett-Smith Investigated by Child Protective Services
e Amazon's HBO coup is a big setback for Netflix
t 1. MEAN STREETS
b Southwest cuts 6 flights from Albuquerque International Sunport
e Kim Kardashian's Bachelorette Party.
e Richard Attenborough Appreciation: A Legacy Beyond 'Gandhi'
e Official Statement on BET Experience Security
b IMF Says European Banks Had Up to $300 Billion Subsidy (1)
e Mickey Rooney, dead at 93, a hard worker in showbiz, personal life
m Harsh winter does little to ease Lyme disease threat
t Nintendo To Design New Hardware For Emerging Markets
t Nintendo reveals Mario Kart 8 web app
e Kristen Stewart debuts new grunge hair as she shows off her pants in chic harem  ...
b Snapchat in financing talks with Alibaba at US$10b valuation: Bloomberg
m Autism linked to pesticide exposure during pregnancy
e Diane Sawyer steps down from 'World News'
t Business Wire
t Rare 'blood moon' lunar eclipse tonight - KATV - Breaking News, Weather and  ...
t Sony Playstation at Game Developers Conference: Project Morpheus and more
e Bryan Singer Calls Underage Sex Abuse Allegations 'Vicious,' Pulls Out of 'X  ...
t CORRECTED-Siri software maker Nuance has held sale talks - WSJ
b Netflix to move European HQ to Netherlands in 2015
e Review: 'Penny Dreadful' does the monster mashup
b Bon-Ton CEO to resign
b Futures point to lower open after weak GDP report
b Average 30-year mortgate rate drops to 4.21 percent
e Are Kim Kardashian + Kanye West Officially Married?
b Omnicom-Publicis Merger Called Off
t Paratarsotomus macropalpis: Study pegs mite as fastest land animal on Earth
b Shares, dollar struggle on Ukrainian anxiety
t Facebook's Latest App Will Bring Free Internet Services to Zambia
m Ebola vaccine from GSK to begin US clinical trials within weeks: Sources
t Apple and IBM may create Apps and sell phones by their joint efforts
t Facebook Wants All To Use Messenger App On Mobile Devices
m What to look for in a spouse? Genetic similarity
e New reality series tricks women into thinking they are dating Prince Harry
m UPDATED: Watch out, Gilead. Merck is mounting a hep C combo comeback
m First West Nile case reported in Champaign County for 2014
e The Walking Dead Season 4 Finale Spoilers: Cast and Producers Reveal Clues
t Cost of fighting warming 'modest,' U.N. panel says
e Miley Cyrus Cracks Date Rape Joke in London
e Harry Potter Spin-Off Series 'Fantastic Beasts' to Become Trilogy
e Q&A: Girl Talk conquers Coachella
e US Rap Artist Benzino Shot at Mother's Funeral
t The Media's One-Side-Fits-All Approach to Net Neutrality
t Nokia X2 Android Smartphone Gets Official (Video)
e OMG!!! Five Seconds of Summer coming to Hershey in August 2015
e Ellen DeGeneres' New Brand Inks Lease at 121 East 24th Street
e Prince Harry Fox TV dating show 'shameless'
t Twitter Buys Gnip - It's All About The Data
b Chiquita and Fyffes hope to become top banana in global market
e Busted! 81 percent of parents steal Easter candy from their kids
b E-commerce, small stores are bright spots in gloomy Wal-Mart report
t Privacy advocates want regulators to go after Facebook
t Sony May Give A Discount To Those Who Already Own The Last Of US
e Former 'Bachelor' star Jason Mesnick hints that Juan Pablo is single
t FTC: Credit Karma and Fandango apps failed to protect consumer data
e Coldplay's 'Ghost Stories' Scores Biggest Album Release of 2014, Best Since  ...
t Xbox One closing monthly US sales gap on PS4
m 17 new cases of deadly Mers disease
e Alabama's Dexter Roberts on 'American Idol': Top 9 performance recap, with  ...
b Twitter COO resigns, stock rises
b Hackers Break Into Mt. Gox CEO's Blog, Reveal Customers' Bitcoin Balances
b Fed's Dudley: US economic prospects 'reasonably favorable'
t FTC sets sights on T-Mobile for 'cramming' bogus charges
b Asian stimulus boosts factories
m Agent: Pistorius planned travel with girlfriend
e Game of Thrones Star Implies Lady Stoneheart May Never Appear
e True Blood Spoilers Season 7 Episode 4 “Death is Not the End” Sneak Peek  ...
m Prosthetic arm from Segway inventor approved by FDA
e Kendall Jenner Is An Official 'It' Model At The Met Costume Ball
t Xbox One sign-in issues: Microsoft “on the case”
b Income Tax Day: file me under wimp
m Antioxidant resveratrol in red wine found to have no benefit
t iOS 7.1 update released, adds Carplay, improves Siri and fixes bugs
t Google Gearing Up For Open-source Smartphone Hardware Platform – GOOGL
b Euro rallies in Asia after ECB chief's comments
e Watch VH1's '4th of July Phill Jam 2014' online with Ed Sheeran and Nicki Minaj
e Miley Cyrus' heart woes escalate: Mag
b Obama gets blowback on proposed emissions cuts
t Xbox Europe 'hit hard' by Microsoft job cuts
e Weekend Box Office Finds 'Captain America 2' On Top of 'Rio 2'
b Arizona adds 17000 jobs in March, but unemployment rate holds steady
e Record Store Day
e Actor Director: Richard Attenborough
t Google senior VP and head of Google+ to leave after eight years
e Studio gives Kickstarter Veronica Mars movie backers substandard, DRM  ...
e Privacy row after German newspaper publishes photo of Duchess of  ...
b Early movers: NFLX, WYNN, APP, BA, PF, GM & more
b Hillshire Farms to buy Pinnacle Foods
t Starbucks Rolling Out Wireless Phone Charging Nationwide
t DVF-Designed Glass Frames Announced
b This year's BrandZ list is a vital guide on how to future-proof your brand
e Megan Fox debuts on Instagram
e Captain Janeway Thinks The Sun Revolves Around The Earth?
b BNP Paribas Said to Plan Guilty Plea Monday in US Probe
e Keith Richards and daughter pen children's book
t Why Facebook is rolling the dice on virtual reality
t Huawei Intros the Ascend P7 – Great Specs, but no US Launch Plans
b Here Are Seven Ways Argentine Debt Crisis Could Get Fixed
m Microbes in Placenta Also Found in Mouth
t MotoGP Marc Marquez Shines At Talismanic Texan Track
m Why You Can Still Catch The Mumps, Even If You've Been Vaccinated
t New 'Earth-like planet' discovered
e Beyoncé Seen Apartment Hunting In Chelsea Without Jay Z, Further Fueling  ...
e Robert Hastings - Actor Bob Hastings Dies At 89
t With Alarmist New Report, Obama Environmental Agenda In High Gear
t Google Glass gets a makeover from fashion royalty
e Hangout's effect on Gulf Shores restaurants may not be what you think
e Gabriel Garcia Marquez dies
t Leaked Document Allegedly Shows Apple Will Unveil iPhone 6 On Tuesday  ...
e 'Neighbors' wears out its welcome
b Walmart Sues Visa -- More Suits to Come
t Facebook's experiment causes a lot of fuss for little result
e Kate Upton's Illusion Met Gala 2014 Dress Shows Off Lots Of Cleavage
e Tap Snaps: Miley Cyrus' Bangerz tour
e 'This is disgusting' Cheerleader with hunting hobby sparks fury posing with  ...
b Ten States With the Lowest Unemployment
e Good Question: Is There A Healthy Way To Divorce?
e Rolf Harris admits feeling 'sickened' by his behaviour but insists teenager was a  ...
e BEYONCE AND JAY Z Announce 'On The Run Tour' Benefitting the Shawn  ...
e I WANNA MARRY HARRY: RECAP FOR MAY 20, 2014
e WATCH: What did Oprah do to make Pharrell cry?
b IRS budget, audits shrink as responsibilities grow | POLL
t Watch Heroes Rescue a Stranded Baby Dolphin on a Florida Beach
b Tesla's Customer Deposits, North American Demand And The Will To Believe
t BlackBerry aims to reverse emerging market slump
e Singer-producer Pharrell Williams to join NBC show 'The Voice'
b Oil And Gold Analysis: Crude Prices Dip
b Snapchat reportedly valued at $10B US
t Macbook Pro Retina vs. MacBook Air 2014 Specs, Features, Price  ...
b After Uproar, Social Security Chief Halts Seizures of Tax Refunds to Pay for Old  ...
e Atheists' Easter taunt to Christians: 'Jesus is a myth'
m 1.8 million pounds of ground beef recalled over E. coli contamination
t NSA documents describe botnet-style automated mass malware infection
e You Could be in 'Star Wars: Episode VII' and Video from the Abu Dhabi Set
b Market Wrap: Big Time Merger Monday; GM Expands Ignition Switch Effort  ...
b Retail sales down in March: StatsCan
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West Wedding: What We Know, So Far
b The Redskins Will Be in Search of a New Name
b This Chart Is Signaling Weakness Ahead
e Wanted man posted Ice Bucket Challenge on Facebook, police say
e Video: Duck Dynasty's Phil Robertson goes on new homophobic rant
t Mercedes-Benz Posts Strongest Half-Year's Sales Results In The Company's  ...
t NASA tries space kits to engage kids
e Shia LaBeouf 'in rehab'
m E-cigarettes help you quit but may not keep you alive
t Apple Takes Subtle Shot at Samsung in Full-Page Newspaper Ad
t Galaxy Tab S Pre-Orders Begin June 13th At Midnight For $399 And $499
e Jack White breaks vinyl sales record, Destiny's Child reunites: music notes
t Astronomers spot first possible "exomoon"
e Six Stylish Specimen: This week's must-see looks
e Hip Hop Rumors: Beyonce and Jay-Z Beef Up Security
t Twitter for Android and iOS get Photo Tagging
b China City Warns About Tap Water After Benzene Level Spikes
m RIKEN panel puts all the blame on Obokata
t Heartbleed bug: McAfee releases free tool to identify websites upgraded to  ...
b Charles Krauthammer: Who made the pivot to Asia? Putin
e Peter Dinklage Talks Tyrion's Pivotal Game of Thrones Season 4 Finale Scene
e Lucasfilm says 'Star Wars: Episode VII' won't use Expanded Universe stories  ...
t Google starts to forget: first 'irrelevant' links removed in compliance with EU ruling
t Ancient Dinosaur Footprints Discovered In Utah
b Ronald McDonald Is Getting A Makeover, And He's Coming To Twitter
e US stocks mixed in late afternoon trading as traders monitor Iraq developments  ...
t Google Glass Could Assist Surgeons
m Former MERS patient released from central Florida hospital
t Ham radio operators turn a serious exercise into fun
b P.F. Chang's confirms hack, switches to old-school card machines during  ...
e Beyonce, Jane Lynch and Jennifer Garner Fight to “Ban Bossy”
b Medtronic's purchase of Covidien raises questions about jobs in Mansfield
e J-ROC Explains Role On 'Xscape' Project
t Microsoft exploring Xbox virtual reality devices, report claims
e TRENDING: Brad Paisley takes selfie with Westboro Baptist Church protesters
e Demi Lovato Tweets 'Bye B**ch' to Selena Gomez, Unfollows Former Friend on  ...
b Obama to name new VA chief
b US stocks gain on upbeat US payroll report; Dow rises 0.54%
t SAP takes its cloud, data, and mobile offerings to Microsoft Azure
t Microsoft Finally Closes $7.5 Billion Nokia Acquisition
b TSX set to open higher, Dollar rises
b Judge Denies Move To Take Recalled GM Cars Off the Road
b US factories more competitive than Brazil China, to be cheaper too
e Duchess of Cambridge in new privacy row as German newspaper publishes  ...
b Bank of America reports first quarter loss of $276 million
b Report says student loan lenders demanding full repayment when co-signer dies
t The PlayStation 4 Keeps the Lead in February, but the Xbox One is Closing in.
e Rolf Harris faces new allegations of sex abuse
e NYC Mayor de Blasio to make good on bet tonight on Jimmy Kimmel Live!
e Transformers Age of Extinction scores biggest box office opening of 2014
e Kim Kardashian Slams 'In Touch' For Faking A Photo Of Her
b GTT Added to Russell Indexes
t More than 250 new emojis announced by Unicode
b Opinion: Putin's trade deal with China confirms Russia's transformation
b Obamacare premium increases eclipse previous eight years combined
e Insider: Selena Gomez fires parents as managers
e Nicki Minaj Twitter Feud with Iggy Azalea Results in Major 'Shade' During BET  ...
b In memoir, Timothy Geithner suggested Hillary Clinton as Treasury Department  ...
e Netflix Greenlights Animated Kids Series 'The Magic School Bus: 360 Degrees'
b ASML cuts guidance for first half of 2014
b Gold holds near four-month low as ECB move on rates awaited
b Analysis - US stock valuation metrics make strategists nervous
b US MIDDAY: gold rises
e Lana Del Rey Debuts 'West Coast' Video [Watch]
e Movie Review: “The Purge” (Rated R)
m Oscar Pistorius returns to court
b Yahoo, PNC among early US stock winners
e Miley Cyrus 101: Skidmore College Offers Class About the Pop Star! (VIDEO)
e Eminem and Rihanna to perform at MTV Movie Awards
b MARKET SNAPSHOT: US Stocks Edge Lower; Home Builders Retreat
e Insane Clown Posse loses lawsuit over FBI gang designation
e Watch Lorde, Pharrell, Nas & Jay-Z at Coachella 2014 [VIDEO]
b Asia shares rise for second day ahead of Yellen testimony
t Nest's Learning Thermostat Lands In The UK, First Market Outside North  ...
b Greenwald: New NYT Editor Has Disturbing History of Being 'Subservient' to Gov't
t FTC: Snapchat deceived customers, stored videos
b Vatican bank clean-up and account closures wipe out 2013 profit
e Kaley Cuoco Calls Breast Implants The 'Best Thing I've Ever Done'
t Burger King Baby Reunited With Her Biological Mom With A Side Of Hugs! Find  ...
e The Mary Sue's Orphan Black Season 2 Premiere Liveblog!
b Barclays Dark Pool Shunned by Clients
t 'Mario Kart 8' Review - Wii U's Golden Bullet
t What Dr. Dre's Son Is Saying About His Dad's Billionaire Status!
b Mt. Gox finds 200000 missing bitcoins - Business, Government Legal News from  ...
t International Space Station to Beam Video via Laser Back to Earth
b Uncertainty persists as health-care deadline approaches
b ECB summer rate cut looks likely
b GM to offer owners of recalled vehicles $500 off new purchase
e Toby Kebbell Lands Doctor Doom Role in 'Fantastic Four' Reboot
b President Obama: Vladimir Putin misreading U.S.
b Southwest Airlines Plants Roots In Klyde Warren Park
e Batman Vs Superman 1st Pic Of Henry Cavill In The Superman Suit Hit The Net
e Kim Kardashian 'narrowed down' her wedding gown
t Microsoft Developing Xbox Virtual Reality Devices, Claims Report
b JPMorgan releases better than estimated earnings
e See the Newest 'Gone Girl' Trailer With Neil Patrick Harris and a Very Broody  ...
t Google glass to be banned from Devon cinemas
m Don't Fry Day: A Reminder to Protect Your Skin
m Study: 1 In 9 Oregon Deaths Involves Alcohol
b Kashi settlement means some products will lose 'All Natural' labels
m Prevent Stroke by Eating Adequate Amounts of Protein, Study Says
b American and JetBlue End Interline and Frequent Traveler Programs
b China e-commerce giant Alibaba set for US IPO
b ECB ties easing to exchange rate
b Maryland health exchange expected to adopt Connecticut's technology
t Ex-Microsoft Employee Arrested for Win 8 Trade Secret Leaks
m ANC Frowns At Ellen
t Audio is the reason for Titanfall's 48GB install on the PC
e 'Game of Thrones' Season 4 finale 'The Children' recap: Death is only the  ...
b Minister: GE likely to raise stakes for Alstom to beat Siemens
t TSLA: Man Builds Own Tesla-Charging Network in China
b Consumer prices rose just 1.5 percent for all of 2013, down from 1.8 percent in  ...
b Cocaine-filled condoms 'sent to Vatican caught by Germany'
e DANCING WITH THE STARS: RECAP FOR APRIL 21, 2014
t Password Change Time! Ebay Has Been Hacked
e Joss Whedon makes new film 'In Your Eyes' immediately available online for $5
e Watch Jenny Lewis and Some Friends in Her New Video, 'Just One of the Guys'
t Scientists Discover 3 Closely Orbiting Supermassive Black Holes In Distant Galaxy
t siliconANGLE » Playing the Heartbleed blame game
t Watch Dogs ctOS app user reviews uncovers problems
e Harrison Ford's Broken Leg Freezes 'Star Wars' Production For 2 Weeks
b Weibo shares rebound after weak IPO
e 'Full House' revival reportedly in the works
b London cabs snarl traffic in Uber protest
b Renewable energy sector has huge potential for job creation: study
b PHH, BB&T Bank Current Mortgage Rates Today Mar 23
e The Other Woman Settles for Cheap Laughs
m Study sheds new light on autism
t Comcast, Time Warner and Congress: Perfect Together
b ECONOMY: Keeping interest rates low resonates in Inland area
t Reminder: AAPL Q2 Earnings Report this Wednesday
b Icahn Sees New Buyers for Family Dollar After $8.5 Billion Dollar Tree Bid
t FBI, EuroPol And NCA Hijack Botnet And What You Should Do
e We just can't get enough ... of Zac Efron!
t The Oppo Find 7 launches, boasts 50 megapixel photography using just a 13  ...
e 'Sharknado 2: The Second One': 5 reasons we watched, explained by social media
e 'Power Rangers' reboot in the works from Lionsgate
t Samsung reveals Gear 2 smartwatch and Gear Fit fitness band price and release  ...
t NASA discovers most Earth-like planet in 'Habitable Zone'
b Microsoft Wins In The Cloud, Suffers On PCs In New CEO's First Quarter
t Rear-view cameras to be included in all new cars in U.S. by 2018: Long-awaited  ...
t Microsoft expected to take on iPad mini with smaller Surface launch
m When Older People Walk Now, They Stay Independent Later
b American, US Airways changing the rules for checked-bag fees and earning free  ...
b JC Penney interfered with Macy's pact, judge says
m Upgraded cochlear implant regrows auditory nerves
t Tesla adds titanium underbody shield and aluminum deflector plates to Model S  ...
t Glass Concept Stylus 'Google Draw' Allows You To Paint The World Red...Or  ...
e 'Muppets Most Wanted' review: Caper for 'Muppet Show' lovers
t Tesla Model X Update: Late 2014 Production, Early 2015 Deliveries
t New Samsung checks heart and pays bills
e VIDEO: Lindsay Lohan Wants to "Work and Take Care of Me Right Now"
e Jada Pinkett Smith 'Gotham' Star Says Willow Smith and Moises Arias' Racy  ...
e 'How I Met Your Mother' finale: So, how did it all end?
b CEO John Chen declares war on BlackBerry leakers
b Syriac Orthodox patriarch buried near Damascus
e TV Baftas 2014: Red carpet arrivals from Jamie Dornan and Aaron Paul to Olivia  ...
b Is Yellen behind the curve, or are investors misreading the Fed chief?
e Shia LaBeouf arrested for disruptive behaviour during Cabaret musical
e Draft Day's Kevin Costner offers his take on sports movies (with video)
t Samsung Galaxy Ace Style: Entry Level Android KitKat Smartphone Goes Official
b Hillshire Gets a Sweetened Offer From Pilgrim's Pride
e Justin Bieber wants to be a Calvin Klein model? - Undies pics (and some dodgy  ...
b Nifty hits 7500, Sensex up over 150 points in early trade
t Android wants to wrap your wrist: Worth your time?
e Miley Cyrus Rushed To The Hospital For An Allergic Reaction
e The Bachelorette Week 2 Recap, 3 Men Eliminated, Craig Muhlbauer Sings to  ...
e Why Is Leonardo DiCaprio Being Dragged Into Death of Katie Clearyâ€™s  ...
t Governments request Google to share user information
e Actor Mickey Rooney dies at 93
t Amazon launches Dash, a home barcode scanner
e House Music Pioneer Frankie Knuckles Has Died
t Leaked photos may reveal Samsung's premium Galaxy F for first time ever
m Roche's Breast Cancer Drug Priced Too High, UK Watchdog States
e Peaches Geldof's big sister Fifi posts poignant tribute
m 3 Biotech Companies That Look To Be Good Buys After A Pullback
e Bryan Cranston: 'Walter White Got What He Deserved'
b Inflation a prime concern for Fed, Yellen says
b HK lowers travel alert for Thailand
b Ryanair launches biz travel product
e Beyoncé & Jay Z Kick Off Their 'On The Run' Tour With 42-Song Setlist
e (Photo : Allure Magazine) Kristen Bell nude for "Allure."
b Twitter Inc (TWTR) Meltdown Continues
b China's Alibaba embarks on US IPO journey
t BlackBerry ends T-Mobile US partnership
t Scientists observe cosmic inflation and quantum gravity in the Big Bang
e The Battle Of The Five Armies: What we've learnt from the new Hobbit trailer
e Fans Outraged At Photo Of Willow Smith In Bed With 20 Year-Old Man
e Time-traveling heroes: The latest X-Men sequel, fast-paced and humorous, stays  ...
e 'Avengers 2' Sequel to Feature Spidey? 'Amazing Spider-Man 2' Producer  ...
b Retreat from tech stocks drives market lower
t Comcast, Time Warner: Merger would be a disaster
e Jolly Ol' Saint Patrick
t Amazon expected to unveil 3D smartphone to court mobile shoppers
m Planned Parenthood Director Compares Abortion to “Getting a Shot of Penicillin”
b FedEx Faces Federal Indictment Over Role In Distributing Controlled  ...
e 'Best worst movie ever made' - world braces itself for Sharknado 2
t Moto 360 smartwatch straps shown off in new mock-ups
b Report: Americans want better quality fast food
m Study: Autism May Begin Developing In Infants During Pregnancy
e Full House Reboot Rumor: Twitter Gets All Warm And Fuzzy
e Joaquin to star in Woody Allen film
e Tribeca Film Festival: What to see this week
b Concerns rise as HK groups plan to block financial zone
b Botox-maker Allergan rejects takeover bid from Valeant
t Hackers knock out online video game service
b Poll: Michigan voters support state money for Detroit to minimize pension cuts in  ...
b UK sells 4.2 bln stg of shares in Lloyds
b Canada Stocks to Watch: Amaya Gaming, Crescent Point, Encana and more
e Fans to mark MJ's fifth anniversary
t Another reason to quit Internet Explorer
t Net Neutrality is Coming to an End
b NZD Major Mover in Tepid Trade-DailForex.com
e Once Upon a Time Season 4: Who Should Play Elsa?
t Sling Media Introduces $150 Slingbox M1 Box, Upgraded SlingTV UI, And A  ...
e Review Roundup: There Were Some HIMYM Defenders
e Miranda Kerr, Orlando Bloom Divorce Update: Actor Admits he has not Dated  ...
t UPDATE: FTC: T-Mobile made hundreds of millions from unwanted SMS features
b Walmart launches money transfer service.
b Dudley: Fed Will Eye Market Reaction in Timing Rate Hikes
m Why dark chocolate really IS good for you: Stomach microbes turn cocoa into a  ...
e Eric Hill Death Shakes The Bachelorette Cast; Andi Dorfman Racked With Guilt
m How to cut risk of Middle East respiratory syndrome
b Bulgarians arrested after 'plot' against banks
b If you're traveling next week, get ready for traffic jams
b IMF offers Ukraine up to $18 billion in loans; UN condemns Crimean vote | The  ...
t Text-to-911 Program Debuts Across Nation
e The Day Twitter Music Died
b US STOCKS-Wall St little changed ahead of data; Barclays lawsuit in focus
b Ride-share companies hit roadblock in Pittsburgh
e Big hits, notable misses on Emmy red carpet
t 'Flappy Bird' Creator Might Bring The Game Back
t Jupiter's 400-year storm could be clearing
e Photos: A Look Back at the 1964 World's Fair in New York City
m Health workers in Guinea's capital to hunt for Ebola cases
b IMF: World economy gains but faces too-low inflation and capital losses from  ...
t Google Glass goes for style; Box plans IPO; nCino, LabCorp name new execs  ...
b DC pot group submits ballot initiative signatures
e Wu-Tang Clan Disses Andre Johnson After He Cut Off His Penis
b REVEALED: This Is What The Food And Decor Looks Like At Taco Bell's New  ...
t Breaking – Microsoft Surface 3 Launches as iPad Air, MacBook Air Rival
t Twitter introduces real time pop-up notifications
b Obamacare enrollment nears 1.4 million in California exchange
t Microsoft's Bing follows in Google's footsteps and starts removing links under the  ...
t Sony Xperia Z2 vs HTC One M8 – Specifications and Pricing Compared
t Gas Prices Continue to Soar; Where to Find it Cheap in La Mesa
m Spread of Ebola virus raises risk of business disruption and protests against  ...
m Hiding victims of ebola is now illegal in Sierra Leone
e Filmmakers indicted in Sarah Jones train fatality
e Afte Being Attached Since 2006, Director Edgar Wright Leaves Marvel's 'Ant-Man'
m Report says nickel in iPad, other devices may cause rash
t Google Inc (GOOGL) Testing A Drastic Gmail Redesign
t Every Sunday NFL game on your iPad? Standalone Sunday Ticket is reportedly  ...
b Pfizer chases AstraZeneca for potential $125 billion deal
t ThinkPad notebook computer battery packs recalled
m Mers infects 68, kills 10 in UAEیو اے ای بتر مرس وائرسان 10مانشے ہلاک انی 68متاثر
b A stock rally falters as US earnings disappoint
e 'Jeopardy!' winning streak is over for Julia Collins, TV game's top female player
b HQ move based on study, not pitch from Gov. Perry, Toyota says
b There Is 1 Clear Loser Between Russia and Ukraine
e The Bachelorette 2014 Spoilers: JJ O'Brien, Cody Sattler Eliminated During Italy  ...
t Creationists Accuse 'Cosmos' Of Being Scientifically Unbalanced
e VIDEO: Lea Michele Predicts How GLEE Will End & More on WATCH WHAT  ...
m Rising Saudi death toll from MERS
b IATA Announces New Pilot Programmes To Test NDC Schemas
t Apple in advanced talks to acquire Beats
t eBay database hacked, users asked to change passwords
b Euro rises, Bunds fall after ECB holds rates
b Why is Amazon Bullying Book Publishers?
t 250 new emojis are on the way
m You are here! Home > Features Analyses > Married people at less risk of  ...
m Polio's return triggers worldwide alert
b Home Depot Q1 Profit Climbs On Higher Comps, Lifts Earnings Forecast
t Iovine could be key Apple deal ingredient
e 'Game Of Thrones': 9 Burning Questions From The Finale
t Jimmy, the 3D printed home robot that can walk, talk and tweet: Intel reveal  ...
b Dollar underpinned by inflation data, all eyes on Fed
b Sbarro Files Second Bankruptcy as Mall Traffic Dwindles
m Scientists warn WHO not to stub out e-cigarettes
b Bank of Japan offers brighter view
b Stronger consumer spending lifts US economic growth in Q4
e Zac Efron Was Punched In Face By Homeless Men When His Car Broke Down
m Twin girls born holding hands in Ohio
t Mystery of Unearthed Ship Found At WTC Ground Zero Site Solved
b On China and growth
m State Health Department looks for administrator of medical marijuana program
b Administration extends health enrollment for some
t Federal Circuit patent bulletin: Apple Inc. v. Motorola, Inc.
e Bachelorette 2014: Who Got Eliminated on Episode 5 in France?
e Ariana Grande announced as 1st to perform at MTV Video Music Awards on Aug  ...
e Spike Lee to adapt 'She's Gotta Have it' into TV series for Showtime
e Stormy Glastonbury set for heavy metal debut
e Watch Bruce Springsteen Cover Van Halen's 'Jump' at March Madness Fest
t Grim climate forecast expected
e Russia's Anti-Gay Lobby Flips Lid Over Eurovision's Bearded Drag Queen
e Hilary Duff hints at possible reconciliation with husband Mike Comrie
b McDonald's dishes out Taco Bell slam in breakfast battle
m Report: British Girls are Europe's Most Overweight
b Mt Gox finds 200000 bitcoins in old virtual wallet
t Office Mobile App For iPhone Is Also Free
t Samsung designs a smart watch to replace smart phones: report
e High-minded 'Transcendence' is less-than-exceptional sci-fi fare
t Iran hackers spy on US leaders, Israel lobby using phony Facebook profiles
e Glee's 100th Episode Marks the "End of an Era" and the Beginning of a New  ...
t Security onus on users as apparent Apple compromise follows eBay attack
b Nasdaq has worst week since 2012
e New York Times firing spurs debate on pay equity, sexism
m West Nile virus leads to Martinez fogging
e Kanye West at Cannes Lions Creativity Conference: His 5 most outrageous quotes
e Rihanna's #FreePalestine tweet causes controversy
e 'Mad Men' Deconstruction: Ep. 7: 'Waterloo'
e World News Now: Monday, June 2, 2014
m Don't be too strict on e-cigarettes, academics urge WHO
m Yale University threatened to suspend student for being too skinny
e Will Ferrell And Drumming Doppelganger Chad Smith Slap The Skins, End  ...
b INSIGHT-How AstraZeneca escaped Pfizer's clutches this time
e Rapper cuts off penis, jumps from balcony
b Oil prices hit new nine-month peaks
t The top selling Android App in the Google Play store was allegedly a 'scam'
b Old pipe burst near UCLA floods Pauley Pavilion floor
m Learning a new language could benefit the brain, regardless of age
e Kate's Stylish Week in Red, White and Blue
b NY Times: No Need To Reexamine Gender Pay Equity After Abramson Firing
e Billy Dee Williams drops out of Dancing with the Stars
b Stray bullet may have downed the missing Malaysian jet MH370
m Paraplegic Kicks Off World Cup In Exo-Skeleton
b Medtronic to Acquire Device Maker Covidien for $42.9 Billion
e NBC Sets 'Music Man' Live Production
e Kevin Bacon's Epic "Tonight" Entrance Celebrates 30 Years of "Footloose"
e Ariana Grande: 'Bang Bang' Video with Jessie J & Nicki Minaj - WATCH NOW!
t Mobile app will get an ear for music said facebook
e 'The Voice' Adam Levine and Cee Lo Movie, After Drugs Arrest and Pharrell  ...
e From Mickey McGuire to Gus: Mickey Rooney dies at the age of 93
b Engineer: New Malaysia Plane Data 'Just Noise'
b Treasury Volatility Drops as Fed's Yellen Testifies on Rates Outlook
t ORWELL'S SILICON VALLEY
b FED PRESIDENT KOCHERLAKOTA: Big Jumps In Inflation Like We Just Saw  ...
b Euro zone bond yields dive as Draghi comments feed QE speculation
b Hague court orders Russia to pay $50 bln in Yukos case
t Blackberry buys 'anti-eavesdropping' mobile security firm Secusmart
t Amazon shows off Fire smartphone with 3D, mulitple cameras
b IRS Reports Tax Filing Numbers As Expected, Issues Statement On Refund Delays
e 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' Review
e 'Transformers: Age Of Extinction' Tops Box Office, Has Strong Opening In China
t Apple Launches Cheaper 8GB iPhone 5c to Boost Flagging Sales
t Review: Samsung GALAXY Note 3 Neo
t Facebook acquisition of virtual reality headset maker puzzling to some
m CDC's New Anti-Smoking Ads Aim to Shock
e 'Big Bang Theory' postpones production amid contract negotiations
b Twitter founders, CEO to keep shares
t Apple Has A New, Good Ad For The iPhone Featuring A Pixies Song
t Android Wear; Sony's Project Morpheus; 8GB iPhone 5c, No More iPad 2
e A New Guardians Of The Galaxy Digital Comic, Out Today, Written By Tim Seeley
t Apple iWatch to be unveiled on September 9 alongside the iPhone 6: Report
e Cliff Richard 'disappointed' after Morrissey support gig is axed
m WHO concerned by sharp rise in MERS cases; 75 per of recent cases human  ...
e Coachella Day 3 rewind: Final acts, fashion and Justin Bieber
e 'There's A Deep Love': Orlando Bloom Opens Up About Miranda Kerr Relationship
e Bloomberg: 9/11 museum needs federal money
e Kim Kardashian Shows Bra In Backless Dress [Photos]
e 'Amazing Spider-Man 2' Sets Up Supervillainous Sinister Six
t Titanfall 48GB PC Install Explained
t SpaceX cargo run to space station reset for Friday
b Eurozone Flash Composite PMI On Tap For Monday
m Tiny biotechs Sarepta and Revance make big waves on a strong day for the sector
m U.S Obesity Linked to Abundance of Cheap Food
e Solange Knowles Deletes Beyonce Social Media Pics After Jay Z Fight
t Galaxy S4 Price Drops to $179 on AT&T, Galaxy Note 3 Sells for $249
t Microsoft Goes Big with Surface Pro 3
e Kim Kardashian Confirms She's Not Married: 'Mrs. West Soon!'
e Sherri Shepherd breaks down saying goodbye to 'The View'
m Soda Industry Study Says Drink Diet Soda to Lose Weight
b US dollar strengthens on faster jobs growth and recovery hopes
b The Walt Disney Company (NYSE:DIS) – Maker Deal Hits Hurdle
t 'Past The Point Of No Return:' An Antarctic Ice Sheet's Slow Collapse
m E-cigs could stub out tobacco bonds
e Through the crystal ball: Pyshic tells Kim Kardashian she's ready for another baby
b Hedge fund settles US SEC case over whistleblower retaliation
m Measles Virus Used To Put Woman's Cancer Into Remission
t Chinese Military Claims to Design First Supersonic Submarine
b China not a 'manipulator' as US notes yuan weakness
b Satellite spots 300 objects in search for missing Malaysia Airlines plane
b E-commerce giant Alibaba heads for US IPO
b Inflation data give Fed another topic for debate
e Lena Dunham hosted 'Saturday Night Live,' and yes, she got naked (Liam  ...
e Weather Channel returning to DirecTV
b Crisil says no room for rate cut by RBI anytime soon
b US considers approving drones for filming movies
e Clooney's 'booze-fulled' argument during dinner
b Malaysian Airlines Flight 370 Update: Did A Chinese Satellite Spot The Wreckage?
m State bans anti-bacterial soap ingredient
e Dancing With the Stars Season 18 Finals Night 1: Performance Pics!
e CBS Announces One-Hour Premiere Date For The Big Bang Theory
b Stocks edge higher after Fed trims bond purchases
e Emotionally exhausted after 'Noah': Emma Watson
b European shares drift lower
b Japan Opens up Arms Export Market for First Time in 50 Years
t Tangible Play crowdfunds innovative vision-based education game Osmo for  ...
m Pennsylvania woman suspected of selling heroin out of her hospital room and ICU
e Music Monday's: Chris Brown Featuring Rick Ross & Usher 'New Flame'
e Kim and Kanye's wedding already has a slight hitch?
t Rumour: iPad Air 2 Will Get A8 Processor Bump and 8MP Camera
t Mozilla shuts down Firefox Metro project for Windows 8 touchscreen devices
t Nissan 2015 Versa - still cheap, now looks like family
b BlackBerry And Amazon: This Could Be The Beginning Of A Beautiful Friendship
t Apple Tries to Stay Cool with Possible Beats Electronics Buy
e Fans pay tribute to Gabriel Garcia Marquez
m Obama Overhaul Has Health Care Dominating '14 Rally: Muni Credit
b Apple said to be near buying Beats Electronics
t NASA tests Mars 'flying saucer'
e Justices Conflicted Over Aereo TV Copyright Fight
t Retailers Scramble to Stop Heartbleed Bug
b Om Malik: For Tesla, another year ahead of ramping up Model S production
m Daylight saving time can cause heart attacks, study finds
m Stop Calling Young Girls 'Fat'
e JK Rowling Releases New Harry Potter Short Story
b Barington Capital opposes Darden's sale of its Red Lobster business
t Google Glass offered in one-day sale
m Watch TV, die young?
e Lindsay Lohan was Pregnant and had Miscarriage: Who Was the Father of the  ...
t Aaron Paul's Xbox One ad is turning on Xbox One owners' consoles!
e First Look at Grant Gustin in Full Costume as The Flash
e Watch Emma Stone's Epic Lip Sync Battle With Jimmy Fallon!
b Real Estate Info Service Zillow Buys Trulia For $3.5 Billion In Stock
b FM Lavrov accuses Ukrainian acting interior minister of connivance with extremists
b FAA: Jet nearly collided with drone
e Mom: 3-year-old forced to urinate in plane seat
e Game of Thrones' King Joffrey Covers Entertainment Weekly
m Eye test may be able to detect Alzheimer's decades before onset
t Flappy is a plush toy game controller for playing Flappy Bird
t Longitude Prize launched with £10m awaiting winner
t From Leaker to Speaker
b Facebook Q1 revenues up 72% to $2.5B; mobile brings over half of ad revenue
t Google, Samsung, Redskins, LDS Church: Intellectual Property
b MARKET COMMENT: Miners Lead UK Stocks Higher Amid Deluge Of Data
e New York Premiere of 'Wish I Was Here' [Photos]
t John Oliver's hilarious plea for trolls to defend net neutrality overloads the FCC's  ...
m Florida ranks 28th for the health of its seniors
e Daily Dish: 5/12/2014 Sentinel & Enterprise
e Selena Gomez Dumps Justin Bieber On Twitter Because She Wasn't His Date  ...
b Malaysia jet search expands from Australia to Kazakhstan; last words from co  ...
e Beyonce and Jay Z announce joint summer tour On The Run
b ASX at the close
t 1st the blood moon, now the Supermoon
m MERS Virus: Camels Further Implicated Through Live Sample
t Feds Ignored Complaints about GM Defect That Led to 13 Deaths: Report
b CHINESE MANUFACTURING HITS 7-MONTH HIGH
m Air Pollution Now Linked To 1 In 8 Deaths Worldwide
b Stocks higher at midday after string of down days
m VA boss plans 'personnel action' this week in wait-list case
t Satya Nadella unveils 'Touch First' version of Office for iPad
e One Direction stars smoke roll-up cigarette and joke about drug use in shocking  ...
m Protect yourself from skin cancer
t Sony unveils PS4 virtual reality headset
e Beyonce sister attacks Jay-Z in lift
b Markit US manufacturing PMI rises to highest since May 2010
t World close to tipping point on global warming, UN body warns
t 'Zonkey': Rare animal cross between a donkey and zebra born at Mexico zoo
e Childhood passions shape 'Guardians of the Galaxy' director's new Marvel  ...
e First Official Jurassic World Images; Plus Sequel Talk
e Third 'Divergent' Book will be Split into Two Movies
b Putin's pivot to the East
b Warren Buffett Singlehandedly Undermined Democrats' Main Argument Against  ...
t Microsoft Set to Announce Job Cuts Soon
e Elisabeth Hasselbeck "Shocked" by Sherri Shepherd Leaving The View
b A mandate for change
e Investigators: Speed caused Paul Walker crash
e Lena Dunham Sets the Record Straight on Her Platinum Blond Bowl Cut: "It's Not  ...
t 'Giraffe' meteor shower may burst into meteor storm Friday night: science roundup
e Ice Cube May Be First Star Ever Surprised By Losing at MTV Movie Awards
b Taxi drivers in big European cities stage strike in protest at privateers
e Franco calls Lindsay Lohan 'sex list' lies
e George Strait wins ACM Awards entertainer of year
b US STOCKS-S&P 500, Nasdaq end up as Fed in no rush to raise rates
t Viacom settles $1B copyright lawsuit against YouTube
b Entire state of California in drought, first time in 15 years
t Honda, Mazda & Nissan recall millions of vehicles over defective, possibly  ...
m US : Jerky treats linked to deaths of 1000 dogs
b Applications for US jobless aid up 2K to 304000
t Twitter unveils new mobile app promotion suite to drive installs
e Robert Downey Jr.'s Son Arrested For Drug Possession: Cocaine & Pipe Found  ...
e 'Mad Men' season 7, episode 2 review: Sally Draper as Don's conscience
t WeHo gets TWC Maxx ultra-fast Internet & better TV
t 4 low-end Galaxy phones running Kit Kat by Samsung
m West Nile Virus Spurs Spraying for Mosquitoes in Santa Clara County
m Ebola epidemic spreads to Liberia
e Katherine Heigl sues Duane Reade company over use of photo of her exiting  ...
t Year 15 of "Click It Or Ticket"
b OECD says global economy will grow more slowly than expected after cutting  ...
t Samsung Galaxy S4 and Samsung Galaxy Note 2 Android 4.4.2 KitKat Guide  ...
t Wolverton: Amazon phone unlikely to catch Fire
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Mini unveiled, will launch in July with weaker specs
e Lana Del Rey's melancholic "Ultraviolence" twists its way to excellence
e 'Draft Day' movie review
m Case Report Describes Allergic Contact Dermatitis From iPad
e Directed by Jake Kasdan
m Nation's largest home health care provider settles with feds for $150 million
t AP source: US to announce $1.2B Toyota settlement
b Burger King buys Tim Hortons: Warren Buffett defends deal against tax inversion  ...
b Sovaldi Sales at Gilead Key to Earnings in First Quarter
t Yahoo! CEO Sells $1254960 in Stock (YHOO)
e Brady Bunch Actress Ann B Davis Dies In Tragic Accident, Aged 88
t Beats Powerbeats2 Earphones Announced
b Twitter hits new user milestone, stock responds
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Release Date Faces another Possible Roadblock
t The Latest iPhone 6 Concept Is Big, Beautiful, But Square?
t Xbox One to launch in India and 25 other countries in September
b WWE Shares Tumble 43 Percent After TV Deal With NBCUniversal
e Mind Blown: Hello Kitty Is Not A Cat But A British Young Girl
m STUDY: Eat More Fruits and Veggies, Live (Almost) Forever
e Lionsgate will put forth a new Power Rangers film, about morphin' time
t Google's April Fools' Day pranks: From Gmail Shelfies to Pokemon Maps and more
e Posh Spice jealous of Kimye's Vogue cover
t Audi To Bring Apple's CarPlay System In Its Cars Starting 2015
b Is Amazon wrecking your beach reads?
e Game of Thrones author George RR Martin reacts to shock scene change
e Cyrus in hospital after axing show
e Local businesses offer array of Irish eats, entertainment on St. Patrick's Day
e Once Upon a Time Casts Its Elsa
b Dow gains triple digits on upbeat data; CBS Outdoor rises amid debut
b Herbalife under FTC lens, finally!
m TOUCHING Dying zoo worker gets goodbye kiss from giraffe
e VIDEO: Is Lady Gaga's "G.U.Y." Music Video Her Craziest Yet?
b NLRB: McDonald's Can't Avoid Wage, Union Demands Through Franchisees
e #WCW: 7 Reasons Kristen Bell Should Be Our Best Friend
e Noah: Biblical extravaganza misses the boat
e 'Magic School Bus' Netflix Reboot Is Everything You've Been Waiting For (VIDEO)
e Bryan Singer calls sexual abuse allegations against him a 'sick twisted shake  ...
t Amazon Appstore expanding to Blackberry in the fall
b California hosts congressional drought hearing
e Watch: Eminem apologizes to his mom Debbie Mathers in an emotional music  ...
t Apple Close To Buying Headphone Maker Beats Electronics: FT
e Miley Cyrus Postpones Remaining U.S. Bangerz Tour Dates
t 5 quick tips to get more from Google Now
e Justin Bieber, Orlando Bloom and Miranda Kerr caught in a love pentagon
t Scientists Create 1st Living Organism From Artificial DNA
e Bachelorette 2014 Finale Synopsis: A “Surprising, Explosive Ending” to the  ...
t Microsoft Office is now available for free on Apple iPad
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Release Date: SKT Starts Selling The S5 Against  ...
b Chinese plane spots three suspected MH370 debris objects
m 10 Things to Know About New Autism Data
b Amazon Net Income Up in Quarter
t Google Flies Away With Drone Maker Titan Aerospace
b I-495 Closed at Bridge Over Christina River
b Wal-Mart kicks off spring with biggest sale ever on outdoor items
e The-Dream Turns Himself Into Police For Alleged Assault
b Bank of America delays stock dividend hike after accounting error
m Rare “Mono Mono” Twins Born Holding Hands
e Paul Stanley Shows No Respect For the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, Ace  ...
t Apple, Google settle one of the highest-profile lawsuits in technology
m E-Cigarettes Target Youth Festival Goers, Study Finds
e Emilia Clarke & Peter Dinklage Premiere 'Game of Thrones' Season 4!
m School bans student for shaving head in support
b Barclays Dark Pool Suit From NY Attorney General Might Be More Politics Than  ...
m Same-Sex Couples have Healthier and Happier Children
e Pythons slip back into the old routine one more time
e Angelina made an honorary Dame
t Samsung sues newspaper for $284k over negative reports on Galaxy S5
b Passenger's family sues airline, Boeing
b IBM Slips: Q1 Revenue Misses, EPS In-Line; Year EPS View Beats
e Channing Tatum Has Met with X-Men Producers About Playing Gambit
e Son of Downey Jr. arrested on suspicion of cocaine possession
t Driverless Cars Will be Tested on U.K. Roads This January
b Dotcom's Mega seeks $210 mln backdoor listing on NZX
b Tiffany Q1 Profit Climbs On Higher Sales & Margins; Boosts FY EPS View
e Kids' Choice Awards winners: One Direction, Selena Gomez, Ariana Grande  ...
b Twitter stock down amid user growth
e Rosie O'Donnell: 'Lindsay' is a tragedy
t Recalls: BMW Takata Airbags, Holden, Jeep, Mitsubishi, Subaru
m Agent: Pistorius planned travel with girlfriend - wistv.com - Columbia, South  ...
t WhatsApp reacts to privacy concerns
t Nike CEO 'Excited' About Future of Fitness Partnership with Apple
e Game Of Thrones 'Has Made Fantasy Cool Again'
t Nike Says The FuelBand Isn't Dead, New Color Options Coming
e Jimmy Fallon Pranked The Roots By Making One Little Change To The Fifty  ...
t Samsung Galaxy K Zoom: The 20.7 megapixel cameraphone with 10x optical  ...
e Home WhatsOn 'Like a Rolling Stone' draft could sell for $2M
m Tainted food still ailing Americans, report says
t Motorola Moto E is an entry-level Android phone (leaks)
b Whole Foods dives after cutting outlook again
t Opinion: Fewer work hours, more vacation for everybody
b Tesla, New York agree on direct sales
b Fed Approves Morgan Stanley's Capital Plan
b Population Shift to Urban Areas Slows
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Mini Purportedly Spotted on Samsung UK Site
e Beyoncé changes song lyrics on tour, sparks Jay-Z infidelity rumors
t GM Unveils Most Powerful Drop-Top Corvette
b Emirates Airlines Cancels Airbus A350 Plane Order
b Some families filing claim against Boeing and MAS over MH370
e Watch Drake Sing “Let It Go” as Manny Pacquiao
b Harsh winter hits US consumer sentiment
m Mother arrested for drinking beer and breastfeeding
m Ebola outbreak in Guinea: 203 confirmed cases, 129 deaths
e Madonna Dresses Up in 'Game of Thrones' Costume for Jewish Holiday
t Apple Inc. (AAPL) And Facebook Inc (FB) Both Impress In Their Own Ways
e Shia LaBeouf: Actor Tried To Steal McDonald's Food From Homeless Man  ...
m Shaved companions make beards better
e GODZILLA Director Gareth Edwards to Helm Upcoming STAR WARS Spinoff Film
b Watch Two Planes Narrowly Avoid Collision at the Barcelona Airport
e Wintour 'lays down Vogue style rules'
e Scotty McCreery robbed at gunpoint during home invasion
e Jimmy Kimmel takes one in the face from Clayton Kershaw
t This is Microsoft's new Surface Pro 3, in pictures
b European Markets Fall, AstraZeneca Slumps
e 5 years after death: Michael Jackson remembered
b Amazon teams up with Twitter to launch tweet-to-buy service
t Assembly passes bill that would keep Tesla operating in NJ
e Orphan Black Creators: "We Always Knew" Helena Was Alive
b Gold price clings to $1300/oz as Ukraine tension eases
m Guinea deaths: Ebola blamed for deadly fever outbreak
e Colbert hosting 'Late Show' raises questions, hope
e The Bachelorette Finale Recap: Andi's Frown Turns Upside Down
t BlackBerry Ltd to announce app licensing deal with Amazon: Sources
m Ebola Crisis in West Africa Deepens; 500+ Dead
t Red Hat buys French cloud integration firm for $95M (RHT)
e Garcia Marquez widow "full of sadness," a friend says
m Missouri company recalls 4000 pound of beef because of mad cow fear
e Nyong'o, Pharrell Williams among new Academy members
b US auto sales hit 9-year high in May - New Jersey Herald
b Bill could put Detroit under state financial oversight for 20 years
e Check Out Jay Z & Beyonce's Action Packed 'Run' Trailer
t Facebook buys 'virtual reality' startup Oculus for more than $2 billion
b Shire Pharmaceutical shares soar on rejected AbbVie bid
e Actress Jodie Foster ties the knot with girlfriend
t Oppo launches Find 7 with a 2K dis...
e Kardashian family feud threatens to spoil Kimye wedding as Rob dramatically  ...
b FTC Investigating Herbalife
b Deutsche Bank to strengthen capital using 'organic' options first
t Most Popular Stories
e The darker side of Comic-Con: Harassment amid the fantasy
t Xbox Entertainment Studios shutdown has 'not impacted' Quantum Break
e Orlando Bloom feels 'a deep love' for ex-wife Miranda Kerr
e Steve Wynn, George Clooney clash over Obama
m Bangkok Jack Aims to Lead Medical Marijuana Seed Patents
t Driverless cars are mastering navigation of city streets: Google
e Alien: Isolation to see original Alien cast return in pre-order bonus missions
t Pew: Internet's Future Faces Problem of Government Malfeasance
b Just add items to create a watchlist now:
e WATCH: Emma Stone and Jimmy Fallon Lip Sync Battle on "The Tonight Show"
e CFDA Fashion Awards
t For One Day Only, Anyone Can Buy Google Glass
b OECD trims 2014 world growth forecast to 3.4pc
e Mila Kunis Reveals Plans for Natural Birth, Talks about Food Cravings [WATCH  ...
t Samsung's Newest Commercial: Getting you to Upgrade from the Galaxy S3 to  ...
e WHOA! Selena Gomez Plunges Into A Slitty, Sexy New Dress In Italy!
m After being mauled by raccoon, Michigan girl getting new ear
e Prince releases surprise new single 'The Breakdown' - listen
e Newsmakers: Rooney to be laid to rest among Hollywood royalty
e Skyrocketing Price Of Limes Impacts Cinco de Mayo
t SAVE NET NEUTRALITY, urges Steve Wozniak in open letter to bigwigs
m Delivering the Difficult News of a Type 2 Diabetes Diagnosis
e 22 Jump Street Wins Weekend Box Office
b US consumer confidence improves in March
e Mila Kunis Debuts Baby Bump
b Texas Weekly Gas Price Update and Outlook
m Oz pummelled by lawmakers on health claims, TV health show host says he's  ...
t Active Alaskan volcano has low-level eruption
e Actors to double for Paul Walker on Fast & Furious
e Mila Kunis Is Surprisingly Candid About Her Personal Life
b China shares close up as weak manufacturing surveys spur stimulus hopes
m Poor and Fat: the Nasty Truth about Cheap Food and Obesity
b Neasa: Numsa must reconsider strike
b $A at the mercy of two central banks
t Google starts work on 'right to be forgotten'
m MERS deaths in Saudi Arabia pass 100
e Kim Kardashian's Side Boob Steals All the Attention From Her Slim Bod (PHOTO)
e 'Bears' Is Gorgeous, Family Friendly
e AC/DC Retirement Rumors Flare up on Internet Feeds
m Pregnant women should 'avoid all alcohol'
e 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' Movie Spoilers: A New Plot Twist, Serious  ...
e Jennifer Lawrence And Emma Watson Are Front Row Friends At Dior
b Labor Plans Fast-Food Protests for US, Overseas
e 'Mad Men' brings business boom for antique dealers
t Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 7.0 press renders leaked
b Reynolds American Lights up Lorillard: Chart of the Day
b Can Tim Hortons win over US market?
e Louis Tomlinson talks One Direction being in control of their own careers: 'The  ...
e Angelina Jolie On Motherhood, Future Collaboration With Brad Pitt & Wedding  ...
e Harry is born again for a short spell in Rowling's magic blog
t Xbox One to be launched in Singapore in September
b Jamie Dimon has throat cancer, to begin treatment shortly
t Here's what you need to know about the latest Apple-Samsung patent lawsuit
b Daily Market Update
t Facebook planning to use drones to spread Internet
t Why we're going to wait before getting Google Glass
e We Remember: Legendary Actress/Activist Ruby Dee Dies at 91
t Microsoft Windows XP support ends: how to upgrade After more than 12...
b Kerry Begins India Visit Aiming To Reboot Ties
b No breakthrough as S.Africa engineering, metal strike bites
m Eczema Could Reduce The Risk Of Skin Cancer, Research Shows
m 4000 pounds of rib-eyes, other beef recalled
b Shell Selling Large Block of Woodside Petroleum Shares
t Facebook to buy virtual reality goggles maker Oculus for $2 bn
t Time Warner starts 'major' network upgrade in Los Angeles
m Japanese scientist withdraws `groundbreaking` stem cell research
e 'Divergent' film finale to be released in two parts following a lucrative formula
b Siemens says standing by should Alstom-General Electric talks collapse
t Here's even more proof the Surface Pro 3 is coming soon
m County Office of Education Awarded $1.3M for Tobacco, E-Cigarette Use  ...
e New "Game of Thrones" Season Four Trailer Released
m Southern part of state has least healthy counties
t Powermat Teams With Starbucks To Roll Out Wireless Chargers Nationwide
e Dolson to appear on 'The Tonight Show'
e Ginnifer Goodwin, Josh Dallas tie the knot
b Healthcare cuts canceled after Dem complaints
b Philip Morris International Cuts Projected Earnings
m Scans May Help Predict Recovery from Vegetative State
e Unable to erase the dead Paul Walker from 'Fast and Furious 7', producers eye  ...
m Chimerix to Provide Brincidofovir to Josh Hardy as First Patient in New Open  ...
e Tantalizing Secrets and Lies in the New 'Gone Girl' Trailer
e Game Of Thrones Power Rankings: The Lion And The Rose
e Khloé Kardashian celebrates her 30th birthday with $25K ring from French  ...
b Nevada Health Link holding signup event at Cashman Field
b Prosecutor: 10 people unaccounted for in Jersey shore motel fire that killed 3  ...
e Memorial Service For Casey Kasem To Be Held June 21
t What Would You Do to Get Your Cell Phone Back?
b Tesco shares gain as City shrugs off weaker profits
b Keith J. Kelly
b Breaking (Bad?) SAP HANA Boss Vishal Sikka Resigns
e A sweet slice of Mad Men life
e PICTURES: Metallica brings Creeping Death to Glastonbury
t 3300 year old tomb and pyramid entrance unearthed in Egypt
e Sandra Bullock came face-to-face with stalker in her own home
e Garth Brooks Teases Big Announcement
t Facebook played with our emotions in data experiment. So what?
e Transformers: Age of Extinction Review
t Japan's NTT DOCOMO Will Begin Selling Apple's (AAPL) iPad Air, Mini on June  ...
b Google's mobile ad transition takes a bite out of earnings
e Game of Thrones fan hordes overwhelm Sky's Now TV
e 'Spring Breakers' sequel producers hit back at James Franco
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West reveal wedding snaps
t Amazon App Store offering over 30 paid apps for free
e Is Kourtney Kardashian pregnant?
e Jay Z attacked by sister-in-law Solange Knowles (with video)
b Gold drops after Putin talks easing Ukraine tensions
m Leading Doctor Insists 'Safe' Drinking While Pregnant is a Misnomer
e VIDEO: Southwest flight attendant makes flight tolerable for everyone on board
e 'Transformers' one long toy commercial (w/video)
e Sharing in the celebration
b Lawsuit challenges Vermont's GMO labeling law
e James Maslow Dancing With the Stars Jive Video 3/31/14 #DWTS
e A Piss Poor Justification for Publishing Kate Middleton's Butt Photos
e Justin Bieber mixes up words at deposition, ends up accidentally saying what we  ...
e Courtney Love joins 'Sons of Anarchy' in first ever TV role
e Pharrell Williams unveils 'Marilyn Monroe' video - watch
t UK opens probe into Facebook's psych experiment - WBOC-TV 16, Delmarvas  ...
b Don't be tempted to buy banks – here are two better options
t Top 5 Replacement Bands for the Samsung Gear Live and LG G Watch
e Review: HBO's eerie 'Leftovers' asks dark questions
b Gold prices steady in Asia in think arket ahead of US holiday
b Almost 1/3 of Chicago-area homeowners still significantly underwater
b California's Drought Will Cost $2.2 Billion and 17000 Jobs This Year, but 2015  ...
e Snapped clamp eyed as cause of circus accident
t New Bitcoin Student Club At MIT Will Promote the Virtual Currency
e The Physics of the Game of Thrones “Moon Door”
t What has Elon Musk so mad about an Air Force award (Video)
t Ford Corrects Fuel Economy of Six Models
e Fleetwood Mac Announces Tour Dates With Christine McVie
t Living Materials - Bacteria That Conduct Electricity And Emit Light
t Honda, Nissan, Mazda recall 2.8 million cars over faulty airbag
m CDC launching 50000-person study of HIV tests
e Richard Branson Makes Public Stand Against The Dorchester Collection
e Celine Dion to "All By Myself" Airport Guy: Let's Hang Out
e Katie Couric weds
t Westpac shows off fingerprint log in
e Peaches was wildest, funniest, cleverest, wittiest and the most bonkers... writing  ...
b Mortgage Interest Rates at TD Bank Saturday Jul 5, 2014
t Scientists Discover Earth-Like Planet 16 Light Years Away
e The ice bucket effect: The chilling viral challenge has raised more than $800000  ...
e Julia Collins on her record-breaking 'Jeopardy!' run, the upcoming category she  ...
t Microsoft Surface Pro 2 prices plummet in UK, with up to £150 discount
b GM excluded crash deaths from ignition inquiry
b German Ifo business morale falls to lowest this year in May
t Galaxy Tabs On Sale In Malaysia From July 11
b Exelon to Buy Pepco in All-Cash Deal -- Update
e Source: Jenny McCarthy exiting 'The View'
e 'The Bachelorette' spoilers: Will ABC air Andi Dorfman learning about Eric Hill's  ...
e Box Office: Captain America 2 Stays on Top
e Mark Ruffalo Blames Ben Affleck for Standing in the Way of His Relationship  ...
m MannKind - A Trail Of Failure Leading To Success
e Why Are All of Johnny Depp's Movies Bombing at the Box Office?
m The curse of Ebola
t Asteroids cause dozens of nuclear sized explosions in Earth's atmosphere
m National Infant Immunization Week recognizes value of immunizations in state
t Manuel Noriega is Suing Activision for Using His Likeness in Black Ops 2
m NIH alcohol calculator shows how much booze is in one drink
b Former directors are found guilty of Anglo Irish Bank plot
m HPV vaccine doesn't increase blood clot risk, study finds
e Tracy Morgan Upgraded to Fair Condition
e Clooney finally gives marriage another go
e Cumberbatch cast in Depp's Bulger biopic
b HSBC China Manufacturing PMI Rises -- 3rd Update
e Here's What We Know About True Detective Season 2 So Far
e Kim Kardashian Wishes Kanye Happy Father's Day, Posts New North West Pic
m FDA Approves Marketing for Prosthetic Arm System Capable of Complex Tasks
e Nia Vardalos confirms My Big Fat Greek Wedding sequel
e Movie-goers leave 'Fault in Our Stars' in tears
e Rob Kardashian pictured 'smoking and necking sizzurps' - as family worry party  ...
t Now You Can Text 911*
t Bing and Ask follow Google's lead in enforcing 'right to be forgotten'
e The Game of Faces
b GM To Recall Another 2.4 Million Vehicles--Update
t Thousands expected at annual VidCon in Anaheim
b Hillary Clinton talks to Fox News
b Alliant Techsystems (ATK) to Spin-Off Sporting Group; Aerospace and Defense  ...
b Honda Projects Record Profit on Yen, Emerging Markets
e He did what? Jon Hamm worked on "soul-crushing" porn sets
b Market Looking Forward to Upcoming Earnings Releases
e First look at 'True Blood's' final season
t Chromecast Support Comes to Vudu, Crackle, and Rdio
b HP is still paying for its botched Palm acquisition -- with a $57M court settlement
t Climate Change Putting National Landmarks at Risk
e In The November Man, Pierce Brosnan Gun-Parties Like It's 1989
e Ice Bucket Challenge hits home for Bale Breaker owner
b Oil extends losses as Libyan supplies to return
e Harrison Ford injured on set of "Star Wars" movie
e Activist and Actress Ruby Dee Dies at 91
b Bill to replace Fannie, Freddie with new housing-loan structure
t Facebook will use drones and lasers to deliver internet access to the developing  ...
e THE WALKING DEAD 4.16 'A'
b Auto makers surprise analysts, post strongest US sales in eight years
t What's Next For Google+ Now That Its Leader Has Suddenly Left?
e Justin Bieber's Girlfriend Selena Gomez - Rehab Wish?
b Cabot Corp. Becomes Oversold (CBT)
b Local unemployment rate falls
t AMD Announces Project SkyBridge: Pin-Compatible ARM and x86 SoCs in 2015  ...
m Yawning may Decrease with Age: Study
m Teens drinking less, texting more
e Josh Elliot Poised To Replace Matt Lauer?
b Honeywell Beats on Q2 Earnings Estimates, Raises EPS Guidance - Analyst Blog
t Fitbit App Heads Over To Windows Phone Devices
e Prince George's Father's Day Included Cheering On Dad At Polo, Walking
b BG Central Bank: Vaults are being attacked to destabilize the government
e 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2' review: a step in the wrong direction
m California reports 800 new whooping cough cases
e Miley Cyrus Nip Slip: Caught on Video!
e Angelina Jolie says onscreen reunion with Brad Pitt will be 'raw' and 'experimental'
t TSLA: Should You Bother With 'Manic-Depressive' Tesla Stock?
m California's deadly whooping cough epidemic blamed on anti-vaccine campaign
e Kiefer Sutherland is a 'terrible' co-star, Freddie Prinze Jr. says
e Frontier tip The Rolling Stones tour reschedule for later in the year
e Beyonce sparks rumours of Jay Z's infidelity during concert performance
e Robin Thicke's '#AskThicke' Twitter Q&A Went About As Well As You Might Imagine
b Why Canadian Solar, Just Energy Group, and World Wrestling Entertainment  ...
b JD.coms Hot Debut: Preview for Alibaba IPO?
t Hive mind Home gardeners can help save the bees — and our food supply
m Alzheimer's treatment gets Major breakthrough by New Blood Test
t 2015 Cadillac Escalade Recalled; Stop-Sale Order Issued
t Mars mission scientist Pillinger dies
e 'Star Wars: Episode VII' Movie News & Instagram: Kevin Smith Opens Up About  ...
e Danny Boyle Is Perfect for Steve Jobs Movie - But Leonardo DiCaprio?
e Ariana Grande's “Break Free”: Listen
e NOAH presents the Ark Featurette
b Climate change to cost dearly: billionaires
b Philips lights 'for sale' sign for LED parts business; arm had $1.91 billion in sales  ...
b Five things to know about Apple buying Beats
e Weird Al's 'Mandatory Fun' shows the joker is back on top
t Twitter's Gift for Users
t Office now on iPad, Facebook to build drones, Pinterest hacked: global round up
t Virtual Reality Is The Next Innovation: How PS4's Project Morpheus Shapes The  ...
e First Trailer for Woody Allen's Magic in the Moonlight
e Actress Ann B Davis, devoted 'Brady Bunch' housekeeper, dies at 88
m Florida Health Officials Warn Beach-Goers of Flesh-Eating Bacteria
t Facebook Borrows from Twitter Again, Launches 'Mentions' App for Celebrities
m This Nurse Is Using Tinder to Remind Dudes to Get Prostate Exams
e Who has your refund? Arizonans have tax $ stolen
e Olivia Palermo Got Married in a Fancy Skort
t US warns of wide impact of climate change
e Amazon to stream original HBO content
t South Mississippi marine patrol officers looking for impaired boaters
e DiCaprio, Travolta, Stone help raise $35 million for AIDS research at amfAR
t Will Microsoft Mobile Be The New Threat To Google Android And Apple?
b BNP Paribas Reportedly Agrees For Up To $9 Bln Settlement On Sanctions  ...
b Freddie Mac: Rates fall to lowest level in 2014
b France says mooted BNP Paribas' $10b US fine 'unreasonable'
t Samsung Galaxy S4 Zoom C1010 vs Samsung Galaxy S3 I9300: Galaxy S3 Wins
b Tesla Motors Inc share price down, second-quarter outlook disappoints despite  ...
t Action needed to avoid 'catastrophic' climate change
t Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) plans for the biggest job cuts; tops the  ...
e Angelina Jolie On 'Maleficent': 'It's Very Different From What People Are Going  ...
t ExtraBITS for 12 May 2014
t Delhi's air most polluted—Five reasons this doesn't surprise us
m SEA otters off the coast of America have been infected with the same flu virus as  ...
m Tulsa Health Officials Warn Of Mosquito-Borne Virus, 'Chik-V'
b Russia ordered to pay former Yukos shareholders $50bn
b Drought strategy in California: shaming
e Watch Kristen Merlin Sing on The Voice 2014 Live Shows, April 21, 2014 (VIDEO)
e US Airways' historically bad, X-rated Twitter blunder
b Japan Manufacturing PMI 49.9 In May - Markit
b Far-Right National Front Win In France
b World Digest: March 23, 2013
m Hummus, dip products recalled from Target, Trader Joe's
e Jimmy Fallon off to fast start on Tonight show
e Star Wars spin-off to be directed by Godzilla filmmaker
e Blues-rock guitar legend Johnny Winter dead at 70
t Toyota Settles With US for $1.2 Billion Over Recalls, Feds Will Audit Company  ...
e Gordimer will always be with us: govt
m Pain, opioid use surprisingly high in soldiers returning from war
e 5 Food Challenges That Went Viral
e Lindsay Lohan admits dating has been `distraction` in past
t Google announces I/O conference schedule: Here's what to expect
b Watch: Errol Morris Uses Ronald McDonald To Promote Taco Bell In New Series  ...
e Richards to pen children's book
b Whiting Petroleum To Buy Kodiak Oil & Gas In $6 Bln Deal
t Facebook Tinkers With Users' Emotions in News Feed Experiment, Stirring Outcry
b EU negotiators agree banking union deal
t Canada Revenue Agency pushes tax deadline to May 5, resumes online  ...
b Airbnb and Uber Partner with Concur to Enable Next Generation of Business  ...
e Robert Pattinson says we need to get over Kristen Stewart's affair
e Billy Bob Thornton on Why TV is Better Than Films
t Apple Bid for Samsung Sales Ban Shows Patent War Is Not Over
m Egypt's military says 'miraculous' device for hepatitis C not ready
b China, Asian countries' factory output rises; Europe's falters
e Billboard Music Awards 2014: Red carpet arrivals
e Get Your Tissues Ready: The Fault in Our Stars Premiered Last Night in NYC!
e 20 Of Lady Gaga's Most Horrifying Fashion Choices
t Apple Opens OS X Beta Testing To All Users With New Seed Program
e Jennifer Lopez Reveals Sexy Cover Photo For Upcoming Tenth Album
e Gwyneth Paltrow: Did Her Marriage End Because Of A Lack Of Oral Sex?
b More than a third of Americans reported to collection agencies for unpaid bills  ...
b Bayer Buying Merck's Consumer Business For $14.2B
b Data breaches are giving CEOs headaches
t Trailblazers: Vince McMahon Takes His Empire, And An Industry, Over The Top
t Bang & Olufsen BeoVision Avant 4K TV follows you around the room
b BP's newly upgraded refinery just spilled oil into Chicago's water source
e Mad Men Season 7 Premiere: Turns Out Don Draper Has The Hots For Neve  ...
t Facebook mining browser histories for ads
e “The Hunger Games: Mockingjay – Part 1” First Video Teaser [Watch]
b Vatican coke mail fails to nab culprit
b Chicago firm moves toward suit over Malaysia plane
b Weir in £3.3B merger talks
b Consumer Confidence Returns to 2008 Levels
t Flying Drone Engineers Turning to Mother Nature for Inspiration
m First American MERS Patient May Leave Hospital Soon
e Does Sharknado Crack The Shitty Movie Hall Of Fame?
e Maleficent Featurette Teases A Reinvention, Not A Retelling Of Sleeping Beauty
e Beyonce and Jay Z will tour together
b Mulberry Chief Executive Bruno Guillon To Step Down Immediately
t OnePlus One: Top 3 Business Features
m Proposed changes to brewing regulations
b Brent climbs toward $115
e Robin Thicke praises estranged wife Patton
e Avril Lavigne video reaps controversy over pop Asian images
m Vaginas grown in labs successfully implanted into girls with rare disorder
e Miley Cyrus' 'Bangerz' Tour Bus Burst Into Flames, No One Injured (Video)
b Walmart to let shoppers exchange used video games in U.S.
b Japan central bank upbeat, keeps ultra-loose monetary intact after sales tax  ...
b Oil set for biggest weekly fall since January
m Illinois Man's MERS Test Was a 'False Positive'
e VIDEO: Miley Cyrus Awarded Restraining Order Against Fan: Report
m Detroit business recalls tainted ground beef from Indiana, 8 other states
e The Situation ARRESTED -- Mike Sorrentino Busted in Tanning Salon Brawl
b AstraZeneca Believes Pfizer Has Made Final Offer
t (And why Comcast, despite its protests, is bad at it.)
t Apple phases out iPad 2, relaunches iPad 4 with retina display to replace it
e Rapper Wale involved in bust-up at wrestling event - report
e Brody Jenner not attending Kim, Kanye's wedding?
e Tupac Shakur Musical "Holler If Ya Hear Me" Closing After Only Six Weeks
t Suzuki cars recalled because of spiders
b BNP to plead guilty to dodging US sanctions: report
b Global recovery to advance: IMF
e Sacramento area bachelorette contestant dies in paragliding accident
e Edgar Wright Leaving Ant-Man
t New iMac Is $200 Cheaper Than the Others, With Low-End Specs to Match
e Watch: Kendall Jenner failed big at reading at the Billboard Awards last night  ...
t Iceland raises volcano alert to red, halts air traffic
t Apple, Samsung due in court again amid patent dispute
e Lorde Performs with Nirvana at Rock & Roll Hall of Fame Induction Ceremony!
b Will farmers shift from corn to beans?
t Has Microsoft killed Nokia X?
e Kacy Catanzaro, former gymnast, becomes first woman to complete 'American  ...
t W.Va. could get $1.7M more in e-book settlement - WVVA TV Bluefield Beckley  ...
b Earnings, healthcare give Wall Street sixth straight gain
e Chris Brown speaks out from jail, with help from Karrueche Tran
t Novartis hopes to commercialise 'smart lens' within five years
m Overweight teens who eat a lot of sugar show faster signs of aging
e Martin Freeman reveals Sherlock set to return for Christmas special
t Samsung launches high-end Galaxy K Zoom smartphone with 10x zoom lens
m Relay for Life committee meeting
e The first trailer for Fury starring Brad Pitt has arrived
t Why You Don't Want a Chinese Galaxy S5 (Maybe)
e Amy Purdy, Charlie White Excel on Season Premiere of "Dancing with the Stars"
b Cockpit 'mismanagement' blamed in Asiana crash
e OMG! Robert Pattinson's older sister Lizzy 'auditioning for The X Factor this  ...
b Will Amazon Lose Money for Years?
t Yakima gas prices up 4 cents in a week
b Venture capital funding in Nashville posts slow first quarter
e Video: Jay Z & Beyonce Enlist Famous Friends For Fake Action Movie Trailer
e Harry Potter author JK Rowling proves Qudditch Cup is just as much fun as the  ...
t Twitter expands TV Conversation Targeting for the US Hispanic Market
b OECD: US Economy to See Faster Growth After Winter Freeze
t Guess which former Apple CEO wants to compete with the company in India?
t Steam Machines & Controller Delayed to 2015
b Delaware bridge tilt likely from ground shifting
m Michelle Obama fights to defend school lunch changes
m EMT punished after video surfaces of him 'voguing' in his ambulance while  ...
e WWE Raw recap: WWE honors Ultimate Warrior with video tribute, 10-bell salute
e Seth MacFarlane Sued for Allegedly Stealing 'Ted' Idea from Two Web Series  ...
t Dr Dre: from LA gangsta rapper to Forbes top dog?
m Colon cancer rates down since 1980s
e 'I knew I'd become my mother when …'
e Godzilla crushes North America box office, sequel eyed
e One Direction Stars Smoke Joint, World Keeps Spinning
t Elon Musk on Risky SpaceX Test: If It Works, It's the Biggest Thing We've Done
e Actor Gary Oldman blasts PC Hollywood
m MannKind: The FDA Did What?
e Katie Couric Gets Married: Small Ceremony in the Hamptons
e Beyonce and Jay Z pay tribute to Michael Jackson as tour kicks off
t Another Earth Is Discovered
b New face expected at Barclays after shareholder backlash over bonuses
b Pound hits fresh four-year high against dollar on dovish Fed
t Tesla to make its patents open source, take note Apple and Samsung
e 'Divergent' Impresses at Weekend Box Office, 'Muppets' Opens to Low Numbers
e 'Captain America 2' Bags $96.2 Million on Opening Weekend Box Office
m Drinkable sunscreen debuts just in time for summer
e Miley Cyrus' tour bus catches on fire en route to New Orleans
e VIDEO: Watch a 66-Second Run Down of MTV's 2014 MOVIE AWARDS
t How To Install Android 4.4.2 KitKat (XXU1ANCF) On Samsung Galaxy S5 LTE  ...
e Zac Efron looks really pretty in drag: What's his beauty secret?
b New-home sales rose 6.4 percent in April
b Congresswoman: Obama admin rule change lets insurance companies keep  ...
e RECAP: Mad Men Watch: “The Strategy”
b OBAMA ADMINISTRATION REFUSES TO TELL HOW MANY HAVE ACTUALLY  ...
b US Senate Confirms Stanley Fischer as Vice Chairman of The US Federal Reserve
e 'The Voice' 2014 battle rounds: Biff Gore takes on T.J. Wilkins
e Shia LaBeouf: His Highs and Lows
b Credit Suisse to admit "criminal" actions in US tax dispute
e Get Ready for the 'Blackest Star Wars Installment Ever'
e Marvel's GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY Notches Best Thursday Night Opening  ...
e Box office update: '22 Jump Street' in early lead with a huge $25 million Friday
t Moto E smartphone launch LIVE: Specs, price and photos
t GM Knew Chevy Cobalt Ignition Could Turn Itself Off, Released Car Anyway
t Gas Prices Breach the $4 Mark in L.A. County
b US unemployment applications drop
b Barclays to cut 7000 jobs from its investment banking division
b Best Mortgage Rates Today at BB&T, Bank of America and SunTrust (March 11)
b Draghi Batters EUR
t Minecraft PS4 – Will 4J Embrace Morpheus on Release Date?
e Predicting the Palme d'Or a guessing game
b Twitter: Why You Can Still Short It
b UK inflation falls to 4-1/2 year low in May as food prices fall
t Samsung Galaxy S Duos 2 vs Motorola Moto E: Display, design, OS, camera  ...
b Eurozone inflation rate fall adds to pressure on ECB
e 2014 MTV Movie Awards: Winners list
t Photos: Honey Moon sightings
m Ebola patient's husband addresses Calvary congregation
t Watch Dogs Launch Dampened by Uplay Server Issues
b Tesla Motors (TSLA) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results
t AT&T to Buy DirecTV in $49 Billion Deal
e 'True Detective' Rumor: Jessica Chastain Offered Season 2 Lead Role [Updated]
e Aussie rapper Azalea equals Beatles double atop US chart
t Sony PlayStation back online after hacking attack
m Mental Illness Is Deadlier Than Heavy Smoking: Why People With Psychiatric  ...
e Check Out Kendall Jenner's Skin-Baring Outfits from the 2014 MMVAs!
b EUR/USD update (4th July 2014, 13:00)
m NEW: Got a rash? Might be that iPad
e Contestant on upcoming 'Bachelorette' season dies after paragliding accident
b Adobe Systems's "Buy" Rating Reaffirmed at Citigroup Inc. (ADBE)
b Fusion-IO Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Roth Capital (FIO)
t Microsoft to shutter Xbox Entertainment Studios [update]
e CBS renews 'Big Bang Theory' for 3 more seasons
m Hepatitis A Scare: Springfield-Greene County Health Department answers fears
t Climate Synthesis Sent To World Leaders By IPCC
t Facebook debuts 'Ask' button
b April 17, 2014, 11:02 pm
e Watch the First Trailer for Fox's Batman Prequel Series, "Gotham"
e Did Tony get whacked? 'Sopranos' creator David Chase speaks out
t True Player Gear: An Oculus Rift Alternative
b Sex party aside, Airbnb worth a sexy $10 billion
b Twitter gains on new CFO; GM sales up in June
t Google Glass set for Ray-Ban makeover
b Turkey tries to block Twitter, is met with worldwide ridicule
t Hyundai snares most initial quality awards in its history
e Working with Depp was lifelong ambition: Freeman
e Shia LaBeouf caught on camera 'squaring up' to a man outside a New York strip  ...
m 44 Percent of U.S. Soldiers Report Chronic Pain, 15 Percent Use Opioid Painkillers
t HTC One Mini 2 leaks, no depth camera included
b French Bank BNP Paribas to pay $8.7 billion fine
m Gluten-Free Diets: Why You Need To Do Your Research Before You Cut Wheat  ...
m US autism estimate increases to 1 in 68 children
e Rolling Stones cancel show after L'Wren Scott suicide
m 58 Percent Delhiites Battle High Cholesterol Levels
b China's Alibaba Group Invests $215 Million In California-Based Messaging App  ...
e Pip Andersen, left, and Crystal Clark join "Star Wars Episode VII" cast. (Star Wars)
t Arrow in Aereo's heart? Supreme Court says service undercuts broadcasters
t Mark Zuckerberg Wants to Sell the Oculus Rift at Pocket Money Prices
b Gold turns lower after jobless claims data, Draghi comments
t Microsoft's new Nokia mobile unit made a €326m loss last quarter
t Iranian hackers use fake Facebook accounts to spy on US and other countries
b Vietnam Cracks Down on Violent Anti-China Protests
e One last 'Mad Men' post . . . until next year
t Many victims of recalled GM cars were young drivers
e Khloe Kardashian's Birthday Gift From French Montana
e Theo James Underwent Stunt Training for 'Divergent'
e Drake and Chris Brown put their past behind them to team up for ESPY Awards  ...
e BAFTA TV Awards: 'Broadchurch' Wins Drama …
m Most People Would Rather Shock Themselves Than Be Alone With Their Thoughts
e Q&A: Robert Pattinson on Escaping Twi-Hard Expectations and Dodging the  ...
t Lunar eclipse
e Beyonce and Jay-Z: Why They Skipped Kanye West and Kim Kardashian's  ...
e 'The Voice' USA 2014 The Battles Round 2: Top 24 Set to Perform; Where to  ...
e Trend Blazer
t US, UK Warn Against Using Internet Explorer Until Bug Fixed
e Gordimer's family announces her death
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Negative Press in Korea Brings Lawsuit
e How a Boulder company is helping Neil Young
t Summer Infant expands recall to 800000 for baby monitor batteries, property  ...
e FAQ: Everything you need to know about Lucasfilm's Star Wars 'Expanded  ...
t MIT to establish 'Bitcoin ecosystem' by giving away the cryptocurrency to every  ...
e All rocked out? AC/DC's Malcolm Young is seriously ill, says friend
b HK slams China media criticism of democracy poll
b Time Warner Inc. (TWX) Vaulted To A New High After Spurning FOX Offer
e Japan, North Korea to hold talks on July 1 on probe into abductions
e Lopez, Urban, Connick & Seacrest Commit To Season 14 Of 'American Idol'
t 'Burger King Baby' finds birth mom: 'I am filled with emotions'
t NY court orders Microsoft to give up mails stored in Irish data centre
e A 'bad day' in rehab costs Chris Brown his freedom
t Sony Warns of Battery issue in some Vaio Laptops
t Facebook Acquires Video Ad Platform Company LiveRail
b Dog Poop Controversy Prompts San Marino Mayor to Resign Role
t PR Newswire
t Analysts Believe Apple Sales Will Be Flat This Quarter
t UN climate report a 'wakeup' for entrepreneurs
b Clock ticking for states to adopt health exchanges
t Apple Working on Largest Ever iPad
t Oxford University Researchers Prove Bigfoot is a Myth! Video!
e BEHIND THE SCENES: Lloyd Webber, Nunn and Lynne Launch CATS At The  ...
e What Muppets Most Wanted Does Right—And Divergent Does Wrong
e The Walking Dead spin-off series officially given the green light
b Whatcom unemployment rate drops below 6 percent
e Lady Gaga releases new music video for 'G.U.Y.'
t Press Ignores Harvard Prof Alleging 'Astonishing Interference' in Latest IPCC  ...
b Ukraine crisis: Russia condemns US 'Iron Curtain' sanctions
e Kim Kardashian Shares The Most Precious Picture Of Kanye West & North On  ...
b What you should know if you need more time to file your taxes
t Internet Activist Campaign Over Net Neutrality Escalates
b Malaysia Airlines to change name to boost reputation
t Oculus VR “Disapointed but Not Surprised” by Zenimax's Theft Accusations
e Leighton Meester Is Beautiful In Midnight Blue For Of Mice And Men Opening  ...
e MAD MEN 7x07: Everyone is starving
e Winnie Cooper Is Off the Market! Danica McKellar Announces Her Engagement
t Sony officially unveils Project Morpheus, a virtual reality headset for the PS4
m Nightmare of bullying doesn't end with adulthood
b Europe shares down ahead of data; Asia gains
e Which James Brown Song Would Jill Scott Perform Live? [EXCLUSIVE]
e The 'Horrible Bosses 2′ Teaser Finds Jennifer Aniston Desperate To Be  ...
b Nasdaq sufferes biggest drop in two-and-a-half years
t RCMP charge teen in relation to Heartbleed bug attack on CRA
e Kim & Kanye's Vogue Cover is “Selling Well” Despite Criticism
e Picture of the Day: Neil Young's PonoPlayer
m MTV reality star Diem Brown battling cancer for third time in nine years... as she  ...
b Pilgrim's Pride raises offer for Hillshire Brands
e Miley Cyrus denies 'drug overdose' caused hospital stay
e Neil Young to launch Kickstarter campaign for 'PonoPlayer' on March 15
t Amazon Reportedly Readying New Smartphone to Launch Later this Year
t Oculus VR sued over virtual-reality technology trade secrets
t Samsung's Own Virtual Reality Headset Underway
t United Nations climate change panel: Cost of fighting global warming 'modest'
t Netflix raises prices
b Credit Suisse case called a warning to foreign banks
m Saudi Arabia Announces Jump In New Cases Of Deadly MERS Virus
e Rex Reed Still Hates Melissa McCarthy, Fat People
e Take a Sneak Peek at Kim Kardashian's New Video Game
b Retail sales show consumers in a buying mood
t Dinosaurs were Mesotherms, neither warm nor cold blooded
b MARKET SNAPSHOT: US Stocks Tumble; S&P 500 Ends 6-day Run
t Will The Apple-IBM Alliance Lead to Deeper iPhone Banking?
t GM recalls 1.5 million cars for steering defect; says total recall costs to reach  ...
b Subway Says Yoga Mat Chemical "Almost" Out Of Subway Bread
m Fungus Strain in Recalled Chobani Yogurt More Dangerous than Assumed
e Justin Bieber Claimed Foot Injury During Arrest: Police
b How did Hong Kong lose Alibaba?
e Metro Detroit Hispanics celebrate their Mexican culture with the annual Cinco de  ...
e WTF? Idina Menzel Musical “If/Then” Littered with F Word, Song Called “What  ...
m Senegal Shuts Border Doors For Guinea Amid Ebola Outbreak
t What To Expect On May 20th From Microsoft
b US Index Futures Little Changed After S&P 500 Surpasses 2000
e Funniest Tweets From the 2014 BET Awards
b Tesla Motors reports $US50m loss
e Murphy's 'chilling' performance before death
b Bitcoin Will Discipline the Fed and Other Central Banks, Says St. Louis Fed Vice  ...
m Hepatitis A Vaccines Available
b TIMELINE: Tim Hortons' half century of serving coffee, donuts & more
b Siemens offers to discuss tie-up with Alstom
e Video: Molly Smitten-Downes is excited for Eurovision moment new Eurovision  ...
e Vogue KimYe Cover Selling Well
b Libya's Prime Minister Ali Zeidan Ousted over Rebel Oil Protest Failure
e Amanda Stone: Easter baskets can include healthier treats
e 'Rio 2' soars deep into the Amazon
e Photographer wants big pay day in Justin Bieber lawsuit
b U.K. Q4 GDP Grows 0.7% As Initially Estimated
t Google Glass rolls white models for US citizens
b German inflation hits 4-year low to 0.9 per cent
t Watch Dogs companion app out now and you don't even need to own the game
e Palcohol powdered alcohol approval was an error
m Airplane surfaces harbour deadly bacteria: Study
t Rumor: Captain Toad Treasure Tracker Delayed In Europe, Launching In Jan 2015
b Tesla Earnings Analysis: Gigafactory, GigaStockSale
t Automakers to recall air bags in humid parts of United States
m Five staggering facts on mentally ill prisoners in US
e Thor, Goddess of Thunder: Hammer-swinging Marvel superhero now officially a  ...
t Report: Teen Says He Can Save Taxpayers $400 Million
e Travel briefs
t The Universe is Very Fecund --Astronomers Star at Congressional Hearings on  ...
e Disney Week on "Dancing with the Stars"...and shocking elimination
e Lupita Nyong'o, Michael Fassbender join academy
t BlackBerry steps up fightback with new Indonesian phone
e Lana Del Rey Releases
e 'Hedwig and the Angry Inch': Andrew Rannells to replace Neil Patrick Harris
e Fired HGTV hosts the Benham twins: 'We love homosexuals,' but not their 'agenda'
e Circus performer discharged from hospital
t A Preview of Game Developers Conference 2014
m The parents in denial over their kids' size: Number who can spot if child is  ...
b Which gold standard central bank will break first?
b Google Needs Up to $30 Billion in Cash Overseas for Deals (1)
e Mrs. Brown's Boys D'Movie retains top spot at UK box office
m Measles vaccine wiped out cancer
t Galaxy F Rumors Heat Up As S5 Blamed For Samsung's Poor Q2 Sales
t Report: Climate change already affecting US, Texas heat to go nationwide
t Microsoft Internet Explorer Use-After-Free Vulnerability Being Actively Exploited
b Jump in profits reported by Morgan Stanley while Goldman Sachs registers fall
e New 'Batman: Arkham Knight' Batmobile trailer hints at new mode, reveals 2015  ...
t Reports: FCC Poised For Changes To Net Neutrality Policy
e Zendaya Says Aaliyah Biopic Was 'A Little Rushed,' So She Dropped Out
b Market overview: Shire sinks into the red on Allergan reports
t General Motors to move Cadillac SRX production to Spring Hill, Tennessee
e Lovefool 04.14.14 | Coming Out of the Cold
t Heartbleed: Security experts reality-check the 3 most hysterical fears
b Some airlines are trying again to raise US fares
t LG G2 Android 4.4 KitKat comes to Sprint
b Toyota Suspends Indian Auto Output After Labour Unrest
e Chris Brown - Karrueche Tran dumped Chris Brown because of texts
e Deliver us from Evil — a film that never really comes together
e Kimye Dined And Dashed Their Irish Honeymoon Because Castles Are The Worst
t Hugely popular Android security app revealed as a complete scam
m MannKind Downgraded by Piper Jaffray to “Underweight” (MNKD)
b Euro Falls On Risk Aversion, ECB Officials' Talk On Elevated Currency Level
t Report: Google Nest Plotting Home Security Push, Potential Dropcam Buy
b Debate Forum: 03/25
t Report: 97% Of Mobile Malware Is On Android. This Is The Easy Way You Stay  ...
t Report: Nike discontinues FuelBand, lays off hardware team
e Emma Stone, Matthew McConaughey star in hilarious Celebrities Read Mean  ...
t Study says Genghis a fair-weather conqueror
b Posted by Imaduddin
b Stage set for new bank licences
m Fist bump, handshake, high-five: Which spreads the most germs?
m Steroid Shots Does Little to Help Spinal Stenosis Patients, Study
t The Space Station Is Getting A Coffee Machine
e Kanye West's fiancé Kim Kardashian 'seated away from President Obama at  ...
e Game of Thrones Director Teases Tyrion Lannister's Trial: It's Phenomenal”
b Amazon breaks silence on Hachette dispute, says it is negotiating 'on behalf of  ...
b Icahn offers up new plan for PayPal
b Hong Kong shares close 1.55% higher
m First US MERS patient expected to be released from Indiana hospital
t Swedes pay for lunch with veins
e Zac Efron Punched in Face During Violent Fight in LA's Skid Row
e Paramount Pictures releases new images from Transformers
b Level 3-TW Merger, Poison Pill in Reality
t Apple Considers Release of iTunes Store for Android, Launch of Subscription  ...
t Qualcomm Buys Gigabit WiFi Technology for Really High Bandwidth Stuff
e Free Film Friday – Transformers: Age of Extinction
b BNP Paribas' investment bank shines in gloomy quarter
b Trapped miners get food, water
t After a Decade on Mars, the Opportunity Rover Set the Off-World Driving Record
e George Clooney finally meets his match with human rights lawyer Amal Alamuddin
e 5SOS are total rockstars on the Billboard Music Awards red carpet - FIT PICS
e Woman gets prison term for roles in bank robberies
m Does Pop Music Increase Teen's Alcoholism Risk?
t Microsoft Internet Explorer bug: how to protect yourself
e 14 Interesting and Little-Known Facts About Michael Jackson
t US Air Force Is Working Fast To Certify SpaceX Rockets
b Guest Column: Join us in the March Against Mansanto in Tahoe City
t Mazda recalls vehicles due to spiders for second time
e Megan Fox finds Ellen Degeneres sexy
t AT&T Challenges Google in North Carolina With Fast Web Plans (2)
t Samsung Takes Aim at Apple With an Ambitious Smartwatch Platform
b How the Uber Strike in London, Elsewhere Played Out on Twitter
e Andrew Garfield - Andrew Garfield Makes Surprise Appearance In London Play
t AOL email users' information exposed
b Lew says China's currency is undervalued
b Archer Daniels at 52-Week High on Wild Flavors Buyout Buzz - Analyst Blog
t No cross-town love from T-Mobile's John Legere, who predicts the Amazon  ...
b Dollar index holds near six-month peak in Asia
e Film with Matt Toomey (Bad Neighbours, Healing)
b Hong Kong feels like pre-1997 all over again, only this time more radicalised
e Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Might Be Forced to Call Off Their Wedding
t Instagram might ditch Foursquare check-ins for Facebook
b Barclays joins the list of European banks getting hammered by US regulators
t Microsoft's Xbox One catches up to the PS4
e Queens artist indicted in $80M fraud scheme
b Employers, Republicans see pro-union slant in US NLRB action
m Rare 'mono mono' newborn twins doing well in Ohio, held hands for mom to see  ...
t Bulgaria to see Supermoon on July 12, first of three in 2014
b US retail sales miss expectations, jobless claims rise
e Russian delegation to bring Holy Fire to Moscow, other Russian cities Non  ...
e Angelina Jolie Collaborates on Maleficent Clothing Line for Kids With Stella  ...
b Lufthansa pilots' strike affects over 3800 flights
b US criminal inquiry into GM reported
b Libya orders special force to 'liberate' rebel-held ports
e Robert Downey Jr. And Susan Downey Expecting Second Child Together: Part I  ...
b Iraq Fighting Sparks Oil Rally
e 'The Bachelorette' finale spoilers! Andi Dorfman in “surprising & explosive  ...
b Coke Revenue Beats Estimates On China Performance
b Wal-Mart sues Visa over card 'swipe' fees
e Vanessa Hudgens Blonde Hair Debut: Love It or Hate It?
b BHP Billiton Mulls Assets Spinoff
t An Apple TV would be a 'terrible' idea, said Steve Jobs
t Leave the driving to Google
e Are Zac Efron and Michelle Rodriguez dating?
m Hospital: Staff, victims' relatives don't have MERS
t Use Google Maps To Look Backwards In Time
t Gas price heads up in Yakima
b Why Is Baxter Splitting? Medical Company Separating Itself Into 2 Businesses
t This 'Smart' Cup Knows What You're Drinking — And Counts the Calories
t Stocks end week higher; GM recalls 512000 Camaros; Priceline to acquire  ...
e Pharrell Williams Cries 'Happy' Tears Over His Song's Success
b NBCUniversal Cable Entertainment Reaches Multi-Year Deal with WWE® for  ...
b Iraq violence threatens OPEC's tricky balance
t GM Offers Dealers Bounties For Ignition Switch Repairs
e MSNBC Host Reports Death Of Wrong 'Brady Bunch' Actress
b Asia: Markets mixed as BoJ stays pat on policy
t The manufacturing of FuelBands has been stopped by Nike
e Jay Leno to receive nation's top humor prize in DC
t HTC One (2014) appears on Rogers site, confirms specs and features ahead of  ...
b TSX nears recent high as energy perks
t New 'Godzilla of Earths' planet discovered about 560 light-years from Earth
b Administration proposal pushes for fewer health plan cancellations GOP ACA  ...
t Samsung Galaxy S4 Zoom vs. Nokia Lumia 1020 - Comparison of the Camera
e Video: Obama admits live on air he doesn't dress the bed when First Lady  ...
e X-Men: Apocalypse - Plot details revealed!
e 'Child of God' and 9 Brutal Explorations of Man at the Margins
t PSN Back Up after DDoS Attack, Battle.net and Origin Also Return
e 5 Cinco De Mayo Activities in LA
e Passover: Chametz of the soul
t Facebook Pride Stickers Debut In Honor Of LGBT Pride Month
e Monty Python's Ministry of Silly Walks sketch gets its own mobile game
e Game of Thrones: Breaker of Chains live chat
t Microsoft to shut down Xbox TV studio
b Sen. Blumenthal urges bankruptcy judge to reject GM liability protection
e Easter Listings
e Michael Jackson album 'Xscape' to feature unreleased recordings
b MAS air crews reeling after disasters | Bangkok Post: news
m MANET+ Pilots, 'Helping Young Women Living With HIV Realize Their Destiny'
m Marriage may be the secret to a healthy heart, study finds
b Pound near five-year high on Mark Carney rate rise hint
t A Former Microsoft Employee Was Arrested For Giving Out the Code to Windows 8
m CHPA Response to FDA Consumer Communication on Teething Pain Treatments
e 'Get On Up' makes you feel good
b Chechen fighters among ranks of rebel militants in Ukraine, self-appointed  ...
e 3rd Hollywood sex lawsuit dropped by man accusing 'X-Men' director; Singer suit  ...
t iPhone 6 could use curved glass front panel
b China pledges to push forward with currency reform after US criticism
e Stephen Colbert to replace David Letterman for CBS late night show
e This year at Tribeca, which runs through April 27, movies are only part of the story.
e 'Real Housewives of New York': Yup, still fighting!
m Mid-Day Market Update: AMD Surges After Upbeat Results; Acacia Research  ...
b Cowen and Company ups Alcoa EPS estimate on positive industry cues
e Former Scandal Star Columbus Short Arrested At Bar
m Residents Can Drop Off Unwanted Prescription Drugs
b Stocks mostly higher on earnings gains; Apple up
m Military Working on Brain Chip to Fight Mental Illness
t OkCupid Reveals They Experimented With User's Match Percentage
b China checking object detected by satellite in search for Malaysia jet
e Game Of Thrones Author George RR Martin Teases Fans With Snippet From  ...
b Gas prices up another 2 cents
b Dollar General CEO Rick Dreiling To Retire On May 30 - Quick Facts
e Nick Cannon-Mariah Carey Dine Out After '6 Months Of Contempt' And Amidst  ...
b Malaysia Airlines Flight 370: Sunday's search fails to find debris, but France finds  ...
b US STOCKS-Dow, S&P 500 edge up with tech shares; DuPont drags
e In #CancelColbert, A Firestorm And A Lost Opportunity
e Smithfield's Bria Kelly advances on NBC's "The Voice"
e Jenny McCarthy & Donnie Wahlberg Are Engaged — See The Ring
e Jupiter Ascending - Official Trailer 2
e Hot Shot! Andrew Lloyd Webber & the Cats Creative Team Reunite with Some  ...
e '50 Shades Of Grey' News: Victor Rasuk Opens Up About Jose's Unrequited  ...
t OkCupid urges boycott of Mozilla over CEO's gay marriage views
b Salary information revealed for Target's new CEO
t ​Hulu Plus adds remote videocasting for PS4, PS3, Xbox One
t AAA sees gas price hike continuing into April
m Flesh-eating bacteria warning Florida: 32 hospitalized and 10 dead
t Microsoft Surface Pro 3 throws down the gauntlet with the MacBook Air
b JC Penney Gains as Citigroup Analyst Upgrades Chain to Buy (1)
m Report suggests billions wasted on 'ineffective' Tamiflu drug
b Existing Home Sales Fall Slightly, Hit 20-Month Low
t Japan Must Halt Whaling Program In Antarctic, Court Says
b Scholars Decry NJ Anti-Tesla Sales Regulation
m Third MERS case confirmed in Illinois
b Target to reissue cards as Mastercard chip-and-pin
t What's Next For Aereo?
b McDonald's, franchisees liable in suits
b Will eBay Back Down From Carl Icahn Feud?
t HTC One (M8) Developer and Google Play editions launched
b Poll says Obamacare accomplishing goal
e Robert De Niro shares memories of his late gay father
e VIDEO: Jessica Simpson Strips Down!
e Austine Mahone 'Sad' about Selena Gomez's' Unfollow
e Actor Robin Williams checks into rehab
e Day 5: Behind the scenes at the Cannes Film Festival
t Hear it. Share it. Facebook goes 'Shazam' with new TV, music feature.
b Ahead of the Bell: US new home sales
e Total Bombshell! Hello Kitty Expert Reveals Iconic Character Isn't a Cat
b Why Tiffany & Co (TIF) Stock Is Up Today
e Rolling Stones cancel concert after L'Wren Scott's death
e Andre Johnson, Rapper, Severs Penis, Jumps Off Building, Survives
b Reports: Medtronic, Covidien in talks to merge
b Wall Street flat, but tech and biotech lift Nasdaq
e Star's selfie a teenage nightmare
b Eurotunnel train breaks down in Channel Tunnel on route to France causing six  ...
b Google Overtakes Apple to Become the 2014 BrandZTM
b SNC-Lavalin buys UK-based oil and gas services firm for $2.1B
e Robin Thicke Is Getting Annihilated In A Live Twitter Q&A Right Now
t 17 things you need to know about Amazon's new Fire Phone
b EPA carbon emission limits may shift energy mix
e Dawn of the Planet of the Apes sneak peek clip
e 'Transformers 4' Delivers Year's First $100-Million ...
e Kim Kardashian's Boobs Make A Break For Freedom In Cleavage-Busting Outfit  ...
b Posted by Imaduddin
e iPod killer tops $1M on Kickstarter in first day
b Barclays profits down as investment bank income sags
t Now, Elon Musk wants to build cars that can fly and swim
e Harrison Ford injured while filming new Star Wars movie
t Nadella describes 'post-post PC' vision
e Story of How I Met Your Mother doesn't actually matter
e 'How I Met Your Mother': Historic ratings, and a defense
t Apple sued most in 2013, patent trolls to blame
e AC/DC frontman Brian Johnson says band are not retiring
e SXSW 2014: Neil Young plugs Pono, his new music store and player
m Sanofi, Medtronic join hands on diabetes drug-device
b Tech Movers: BlackBerry Ltd (NASDAQ:BBRY), Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL  ...
b Wedge issue: Some airlines drop limes from beverages amid price spike for the  ...
e 'Divergent' Star Shailene Woodley Confesses: 'I Don't Have a Cellphone!'
b Intuit acquires mobile bill pay company Check
e Zac Efron Punched In Downtown L.A.
e Miley Cyrus: I Brought Homeless Date Jesse to 2014 MTV VMAs Due to Robin  ...
b Red Lobster Sold for $2.1B
e Star Wars Episode 7: battle for lead in JJ Abrams film in full force
b China diners test McDonald's; food scare hurts KFC, Pizza Hut sales
b Chipotle sales surge as it draws more customers
e Justin Bieber Deposition Video Reveals Angry Evasion But Also Protectiveness  ...
e LeCrae Suing Katy Perry and Juicy J For "Dark Horse" Witchcraft & Illuminati  ...
b Protesters arrested in pay fight at McDonald's HQ
t Oculus announces first developer conference, acquires RakNet
e American Idol 2014 Spoilers: Top 9 Song List Revealed!
b Intel's CEO talks up tablets
t Automakers to recall air bags in humid parts of US - KTVN Channel 2 - Reno  ...
b Citigroup near mortgage settlement seen at $7 billion
t Logicalis US Helps Clients Unlock the Value of Big Data
t Lost Nightsnake Species Resurfaces On Volcanic Island Off Mexico, Scientists  ...
b Fourth of July Holiday Travel Forecast
e Twerkin' 101: Skidmore College To Offer Class On Miley Cyrus (DETAILS)
t Google Into The Weeds Of Android Work
t Microsoft Warns Of Dangerous Attack Against Internet Explorer Users
b Redskins trademark canceled by US Patent Office
b Twitter loses $132 million
e Great Thing of the Day: Emma Stone Owns Jimmy Fallon in Lip Sync Battle
b Urumqi licks its wounds on riot anniversary
t Facebook buys virtual reality gaming company for $2 bn
t FCC Creates Net Neutrality E-mail Address
m Search Michigan county health database on length of life, alcohol and drug use  ...
t What Does Hashtag Mean to Twitter: Twitter Users May See Hashtags and  ...
e Officials warn consumers to celebrate Independence Day safely
b UK Industrial Growth Slows Sharply
m Data trove shows US doctors reap millions from Medicare
b Forex - GBP/USD trims losses but remains under pressure
e Jagger 'struggling to understand' girlfriend's death
e Alicia Keys and Kendrick Lamar Team Up for 'It's On Again'
e Miley Cyrus postponed tour until August
e 13 Craziest Moments From The MTV Movie Awards
e Nick Carter Marries Lauren Kitt
m Kansas Labeled As Dangerous State To Work
b ECB easing bets push euro to three-month low
e Actor Chris Pine admits New Zealand drink driving charge
b Dow Jones industrial average breaks above 17000 following strong US job gains
e Pre-Easter services end
e New Wedding On The Block! Jenny McCarthy Engaged To Donnie Wahlberg  ...
e Miley Cyrus Rolls Joint With Flaming Lips' Wayne Coyne, Records Beatles Cover
e St. Mary Parish daily arrest report for June 17 ,2014
e Scarlett Johansson Wants to 'Have It All' When Baby Comes
m Petco to stop selling pet treats made in China
b LinkedIn Profit Jumps 34%, Stock Soars
m Report Estimates 1 in 68 Children has Autism, Overwhelmingly Boys
e Kristen Stewart shows Robert Pattinson what he's missing in Chanel at Cannes  ...
e Phil Robertson's New Anti-Gay Sermon Ruffles Feathers
b BoE's Charlie Bean makes the case for macroprudential tools
t Visionary or looney? Facebook's Zuckerberg on spending spree
b Macro Horizons: Global Policy Mix Points to Carry Trade's Return
t The great melt: New evidence in Antarctica predicts a sea change
t GM recalls more than a million vehicles with power steering problems
e L'Wren Scott, Mick Jagger 'Split' Claims Slammed As 'Horrendous' Following  ...
t Microsoft ordered by US judge to submit customer's emails from abroad
t Why Apple's Partnership With IBM Is A Big Deal
t The Core M is a 14-nm Broadwell CPU aimed at 2-in-1s
e Live and let die?: The perils of resurrecting canceled TV shows
t Razer Android TV console: gaming for your living room comes this fall
t Microsoft: We Won't Break Into Users' Email Accounts Anymore
t Apple Inc. iPad Still Reigns Supreme For Businesses
t Facebook rolls out Nearby Friends, an optional location-sharing feature
e 'The Bachelorette' finale: Chris Harrison defends Nick Viall's fantasy suite  ...
b Greenpeace activists board drilling rigs
e David Fincher's 'Gone Girl' Footage Hits The Web [Video]
e Catholic News Service
e CNN's Anthony Bourdain And Comedian Colin Quinn Featured As Guests 'Late  ...
e Nobel-winning author Gordimer dies
b Intel Outlook Called 'Uninspiring,' Q1 Out Tuesday
t 10 Things Parents Should Know About Mario Kart 8
m National HIV Testing Day Observed
t China joint ventures for Sony PlayStation
b Average 30-year mortgage rate falls to 4.27 pct.
e Sherri Shepherd, Jenny McCarthy in tears over 'View' exit
t Samsung launches Galaxy S5 in India, exact price still not clear
e Rolling Stones return to road in Norway
t Spacewalking astronauts replace dead computer on International Space Station
t PS4 Outsold Xbox One In The US During April
b Snapchat investment values firm at $10bn: report
b TGT Earnings: Another Lousy Quarter Makes Target Stock a Buy
b More Luxurious and Exclusive than First Class? Etihad Launches The Residence
e Billboard Music Awards 2014: Lucy Hale, Sarah Hyland, Andi Dorfman among  ...
e Nirvana, Kiss, Cat Stevens, Peter Gabriel, Linda Ronstadt and the E Street Band  ...
e Jessica Simpson marries Eric Johnson--with only a slight hitch
t Attleboro area legislators make mark on tech bill to improve school, public safety  ...
b USD/JPY Fundamental Analysis June 16, 2014 Forecast
b Slow Speed, Faulty Warning System Blamed In Asiana Crash
m Running 5 minutes a day might add years to your life
b Cryptocurrency News Round-Up: Major Markets Fall & 50 Cent Embraces Bitcoin
b Stocks drift higher; S&P 500 holds near 2000 points
t Microsoft's Potential Apple Killer: Hands on With the Surface Pro 3
b Why Dallas Citizens Council favors Medicaid expansion in Texas
e Jena Irene Wows Judges With "Clarity" on American Idol -- WATCH VIDEO!
b UK inflation plunges to 1.5 per cent while house prices soar
b Shire Rejects $46B AbbVie Offer
t U.S. Internet Firms Caught Up in European Google Ruling that Pits Privacy  ...
t Launch Pad Glitch Delays Liftoff of NASA Carbon-Hunting Satellite
e Lambert, Hale top releases
t GM Recalls All Current Gen Chevy Camaros For Ignition Switch Problems
t Time travel: Google maps now allow a look back
b Valeant Left Important Questions Unanswered; Allergan Shareholders Beware
b Medicare Advantage plans dodge U.S. cuts
b Cargill to close beef plant; 600 to lose jobs
b A closer look at 3G Capital, the firm behind the Tim Hortons deal
b La Quinta prices IPO at $17, below the range
t Security researchers say USB security 'broken,' can compromise anything from  ...
b McDonald's to face questions at annual meeting
m Baby Gorilla Born By C-Section In San Diego Zoo With Collapsed Lung Is Now  ...
e California rapper cuts off own penis, leaps from balcony in apparent suicide  ...
t Evleaks reveals alleged Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 7.0 press renders
b China PMI Surprises
e Freddie Prinze Jr: 'I Just Wanted to Quit the Business' After Working with Kiefer  ...
b As promised, JPMorgan delivered an ugly set of trading results
e Thor Is A Woman? Marvel Announces Big Change
e Eminem apologizes to his mom in music video 'Headlights' released on Mother's  ...
t Signs of a healthy democracy
t Discovery of new dwarf planet hints at other objects in solar system
e Nicki Minaj: Sexy, Natural Beauty At 2014 BET Awards
t Google Inc (GOOG) and Viacom have settled the YouTube lawsuit
e Fleetwood Mac, with Christine McVie, announce Edmonton date
e Britney Spears Sounds “Alien” On Leaked Recording Without Auto-TuneCulture
t Dinosaurs: cold-blooded or warm?
t Final 'Good Bye' to LADEE Mission
e Jennifer Aniston Rumors: Former 'Friends' Star May Elope With Justin Theroux
t Daimler seeks to jumpstart Smart with revamped ForTwo, new 4-seat model
b Rand falls after Fitch rating review
t Apple launches new entry level iMac, price drops $200 in Canada
m Cuts And Layoffs Possible At Mission Health System
b GBP Exchange Rate Closes In On 4 Year High
b CEO pay rose above eight figures for the first time last year.
e Christ Bearer May Have Been High On PCP When He Mutilated His Genitals
t Bezos expected to debut phone that speaks to NW innovation
e One Broke Girl? Lindsay Lohan's Credit Cards Declined During Shopping Trip
e No Blackjack for Affleck in Vegas Casino
b JC Penney Company (JCP) Posts Quarterly Earnings, Beats Expectations By  ...
b Goldman Sachs Increases Wells Fargo & Co. Price Target to $51.00 (WFC)
e True Blood Season 7 Episode 10 Recap: A Funeral and a Shitty Wedding
e BET, Karrueche Tran apologize for slam on Blue Ivy's hair
b McDonald's US sales slip 1.7 percent
b JPMorgan CEO diagnosed with throat cancer
b Oil price rises on Nigeria supply woes, growing demand with US recovery | The  ...
t Google's self-driving car has no steering wheel
t Apple Faced More Patent Lawsuits Than Any Other Company in 2013
e All five of Garth Brooks' Irish comeback shows canceled
e Easter week services set
t Microsoft's Nadella Talks 'Post-Post-PC Era'
t Google Debunks Glass Myths: If You Were Hoping Wearable Tech Doubles As A  ...
t Wearable Device Market to Top 19 Million Units in 2014
e 'Chelsea Lately' gets August end date
b The Sexy Golf Angle to the Latest Insider Trading Scandal
t Sorry, freedom lovers, 'net neutrality' doesn't exist
t Samsung's Upcoming GALAXY Tab S To Feature The World's First 2560×1600  ...
e Archie Andrews 1941-2014: A Beloved Comic Character Dies
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S launched: Check price and features
m Foster Farms salmonella cases slow but chicken outbreak one of biggest, longest
e Watch: Three Planet of the Apes Short Films Bridge Gap Between Rise & Dawn
b Auto sales: GM sales up 1% in US despite recalls
b BoJ Preview: Are We There Yet?
e Maksim Chmerkovskiy and Meryl Davis: 'DWTS 2014' pair feeling tense?
e Sandra Bullock: Scary Details About Her Stalker
b Allergan urges shareholders to reject Valeant
b Markit Final March Index of U.S. Manufacturing Fell to 55.5
b Stocks move higher on Wall Street; Sonic gains
t Google begins editing European search results
e Justin Bieber Does His Best 'Blue Steel' In Instagram Photoshoot
t Ring Around The Asteroid: Astronomers Discover Asteroid Chariklo Has Two  ...
e James Brown Biopic 'Get On Up' Struggles to Balance Hero Worship With Real  ...
b Kerry says compromise with India on WTO possible
t Uphill Start For Smith And Espargaro In Sunny Texas
t Get Your Google Glass, One Day Only
b Posted by Parvez Jabri
e Heaven Is for Real star left L.A. t o find the 'dude'
e GUINNESS® Canada kicks off St. Patrick's Weekend - a four-day celebration of  ...
t Samsung unveils high-end Galaxy Tab S with Super AMOLED display  ...
t LG to unveil a circular smartwatch at IFA to challenge the Moto 360
e Zac Efron and friends dance to Jason Derulo's 'Wiggle'
t Apple to boost share buyback, split stock
e Review: The Amazing Spider-Man 2
t Friendly yet envious Google & Samsung
t LG Electronics Q1 up 44% on-year on high-end TVs
m LVH honored for excellence in patient safety
t Moto G GPE Android 4.4.4 Update Now Rolling out
e Review: 'Deliver Us From Evil' Starring Eric Bana, Edgar Ramirez & Olivia Munn
t BlackBerry Ltd (BBRY) Acquires German Tech Security Firm Secusmart
e Lady Gaga Is Submissive With Her Boyfriend
t Nest + Developers: Making Homes Safer, More Energy Efficient and More Aware
e 7 Roles That Taught Hugh Jackman About Life: From 'X-Men' To The Oscars
b EasyJet beats H1 expectations as 'Generation' campaign drives conversation
e Movies that hit theatres this weekend
t Sony may announce selfie focused phone on July 8
e Justin Bieber Has Been Cleared of Potential Robbery Charges
e Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin "Uncouple" In The Bahamas
e 'Weird Al' Yankovic Hilarious Video Of The Day: Move Over, Robin Thicke (Video)
e Movie review: 'The Other Woman' is too predictable and outrageous
m Could your iPad be giving you a rash? Users break out in bizarre skin complaint
b Freddie Mac posts $4 billion profit in 1st quarter
b Case-Shiller: March Home Price Gains Strong but Slowing
e Andi Dorfman & Josh Murray Are Moving In Together! (VIDEO)
m Annual AIDS Walk Seeks To Raise Awareness About Prevention And Treatment  ...
b Wells Fargo to Provide $75MM DIP Loan to Coldwater Creek
e Officials say clamp snapped in circus accident
t Heartbleed bug: How did it happen, and how do we know it won't happen again?
t Microsoft CEO rubbishes idea that Xbox division will be sold
e Lea Michele's Twitter hacked, pregnancy tweet fake
e SEE IT: Kevin Bacon reenacts 'Footloose' dance 30 years later in 'Tonight Show  ...
b Housing, food costs on the rise
b Supreme Court Limits Certain Existing EPA Regulations
b Missing MH370: Search planes reach spot where two objects were seen
b US Stocks Rise as Technology Shares Rally With Apple
m More Than 10 Million Gained Health Insurance During Open Enrollment
e Pharrell Joining 'The Voice' as New Coach
t Apple TV Price Dropped To £79 In The UK
t First Asteroid Ring System Observed Between Orbits Of Saturn & Uranus (VIDEO)
t Mediatek unveils 'world's first' 64-bit octa-core LTE SoC with 2K support
b MTA, Transport Workers Union Local 100 agree on new contract featuring 8  ...
b French bank BNP guilty of US sanctions violations
b US share markets rise on strong Alcoa earnings
b Hachette Rejects Amazon Offer to Let Authors Keep Ebook Revenue
e X-Men: Days of Future Past — what summer movies are meant to be
t Nevada tempts Tesla Motors
m Natco Opposing Gilead Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:GILD) Hepatitis C drug Patent  ...
t US, Russian astronauts blast off after brief software glitch
b SF City Attorney Puts Kibosh on Parking Apps
e Katy Perry launches new record label Metamorphosis Music
b The U.S. Government Just Sent a Decisive Message to the Washington Redskins
t LG G3 smartphone, the Galaxy S5 rival, expected to be unveiled on May 27
t Mars 2020 rover will give us a way to know the red planet better
b US economy: Yellen stresses employment, inflation in Fed's coming decision
e L'Wren Scott death: Mick Jagger makes first tribute to late girlfriend
t Study: Climate Change Here
e Kim and Kanye Are Officially Married! (PHOTO)
e Box Office: 'Tammy' Tries to Steal Fireworks from 'Transformers'
e Lea Michele Confronts Boyfriend Over Gigolo Rumors
e Channel Surfer: Wednesday's TV (with VIDEO)
e Gwyneth Paltrow's latest: Mother upset over daughter's separation from Chris  ...
e Kaley Cuoco Sweeting debuts short new haircut
t Biometric security can't come soon enough
e Video: Usher – 'Good Kisser'
e Pharrell Williams Joining The Voice USA As Coach
t NHTSA Closes Four-Year Probe Of Ion Steering Issues After GM Recall
t Fandango, Credit Karma apps put users' credit card, personal info at risk
e Avengers' Joss Whedon Bucks The Trend And Releases New Movie Online After  ...
e BLOGS OF THE DAY: Katy Perry in 'song theft' row
t AT&T promotes benefits of merger with DirecTV
b Popular seafood chain sells for $2.1 billion
e Chris Soules is ABC's new `Bachelor'
b Hot biz files bankruptcy, admits fraud
e NBC's Long National Nightmare Is Over
t Microsoft's Build 2014 conference: What we know, what we expect
e Mila Kunis & Channing Tatum's 'Jupiter Ascending' Pushed to February 2015
e Jamie Lynn Spears Marries James Watson
e Ming Dynasty 'chicken cup' sold for record $36M - WNEM TV 5
b Virgin America files for Initial Public Offering as US airlines recover
t Oculus's Latest Buy in Costa Mesa; Plans Developer Conference in LA
m Federal judge won't block Arizona rules limiting use of abortion drugs
m Experimental Breast Cancer Drug Seems Safe
e Sir Mick Jagger has paid tribute to his "lover and best friend" L'Wren Scott.
m After 1K Dog Deaths, Petco Drops All Treats Made in China
e 'Sharknado 2: The Second One:' Read what others are writing about the Syfy  ...
m General Mills, Girl Scouts Go After Makers Of Liquid Nicotine Over Trademarked  ...
t Spring equinox: Google marks the first day of spring with Doodle
e Bieber avoids charges over phone fracas, waits to hear about egg attack
e Newspaper Publishes Photo of Duchess of Cambridge's Bare Butt! Royal Tramp  ...
e Iggy's beau stands up for his woman
m More Hospitals, More Choices Coming To Health Exchange
b India became 3rd-largest economy in 2011 from 10th in 2005
b Home sales across the U.S. rise 1.3 percent in April
t BLOOD MOON: What's All The Fuss About? (And When You Can Watch It)
e 'True Blood' Season 7 Episode 3 Recap: “Fire in the Hole”
t Sliding stones of Death Valley: Rocky riddle resolved
e TV Season Finales For May 19-May 25
b 5 rescued after broken water main floods UCLA
e Actor Jonah Hill Apologizes For Making Anti-Gay Comment; Calls Words Against  ...
b Top Banana! World's Biggest Producer Created
t NPD Group: PlayStation 4 beats Xbox One sales in February
m Video of Paralyzed Men Regaining Use of Legs After Novel Implant
b Amazon Fire Phone Launches As AT&T Exclusive
b Crude gains on upbeat U.S. spending data
b Tesco profits slump again
b Honeywell reports second quarter 2014 sales up 6% to $10.3 billion; EPS of  ...
t Amazon ponders Netflix-like service for e-books:...
b Microsoft finally unveils Office for Apple's iPad
e The Walking Dead Season 5 Spoilers: What Happens Next? Everything We  ...
b San Francisco warns Monkey parking to stop selling spots
t Microsoft's laptop-killing Surface Pro 3 announced
m Govt to set up polio vaccination points at airports
m Donnelly raises stress disorder awareness
m MERS death toll rises in Saudi Arabia
e 'Divergent': An intriguing time in a grim future Chicago
t Apple Gets 30 Percent Cut on Office 365 Subscriptions Made Through Office for  ...
m UCLA leading the way for improved stroke treatment
e Granlund cartoon: Boston Marathon 2014
e GAA and Croke Park had no indication that licence would be refused for Garth  ...
b New yuan loans gather momentum in May
e VIDEO Hilary Duff launches music comeback with Chasing the Sun single
t Researchers Identify 11-Billion-Year-Old Cold White Dwarf Star
b No word whether Ky. Family Dollar stores among 370 to close
e Miley Lets Homeless Man Accept MTV Award
e Beverly Hills Council to Vote on Condemning Government of Brunei
m Jenny McCarthy Clarifies: 'I Am Not Anti-Vaccine!'; Says Autistic Son Evan  ...
b Relatives of MH370 passengers protest in Malaysia
t West Valley gas prices stabilize
t SAMSUNG LAUNCHES 4 NEW GALAXY SMART PHONES !!!
m Men with chronic inflammation in non-cancerous prostate tissue may have  ...
m Socioeconomic status plays a role even in cancer
b ECB Watch
t Home»News»Business»Iceland lowers aviation alert to orange; no signs of  ...
e Idris Elba Shares Snap Of "Truly Amazing" Second Child, Winston
b US jobless claims hit seven-year low
m CDC puts MERS warning Signs in Airports
t Earth Hour more successful in Delhi this year
b Obamacare Cost Projection Drops $109 Billion
b The FT Isn't Just Saying Piketty Made A Mistake - They're Saying Piketty  ...
m Test could predict breast cancer risk early
t 'OK, Google,' make smartwatches work
m Odor test, eye exam may spot Alzheimer's
e Watch Michael Jackson Help This Kid Win His High School Talent Show With  ...
e Box Office Roundup: 'Transcendence' Dies, 'Captain America' Reigns Supreme
t Google (GOOG) To Sell Google Glass To All For One Day
e Mad Men season 7 episode 1 review: Time Zones
e Sirius-XM Fires Radio Host Anthony Cumia
b Emirates cancels Airbus order, PF Chang's data breached and much-needed  ...
b Stocks rise after Yellen speech, Dow hovers near session high again
b The Surprising Truth Behind Tax Day: Where Your Taxes Go
e Colbert as next 'Late Show' host raises questions and excitement
e Zac Efron's bodyguard claims actor SAVED HIS LIFE after they were 'attacked in  ...
b CORRECTED-Output of Ambassadors halted, iconic car of official India
b Higher Swipe Fees--They're Baaack!
t Panasonic, Tesla to build major US battery plant for electric vehicles, site not  ...
b Starbucks' Open-Later, Burger-Serving Joint to Open June 12 in LA
e Eppler: 'Captain America: Winter Soldier' among Marvel's best
b Metro Dalton's unemployment rate dips
e Pre-Order 'Alien: Isolation,' Play As Sigourney Weaver-Voiced Ripley
b Housing Recovery Steps Off A Cliff
m Scientists withdraw claim about making stem cells - News and Weather For The  ...
m To PrEP or Not to PrEP, That Is the Question
b Euro Trapped In Losses After Weak PMI Data, ECB Eyed
t Dr Dre-founded Beats Electronics looks set for takeover by Apple
e Exclusive 1:1 Interview: Deliver Us From Evil Star Olivia Munn!
e Shailene Woodley does not own a cellphone
t President Obama puts together Pollinator Health Task Force to protect honey bees
b Tesla's Model S gets titanium shield to prevent battery fire
e Chris Brown - Chris Brown's Alleged Assault Victim Testifies As Trial Begins
e Joan Rivers slams Lena Dunham's weight: 'Don't say it's OK for other girls to look  ...
b Coca-Cola Earnings: The Scale is Tipping East
t Linux Foundation, tech vendors protect OpenSSL to prevent next Heartbleed
t Study reveals strong links between Antarctic climate, food web
b US: S&P 500 closes above 2000 for first time
t 2015 Chevrolet Trax revealed, will be offered in the US [video]
t Mumsnet hacked by Heartbleed bug new UK-based parenting tips website  ...
b Cheniere Energy Inc (LNG): Everything Looks Great ... Don't Buy It!
t ENTERPRISE SOFTWARE Oracle Buys Hotel/Retail Software Provider Micros
t FCC Chairman Says Google Fiber Can Be The Key To Faster, Reliable Internet
b Nook maker Barnes & Noble to split into two companies
e Rare British Guiana stamp sets record at New York auction
b Airbnb in funding talks valuing it at about $12.7b - source
e Be Like Brad Pitt and Have a Beer (Cocktail)
t eBay Faces US, International Investigations Over Major Security Breach
t Verizon Samsung Galaxy S5 Is A Better Buy Than Other Versions
t Microsoft layoffs in Puget Sound a good thing? | Tech association CEO sees  ...
e 5 things to know about Michael Jackson's estate
t A long-snouted tyrannosaur nicknamed 'Pinocchio rex' has been found in China
t Amazon 3D smartphone to compete with Apple and Samsung – report
t SRT Jeep Grand Cherokee Hellcat Could Obliterate Every SUV on Earth…Period
b Stocks Remain Mostly Positive Following Early Rally - U.S. Commentary
b Krispy Kreme Gives Investors A Toothache After Missing Earnings Estimates And  ...
b Twitter is Looking to Prove that They Are Worth Investing On
t Apple's Yosemite: Name and What it Does (Video)
e 'Mighty Morphin Power Rangers' are Go Go for Reboot!
b Store wars see inflation rate dive
t Rumour: Windows 8.1 Update 2 readied for autumn release complete with Start  ...
e Wanna Feel Old? Blue Water To Publish 20th Anniversary Kurt Cobain Comic
t Station Crew Begins Week with Cargo Transfers, Redocking and Spacewalk Preps
e Did Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber split again?
b Iran's Building a Mock Aircraft Carrier for a Movie
t HTC One M8 appears in 14-minute video leak
t Chromecast now available in UK, Canada and other EU countries [Update]
b Hong Kong shares flat as weak China stocks gain on good US job data
b Healthcare.gov Picks Lousy Time for Scheduled Maintenance
m Gambia Ebola tests prove negative - official
e Dancing with the Stars 2014 Spoilers: Premiere – Meryl Davis and Maks (VIDEO)
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S Takes a Shot at the iPad Air
e 'New' Michael Jackson Album Is Coming Out
t Samsung Galaxy S5 mini release date, price and specs: Keeps fingerprint  ...
e Watch Kevin Costner play catch with sons on Field of Dreams site
e 1964 NY World's Fair -- It's Been 50 Years!
t Jupiter's Great Red Spot Shrinks to Smallest Size Ever Seen (Video, Photos)
e Brian Williams Raps 'Gin And Juice' For Jimmy Fallon [Video]
m Earliest Evidence of Cancer Detected in 3000-Year-Old Complete Human  ...
t US Senators Barbara Boxer and Kirsten Gillibrand Praise Obama Administration  ...
b Euro-zone inflation picks up, but below ECB target
b Existing home sales decline for third straight month, but prices keep rising
e Selena Gomez: I lost myself
e Beverly Hills Could Ask Brunei to Sell Namesake Hotel Over Anti-Gay Law
e Make A Slap Bet on the Ratings for the 'How I Met Your Mother' Finale (Poll)
m Fewer OD Deaths in States with Legal Medical Pot
t Android 4.4.3 KitKat Spotted on Samsung Galaxy S5 Prime and Samsung Dev  ...
e Essence Festival Highlights: July 5
t Apple may refund $400M in digital book settlement - WBOC-TV 16, Delmarvas  ...
b Energy & Metals Markets Closed For The Day – After A Busy Trading Day On  ...
e Captain America's #HailHydra memes win the Internet
b Candy Crush Saga-maker set to go public
m In South Africa around six million are affected with HIV
t Climate: Antarctic ice melting faster than ever
t NASA discovers 'possibly habitable' planet
t Facebook Buys Oculus Rift VR Company for $2Bn
e Man trampled at Miami's Ultra Music Festival
m Cruise ship with sick passengers docks in San Diego
e Coachella 2014: Replacements? Pharrell? Wye Oak? Choices abound
t Google to offer end-to-end email encryption to hide data from spying eyes
b The week ahead in economics: The Fed meets, housing finance and inflation
e Josh Elliott will leave 'Good Morning America' for NBC Sports
b UPDATE 1-GE says talks with France on Alstom productive, to boost jobs
e Chris Brown and Drake to appear together in ESPYs skit with Blake Griffin
e Hugh Jackman's Second Cancer Scare
e Palo Alto: 'Away from Emma Roberts, the film drifts' – first look review
e Neil Patrick Harris Flips Out at Fan During Broadway Performance
e Nick Cannon's Dad Slams Mariah Carey Via Facebook Post
t Study: Fossil found in SC was giant bird with huge wingspan
e New Bond girl; Johnny Depp subpoenaed in murder case; 'Gone Girl' preview  ...
e EXCLUSIVE: New Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductee Paul Stanley, of Kiss  ...
e TV review: “The Leftovers” is intriguing
e Dancer may sue Britney Spears over video accident
t Apple refreshes MacBook Air, no price drop in Canada
b Disney Skates to Higher Earnings
b Pfizer's profit drops 15 percent due to lower sales
e Hangout Festival Drawing Huge Crowds to Ala. Coast
m Lung Drug Data Showdown: InterMune vs. Boehringer Ingelheim
e 5 intriguing questions about the 2014 BET Awards
e Rolf Harris 'flattered' over girl's attention
e “Transformers: Age of Extinction” Opens Nationwide Friday
b Investors anticipate higher Allergan bids amid Valeant's hostile takeover
b 9 burning questions MPs must ask Astra and Pfizer
t Government fines GM maximum $35M in safety case
m Illinois man picks up infection from American with mysterious Middle East Virus
t “Ununseptium”- Periodic Table's 117th Element
m Help to battle allergy symptoms
b Would a Dish and DirecTV Merger Be a Monopoly Today?
t Lunar eclipse 2014 is here: watch blood moon live tonight on Slooh
t Nest Labs brings the 'smart home' to life
t Supermoon to be seen tonight; two others will be visible on August 10  ...
t Hosting Mayors Conference Lets Dallas Showcase the City
b Kroger - Highly Strategic Vitacost Deal Confirms Capable Management
t Doodle 4 Google contest finalists announced - See their awesome designs
t Mysterious, Giant Crater Appeared Out Of Nowhere Is Baffling Everyone [Video]
t 'End Of The World' Crater Mystery In Siberia
b Beef filet filling but cash is what they came for - WECT TV6-WECT.com:News  ...
t Steady on, Dr. Dre, you might not become a billionaire just yet
b 2013 was 'a good time to fly' according to airline ratings
t Amazon Officially Acquires Twitch
t Internet outraged by Facebook's mood experiment
b China industrial output up 8.8pc in May
e The First Trailer for 'St. Vincent' Is Here and It Includes Bill Murray at His Finest
e Horrible Bosses 2 Trailer
m Infertility treatments may benefit from discovery of 'Juno' protein
b Target CEO Resigns in Data Breach Aftermath - Analyst Blog
e Miley Cyrus brings 'Bangerz Tour' to NBC: Watch two new clips
m The protein that lets egg, sperm hook up
b U.S. oil futures inch lower ahead of Fed, supply data
b Citi profit dips, hurt by $7bn settlement
e Naomi Campbell Laughs Off Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Vogue Cover
b European shares extend gains on speculation of ECB action
e The Leftovers: HBO's latest has the reappearing dead, heavy melancholy and  ...
t Apple agrees to $450m settlement
m Ebola poses low public health risk to Singapore: MOH
e Miley Cyrus Gets Lip Tattoo Of Sad Kitty
m Los Alamos, Quay counties are poles apart in health study
t Apple and IBM team up for enterprise software cooperation
e Johnny Depp trades 'clown nose' for serious 'Transcendence'
e Box Office: Battle Of The Sequels! Jonah Hill And Channing Tatum's '22 Jump  ...
e AP Drama WriterJune 26, 2014 Updated 14 minutes ago
b Unemployment Ticks Up To 6.2 Percent; 209000 Jobs Added
b State Wildlife Officials Relocate Salmon By Truck Due To Drought
b Pfizer CEO Faces UK Panel on AstraZeneca as Resistance Hardens
b Action camera-maker GoPro makes picture-perfect debut
e The Voice 2014 Season 6 Spoilers: Week 3 Blind Auditions Sneak Peek (VIDEO)
e Fashion face off as Kim Sears and Kate Middleton both hit Wimbledon
e Daily Wrap of All Things For Friday, April 11: Amazon, Captain America: Winter  ...
b MH370 cargo manifest has been deleted, says Anwar
b 26/05/2014Merkel leads fightback against eurosceptic charge
e Woman Dies After Collapsing at Coachella of 'Apparent Drug Overdose'
t Katheryn Deprill, 'Burger King Baby' abandoned 27 years: Meets her birth mother
e Why 'Game of Thrones' exploded this season
t New Details of Valve's VR Headset Emerge
e Amy Adams Gives Soldier Her First Class Seat On Flight
b The Scotsman cartoon: MP questions over Pfizer deal
m Saudi Arabia reports big jump in MERS cases, including 282 death - 12 News  ...
e Seoul, you've been warned: Joss Whedon apologizes for 'The Avengers: Age of  ...
m Current Ebola epidemic 'unprecedented', WHO warns
b NATO sees no evidence of Russian troop withdrawal from Ukraine border
m CDC says as many as 1 in 68 US kids may have autism
e Watch: Joss Whedon's Apology to Seoul for 'Avengers: Age of Ultron'
m Gilead Sciences (GILD) PT Bumped Up at Nomura
b County's unemployment rate among lowest in state
e Kevin Spacey is to play Winston Churchill on the big screen
b Dollar edges higher on equities gloom
b Elizabeth Arden Inc.: Elizabeth Arden, Inc. Announces Third Quarter Fiscal 2014  ...
e Zach Braff's Crowd-Funded Indie Is Just Good Enough
m WHO Declares Global Health Emergency To Stem Potential Resurgence Of Polio
b UK gas prices jump as Russia cuts supplies to Ukraine
e US Airways Tweets NSFW Photo: What Actually Happened
e WorldPride ends on high note as huge crowds line Toronto streets for parade
b Dollar struggles on US Fed's dovish stance, pound at 4-1/2-year high
t Video of Dr Dre Appears to Confirm Apple-Beats Deal
m Health-care workers needed for Ebola outbreak
m To be an organ donor, specific attitudes trump general support, study finds
e #AskThicke: Robin Thicke Trend Gets Trolled BIG Time
e 5 Things to Know About the New 'Peter Pan,' Allison Williams
t Hart Student is CT Winner in Google Contest
m NHS medical teams may not be suggesting correct treatments for breast cancer  ...
e 'Mad Men' season opener recap: Don Draper isn't in such a golden state
b 'Breast marketing' by Samsung, LG attracts derision
b Nokia open to acquisitions, but in no rush: Rajeev Suri
e 'The View' shake-up: Three fired; only Whoopi remains
t Google Now on Chrome finally comes to Windows and Mac OS
t Apple Unveils Updated iOS, Mobile Health And Home Services
m Anthrax discovered in beef
m VA to host mental health open house
e George Clooney's Outrage
m Dr. Paula Walker discusses National Walking Day
e 'Chef' Director Jon Favreau Would Have Directed 'Star Wars' If Anyone Had  ...
e Watch: Get Lost In The Cloud With 2 Clips From 'Sex Tape' Starring Jason Segel  ...
b Market Update: Comcast Corporation (NASDAQ:CMCSA) – Netflix gloves come  ...
m OECD sees growth slowing as emerging markets lose steam
e Harrison Ford Injures Ankle On 'Star Wars' Set, Millennium Falcon Door To Blame
b Manufacturing still burdened by cash shortage
e Mark Ruffalo, Jennifer Garner no longer friends because of Ben Affleck
b Don't let these stock market gyrations scare you
t 5 Must-Have Google Glass Apps For Road Warriors
t Samsung to Swap Snapdragon for Exynos with Intel LTE on Galaxy S5 Prime  ...
b Microsoft adds splash of colour with first Nokia ad
e Dancing with the Stars Recap: Charlie Eliminated on Semi-Finals Night (5/12/14)
e The meteoric neglect
b FOREX-Dollar touches one-month high vs yen, Swedish crown gains
e Bieber not 'committed' to Gomez
e I have a normal, sisterly relationship with Kate: Pippa
t GM: Payouts to crash victims won't be limited
t Aereo: Where does it go from here?
m Alcohol kills one person every ten seconds
b Draghi Says Rates to Stay Low as ECB Prepares New Loans
t Amazon Web Services launches R3 instances
e Transcendence (Warner Bros.)
b Interest Rates Might Be Higher If Monetary Policy Spoke with a Texas Twang
e TV: New series of glossy drama, Mad Men, will be bittersweet for fans
e Unsullied Eyes - "Mockingbird" (Game of Thrones #4.07)
t Operation Dry Water
b Gold Steady; Platinum Up As South African Strike Ends
b Telus names CEO as Entwistle becomes executive chairman
b Treasuries Rise as Fed Meeting, Iraq Tensions Drive Haven Demand
t NASA's New 2020 Mars Rover Will Make Oxygen From CO2 On The Surface of  ...
b NASDAQ Composite May Be Showing Signs Of Bullish Life [PowerShares QQQ  ...
b Stocks To Watch For May 23, 2014
t New Nintendo hardware in development for emerging markets
b High fees may be taking big bites out of 401(k) plans
e 7Everyday Hero provides a special kind of care
b Uber Is Now Losing Money On Every UberX Ride
t Around 88 percent of ocean surfaces damaged by plastic: Study
b US Supreme Court narrows rules on curbing greenhouse gases
t Meteor Shower could turn into a Meteor Storm
e Drake Calls Out Macklemore: 'Real Music Doesn't Always Win Grammys'
e Jessica Simpson's parents arguing over wedding?
b Zillow Acquires Trulia for $3.5 Billion in Stock
e Quotes of the Day: Miley Cyrus, Alexander Armstrong, Boris Johnson
t Cost of fighting warming 'modest,' says UN panel Despite emissions growth
t Samsung introduces 2 anti-theft solutions for its Galaxy S5
m Local team holding fundraisers for Relay for Life
b GameStop shares continue slide as earnings come in light
e Iranian authorities release Happy viral video stars
t Microsoft Surface Pro 3 And Surface Mini On The Way
t Obama orders review of pesticides' effect
b The Silk Road Bitcoins Were Auctioned Off, But No One Knows Who Won
b After building a global empire, Barclays seeks to dismantle it
e 'Neighbors' too much for 'Spider-Man' at box office
b COMMENT: Has Draghi spoofed us again?
m Agent: Pistorius planned travel with girlfriend - Northern Michigan's News Leader
m Japanese stem cell study tainted with dodgy data
e Have Kim Kardashian and Katie Couric Made Up?
b Narrow-minded Crumbs was always going to get iced
m Autism Rates on the Rise
t The otherworldly ambitions of Tesla Motors CEO
t Google set for early announcement of Android to assist developers
e ABC to Air Back-to-Back Episodes of 'Marvel's Agents of SHIELD' Tuesday April 15
e Properly singing the national anthem is tricky
t Samsung Galaxy S5 review round-up: Almost flawless, except for low-light  ...
b Fast food ambitions in China hampered by safety scares
e Tweet Your Favorite Ninja Turtle To Unlock New Posters, Trailer [Updated: All  ...
e Alexander Wang Announces Collaboration With H&M, Our Hearts Skip A Beat
b Turkish footballers visit Soma mine town
b Best Of FORBES: Target's CEO Steps Down, Company Shares Drop
e 'Lindsay' finale: Tears, fears and a miscarriage
t NASA Tests Flying Saucer-Shaped Vehicle for Future Mars Landing
b Is Gold's Golden Cross a Head Fake? Weekly Gold ETF Update
e 'Good Wife,' 'Breaking Bad,' 'Game of Thrones,' 'True Detective' Lead TCA Award  ...
t Microsoft set to announce job cuts
m WHO scientists head to Saudi Arabia to help with growing MERS outbreak
e Kim and Kanye turn down $1m for wedding photos
e Gwyneth Paltrow-Chris Martin 'conscious uncoupling' has heads spinning
b Eurotunnel CHAOS: 382 Eurostar passengers evacuated after shuttle breaks  ...
t PlayStation 4 System Update 1.70 Will Add SHAREfactory Video Editor
e 'Dads,' 'Enlisted' and 'Surviving Jack' Canceled by Fox
b EUROPE MARKETS: Europe Stocks Edge Back; EasyJet Drops On Downgrade
e Mekhi Phifer Files For Bankruptcy, Reportedly $1.3 Million In Debt
b Stocks drift after Google, IBM earnings disappoint
t Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX): Fighting For Internet Neutrality
b China Soybean Imports Jump in April as Demand Recovers
e Bieber makes racist jokes -- again
e Fox News' Eric Bolling 'Kidding' about George Clooney Being Gay
e 'Orange Is the New Black' Season 2 trailer promises things will get crazier than  ...
e Edgar Wright Is No Longer Directing Ant-Man
b Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR) Q1 2014 Will Be Out Today
e Movie review: Spider Man-2 has little to offer that truly amazes you
t HTC exec Jason Mackenzie on the challenge and promise of the new HTC One  ...
e PHOTOS Snooki's baby bump debut one week after revealing pregnancy
b CORRECTED-Fifth tanker of Iraqi Kurdish oil loading in Turkey- officials
e Trailer For The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies Screened At Comic-Con
e Kim Kardashian Wedding Snub: All About “Status” for Beyonce
m Campaigners critical of NICE decision on cancer drug
b Number of Americans without medical insurance hits recent low, Gallup claims  ...
t 'Flappy Bird' creator says that the game will return
m Study Ranks Illinois' Healthiest Counties
b JK Rowling's publishers feuding with amazon over e book prices
t Handing climate communication over to business
t Health Care Data Hacked: Montana Breach Affects 'Up To' 1.3 Million
e Justin Bieber: 'I was detrimental to my own career'
e Shia LaBeouf 'Receiving Treatment for Alcohol Addiction' After Arrest
m Five a day 'not enough'
t New York to be hotter, wettier and buggier
e Michael Jace, from TV's The Shield, charged with murder in wife's death
m Bone marrow transplants may help adult sickle cell patients
b Stocks edge higher on earnings gains; Apple up
e Jessica Simpson, Eric Johnson Wedding This Weekend: Menu, Guests & More  ...
m Scientists withdraw stem cell method claim
e Lindsay Lohan Secretly Miscarried While Filming Her Documentary Series
b UBS Pays €300m to Settle German Tax Probe
b Missing flight MH370 could be lost for 'decades', says top Malaysia Airlines boss
e Gary Oldman showed how far 'anti-PC brigade' sentiment has come
t Microsoft Ends Windows XP Support Service
b LEAD: Eurozone unemployment holds steady at 11.9 per cent By Andrew  ...
e HBO's 'The Normal Heart' Looks At The Early Days Of The AIDS Crisis
m Researchers Find Gene That Augments Cognitive Capabilities
e Review: 'X-Men: Days of Future Past'
m Tequila may prevent obesity and diabetes - TEQUILA FOR EVERYONE!
b Twitter considers management shake up
t Google I/O keynote gets interrupted by protestors and accusations of killer robots
e Thirteen Years After 9/11, NY Taxpayers Funding Terrorist Sympathizing Opera
e Is Mrs Doubtfire 2 really a good idea?
e Watch: Prison Break Plotted In Clip From 'Guardians Of The Galaxy' Plus James  ...
t Smartwatches from LG and Samsung now available for pre-order
t iPhone sales hit a new high, but the iPad and iPod fare less well
e Jenny McCarthy's Engagement Ring: Here's the First Pic of Her Ginormous  ...
e The Bachelorette Finally Addresses Contestant Eric Hill's Death On The Show  ...
m Researchers: Tompkins is Second Healthiest County in NY
e Ruffalo blames Affleck for end of friendship with Garner
e Rolling Stones resume world tour in Oslo
b MtGox exchange finds 200‚000 Bitcoins
t Google Courts Businesses With Android for Work Initiative
b GLOBAL MARKETS-US shares seen opening lower as tech giants stumble
t Report in grim finding on climate
b US Stock Futures Decline on Data as Iraq Violence Grows
e Jenners stand out at MuchMusic Awards
e Winners Announced For The 49th Annual Academy Of Country Music?? Awards
b Philly rail workers return, service to resume
t OkCupid Asks Firefox Users to Use Another Browser in Gay Rights Protest
t Snapchat pays up over privacy allegations, gets slapped with 20-year probation
b US Economy Grew Faster Than Previously Estimated In Q4
e 'Sharknado 2' creates feeding frenzy on Twitter, record audience for Syfy
t Tesla Adds Titanium to Model S Sedan
e HBO shows hit Amazon Prime Instant Video (but no GoT)
e Researchers Discover Dozens of Lost Warhol Artworks on Floppy Disks
t Alarm bells toll as UN unveils climate report
t Heartbleed bug infects Cisco, Juniper equipment
b Women's clothier Coldwater Creek going out of business; one store in Colorado  ...
b ECB in focus this week
t Build Your Favourite Space Gadgets With LittleBits' Awesome NASA Kit
b Making sense of sanctions 09.03.2014
b California DMV says no evidence of credit card breach, but is launching  ...
b Russian pilots who managed to pull up and avoid catastrophic crash at  ...
e Lorde is curating the 'Mockingjay' film soundtrack album
e Win It! A Samsonite Leather Luggage Set, Courtesy of 'The November Man'
t Google Glass coming for public on 15 April, it will be a one day sale
e 18:09 - Turkish auteur Ceylan headed to Cannes for 6th time
t Google Inc (GOOG) will pay $15 per referral to Google Apps with certain conditions
b BMW sees 2014 pretax profit up by single to double digit pct
t Americans Think Drones Are Creepier Than Google Glass
e Veteran Actor Eli Wallach Dies at 98
b ECB seen to ease monetary policy despite better economy
b Ford sinks after reporting weak earnings amid a broad market decline; Amazon  ...
e Foo Fighters Played A Surprise Show At New Orleans' Preservation Hall Last Night
t ICYMI: eBay passwords, bad guys get badder & Microsoft's mad week
m E-Cigarette ads scare anti-smoking activists
e Spotify Offering 'Premium' Subscription Service to US Students at Half Price  ...
e Jason Bateman, Tina Fey in "This Is Where I Leave You" comedy trailer
t Samsung looks to Google for help in it's latest legal battle with Apple
e Charlize Theron “Didn't See” Relationship with Sean Penn Coming
e Michael Jackson remembered 5 years later: How the Daily News covered the  ...
b Short Seller Favorite GameStop Slumps Again
t Phone technology court battle nears close
e Phil Collins donates extensive Alamo collection to museum
e Rolf Harris found guilty in abused girls case
m US citizen in being held in quarantine in Ghana; undergoing test for Ebola
e George RR Martin On That Disturbing 'Game Of Thrones' Sex Scene
t A new title-holder for world's fastest land animal: A California mite
e 'Sopranos' creator may have revealed what happened to Tony
t Google slammed for running racket by a top publisher
e The Worst Things Written About 'Transformers: Age Of Extinction'
b Chinese social media company Weibo's shares jump in US stock market debut
t Will Amazon smartphone cause Wall Street to lose patience?
b LME ASIAN WRAP: Copper price falls on China growth concerns
b Moynihan's vision blocked by Lewis' shadow
t Home / Odd News / UPI Almanac for Wednesday, July 16, 2014
t UK Researchers Come Up with Method for Turning Light into Matter
e Paul Simon, Edie Brickell Due In Court Today
b Libyan rebels to reopen two remaining oil terminals
t iPhone 6 vs iPhone 5S vs Nexus 5 vs Galaxy Note 3 - Assumptions Comparison  ...
t BlackBerry Messenger and Secure Work Space affected by Heartbleed security  ...
t Microsoft offering $100 to drop Windows XP
e Rolling Stones' Mick Jagger Is Ready to Rock Again
e Robin Thicke naming new album 'Paula' after Paula Patton
b Forecast - Pound Sterling Under Pressure, Euro to Dollar Exchange Rate  ...
b The war on Amazon is Big Publishing's 1% moment. What about other writers?
t It's Aggie vs. Aggie on the Science of Climate Change
e Filming begins in metro Detroit for Superman-Batman film
b 411's WWE Money in the Bank 2014 Report 06.29.14
t Shockwave solar flare may hit Earth today: Possible blackouts in communications
m US$40m towards brain implant that could restore soldiers' memories
t Lasers, satellites and drones: How Facebook plans to deliver Internet to the  ...
b Facebook 1Q results soar beat Wall Street s expectations
m Young Girls Who Are Constantly Told They Are Fat More Likely To Become Obese
e Samuel L Jackson shocked by Harrison Ford's accident
m CDC: Norovirus common in foodservice
e Chelsea Handler's 'Chelsea Lately' finale bares it all with star-studded send-off
e MMVA Awards 2014 Red Carpet: Best Dressed Celebrities from Kendall Jenner  ...
b Correction to March 28 story on health-care enrollment
e Jamie Foxx Reveals The Four-Time Oscar Winning Icon Who Inspired Electro In  ...
e 'Book of Mormon,' 'Chimerica' win at Olivier Awards in London
m Food-Borne Illness Rates Steady, CDC Says
b Bank of America to spend $9.3B in FHFA settlement
e Shakespeare's 450th birthday: Look at his library, get a read on him
t Honda recalls two million vehicles worldwide for airbag defect
e Beyonce Changes 'Resentment' Lyrics, Fuels Rumors Of Marital Issues (VIDEO)
t Climate change mission: NASA satellite released after California rocket launch
e Taylor Swift Trying To Reconnect With Unwilling Selena Gomez
b Air travel: More flights late, more bags mishandled
b Out of gas: Hess Corp. sells retail business to Marathon Petroleum for $2.6 billion
b Marijuana Legal Clarifications Coming To Colorado
m Rare Mono Mono Twins Born Holding Hands Just Before Mother's Day
e 'Dawn of the Planet of the Apes' Trailer: New Full-Length Trailer For 'Planet of the  ...
b SNC-Lavalin to buy U.K.'s Kentz for C$2.11 bln
b Ackman Amassed Allergan Stake Under Botox-Maker's Radar
e From the archives: Remembering Sir Richard Attenborough
t Google Glass made more stylish with Ray-Ban and Oakley frames
t Google to be sued in US over 'snooping'
t Apple may pay up to $459m in e-book case
e The rapper took a moment out of the awards show to address the situation in  ...
e Celebs & Influencers
t Samsung Galaxy S5 hits South Korea today, defies April 11 'launch date'
m Mosquitoes test positive for West Nile virus at 3 Naperville parks
b Amazon pays employees to quit
t Emotional states on facebook 'contagious' research finds
e Usher Releases New Single 'Good Kisser' [VIDEO]
m Forsyth Co. medical director weighs in on chikungunya virus
e Bryce Gilmore is a 2014 James Beard Award Finalist
b Payday Loans Trap 80 percent of Borrowers in Ongoing Cycle of Debt
t Google Buys Songza, a Playlist Service for Any Occasion
m Chicken recall announced
t Apple Inc.'s share price down, unveils its priorities and new projects at the  ...
e Review: Noah
t Oracle's Java API code protected by copyright, appeals court rules
t Toyota to pay $1.2 billion fine for misleading consumers on sudden acceleration
e Rihanna's peek-a-boo dress at the CFDA awards
b JM Smucker Raises List Price For Packaged Coffee Products - Quick Facts
m New non-invasive, stool-based DNA colon cancer test effective
b France set to miss deficit goal despite spending cuts, EU predicts
e Bloom wants UK upbringing for son
b Why Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc. (NYSE:VRX) is Best option for  ...
b Toyoto moving headquarters to Dallas area
b Credit Suisse US settlement sets precedent, says Fitch
b Shares of China's JD.com soar 17 pct in market debut
b UK: Tesco's profits fall for second year in succession
b US companies add 281000 jobs in June; hiring surges after May slowdown
t Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN): Enters Into Mobile Apps
e Movie review: Kinnear keeps faith-based 'Heaven Is For Real' grounded
m Hepatitis C Treatment Cures Over 90% of Patients
b Couch surfing firm Airbnb gets a $10bn price tag
b Live blog and video of Yellen and Lagarde discussing financial stability
t Yahoo earnings: While sales may slip, watch mobile, acquisitions for signs of life
m Deadly virus spread to Indiana hasn't spread further
e In 5 clicks: Nicki Minaj's VMA wardrobe malfunction
b Google and Barnes & Noble launch attack on Amazon's home turf
e 'Guardians of the Galaxy''s Groot Deserves Best Animated Character of the Year  ...
b The Dow's 3 Most Loved Stocks
t 073014-dec-biz-briefs
m Hasty Riken STAP report draws fire
t Shape Up or Ship Out: 10 Changes CEO Nadella Wants from Microsoft Workers
e Universal's Harry Potter Diagon Alley Gets A Date!
e Justin Bieber So In Love With Selena Gomez - Reason He Fought Orlando Bloom
b Netflix to increase prices
m FDA approves Eliquis to reduce risk of blood clots following hip or knee  ...
t Facebook woos journalists with 'FB Newswire'
e In Sex Tape, a private video threatens to go public
t Podesta warns GOP on energy fights
e George Takei grand marshal of Seattle's 40th gay pride parade
e Brady Bunch's Alice Dies
t Luxottica seals strategic partnership with Google over Glass eyewear
b Unemployment Down in 29 States
m Crucial step taken toward simple Alzheimer's blood test
e Ben & Jerry's Free Cone Day 2014: Your Game Plan for Frozen Deliciousness
e Jay Z And Beyonce Announce Joint Summer Tour
e Maps To The Stars Trailer – David Cronenberg takes on a twisted Hollywood  ...
e Weird Al Yankovic's 'Foil' and 'Word Crimes' videos tackle conspiracy and grammar
t Nasdaq 100 in Focus ahead of Tech Earnings
b Earnings to Watch in Afterhours: VMware (NYSE:VMW), Juniper Networks  ...
e New Country Music Hall of Fame Inductees Named
m Taxing the Food Industry: Could Tobacco-Style Response Curb the Obesity  ...
m Microbes in human placenta not a bad thing
t Graco Gives In And Recalls Infant Seats
e Lindsay Lohan Suing Creators of 'Grand Theft Auto V'
e Director brothers Jean-Pierre, Luc Dardenne back on Cannes radar
m Hospital infection killed 75000 people in 2011, 720000 got infected
e Miley Cyrus Gets Emergency Restraining Order Against Arrested Fan Who  ...
e New Michael Jackson album, XSCAPE, featuring unheard material, will be  ...
b Inflation disinflation and deflation
b Spring arrives in housing market as sales rise
b Panera will dump all food additives by 2016
b TeliaSonera Buys Tele2's Norway Unit For SEK 5.1 Bln; Accelerates 4G Roll-out
e Frances Bean Cobain Takes Issue With Lana Del Rey's 'I Wish I Was Dead  ...
t SLIDESHOW: Pools at Burton Albion
b INVESTOR ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Announces the Investigation of  ...
e Mariah Carey, Nick Cannon Divorce: Things Might Get A Lot Worse For The  ...
t Crocodile close calls: UK man walks length of Nile
e How to Train Your Dragon 2 Review
b Stocks fall in afternoon trading; oil prices surge
m Watch the moment a deaf woman hears for the first time in her life
b Markets rebound after choppy day
e Drake Won't Play Music at Wireless Festival 2014: '0 to 100' Singer Replaced by  ...
b Yahoo's growth anemic as turnaround chugs along
t With interest in smartwatches kicking up the gears and a mass of new devices on  ...
e Benham brothers are 'saddened' by HGTV's decision to cancel show, say they  ...
t Mercedes-Benz Announces Pricing for the 2014 B-Class Electric Drive
m Smell Test: Humans Can Detect 1 Trillion Scents
e Double Whammy: Miley Cyrus's Home Burglarized Again
t Google Glass to be available for purchase by anyone in US on April 15
e 'The Avengers' cast members unleash 'Age of Ultron' footage at Comic-Con
m 2000 Weather Deaths Per Year in US; Cold Is Top Culprit
e Kiefer Sutherland returns in the role of Jack Bauer for '24: Live Another Day' on Fox
e 'Mad Men' Power Rankings, Episode 702: 'A Day's Work'
b Chinese PM Li Keqiang admits 'friction' with United States
m Ebola Victims Quarantined In Guinea
t Gas Prices Rise With Iraq Violence
t Samsung Galaxy K Zoom to debut on Amazon India
b Talks turn to arm twisting as Valeant now seeks to oust Allergan directors
m Ebola Crisis in West Africa Grows More Out of Control With 539 Dead From the  ...
e Beyoncé Shares Intimate Family Snap After THAT Lyric Change Sparked  ...
b GM Recalls 971000 More Vehicles
t Rdio and Crackle can now send music and free videos to your Chromecast
e 'Orphan Black' writers know how show will end, says Jordan Gavaris
e What Mrs Doubtfire Taught Us About Being A Horrible Parent
e Sue Townsend: The secret writer who became a best-selling author
b Amazon.com unveils Fire Phone with fast track to online shopping
e Wal-Mart driver pleads not guilty in Tracy Morgan crash; commute investigated
e 'Once Upon a Time in Wonderland' Spinoff Series: ABC Confirms Cancellation of  ...
m Study: Children Raised by Same-Sex Couples Healthier And Happier
t Think Facebook's Nearby Friends feature is creepy? Here's why you shouldn't
m Ebola problems highlighted in Sierra Leone
e Today in the News: David Letterman to retire next year
e Michael Strahan joins 'GMA' team
e Kimye in Paris to start 'wedding week'
b Opening Bell 8 May | Janet Yellen comments and easing of Ukraine crisis buoy  ...
t Microsoft said to announce large job cuts
t With Apple widely expected to launch the iPhone 6 in two sizes later this year  ...
e Angelina Jolie Condemns Kidnappings of 200 Nigerian Schoolgirls, Calls it an  ...
b Clearing Detroit's blight will cost city almost $2bn, taskforce report finds
b Apple regains cool with Beats buy
t On this day: May 19 - Rubik's Cube anniversary
t Facebook secretly manipulated users' emotions
m Beef recalled over possible mad cow concerns A Missouri company has recalled  ...
e Here's Why The Supreme Court May Have A Hard Time Understanding A Huge  ...
e Obamas attend Denzel Washington's Broadway play A Raisin in the Sun
t 5 things to know about captive marine mammals
b Beams, worker plummet onto California freeway, shutting it down
t Instagram is Down [Now Back]
t NASA to Look For Ancient Oceans on Pluto's Moon Charon
b New 2014 Mercedes S Class S500 price in India reduced by INR 20 Lakhs!
e The Wrap Up: Chris Evans Wants to Retire After He's Done With Captain America
t NSA Says It Wasn't Previously Aware of Heartbleed
b BC-BBN--National League Streaks
m New study finds 3-D mammogram scans may find more breast cancer
m Work Environment may be Less Stressful than Home, Particularly for Women
b Lululemon's founder fights back; Integrys rallies
t Net Neutrality Ruling 2014: As Mozilla Petitions The FCC For Better Consumer  ...
b Will Alcoa (AA) Surprise This Earnings Season? - Analyst Blog
b Google eyeing up to $30 billion in high tech foreign buyouts
b Is This Hip, New Ronald McDonald Any Less Creepy Than The Old Ronald  ...
t Microsoft's virtual reality plans still 'well behind' Oculus Rift
t T. Rex makes a cross-country trek
e Paul Walker Was Too Busy to Look After Daughter, Made His Mom Quit Work
e Jersey Shore star 'The Situation' faces assault charge after tanning salon fight
t Programmer Takes Blame for Heartbleed
e Game Of Thrones Season 4 Episode #02 – The Lion And The Rose Review
e Live: Bafta Television awards 2014
e Shailene Woodley Is Our Very Own Kate Middleton, Break Out The Trumpets
t Xbox One hits 5 million consoles sold to retailers worldwide
e Game Of Thrones' George RR Martin defends Jaime and Cersei Lannister sex  ...
t Samsung may unveil 'watch-phone' as early as June: report
t Hubble's most colorful image of the universe took 10 years and 600 hours to  ...
e The Votes Are In! Who Won 'American Idol'?!
b Consumer Alert: Kraft recalls over one million cases of cottage cheese
e Mara Wilson against Mrs. Doubtfire sequel plans
t GM recall: How automaker will defend itself in Congress
b TrueCar prices IPO at $9.00/shr
e Nicki Minaj at BET Awards: 'I really thought I was about to die'
e 'Jump Street' detours from laughs
e Fans back One Direction amid 'drugs' controversy
t iOS MMORPG Chaos Fighters is the top-rated free adventure game on the US  ...
t Secure Smartphone Manufacturer Silent Circle Raises $30 Million
b Sony CEO sees wearable gaming gear in company's future
e The Rolling Stones Pay Tribute to Late Soul Singer Bobby Womack
b May 8, 2014, 1:50 pm
b Interest Rates May Rise 'Sooner Than Expected'
e Review: 'Guardians' one of funniest comic-book movies in years
b IMF to give assessment on Ukraine bailout request
m 5 Reasons Why Most Of Us Should NOT Go Gluten-Free
m Study: Snack might help avoid fight with spouse
e iPod Rival Pono Hyped at SXSW
e Kim Kardashian goes on pre-wedding spree
t Apple Introduces 16GB iPod touch With Rear Camera; All Variants Get Price Cuts
e #WCW: 7 Reasons Kristen Bell Should Be My Girlfriend
t Google announces Google Fit health data platform
e Are you happy with the new “Star Wars” cast?
e Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie to Team Up On Screen?
e Trailer: First look at the Jersey Boys movie
b S&P 500 at fresh record, small caps continue to bounce
t Meeting real aliens could be possible in another 20 years
e You Won't Believe The Faces Julia Roberts Makes When Jimmy Fallon Throws  ...
b NYMEX-US crude above $107 a barrel on Iraq violence
t Reasons to Upgrade to Samsung Galaxy S5
e Singer Taylor Swift has been granted a restraining order against a man who  ...
m Study shows Headbanging in Metal Concert can lead to brain bleeding injury
e Britney Spears' sister Jamie Lynn to get married soon?
b Higher deliveries of 737s, 787s bump Boeing revenues up 8 percent for Q1
e Where Do You Go for Authentic Irish Cuisine in Boston?
t Samsung adds Galaxy S5 Mini
b Valeant urges $54 bln deal with carrot, two sticks
t Eric Schmidt: ECJ struck wrong balance over right to be forgotten
b This is what Colorado's first weed vending machine looks like
t T-Mobile's CEO goes on a rant about Amazon's rumored smartphone
t New Destiny Trailer Showcases Story and Multiplayer Modes
t Ok Google, take a picture comes to Android
t Google and Novartis to develop diabetic contact lenses
e Mel Gibson Arresting Cop -- How Dare Gary Oldman Attack Me ... I NEVER Used  ...
t Microsoft Wearable Tech Foray to Yield Fitness Band with Smartphone  ...
e The 15 best Record Store Day releases for 2014
b Latin Americans rally against US firm
e 'Real Housewives': How fame became part of the franchise
t Intel bets on wearables with acquisition of Basis Science
m Prescriptions for powerful painkillers vary widely among states
e 'X-Men' review: Franchise survives journey back to 1973
e With Megan Fox's help we now have the first two 'TMNT' character posters
m Report: US health care ranks last
e VIDEO: Katherine Heigl Suing Duane Reade Over a Tweet!
e David Brenner, 'Tonight Show' favorite, dies
t The $3.2B Apple-Beats rumor: What the analysts are saying
e Zara Wisely Pulls Star of David Holocaust Tee
e Thailand Military Coup: Taylor Swift Cancels Concert Amid Security Concerns
e Was Tony Soprano killed at the end of “The Sopranos?” We finally have an  ...
t EU and South Korea join forces in race to develop 5G mobile
b Gold falls 1.5 per cent
b American Apparel's Dov Charney: "There's Nothing I Have To Say Right Now"
m Parents Oversee Their Overweight Kids
e Miley Cyrus urges London fans to swap nicotine for weed
m NHS could start prescribing e-cigarettes as study finds them 60% more effective  ...
e Los Angeles mayor drops F-bomb during rally for Stanley Cup champion Kings
b Malaysia denies pilot's home raided
t Best Buy Offers Computer Upgrade After Microsoft Ends 'Windows XP' Updates
b RBI sounded cautious on economic outlook: Sonal Varma
m Vaginas Grown in Labs Implanted in Women
b Global shock waves are felt in Germany
b Hertz Corporation to be seperated
t Microsoft Office: Word Tops iPad App Chart
e Led Zeppelin face legal action over claims of 'Stairway to Heaven' plagiarism
e Kid Cudi Coachella Crop Top: A New Trend? Fashion Experts Speak On  ...
m Study to test chocolate and heart health
e Ben Affleck And Jennifer Garner Make A Surprise Appearance At Kid's  ...
b Dollar jumps to 4-month high vs euro on speculation ECB may extend stimulus
e Game Of Thrones Shocks The World AGAIN With Another Colorful Wedding  ...
e Nick Viall reveals 'The Bachelorette' star Andi Dorfman had sex with him after  ...
t Ohio Environmental Advocate Says State Taking Steps Toward Facing Climate  ...
b Malaysia Airlines boss calls for flight path safety body
e Diane Sawyer gets two replacements
b Factories Post Fastest Growth For 17-month In July
b Premarket: ECB hopes help stocks end first quarter on a high
e GET ON UP Movie Review – Infectious Grooves, Reductive Narrative
m 2 new deaths of Ebola confirmed in West Africa, in Guinea and Sierra Leone  ...
e Trailer for "The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies"
t New Russian Rocket Rescheduled to Launch Tomorrow
e Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Guests Share Wedding Pics - SEE HERE!
b California Obamacare Insurance Premiums Still Rising
e 'The internet loves potato salad!' A spoof crowd sourcing campaign for making  ...
b Foreign Investors Selling out of Japanese Debt
e Rick Ross' album debut tops Pharrell's on Billboard chart
e Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez Are Getting Married?
t NASA's Opportunity Mars rover sets Off World Driving Distance Record
t Apple releases new MacBook Air models with faster processors, better price point
t Captain Toad: Treasure Tracker to land in UK in January 2015
t Sony Says PlayStation 4 Sales Pass Seven Million Units
t GM Chief To Detail Handling Of Ignition Switch Defect On Capitol Hill
e Twitter trolls Robin Thicke in Q&A #AskThicke
b Midday Update: Stocks Recouping Early Losses As Oil Rally Stalls, Wholesale  ...
e Powdered alcohols waiting for approval
m Consumers seek to raise California cap on malpractice awards
e Was Jaime Lannister holding a coffee cup during 'Game of Thrones' royal  ...
e Jena Irene American Idol “Clarity” Video 3/19/14 #IdolTop10
e Macklemore Apologizes for Performing in Offensive Costume
e twenty one pilots Covered 'Mad World,' And We're Not Mad At All
b HP Lays Off 16000 People
t Twitter blames software glitch for outage
e Ryan Gosling and Eva Mendes going to be parents, reports say
t BlackBerry buys encrypted voice firm Secusmart
t The lunar eclipse, from Houston
t How to snag yourself a copy of Microsoft Office for iPad
b New search area to shift south of suspected MH370 crash site
b Eurozone Inflation At 4-Year Low
e Kim Kardashian House-Hunting in NYC, Wants "Privacy" (For $18-$21 Million  ...
b In the Know: Chipotle Mexican Grill opens first Lee County location Wednesday
b US Transportation Secretary to visit Rhode Island to discuss highway funding
b UPDATE 2-US appeals court upholds Fed's debit card 'swipe fee' limits
t Video: Bronx Zoo welcomes 2 baby gorillas
e Rydell High Going Live: Live Musical of 'Grease' Coming to Fox
e She's Finally Crossed The Line: Miley Cyrus Makes Date Rape Joke During  ...
b NY to get $182M in Citigroup settlement
b State needs to control Medicaid spending
b New York Report: Factory figures help S&P 500 to record close
t Sprint will pay $7.5 million in record settlement over Do-Not-Call list
t Astronomers Discover First Exomoon Candidate
t Facebook Study & Experiment: Users Upset After Researchers Alter News Feeds  ...
b China's official PMI to rise slightly in May
m Dangerous Bacteria Could Linger in Airplanes
t Insecticide Use Responsible for Declining Honeybee Population
t Google Teams Up With Maker of Ray-Ban and Oakley to Develop Google Glass
t Share your exact location with Facebook friends
e Lindsay Lohan brutalizes a poor innocent car with a mallet
e Coachella goes corporate, as marketers can't resist the young, music-loving  ...
t FCC Warning: new text-to-911 feature is not widely available for use
e Miley Cyrus' New Tattoo Makes Quite A Statement
e Former children's entertainer found guilty of child abuse
e Emma Watson reveals red carpet secrets
t UN climate scientists see grim future if no action
b Lenovo sales: 55 million PCs, 50 million smartphones - and nine million tablets
e Jay Z, LA mayor to announce music festival
e Episode VII may be priciest 'Star Wars' yet
b Nadella's Big Moment: 5 Things To Watch
e Mickey Rooney's Wife Confesses She Found Out About Her Husband's Death  ...
b Jobless benefit requests fall by 2000
e The musical line-up spans the gamut
t Facebook launches internet app
e Producers Evan Katz and Manny Coto Talk '24: Live Another Day'
b Oregon's gas prices are fifth most expensive in the nation: Oregon fuel gauge
b SA welcomes Nigeria's economic growth
t Has Dr. Dre's drunken boast cost his company $3.2 billion?
b New York attorney general sets sights on co-location.
t FBI MOST WANTED: Russian hacker who loves boats and banking malware
b States sue 5-Hour Energy drink over advertising
e 'Mad Men' season 7, episode 8 spoilers: Matthew Weiner on Don Draper's future
b KC Fed chief expresses optimism in economic recovery
t HTC Teases HTC M8 Ace; To Have Curvier Design
t Google, like the rest of the world, finally backing away from Google+
e Watch the latest Dawn Of The Planet Of The Apes trailer
e LiLo files lawsuit against 'Grand Theft Auto' for crafting character on her
t Google Swoops On Facebook, Again, to Snatch Solar-Powered Drones
b Unemployment hits five-year low, pay growth matches inflation
b Bank of America Reaches $9.3bn Settlement With US Housing Regulator Over  ...
b Data Brokers Lack Transparency, Privacy Regulator Says
t NHTSA probes Nissan cars for 'unintended acceleration' problem
t Wearable tech gains momentum; sales expected to triple this year
t This is the winning face of the Moto 360, even the runners up are stunners
e Khloe Kardashian & French Montana Embrace & Show PDA At Vegas Birthday
b 2 Charts That Put the Chinese Pollution Crisis in Perspective
b UPDATED: Stocks edge higher on better manufacturing report
t GM faulty ignition switch recall
m Teen pregnancy rates drop in each state
t US fossil find shows biggest-known flying seabird
t Sony Unveils The First Trailer For MLB 14: The Show On PS4
m MERS virus reaches Iran, as Tehran reports first 2 cases
b Amid recalls, GM creates new post to spearhead safety issues
b Yahoo surges on solid first quarter, Alibaba growth
e Fox Cancels Enlisted, Dads, and Surviving Jack
t Sony Xperia C3 Is Official, Sony Wants In On The Selfie Trend
b Citigroup to pay $182M to New York State in settlement of federal mortgage  ...
t OkCupid Lied To Users About Their Compatibility As An Experiment
t UPDATE 1-US government: no need for recalled GM cars to be pulled off the road
t Apple TV offering compares favourably with Amazon, says Cook
b Candy Crush Saga - Tumbling Numbers and Falling Shares
e Wait a minute: Is Ryan Gosling returning to acting? 8:19AM
t Austin MotoGP: Marc Marquez 'still not 100% fit'
m Michelle Obama's food fight with GOP: Schools just want to have funds
b Supreme Court Upholds Majority Of EPA Regulatory Authority
e Kanye West: Annie Leibovitz quit photography assignment day before wedding
e Miley Cyrus Confirms "Wrecking Ball" Is a "F-ck You" to Liam Hemsworth
t iPhone 6 screens to enter production
b Walgreen Q2 Profit Slips on Tough Comparison, Weather
b Microsoft earnings slip but still beat forecasts
t Twitch Might Reject Microsoft's Offer In Favor Of Google
m Full steam ahead: The e-cigarette market is returning cigarette advertising to TV  ...
t Two new Biometric Patents from Apple Surface Covering Anti-Spoofing  ...
e How Did Kerry Washington Hide Her Pregnancy on Scandal?
b Medicaid Expansion Stalled — But Not Dead — In Missouri Legislature
e Lana Del Rey Almost Worked With Lou Reed Before His Death
t Mars rover sets off-Earth, off-road distance record
b Malaysia Airlines MH370: Australian Satellite Debris 'Credible Lead'
b DC Council approves broad new tax on health insurance to cover city's exchange
b Bermuda Triangle Scam: Malaysia Airlines MH 370 'Plane Found, Passengers  ...
t iPad Exploiter is Freed by Federal Appeals Court
b Target CEO resigns after last year's cyber attack
e More Saturday Night Live Cast Changes Announced — Who Got Cut? (VIDEO)
b FAA and Boeing: 787 Dreamliner meets 'high level of safety'
e Rebecca Soteros: Paul Walker's Ex Is An Alcoholic And Unfit Mom, His Mother  ...
t Apple slashes Macbook Air laptop price by £100 in quiet update
t Read All You Want With Amazon Kindle Unlimited
b Fewer Portland Homeowners Are Underwater Compared To Many Cities
e Turkish drama wins top prize at Cannes fest
b Stanley Fischer Confirmed as Vice-Chairman of Federal Reserve
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 May Continue Biometrics Craze With Retina Scanner
e Taylor Swift Surprised a Fan at Her Bridal Shower (and Even Brought a Perfect  ...
b GBP/USD – Steady As US Posts Mixed Data
b Population still growing in Philly, though slower
t NASA scrubs launch of carbon-monitoring satellite - KMPH FOX 26 | Central San  ...
b There Were Multiple Warnings About The Dangers Of Flying In Ukrainian  ...
m Bad sperm health may lead to early death: Study
e 'American Idol' bringing back all three judges, and Ryan Seacrest
e Adam Levine starred in 'Begin Again' for free
m A majority of people in the U. S. have human papillomavirus
t Viber New Redesigned iOS App and Coming to BlackBerry 10
t Gravitational waves from just after Big Bang show how universe grew
b Survey: McDonald's Has the Worst Burger in America
e Richard Gere dating Padma Lakshmi?
e “X-Men: Days of Future Past” dominates box office with $91 million
e Julia Roberts opens up about sister's suicide
b UK unemployment falls to 7.2% in pre-budget boost for government
t Scientists hail a first glimpse of 'the beginning of time'
b Standard & Poor's downgrades SA
e 'Glee's' Chris Colfer is not leaving series: Fox
m FoodNet Report: Pathogen Infection Rates Still 'Well Above' Government Targets
e 'Game of Thrones' Director Calls Season 4 Finale a Game Changer
m Exercise May Reverse Signs Of Skin Aging
t AT&T explores expansion of super-fast Internet to as many as 25 metro areas  ...
e 'Dancing with the Stars' week 7: Injuries, shirtless hunks, scores, elimination
t Opportunity Rover's Record-Breaking Mars Drive, Mapped
e 3 arrested outside Taylor Swift's Rhode Island beach house
e Gwen Stefani rumored to be joining 'The Voice'
t Garmin's Viago GPS App Has Powerful Features—Especially if You Pay Extra
m National Survey Links Teen Binge Drinking and Alcohol Brand References in  ...
e Zac Efron Gets Into Altercation in Downtown LA
e Watch Bill Murray Do Unmistakably Bill Murray Things In New 'St. Vincent' Trailer
b Pfizer's Bid May Have Been Invited by UK's Tax Policy
t The Reason for Apple's Massive $3 Billion Beats Deal? Spotify
m Match Day: Houston Medical Students Learn Their Fate
b General Electric Company Posts Lower Q1 Earnings; Beats EPS Estimates  ...
b Etihad Flies To The Aid Of Alitalia
e 9/11 museum called a monument to unity
e Update: Judge Joe Brown ARRESTED [VIDEO]
m Cuomo: Boost HIV tests, treatment to end epidemic
t Studying climate change from space: NASA's Orbiting Carbon Observatory  ...
b Is it cloud first or mobile first? Microsoft CEO explains
t Tesla Motors Patents Now Available To Anyone
e Pharrell Wears Headdress For Elle UK, Critics Are Not 'Happy'
t BlackBerry adds more security for the sensitive enterprise
e Miley Cyrus reschedules, adds Bangerz dates
e Springville-area churches schedule Easter services for 2014
t Smart cup tells what's in your drink
t GM consultant details switch compensation offer
e Chris Martin's Brother Opens Up About Gwyneth Paltrow Separation
b Stocks flat as S&P 500 wavers near 2000; Tiffany pops
b Hawkish Fed surprises market and leads US dollar higher
b Fed Taper To End In October
t Apple's new 21.5-inch iMac starts at $1099
e Cara Delevingne and Michelle Rodriguez kiss before heading to festival
t One Area of Growth for Twitter: Government Info Requests on Users
t Google Eyes Video Game Streaming Service Twitch
b Gold Rebounds From One-Month Low as Ukraine Spurs Demand
e 'A Gentleman's Guide To Love And Murder' Leads 2014 Tony Award Nominees
b Britain's FTSE slips as prospect of Smith & Nephew takeover fades
e Johnny Depp Gets Busted for Speeding in a Tesla with Jarvis Voice Actor in His  ...
e Bateman ups his game in 'Words'
b Most NZ teens financially literate
t Amazon Announces Kindle Unlimited Subscriptions For eBooks
b China's maritime disputes: Fear, honor and interest
m Teen Pregnancy Rates Fall to Lowest in 30 Years, Reports Pro-Abortion Group
e 'Days of Future Past' gives 'X-Men' franchise its momentum back
t Surface Pro 3 vs Surface Pro 2 spec by spec
e Mother bear rescues cub from BC highway
b Collegiate athletes can unionize
t HTC One vs Nexus 5 vs Samsung Galaxy S4 – Battery Life, Display, Design  ...
e Here's what the Philadelphia home brewing boom looks like
b Malaysia Releases Satellite Data From Missing Jetliner
t Apple Ditches iPad 2, Drops iPad 4 to $399
b Gas prices on the rise in Massachusetts and nationally
e Emma Watson Is A Dream In White At The Noah London Premiere
b Lafarge, Holcim expect to complete merger in H1 2015
b 3 smart money stocks Buffett would be watching
b Oil Futures Rise, Boosted by Iraq Uncertainty
e No Hazzards as Eric and Jessica say 'I do'
b Q&A: French economist takes grim view of wealth gap
t Tesla Stock Rising on Hopes for Gigafactory, Earnings
t 'Heartbleed' newest bug
m Number of teens exposed to e-cigarette ads quickly rises
e Josh Kaufman crowned champion of The Voice US season six
b Morgan Stanley Sees Attractive Entry Point for Abbott Laboratories
t Starbucks stores to offer wireless charging for smartphones
b Fracking wastewater causes quakes: Study
e Dramatic reason why Kate Winslet called her son Bear Blaze
e Big Brother 16 Eviction Predictions: Week 1
t You Can Now Tag People in Photos on Twitter
e NYC mayor Bill de Blasio to sing 'I Love L.A.' on Jimmy Kimmel's show
e Final trailer and new 'Creatures' featurette for Disney's Maleficent
e Spanish chain removes kids' shirt after outcry over similarities with Holocaust  ...
e Kim K calls police on `stinky` stalker who broke into Kris Jenner's pad
m Progress Made on 'Bionic Pancreas' for Diabetics
t Microsoft bets on Surface Pro 3 as laptop replacement
m FDA Warns Against Hysterectomy Technique That May Spread Cancer
e George Lucas Chooses Chicago for New Art Museum
e Alicia Keys: Pregnant with Second Child - See Her Baby Bump!
e Farley Mowat dead at age 92
e Diva struts stuff for Versace on catwalk
e Movie review: Disneynature doc Bears larger than life
b Alibaba buys into SingPost
e Mila Kunis to men: Stop saying you're pregnant
t T-Mobile accused of cramming bogus charges on customers' phone bills
e The City of Cleveland is a main character in Draft Day movie
e Lindsay Lohan's List Of Sexual Conquests (Photo)
t Tesla, BMW And Nissan Are In Talks To Collaborate On Electric Car Charging  ...
m New Jerseyans paying more than national average for Affordable Care Act plans
t Microsoft Staff Braced For Headcount Cull - Report
b CANADA FX DEBT-C$ at nearly 3-month high after Fed minutes
m Pregnant women more likely to get into car accidents
e Scandal taught ABC to make its shows more diverse
t Abbott urged to ensure Japan abides by International Court's whaling decision
t Samsung thinks this watch could be the future of health
e 'Man of Steel 2' aka 'Batman vs Superman' Updates: Batmobile Photo Teased by  ...
m Unhealthy food taxes vital to fight obesity, UN investigator says
t Amazon's Android free app giveaway
e Joss Whedon Talks 'Avengers 2' Shoot in Seoul (Video)
t NC mom battles Facebook over child photo meant to mimic 'Coppert
t Apple launches entry-level iMac that trades power for lower price
e Michael Jackson: Unheard Album to release soon
t Antarctic winds to accelerate rise in sea levels
b Gas prices ease but remain high for a July Fourth holiday
b Dollar drifts lower; traders watch Fed, ECB
e George Clooney slams reports of family strife in scathing op-ed
t Manuel Noriega Sues Activision Over 'Call of Duty: Black Ops II'
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West officially married after obtaining license in  ...
m New Tool to Fight Paralysis: Spinal Zaps
b Announcement anticipated in bitcoin sale in afternoon-US Marshals Service
m Second Case of MERS Discovered in US
e CNN's Piers Morgan Signs Off With Final Blast …
e Joan Rivers Won't Apologize For Joking About The Cleveland Kidnapping Victims
m At least 59 people dead in Guinea Ebola outbreak
t Hacked eBay account details being sold, but they're almost certainly fake
t Creepy Study Shows Facebook Can Tweak Your Moods Through 'Emotional  ...
b Consumer advocates back Tesla's direct sales in dealer fight
b Leading former Republicans launch report warning climate change 'to cost billions'
m New Ebola Outbreak Emerges in Congo
e A Tolerable Adam Sandler Movie! Blended, Reviewed.
b People With Social Security Debts Get Reprieve
e 'Sabotage' is latest evidence that Arnold needs to re-retire
e Who Got Voted Off The Voice Tonight 4/22/14?
e Dianna Agron stars in new Sam Smith music video
t What FTC lawsuit? T-Mobile US touts 10GB, $100 family-of-4 plan
b GBP/USD bounced back from 1.66, but may attack again
m Vet staff performs rare C-section on gorilla
t Facebook Slingshot
b Rep. Wasserman Schultz Host Health Insurance Sign Up Event In Davie
e Three Giant Corporations Are Now Fighting to Control How You Listen to Music
b US ship arrives in Italy port for Syria weapons
t Could Apple's iPhone 6 be late?
e 10 Movies About Moms You Can Watch With Your Mom On Netflix
e North West's Birthday Party Plans Revealed; Kim Kardashian, Kanye West to  ...
b AT&T Commits Millions For New Online Video Ventures
b Iraq concerns lift top-rated euro zone bonds but Fed limits gains
b New Jobless Claims Plunge to 300K, Much Better Than Forecast
m Weight of the world: 2.1b are overweight
e Gary Oldman defends Mel Gibson's anti-semitic rant
e 5 quotes from the CS Lewis biopic directed by Richard Attenborough
e KimYe Vogue cover out sells Beyonce and Michelle Obama covers
e Jennifer Lawrence Covers Marie Claire, Says Tripping Incident on Oscars Red  ...
t Akamai admits its OpenSSL patch was faulty, reissues keys
b Huge Punitive Damages Award in Actos Bellwether Trial
b Stable Gasoline Prices Likely for US Memorial Day Weekend
b American Airlines says storms caused Feb. flight cancelations to more than  ...
t Ford to Fix 692K Vehicles
b Target asking customers to leave guns at home
b Borrowers told they must immediately repay student loans in full if relative who  ...
e New 'Mockingjay' Teaser: President Snow Adresses Panem With A Kidnapped  ...
t Microsoft releases source code for early MS-DOS, Word for Windows
t HTC One M8 vs. HTC One M7 features, specs review, and comparison
t 2008 - 2011 Mercedes-Benz C-Class Recalled For Taillight Flaw & Fire Hazard
m US childhood obesity rates high since 1999
t Finding life beyond Earth is within reach: NASA
e 'Godfather" D.P. Gordon Willis, Hollywood's Prince of Darkness, dies at 82
b Cottage Cheese Recall
b 1ST LEAD Vatican bank profits plummet ahead of leadership shake-up By Alvise  ...
e Jamie Lynn Spears Marries James Watson in New Orleans!
t Windows 8.1 Update 2 rumored for September 9 launch
b WATCH: US politician nearly gets hit by a train..during press conference on rail  ...
t Leaving with your handset held high
b Wall Steet flat after selloff, but Nasdaq continues to fall
e After Once, It's Time to Begin Again
e 'True Blood' Season 7, episode 2 recap: 'I Found You' has an Eric surprise
t 13-inch iPad 'Pro' is incoming: Q1 release date
b USD/JPY near 102 after Japan Current Account Data
b More agony for British families of MH17 victims as black box data emerges
e Religion briefs
b Walmart gets back into buying and selling used video games
t Emojis will get more diverse, Apple promises
t Google buys Titan Aerospace, maker of atmospheric satellites
m First West Nile Virus Case of 2014 Reported
e Justin Bieber is Kind of a Racist Brat
t Ham radio field day coming to Cleveland June 28-29
t Samsung Scores Another First With Broadband LTE-A Smartphone
e Conscious Uncoupling: Oh, Gwyneth
b Inflation falls for sixth month in a row
e Mean-tweeters love when celebrities read their mean tweets on 'Jimmy Kimmel'
b Time to Stop the War on Inequality
b Sbarro Pizza Chain Files for Chapter 11 Bankruptcy ... Again
e Miley Cyrus Flashes Nipple As She Rips Off Shirt In Saucy New Clip (WATCH)
m First West Nile case of 2014 confirmed in Iowa
m Measles outbreak spreads to Kitsap County, passengers on ferry Tacoma to  ...
b Markets lookahead: Traders to seek guidance from US Fed speech
b It Might Be A Little Difficult To Get A Big Mac Next Week
b Fed Continues $10B Taper; Downplays Falling Unemployment Rate
e Kurt Cobain's daughter warns Lana Del Rey about romanticizing death
b Panera to remove artificial ingredients by 2016
e Kanye West requests for Kim
b Thomas Piketty's real challenge was to the FT's Rolex types
e Lea Michele: 'Cory Monteith Helped me With Book'
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Premium Model Potentially Listed On Indian Import/Export  ...
e The Sentinels Attack in This Opening Battle from 'X-Men: Days of Future Past  ...
t Russia abruptly aborts launch of new-generation rocket (Update)
t GM recalls Cameros with ignition issues
t Chinese officials visit Microsoft offices
e LIFF review: The Fault in Our Stars
t Watch Google's Self-Driving Car in Action. Would You Let It Steer for You?
t Google Glass to Hit Market for $1500 each; Available to Adults for One Day Only  ...
b What's Next Step in Wal-Mart's Small-Format Rollout Strategy?
t Office coming to iPad, finally: Microsoft to unveil apps next week, reports say
t FTC seeks hundreds of millions from T-Mobile for cramming
e Watch Ellar Coltrane grow up in Richard Linklater's 12-year epic Boyhood
e Don't Tell Linkin Park: Watch two blokes from One Direction smoke some weed
e Andy Warhol works discovered: Unknown doodles and photo manipulations  ...
m Afrezza inhalable insulin gets FDA nod
b China and Russia agree gas deal
t AT&T Among First To Bring Samsung Galaxy Tab?? S With 4G LTE To The US
b Johnson Controls posts 3 percent rise in third-quarter profit
e Stephen Colbert Doesn't Envy Dave's Replacement
b Train Reading: An Easy Short Here
e American Idol: Jennifer Lopez calls Caleb Johnson 'sexy'
e Rumor: Disney Might Hand Off 'Indiana Jones' to a New Actor, 007-Style
m Senators make an example of Dr. Oz during hearing on fake diet products
e Selena Gomez Has Justin Bieber Fever But An Intervention Isn't Necessary
t NASA to Conduct Test Flight of Rocket Powered Flying Saucer
t Verizon's Galaxy S5 Pre-Order Is Now Available - $249.99 With A Two-Year  ...
m Health Canada approves Biogen Idec's long-acting Alprolix hemophilia B
e Chris Brown admits he is guilty
b Three oil game changers?
b SEC Sues 'Bitcoin-Related' Web Vendor
b US economic policies an 'unmitigated disaster': Analyst
e Selena Gomez Fires Parents Acting As Managers
m Dr. Manny: Smallpox discovery should trigger congressional investigation
t Ford recalls 600K SUVs for a pair of potential safety problems
t Colin Pillinger, scientist behind Beagle 2 Mars probe, dies at 70
b Earnings up, revenue down at Capital One
t Eyefi Wireless Card Now Uploads to the Cloud, Via Your Smartphone
m Heart attacks, strokes down sharply among diabetics
e Agents Of S.H.I.E.L.D. Gets Renewed For Season 2, Agent Carter Gets The  ...
e Shailene Woodley: 10 things we love about the star
b Turkey prosecutor: 3 face charges in mine disaster
e Superior Spider-Man #30: Truths Laid Bare
b Alibaba files for public share sale
b FX Update: Will the USD make a stand as Yellen takes the stand?
e 'The Bachelorette' 2014: Spoilers for the overnight dates for Andi Dorfman
e UPDATE 2-Gabriel Garcia Marquez, master of magical realism, dies at 87
m Ebola crisis: Virus could hit 20000 before it's over, says WHO
e Amazing Spider-Man 2 Mobile Game: First Look Trailer
m Free Skin Cancer Screenings on May 13th
b Stocks Close Down
e Miley Cyrus - Miley Cyrus performs in 'undies'
e New Movies Mar. 21-23: 'Divergent' and 'Muppets' Storm Theaters
t T-Mobile's Major UnCarrier 5.0 Changes May Have Just Been Revealed
m Poor Sleeping Patterns In Children a Result of Too Much TV
t Mom facing lifetime ban after Facebook deems photo of daughter ' - KCTV5
b Icahn, Ackman call end to feud
m Public education of Lyme disease focus of legislation, Pickett says
e Miley Cyrus gets a bizarre sad cat tattoo inked on the inside of her lip
e 'Gotham' Trailer: What We Learned From First Glimpse Into World Before Batman
t General Motors recalls about 60000 Saturn Auras to fix cable problem linked to  ...
m Britain's young women are the most overweight in Europe
t Google Docs, Sheets go solo; now available as standalone app on Android and  ...
m Lining pockets?: 'Lethargic' approach blamed for spread of polio
e 'Game of Thrones' Recap: Tyrion Lannister Puts Fate in His Own Hands
t LG G2 Review
e 5 Seconds Of Summer Debut At #1, Announce 2015 Tour
t Google Glass Diane von Furstenberg DVF Frames Now Available For $1800
e Justin Bieber Asks SOMEONE 'Don't You Know Me Anymore'
b Client Balances at Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Near Merrill Lynch
t UPDATE 3-GM recalls half million Camaros, safety crisis deepens
m WHO: Spread of polio a global emergency
b IKEA US to adopt new minimum hourly wage structure for their US retail co  ...
b Twitter chief operating officer Ali Rowghani has resigned
e Autopsy to be performed on Detroit's Cinco de Mayo parade victim
b US auto sales set to rev up
t Smartphone industry embraces anti-theft measures, but some lawmakers say it's  ...
e Weird Al spoofs Robin Thicke's "Blurred Lines" with "Word Crimes"
e Star Spangled Banner On Display
t Motorola reportedly planning on launching a 6-inch phablet later this year
m Health Department encouraging people 13-64 to get HIV testing
e Frankie Knuckles, Dance Music Legend, Dead at 59
m Inexpensive Food A Key Factor In Obesity Epidemic
b Are You Sure You Know How Much You'll Need for Retirement?
b State unemployment rate holds steady at 5.7%
b Debate Forum: 03/25
b Dr Dre and Jimmy Lovine join Apple as $3bn Beats acquisition is agreed
b Wage gap exists among women too: Females of color far behind their white peers
e US radio deejay, 'Shaggy' voice Casey Kasem dead at 82
e Michael Egan, Bryan Singer Accuser Files Three More Sexual Assault Lawsuits
e Analysing Floyd Mayweather's Best Options for Next Fight
m UK launches large-scale study into mobile risk to kids
e Oprah reduces Pharrell to "Happy" tears
t NASA approves Space Launch System, the most powerful rocket ever, for deep  ...
m Skin Cells Soon Will Treat Alzheimer's and Parkinson's Patients
e Kimye PDA: The Couple's Cutest Moments
b News In Brief
e Rolling Stones reschedule Australia, New Zealand tour dates
t Clarity on Who Will Actually Benefit from the Surface Pro 3
e Nas at Tribeca: 20 Years of 'Illmatic,' Minus Homophobia
b Oracle Inks $5.3B deal for Micros
t Drone Maker Titan Aerospace Is Joining Google (GOOGL): Report
b Burger King to Acquire Tim Hortons and Create $18B Fast Food Powerhouse
e Pippa Middleton Makes Surprising Comments About Prince George (VIDEO)
b Gold prices slip ahead of Fed meeting
b Debt talks fail, Argentina slides into default
e Are Emma Stone + Andrew Garfield The Cutest Celeb Couple Of All Time?
b BlackBerry Ltd.: A Turnaround In The Works?
b Winter wheat harvest projection lowered
e Caesar in the first clip from "Dawn of the Planet of the Apes." Photo Credit  ...
t Apple launches 'cheaper' 8GB iPhone 5C
b BMW to invest US$1b to expand US production by 50pc
e Miley Cyrus plays London after canceled tour dates
b Fiat leaving Italy amid Chrysler merger's global aspirations
e The Flaming Lips and Miley Cyrus Played "Yoshimi" Together Again, Got Pelted  ...
e Jack White unveils second solo album details
b Greek coalition eyes exit from crisis after issuing bond
e Reclusive German collector's death sparks questions about Nazi-looted art
b McDonald's Workers Strike Worldwide: US Fast-Food Workers Demand $15 an  ...
e Khloé Kardashian - Khloé Kardashian refusing to speak to Lamar Odom
e Lost Picasso found under earlier work
t 'Rock solid' find: Astronomers spot most Earth-like planet yet
b BlackRock reshuffle to blood next-gen leaders
e 15 Wholesome gift ideas for mom
e Webby Awards broaden scope for best of the internet
t Microsoft hopes Surface Pro 3 tablet is fast-acting remedy
t Verizon: in 2014, US government made 150K requests for customer data
m What Losing 172 Pounds Really Looks Like
b Labor market in decent shape
e Jessica Simpson Marries Eric Johnson - Get the Wedding Scoop!
e TV: 'Thrones' recap: Episode 2 and wedding bells are ringing
b Texas power company Energy Future files for bankruptcy
t Video: YouTube buying game streaming startup Twitch for US $1 billion
e Captain America sequel earns $96.2M in weekend debut
t Some in Arizona town plan to block immigrants
b Consumer Confidence in US Rises to a Six-Year High
m Guinea Ebola death toll rises
e Kim and Kanye -- Getting Hitched THIS WEEK
e Woman Films Her Own Abortion To Show World How 'Cool' It Is
e Good news should be given, heard more often
b Brainard, Powell Confirmed for Fed; Fischer as Vice Chairman
t Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 vs Google Nexus 7 - Top Specs and Price Comparison
e SHE'S BEAUTIFUL: Lupita Nyong'o is named the 2014 most beautiful person in  ...
b Nearly 2M Homeowners "Above Water" on Mortgages
m Sweet Makers Work to Keep Names off E-Cigarettes
b Market Basket Food Fight
e Ryan Gosling Hated Rachel McAdams On The Notebook Set—Wanted Her Fired!
e Royal Engagement Coming Up For Prince Harry and Cressida Bonas?
b US stocks fall after weak JPMorgan earnings
e Christie on Fallon: Clinton matchup, and the 'Evolution of Dad Dancing' [video]
t Keep an eye out for your pals with Facebook's new Nearby Friends feature
e Coldplay - 'Magic'
e The Most Powerful Weapon in the Marvel Cinematic Universe
t Dropbox brings Mailbox to Android, launches Carousel
e PR Lessons From That Infamous Elevator Video: Keep Your Cool. You're Always  ...
e Ann B. Davis Dead At 88; What Happened To Alice From 'The Brady Bunch'?
e Megan Fox (the real one) joins Instagram
b International markets roundup
m Uganda tightens Ebola surveillance measures
t Top 5 iOS games we'd strap a VR headset on to play
e Andi Dorfman Pregnant After 'Fantasy Suite' Sex?!
t 10 Things to Know for Tuesday
m Health Alert: Fruits and Veggies May Decrease Stroke Risk
b Report: Apple Is Very Close To Acquiring Beats Electronics For $3.2 Billion
t The Most Important Features In Samsung's New Galaxy Tablet
b BNP Seeks Approval to Continue US Pension Business
t Business update: GM recalls challenge company, frustrate customers
t June 13 Premarket Briefing: 10 Things You Should Know
e Kourtney Kardashian is expecting
e WATCH: Hilary Duff Releases 'Chasing The Sun' Single & Video
b Michaels craft stores confirm security breach
m Health officials warn of dangerous mosquito-borne illness
e Beyonce and Jay Z's Divorce Update: Rapper Again Cheating with Unknown  ...
t 'Supersonic submarine' is the future
t There is a planet called Biden, Yes, really.
t SpaceX Delays Dragon Cargo Ship Launch Due to Rocket Helium Leak
m Low-Dose Aspirin to Prevent Preeclampsia Recommended
t Google Unveils New Self-Driving Car
b Progress on the jobs front
e Miley Cyrus' tour bus bursts into flames ahead of Bangerz New Orleans gig  ...
b Dow Movers: CAT, HD
e Dragon sequel has no hiccups
t Google kills fake anti-virus app that hit No. 1 on Play charts
b Camera maker GoPro files IPO plan
e AP source: Designer L'Wren Scott, Mick Jagger's girlfriend, found dead
b Time is running out to enroll for health insurance without penalties
b Stocks Close Mostly Higher
b BHP Billiton weighs $20-bn non-core assets spin-off
e Jack Bauer gets the hoop and the harm with the new 24
b Intel Stock Rating Upgraded by Roth Capital (INTC)
e Former Survivor contestant dies after train derails
t Study: Dinosaurs Were Lukewarm-Blooded
t Apple Weekly News Roundup: Dr. Dre, iHealth and More
m Man among 1st in U.S. to get 'bionic eye'
t Samsung Galaxy Ace Style – Top 2014 Cheap Smartphone
t Latest Apple vs Samsung U.S. trial set to start; Google in background
e 'Game of Thrones' fourth season finale, 'The Children,' recap: Valar morghulis
b Customers not scared off by GM recall
m High West Nile Virus Activity Prompts Spraying in Sacramento County
t Russian hacker claims to have written Zeus malware
b EURUSD: Germany Losing Pace to the Periphery
m Hard Evidence We Can Slow Alzheimer's By Exercising The Body And The Mind
b Idaho Settles With Mortgage Company Over Abuse
e Elisabeth Hasselbeck Reacts to Former Co-host Rosie O'Donnell's Return to  ...
b Supreme Court Broadly Upholds Obama's Effort to Cut Greenhouse Gases
b NBCUniversal Cable Entertainment Reaches Multi-Year Deal with WWE (WWE  ...
b EUR/USD: Euro-Zone Consumer Inflation Rate Dropped To The Lowest Level  ...
b FTC goes after 'Jerk.com'
t Japan Display to Reportedly Start New Apple (AAPL) iPhone Screen Production  ...
e Disneyland hikes ticket prices again
e Claire Holt Shockingly Exits 'The Originals' as Series Regular!
m Electronic cigarettes: Kids won't be allowed to buy them, but full impact of new  ...
e Robin Thicke Announces Album Title...Paula
e Review: Matt Bomer, Mark Ruffalo shine in 'Normal Heart'
e Nick Cannon slams ex Kim Kardashian following whiteface controversy
t Does Android crush iOS when it comes to usability? The answer may lie in a  ...
t Water Rich Gem 'Ringwoodite' Offers Clues to Vast Oceans Beneath the Earth's  ...
e X-Men Director Accused of Drugging, Raping Teenage Boy
b Nokia CEO Suri: Open to acquisitions, but in no rush
e Deliver Us From Evil: Interview with Scott Derrickson & ex-NYPD officer and  ...
e Former GMA Anchor Joan Lunden Reveals She Has Breast Cancer
e St. Petersburg Governor Tips Ice Bucket Over Head in Charity Challenge (Video)
t Apple iPhone 5s Remains Best-Selling Smartphone In US While iPhone 6  ...
t Irreversible damage from climate change seen in leaked UN paper
b Dmitry Rybolovlev ordered to pay record £2.6 billion to ex-wife Elena
b General Electric: This Could Get Complicated
b General Motors posts its best July sales since 2007
e German tabloid Bild publishes picture of Kate Middleton's bum
e SEE PIC: Lindsay Lohan on the set of 2 Broke Girls 11:15AM
t Google Searches for Space in NYC's Soho for Retail Store
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Mini vs. HTC One Mini 2: Specs, Price and Release Date
e Man Stuck Overnight in Las Vegas Airport Shoots Epic Music Video
t Amazon Debuts Amazon Fire Phone
t Windows Phone 8.1 Release Date, Update: Cortana Digital Assistant Coming  ...
t RHEL 7 roadmap reveals Linux container advancements, Docker integration
t 'Cosmic Inflation' Discovery Lends Key Support For Theory Of Expanding Early  ...
b Fed kicks off policy meeting with eye on normalization
t Amazon introduces its first smartphone
e 'The November Man' Review
t HTC Unveils New HTC One Smartphone
e It's star guffaws! From a hero obsessed with 80s pop to a raccoon with a machine  ...
b UK inflation drops to lowest level since 2009
b Amazon is already working on eighth-generation Prime Air delivery drone
b 4 Reasons Darden Is Selling Red Lobster
b Dubai plans to build world's biggest mall
e Star Wars Spin-Off Hires Godzilla's UK Director
b Procter & Gamble's Dividend Increase
m CDC: More Can Be Done to Fight Hospital Infections
e James Franco tells Letterman sexy Instagram pics are 'what the people want'
t Google Glass users gain five new Glassware apps
t Sixth-grader's research shows government how to save $400m on printing
b Rev. Jesse Jackson Targets Silicon Valley's Lack of Diversity
e Selena Gomez Using Justin Bieber for a Career Boost? Biebs Willingly Records  ...
t Razer Confirms Android TV Micro-Console for Fall 2014 - Update
t Albemarle police joining Click It or Ticket campaign
e Tracy Morgan now in fair condition after crash [video]
e Insane Clown Posse Can't Sue Government Over FBI Gang Report, Judge Rules
e Home WhatsOn 'Planet of the Apes' thumps chest with $73M debut
b Pinterest raises US$200m in latest funding round – now valued at US$5bn
e Silly rabbit
e Outkast's Coachella Comeback: Rap Duo Returns With Important, Imperfect  ...
m Booming e-cigarette market largely unregulated, studies say
e Brown in many hues
e Watch Billy Joel and Jimmy Fallon sing doo-wop on 'Tonight Show'
e Are Kendra Wilkinson and Hank Baskett Having Marital Problems?
e 'The Voice' Season 6 (2014) Week 2 Live Shows Elimination Episode Spoilers  ...
e Columbus Short's Wife Files for Divorce, Claims Death Threats
e Bob Dylan's 'Like a Rolling Stone' lyrics sell for $2M
m Report: Bacteria on planes can live a week or longer
e Hilary Duff Opens Up About Mike Comrie: "Maybe We're Not Meant To Be  ...
t Apple to purchase Beats in a $3.2 billion acquisition. Expect bass-heavy  ...
t Microsoft designed the Surface Pro 3 pen for greater accuracy
b Wal-Mart Wages War on Visa Card over Swipe Fees
t Facebook suffers downtime
b McDonald's offers free coffee
t Microsoft targets $50bn device market following Nokia acquisition
b Twitter Revenue, Spending, Users All Up, Stock Down
t Apple and IBM join forces to take over the workplace
b Summit County Applauds State for Tackling Health Insurance Costs in Mountain  ...
b Why Netflix Is Speaking Out Against Comcast-TWC
t Cost of fighting global warming is 'modest,' says UN panel
m ABC News honors Mr. Awesome
e 'Girl' Star Allison Williams To Play Peter Pan In Upcoming 'Peter Pan Live  ...
m Japanese government asks lab to look into STAP call study error
b Mulberry boss Guillon quits after January profit warning
b Google Unveils Solar Panel Lease Plan for Homeowners
m Ebola outbreak forces African airline flight cuts
t Domino's Pizza France and Belgium has been hacked
b Target CEO Steinhafel Resigns, Replaced by CFO Mulligan
e Rap Genius co-founder resigns over insensitive comments on California mass  ...
e Massive copyright lawsuit against Kim Dotcom
e When Channing Tatum Saved Mila Kunis' Life During 'Jupiter Ascending' Shoot
e Jason Momoa Is Aquaman! But What Do We Know About The DC Superhero?
b General Motors Recall 2014: GM Recalls Another 1.5 Million Vehicle Models For  ...
b Nissan Motor (NSANY) Q1 2014 Results - Earnings Call Transcript (NSANY)
m West Africa Ebola death toll hits 603
e MOVIE REVIEW: The Grand Budapest Hotel
e 'Game Of Thrones': All The Biggest Moments On 'Breaker Of Chains'
b Many needed help to sign up for Covered California
t LG Launches New G3 Smartphone
e Miley Cyrus gets restraining order
e Justin Bieber apologises for Japan war shrine trip
e Clooney's new fiancée is 'utterly wonderful'
b WATCH: Water main break near UCLA, floods parts of campus; 5 people rescued
m Sierra Leone News: “Ebola is real”- Pres. Koroma
b State's pot shops scramble as first day of legal sales approaches
t One Week from Memorial Day, Gas Prices Fall
e Why Was Avril Lavigne's 'Hello Kitty' Video Yanked From YouTube?
t Special edition 60-Second Know-It-All: Apollo 11's science experiment is still  ...
b BOJ keeps monetary policy steady, trims economic forecast
b Bank of England's Paul Fisher: 'It's not our job to go hunting for market wrongdoing'
e New Doctor Who trailer hints at Daleks' return
t Lenovo's major IBM, Motorola deals move closer
t Iceland Lowers Volcanic Air Traffic Alert to Orange
m Disorganized cortical patches suggest prenatal origin of autism
t Nancy's Almanac, June 13, 2014: Tonight has a 'honey' of a moon
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West Share Intimate Wedding Photo
e 'Orphan Black' Declassified: Dylan Bruce on Paul's Mysterious Agenda, 'Kinky  ...
e Seems like old times at Emmys as 'Breaking Bad,' 'Modern Family' both score big
t Panama Dictator Manuel Noriega Sues Over 'Call Of Duty' Likeness Because It  ...
m Artificial vaginas successfully implanted on 4 girls
t Chromecast is now available in the UK for £30, BBC iPlayer support included
e 'Game of Thrones' recap: Nice day for a Purple Wedding
b Espirito Santo Bank turns profit, but parent loses billions
b Barnes & Noble to separate e-reader and retail businesses
b 29 of 30 US Big Banks Pass Stress Tests
t Report: Google+ will fade into the background, become a social foundation  ...
b Mountain Dew pulls controversial ingredient
b US Existing Home Sales Rebound
e Kate Winslet Wows At Hollywood Walk Of Fame Ceremony
t Google Inc (GOOGL) Scratching Its Head Over Apple Inc (AAPL) – International  ...
e Kim Kardashian fans storm Twitter with thoughts on her wedding dress as first  ...
b European Central Bank under fire for economy
b Auto sales reach record
b AT&T in talks to buy DirectTV for $50-billion: source
e Get Happy! Pharrell Williams to Join 'The Voice' as New Coach
e Epic proposal video takes 4 years and trips to 26 countries to make
e Even If You Think You've Let Frozen Go, Seeing The Characters Sing Backstreet  ...
m Study Supports Detrimental Effects Of Television Viewing On Young Childrens  ...
b Gas Prices Drop 1.3 Cents In Chattanooga
b French satellite shows possible debris from jetliner
e St. Patrick's parties will have you seeing green all weekend: The Cocktail Hour
t Can I update my jailbroken iPhone to iOS 7.1?
e Has Lady Gaga run out of wardrobe ideas?
t Sony sounds alarm over VAIO battery fire risk
b Iraqi fears hit European shares but German bond yields fall
b Gold Prices Rise as Eurozone Central Banks Revise Sales Agreement  ...
b US Oil Falls More Than $1 On Expected Inventory Build
t Will reported new net neutrality proposal be re-daft or a redraft?
e Stars mobilise for abducted Nigeria girls on Cannes red carpet
m Elderly population in US expected to double by 2050
b US Patent Office cancels Washington Redskins trademarks saying the nickname  ...
t Windows XP is permanently vulnerable to the newest Internet Explorer zero-day  ...
b Futures Pointing To Modestly Higher Open On Wall Street
e 'Earth to Echo': Wrong number
m WHO Declares Health Emergency on Polio
e Miami City Officials Outraged, Threaten to End Ultra Music Festival
e Police say Michael Jace told 911 operator he shot his wife
m New research points to Alzheimer's early detection blood test
b China and Japan can't stop fighting World War II
t Psychological experiment was 'terribly communicated', says Facebook's chief  ...
t Chicago has nation's most expensive gas
b Tesla a top stock pick for rest of 2014: Analyst
b Gold prices to move lower: Emkay
t IDC to PC industry: Don't let your hopes run wild just yet
b JC Penney quarterly sales rise 6.3 pct, shares surge
b Adobe releases new Creative Cloud Photography Plan
e 'Dancing' brings out emotion
b Citi given $7B bill in subprime probe
e 'Once Upon A Time In Wonderland' Officially …
e Can you guess which actress is People magazine's Most Beautiful celebrity?
t Why Oculus VR Investor Is Bullish On Facebook Shares
e Thailand tourists party hard despite military coup
b Amazon says dispute with publisher Hachette is just business as usual
b Bank of America Corp.'s share price down, posts a 276-million-dollar first-quarter  ...
b Malaysia plane: Chief to consider resignation 'later'
e Mad Men recap: What's the Frequency, Ginsberg?
t AT&T adds 200K U-verse video subs in Q1
t T-Mobile CEO John Legere makes case for wireless merger
e Righteously Insane
t Of Interest: June 24, 2014
b UPDATE 1-Johnson Controls revenue rises on higher demand from China
t Ford To Display Mustang On Empire State Building, Echo 1964 Stunt
e Heidi Klum Teaches Jimmy Fallon How Roll Around German Style [VIDEO]
e How much money will Captain America: The Winter Soldier make this weekend?
b Valeant Bid for Allergan Would be Biggest Canada Deal
m Researchers Find Link between Autism and Environmental Toxins
m 70% of Mastectomies Aren't Necessary. Here's Why Women Have Them Anyway
t Recalls continue for US automakers
e Thank God It's April Fool's
m UA Study on Pot and PTSD Could Impact...
t Facebook's Sandberg Says Declined to Limit Google Hiring
t Ford Drops Fuel Economy Ratings for 6 Vehicles
b AstraZeneca share price: Pfizer steps up takeover campaign
b Markets brace for shocks as US examines 'all options' for Iraq
b Why are oil prices rising?
e Majesty Rose York: Her American Idol 2014 Journey [VIDEO]
b Amazon buys comic book publishers
t Facebook Makes It Clear Users Are Playthings
m WHO: comprehensive inter-country response needed to tackle Ebola outbreak
b GBP/USD: UK Consumer Inflation Fell To The Lowest Level Since October 2009  ...
b Another Big Win For Obamacare
e Keith Richards to publish a children's picture book
t India teen tells US how to save USD 400 mn by changing font
e Toby Kebbell set to play Doctor Doom in...
t Nasa 'flying saucer' hoped to deliver astronauts to Mars splashes back down to  ...
b Obama Touts Ending Gender Gap, Pays Women 88 Cents to the Dollar
b Federal Judge Approves SAC's $1.8B Settlement With DOJ
e DCCU: Could Batman v Superman Introduce THIS Robin Plan?
t Comcast And TWC Voted Most-hated ISPs In America's Most-hated Industry
m Chronicle AM--March 31, 2014
b MAS to be fully government owned | Bangkok Post: news
t 2.4bn connected devices will ship in 2014, says Gartner
e 5 OMG-Worthy Moments During The 2014 MTV VMA!
t 9 arrested in anti - mining protests in Dechen County
t Facebook's creepy experiment
t Apple's biggest-ever buy: Beats headphones for $3.2 billion ?
e Axed by NBC, "Community" gets another chance online
e Jay Z and Beyoncé rope in superstar pals for fake movie trailer
t YouTube acquiring Twitch - report
t Microsoft finally releases Office for iPad
m India is polio-free after 3 years with no new case
m Johnson & Johnson recalls power morcellators
m New Ebola deaths in West Africa
e 5 Ways Robin Thicke Aims to Get 'Paula' Back
b Tweaks to Bitcoin Planned After Warnings of Attack
b No faking: Royal Mint unveils 12-sided pound coin in a bid to prevent fraud
e NFL Wants M.I.A. to Pay $16.6 Million for That Middle-Finger Super Bowl Salute
e Tweet #Eastermeans, says Church of England
b Russia regrets UN resolution on Ukraine
t OKCupid, Facebook show we are just signed-up lab rats for their Internet  ...
t Zynga finally goes mobile with "FarmVille 2: Country Escape"
b How Burger King's Brilliant Brazilian Billionaire Turned $1.2B Into $22B
m Antioxidant in red wine has no benefit at low doses
m New study suggests teens more likely to smoke electronic cigarettes due to  ...
m Laboratory in Japan weighs retraction of stem cell paper
m Guideline: Many can skip pelvic exam
e Will Your Favourite Michael Jackson Song Be #1?
b Traffic Signal To Go Up Near New Whole Foods Market In Fayetteville
e Corvette museum decides to keep sinkhole
t Google Wallet Gets Some New Features
t Lexington Will Not Be Served by Time Warner/Comcast After Merger
b Benzene in China city water cuts supply partially
b Euro uptrend bullish amid ECB easing expectations
t FIFA World Cup 2014: Astronauts Play Zero Gravity Soccer, Cheer Teams from  ...
b GLOBAL MARKETS-European shares rally, euro slides on ECB stimulus bet
t Xiaomi readies to conquer the world of Apple, Samsung with a 'mysterious  ...
e The Good Wife Season 5 Spoilers: Why Will Gardner Was Killed, Josh Charles's  ...
m Maker Of Four Loko Alcoholic Drinks To Stop Promoting To Underage Drinkers  ...
b Scania Board Committee Advises Minority Owners to Refuse Volkswagen's Offer
e Let's Talk About 'Transformers 4' - And What's Really Up With the Dinobots
t Amazon to pay $1.2 billion for gaming site Twitch: Report
e Jack White Sets Record For World's Fastest Record [Video]
e Jada Pinkett Smith: I ditched romance rules
b UK inflation falls to lowest since October 2009
t This Former Dictator Is Suing the 'Call of Duty' Makers
m Second Probe Details More CDC Anthrax Problems
e Coachella festival overtaken by marketing
b Why General Electric (GE) Stock Is Down Today
t PlayStation Network Back Up Following Cyber Attack
e Khloe and Kim Kardashian -- My Ass, Her Boob ... LET'S PARTY!
e Tina Fey knocks out Dax Shepard in 'This Is Where I Leave You'
e Zac Efron Shirtless, Giant Gummy Bears, & The Craziness Of The MTV Movie  ...
t The FCC's New Net Neutrality Rules Will Be the Opposite of Net Neutrality  ...
t Ford Takes Its Turn as 434000 Cars and SUVs Recalled
t Honda Makes Acura Stand-Alone Division to Boost Luxury Lineup
m 3D Mammography Finds More Invasive Cancers and Reduces Unnecessary  ...
e Several Indicted on Criminal Charges Involving 'Midnight Rider' Death
b Thailand auto sales seen falling 31 percent this year - Toyota
e Bryan Singer Lawsuit Update: Second Alleged Victim Names 'X-Men' Director  ...
b REPORT: NEARLY 5600 CLEAN ENERGY JOBS ANNOUNCED IN FIRST  ...
b Bitcoin Exchange Mt. Gox Hit by 150000 DDoS Attacks Per Second Before  ...
e High school musical award winners announced
t Kotaku 'Shop Contest: Let's Mario Kart Everywhere
t Supermoon Saturday – See The Pics!
e Dr. Oz: Lea Michele's sugar-free diet, slimming drink, weight loss breakfast
e Jagger tribute to lover L'Wren new
e Why are we so confounded by Gwyneth Paltrow's 'conscious uncoupling?'
b Stocks to Watch: Bridgepoint Education, Hillshire Brands, Pinnacle Foods
b A Redskins Name Change Not Legally Required, Despite Trademark Ruling
b Wall Street opens flat with indexes near records
b Taiwan's HTC Q2 profit T$2.26 bln, slightly above estimates
e WWII Hero Who Survived 47 Days on Raft Dead at 97
b McDonald's Is Fairly Valued Around $95 (MCD)
b Another GM recall: 1.18M SUVs for air bag issue - WNCN: News, Weather for  ...
e Justin Bieber taunts Orlando Bloom
t Verizon Boosting 4G LTE Network In Bedford
b More vigorous US economy appears to be emerging, experts say
m Air pollution kills 7 million people: UN
t Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg: Gender Equality in the Office is a Myth
b Current Mortgage Rates at HSBC, Citizens Bank Mar 22
b Ask Matt: Which stocks does Buffett really own?
e Jay Z Cheating on Beyonce Rumors 2014: R&B Diva Sparks Rapper's Cheating  ...
b Alitalia, Etihad announce agreement in principle
e Kate O'Mara, 74, British actress was in 'Dynasty'
b Ronald McDonald's Millennial Makeover Includes Selfies, Cargo Pants
e What Kanye West Teaches Men About Dressing for the Occasion
b Eurozone GDP And Composite PMI On Tap For Wednesday
t Google designs self-driving car
e Tristan & Sasha Hemsworth: Chris Hemsworth & Elsa Pataky's Twin Boys - See  ...
t EBay urges users to change passwords after cyber-attack comes to light
m Health Matters: What's in your cereal?
b Amazon CEO provides update on drone delivery and more
t Austin MotoGP, COTA - Free Practice (2) Results
t Apple Offers iOS 8 SDK To Developers; Features HealthKit & HomeKit  ...
e Diane Sawyer stepping down from ABC's 'World News' to be replaced by David  ...
e 'KUWTK': Khloe Kardashian Needs Sperm Donor…
e Noah Is Insane, in a Good Way
b Inflation falls to new low but London house prices soar by 13 per cent
b US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-S&P 500 ends at record high; housing, HP help
e Justin Bieber Blames Failed Sobriety Test In Florida On His Foot
b China evacuates workers after Vietnam deadly riots
m Indonesian Dies of MERS in Saudi Arabia
e Beyonce and Jay Z tour coming to Baltimore
m One in 25 patients has an infection acquired during hospital stay, CDC says
t Massive breakthrough: The moment when the universe came into being  ...
m Too Much Salty Food Speeds Up Cellular Ageing in Overweight and Obese  ...
b Marissa Mayer At Disrupt NY: Yahoo CEO Talks Strategy, Not Alibaba
e Russell Crowe tells of his love for Pembrokeshire at premiere
t Nasa supplies to launch despite critical outage at International Space Station
e Paul Walker Will Appear in 'Fast and Furious 7' With Help of CGI
t Earth has a secret reservoir of water, scientists say
b Alcoa buys Firth Rixson for US$2.85B
e HBO Shows On Amazon Prime Go Live
e No evidence of drugs found in home where Peaches Geldof was found dead
t Samsung Galaxy Alpha with Metal Build to be Unveiled on 13 August
m Less booze, more text for American teens: study
e Melissa McCarthy Reveals How She Lost a $9000 Wig
t Dragon supply capsule reaches the orbiting ISS
e Adieu, Cannes
b Nigeria overtakes South Africa to become Africa's largest economy
e Remembering Michael Jackson: 5 Years Later
b Data storage firm Box files for IPO of about $250 million
t Delta 2 rocket poised to launch NASA carbon-hunting telescope
b Prodan: Price for Russian gas could stand at $368.5
e TV Tonight: Halle Berry in 'Extant'; and 'The Bridge' Season 2 premieres
t Pinterest hack adding photos of rear ends to your boards
m Sierra Leone 'hero' doctor's death exposes slow Ebola response
e Chewbacca Returning for Star Wars Episode VII!
e Song written by Harry Styles set to appear on new Ariana Grande album 'My  ...
e 'Mary' festival offers a Garth Brooks alternative
b Sunday newspaper round-up: AstraZeneca, Ukraine, Tax cuts
b Citi profits plunge after $7bn mortgage settlement
b Auto Sales Bounce Back in March After Lackluster Winter
e 'Guardians Of The Galaxy 2' release date finalised
e 'True Blood' Season 7 Spoilers: 'There's No One Left,' Trailer Reveals Shockers
m Portland boil water alert: Thousands of Tigard-area water customers impacted
b FTC Report Shows Data Brokers Collect and Store Billions of Data Elements  ...
b Kraft Foods issues recall for 96000 pounds of Oscar Mayer Classic Wieners
e Anna Kendrick is the Epitome of Hollywood Glamour at Met Ball 2014
t Iphone 6 Release Date For Canada Could be September 9th
b BSkyB plots acquisition spree to transform business and gets Rupert Murdoch's  ...
t Samsung Galaxy S5 vs iPhone 5s Durability Test: Apple is the Winner, Same for  ...
m Filipinos in west Africa warned vs Ebola
m Revealed: The 21 faces of human emotion
b Pair in MH370 scoop
e 'Star Wars' creator selects his kind of town, Chicago, for museum
e 'Colbert Report' in hot water over tweet
e 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2' debuts with $92 million
t Curiosity Rover Celebrates 1 Martian Year On Red Planet
b Why Google Stock Gained 2.3% After Today's Earnings
b Social Security Board of Trustees: No Change...
b Citi To Pay $1.125 Bln In Mortgage Claim Settlement
b Fed reports economy expanding, though modestly
b Gators win their 29th straight, down UCLA 79-68
e Jennette McCurdy Nude Pics Update: Actress Skips Kids' Choice Awards Due to  ...
m Tight shifts put air controllers at risk of fatigue
t YouTube reportedly acquiring video game streaming startup Twitch for $1 billion
e Breaking News: ROCKY to Close on Broadway in August
b Anglo fraud jury considers verdict
e 'It's always girls, girls, girls!' Boy's tantrum when he finds out third little sister on  ...
b Whole Foods/Whole Paycheck...It Doesn't Matter
m Health officials: Customers may have been exposed to hepatitis A at east  ...
m Forgotten vials of smallpox found in Maryland
t Feds Aren't Worried About Windows XP Vulnerabilities
e Zayn Malik And Louis Tomlinson Of One Direction Allegedly Caught Smoking  ...
b Texas couple wins $3M in gas drilling lawsuit
t WhatsApp CEO claims user data safe
t Google self-driving cars have no steering wheel or brakes
e Joan Rivers refuses to apologize to Castro captives
m Dr. Oz attacked over weight loss claims scams by US lawmakers
e Why was Paul Giamatti even in 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2′ anyway?
e 'Star Wars' Stormtrooper takes the Ice Bucket Challenge
t Google Glass Headed To Ray Ban And Oakley
e Tracy Morgan now in fair condition after crash
b Tesla, citing environment, to use North American materials for battery plant
t Nike Ditching FuelBand; Healthcare.gov Password Reset; UberX Adds $1
e Steven Spielberg's Cold War thriller gets release date
e VIDEO: Be Prepared! Syfy's SHARKNADO 2 Premieres Tonight!
b Merger makes ChiquitaFyffes top banana
e Jay Z Proposes to Beyonce at the Met Ball ...Sorta
b Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (NYSE:VRX) Raises Bid To $53 Billion To Buy  ...
e Viral: This 5-Year-Old Just Doesn't Want Her Brother to Grow Up
e Columbus Short -- Shows True Stripes During Bar Arrest
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S Specs (10.5 and 8.4)
t iPad Air vs Samsung Galaxy 10.1 2014 Edition - Specs and Price Comparison
t Samsung unveils new line of tablets featuring screens with richer colors | The  ...
t LG G Watch, G3 Smartphone Arrive on AT&T This Week
e Justin Bieber Posts Kissy Photo with Shanina Shaik, Says They're Not Dating
b Amazon Offers Employees $5000 To Quit, Doesn't Really Want Them To Take  ...
t What happened to the meteor shower?
e Elaine Stritch's 13 Most Memorable TV Moments
t Iliad in $15bn T-Mobile bid to shake up US mobile market
t Portal and Half Life 2 now available on Google Play Store
t Global selfie released by NASA
b Rising fuel prices detrimental to reforms
e VIDEO: O'Brien Promises Nudity, Fire At MTV Movie Awards
t Timeline: GM's ignition-switch recall crisis
e Peaches Geldof, 25, dies unexpectedly
e Cory Monteith's mom speaks out for first time since his death: 'The loss is  ...
e It's an expensive world after all: Disneyland hikes ticket prices
t Microsoft under fire for spying on rogue employee's emails
b Curtin University researchers find possible acoustic trace of MH370
e Brandon Jenner admits to kissing Kim
m Mangano Commemorates Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month
b Pinterest Is Sneaking Up on Twitter, Facebook, and Google
b At United Nations, Argentina Remains Defiant on $1.5 Billion Bad Debts
e Dwayne Johnson Takes a Page Out of Beyonce's Book In Our First Look at  ...
e Video Game Review: The Amazing Spider-Man 2
t Facebook Wants To Listen In On What You're Doing
e First Presbyterian Church of Moscow celebrates Easter, one of the most  ...
t What impact did 'Climategate' have on public opinion?
b Earnings Scheduled For July 28, 2014
m Finding a friendlier colon cancer screening test
b Airstrike kills 20 in north Syrian city of Aleppo
e Chris Brown D.C. assault trial delayed for months
t Facebook readying Slingshot to take on Snapchat
b Relook at info indicates MH370 flew faster than previously thought
b The Morning Leverage: The New Future of Energy Future Holdings
t Google Hangouts currently down for many [Updated]
b Netflix to put its prices up - but just a little bit and not yet
e Rolling Stones Postpone Australia, New Zealand Tour After Death of L'Wren Scott
e MOVIE REVIEW: Inside football
t GM orders recall of 60K Saturns to fix gear issue
m 3D mammograms catch breast cancer earlier
t VIDEO: Reboot And Reuse: Apple Offering Free Recycling Of Its Gadgets
b WWE Money In The Bank: WWE World Heavyweight Title Ladder Match
e Game Of Thrones (newbies): “First Of His Name”
e Full House Cast Reunites, Floods Instagram With Pictures From Dave Coulier's  ...
e Plane and simple: Courtney Love
e David Brenner, Comedian and Actor, Dies at the Age of 78
t HTC Corporation Launches Flagship with Duo Camera
e Mila Kunis (and Her Large Ring) Dance with Ashton
t AP Source: Justice Department probing GM recall
e MuchMusic Video Awards: Lorde Performs, Kendall and Kylie Jenner Co-Host  ...
t Will Oracle Corporation (NASDAQ:ORCL) Takeover of Micros Boost Tech Sector  ...
t Apple unveils 21.5-inch iMac for just $1099
e Ellen DeGeneres caught with naked lady! US comedienne in shower strip for  ...
b Twitter Losses Triple to $145m
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 and Series Images and Prices Leaked, Top  ...
b Dollar holds steady as market prices in ECB rate move
b Swiss chocolate maker Lindt buys Russell Stover Candies for undisclosed sum
b Near miss reported between passenger jet, cargo airplane
e Andrew Garfield snaps when asked about 'girlfriend' Emma Stone
e Can Johnny Depp Shake Box-Office Slump With 'Transcendence'?
t Complaint filed after Facebook study
e Mad Men Recap: Season 7, Episode 7, "Waterloo"
e The Magic School Bus To Return As A New Series On Netflix
t Vinod Khosla Interviews Google's Co-Founders, Larry Page & Sergey Brin
b Europe's taxi drivers protest Uber app
b US, Philippine marines hold drills in South China Sea
t Xbox One vs PS4: Yes, Titanfall Makes A Difference
e Mutant Pride: Retro style, globe-trotting intrigue in the latest 'X-Men'
e Plan your week in entertainment
e Jenny McCarthy Gets Engaged
e Sherri Shepherd & Lamar Sally Divorcing
t Trio of black holes marks the spot for gravitational waves
e Lil Kim Announces The Gender Of Her Baby On Instagram
t Google Glass And Diane Von Furstenberg Introduce Thirteen Extravagant High  ...
b California Drought Expected to Cost State $2.2 Billion in Losses
e Kanye West wants to put his plans to have a second child with Kim Kardashian  ...
t Facebook Allowed Researchers to Influence Users in 2012 Study
m World Autism Awareness Day is Wednesday
t iPad Pro specs with 4K, Touch ID imagined
e Queens spots to take in the fireworks show
e Miley Cyrus Poses Topless in Leaked Cover Art for 'Adore You' Remix
e Don't Be Silly, Hello Kitty Is a Cat
e Italy court gives Dolce and Gabbana 18 months in jail in tax case
e Girls Season 3 Cast News and Rumors: Creator Lena Dunham Says She Will  ...
b GM Reportedly Investing $450 Million in Two Michigan Plants
t No, Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg will not go to your privacy soirée, Iran
m Running Increases Lifespan, improves heart condition
e 'The Voice' Recap: Season 6 Playoffs, Part 2
e Mila Kunis is reportedly pregnant to fiance Ashton Kutcher which is bad timing  ...
e Why Stephen Colbert Moving to Late Night is No Big Deal
e Freeman doesn't want to live in a role forever
e VIDEO: Julia Roberts Plays Face Balls, Talks 'Normal Heart' on TONIGHT SHOW
e Four-legged stars of canine thriller win Cannes 'Palm Dog'
b Twitter Inc (TWTR) CEO Dick Costolo Remarks On Call
m Headbanging Motörhead fan suffers blood clot
b UPDATE: Stocks end lower as traders sell blue chips
b Gas prices seen as unlikely to affect holiday travel
b Buffett adds new stock pick: Verizon
e Handler's 'Chelsea Lately' Ending in August
t Hack for Siri gives more powers
e Kevin Costner plays baseball in Iowa to celebrate 'Field of Dreams' anniversary
e Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Arrive in NYC Amid Wedding Rumors!
t Android apps covertly mining cryptocurrencies on smartphones: Trend Micro
t Take a Sneak Peek at Ford's Transit Skyliner Concept
e Miley Cyrus Gets Giant Tattoo In Memory of Her Dead Dog Floyd
m Cut in Coal Dust to Combat Black Lung Draws Industry Fire
e A reading list for Mad Men 7
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Price Cheaper than Galaxy S4, Release Date Set in April
e Ariana Grande Unveils Cover Of New Album MY EVERYTHING; Pre-Order Now  ...
e Lana Del Rey - Lana Del Rey Makes Peace With Kurt Cobain's Daughter
t Apple May Reveal A Wearable Alongside New iPhones In September
b Microsoft And Office In A Multi-Platform World
e Officially... Olivia Palermo has married Johannes Huebl
e Billy Dee Williams And Emma Slater Talk 'Dancing With The Stars'
m Baby gate injuries quadruple but are easily prevented
e Jennifer Lawrence on the cover of Martha Stewart Weddings
e Trending with Rob Hunter: Conscious uncoupling, Wu-Tang Clan and Nick  ...
e Aereo Gets Its Day Before The US Supreme Court
e Kristen Stewart, Anne Hathaway go drag in Jenny Lewis “Just One of the Guys  ...
b US Investigators Believe Missing Malaysia Plane Is West Of Australia In Indian  ...
e Week in Film: 22 Jump Street, The Signal and More
e Video of the Day: Erykah Badu just wants a kiss
t Meet Cardboard: Google's free VR headset for anyone with an Android phone
e Who Shot Ray Benzino? Reality Star Raymond Scott Shot by Nephew Gai Scott
e Dirty Dancing! Justin Bieber 'Bumps And Grinds' With Selena Gomez
t Planetlike object nicknamed Biden could help explain solar system's origins
m Colonoscopies Miss 6% of Colorectal Cancers
b Weaker inflation could prompt asset buying, says Draghi
b Financial-services giant TIAA-CREF to buy fund house Nuveen for $6.25 bn
b Oil prices increase due to instability in Iraq
e Legally stylish: Amal Alamuddin steps out in a floral jumpsuit and wide-brimmed  ...
e Kanye West: Three-Hour Spoken Word Album In The Works
e Khloe Kardashian's Adorable Birthday Message…
b EPA proposes major upgrade for clean water rules
e Kim and Kanye In Paris Rocking Matching Style Ahead Of Their Wedding In  ...
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West are Honeymooning in Ireland!
b Two Women Narrowly Escape Death on Indiana Train Bridge
e Madonna Will Direct 'Adé: A Love Story,' Is Desperately Seeking a Screenwriter
b Crumbs Bake Shop Inc Jumps 1400% As CNBC Star Invests
t ISSpresso: the machine that will provide fresh coffee for astronauts
b AAA Predicting Record Breaking July 4th Travel in Va.
e Star Wars Episode 7 cast revealed: The internet reacts
t Microsoft Updates Privacy Policy: Can No Longer Snoop Through Hotmail  ...
b US GOLD OPEN – Gold steady, traders keep a close eye on China and copper
t Does OnePlus One equal a phone giant killer? We'll find out April 23
b US Authorities Want Credit Suisse to Plead Guilty in Tax Row
e Life lessons we've learned from Justin Bieber
e Amazon offers limited streaming music service with Prime
e J. Lo returns; 'Beverly Hills Cop 4'; Katie Couric may do 'Today' show again: AM  ...
e 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2' X-Men Post-Credit Clip Released Online
e Oprah teams up with Starbucks for new Teavana Oprah Chai tea line
b Wal-Mart, video game trade-in: Stores to accept video game trade-ins
e Andi Dorfman shocks viewers on 'The Bachelorette Final Rose:' Made love to Nick
b US stocks drop ahead of Q2 earnings
b Apple to acquire music streaming service and audio equipment maker Beats for  ...
b UPDATE 1-Bank of England's Miles sees strong chance rates will rise before  ...
b Virtu IPO Poised to Make a (Multi-) Billionaire of Vinnie Viola
b Poroshenko calls for Ukraine truce to buy time for peace deal
t Samsung 'Tizen SDK for Wearable' released to help create smartwatch apps
e North Korea slams Kim Jong-un assassination comedy as 'act of terror'
e Diane Sawyer Tells Her Viewers She's Leaving 'World News'
e Robin Thicke to Win Back Paula Patton with New Song 'Get Her Back' to Debut  ...
b No word whether Ky. Family Dollar stores among 370 to close
b US consumer sentiment slips; bad weather eyed
e Will & Jada Pinkett Smith 'Under Investigation' For Willow's pic By LA Dept of  ...
e Watch Dexter Roberts Sing “Sweet Home Alabama” in American Idol 2014 Top  ...
b Oil moves in narrow range after overnight fall
e Diane Sawyer Leaves ABC's “World News” Anchor Desk
e US distribution deal for Loach's Irish-set drama
b Change text size for the story
e Miley Cyrus - Miley Cyrus and Flaming Lips record Beatles cover
t Blue ringwoodite sparked the discovery of earth's inner reservoir
b Emanuel says scaled-back pensions not actually a 'cut'
e How Game of Thrones conquered a mass TV audience (with video)
t Aaron Paul ad is turning on Xbox Ones
e Robin Thicke Continues His Public Conquest To Win Back Paula Patton
e Movie preview: “Guardians of the Galaxy”
b Euro dips in pre-ECB jockeying
t First Take: Alibaba appeases a battered tech market
t Climate Change Worse Than We Predicted, Says New Report
b Factbox: Alibaba's IPO, fees among biggest for new listings
e Is an endorsement from Katherine Heigi worth $6 million?
e FILM REVIEW: The Other Woman with Cameron Diaz, Leslie Mann, Kate Upton  ...
e New Doctor Who Tease: More Questions Than Answers
t Jacques Cousteau's grandson leads aquanaut team on record-breaking ocean  ...
e Hercules movie first trailer: Dwayne Johnson stars
b Last-Minute ACA Sign-Up Help Locations
e Spider-Man 4 Release Date May Change
t Sports Media First Tweets
e Three Hollywood Executives Accused Of Sexual Abuse
t GM hires expert for possible compensation in recalled cars
e 'Noah' is an Ambitious Disappointment
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4: Coming In Q3; 4K Display; Waterproofing As Standard
b Census estimates: Richmond County population shrinking
e CELEB GOSS: Glee star Chris Colfer 'sacked' on Twitter
e Legendary screen and stage actress Ruby Dee dies at 91
e Madonna to direct film version of 'Ade: A Love Story'
e Whoopi Goldberg Writes Pot Column For Denver Newspaper
e Ann B Davis dies
t Ford Celebrates Mustang's 50th Birthday
e 'American Idol' crowns season 13 champ
e Kim Kardashian Jealous of Kanye West Protege Pia Mia
e Just Photos Of Michelle Rodriguez And Zac Efron Kissing, Because Nothing  ...
m Number of Moles Surprisingly Linked to Breast Cancer Risk
b Turks voice defiance over Twitter ban
t Snapchat settles over non-disappearing messages
e Paul Walker's mother seeks guardianship of her granddaughter
b ECB: What next?
e Jack White says he cut vinyl in record time
t AOL Advises Users to Reset Passwords After Breach
e LiLo's reality show not returning for second season
e Kevin Smith Visited The Set of Star Wars: Episode 7, And...
e 'Obviously Intoxicated': Zac Efron Punched in The Mouth in Downtown Los Angeles
e 'Devastated' Miley Cyrus postpones two more shows
e Clooney steps down as UN emissary
t Google Warns BBC: Post on Merrill's O'Neal May Be 'Forgotten'
t Google to make blog post published by journalist Robert Peston seven years  ...
t Driverless cars given green light on UK roads
m Michael Schumacher's helicopter firm call cops over claims his medical files had  ...
t Late interest in FCC 'net neutrality' extends deadline.
t Sacrifice 150 characters for 150k
e MOVIE REVIEW: 'Transcendence' makes unusual connections
b Silicon Valley billionaire buys record life policy worth $201 million
e Ariana Grande's "Break Free" Climbs iTunes Sales Chart
e VIDEO: Check Out the Wachowskis' Jupiter Ascending Trailer
b Ford's profit dragged down by weakness in North America
e Pope Stirs Communion Debate With Call to Woman
m Vaccine clinic scheduled Saturday for Papa John's patrons
e Robert Pattinson - Robert Pattinson says heavy saliva makes him lie
e Standup comedian John Pinette found dead in hotel room
m Relay For Life team captains review fundraising, upcoming dates
b Interesting August Stock Options For WMT
t Could Windows 9 launch Microsoft back into business?
e Stephen Colbert Named Letterman Replacement
e Gwyneth Paltrow's 'conscious uncoupling' explained
m Number of US elderly will double by 2050, report says
t Lots To Digest from Apple's First Day of WWDC
b Gold Falls 1 Percent, Posts July Loss
e Superman comic fetches record-smashing $3.2M
t Titanfall Live Action Series Teaser Trailer Released
t Microsoft Corp.'s share price down, confirms the 5.4-billion-euro Nokia handset  ...
t Widespread Verizon Wireless outage affecting payments and new phone sales
e Kendall Jenner: Girl's Lunch with Kim Kardashian in Paris
b Shire Plc rejects latest $46.5B takeover bid by AbbVie Inc.
e Concert Review: Jay-Z and Beyonce offer nonstop spectacle
b BofA planned to buy $4 billion of its own stock and raise its dividend from a  ...
b Video: Zillow To Grab More Online Real Estate
e Kristen Bell And Dax Shepard Are Having Another Baby, So Commence Happy  ...
b US Stocks: Wall St to dip at open; Nasdaq set for 4th straight fall
e The Vamps and Professor Green React To One Direction's Louis Tomlinson and  ...
t New Android 4.4.2 Update for HTC One M8 Brings Improved Stability
b Crude palm oil futures remain higher on firm demand
t World Getting Warmer, 2013 Was One of the Hottest Years: Global Climate Report
e Game Of Thrones Makes Triumphant Return
b Dollar falls after Fed holds course on rates
b Live blog: Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella's first press conference
t Facebook researchers apologize for manipulating news feeds for a study in 2012
e 3-D Printers Can Make Guitars, Pizza, and...Van Gogh's Severed Ear?
t Watch Dogs Launch Trailer Hacks You Into A State of Hyped Excitement
m TODAY: Kidnapped Girl Escapes, Amy Van Dyken-Rouen Coming Back to  ...
e Thicke may win wife back with 'Paula'
b Coke profit drops; growth in key emerging markets
m Take A Closer Look At Labels
t Gas price rises for 14th straight day in San Diego County
t Apple loses voice recognition patent lawsuit
e Candidate stays cool-headed
e Movie Review: The Other Woman (12A)
t Facebook to use drones for net access
b IMF chief Christine Lagarde under investigation in France
b ECB's Noyer Sees Strong Euro Weighing on Prices
b Alibaba IPO is Hottest Public Listing of 2014; Could Raise $20B, Possibly the  ...
e Transcendence review: A so-so thriller set in the world of Artificial Intelligence
e Kimye `to marry in private ceremony` this week
m Ebola-hit west Africa launches battle plan
e The-Dream Turns Himself In To NYPD Following Ex-Girlfriend's Domestic  ...
t Ford Mocks Cadillac ELR's Poolside Spot with Upside C-Max Ad
t USB devices could soon be hacker targets, says researcher
b UPDATE 4-AOL profit misses estimate on costs; shares tumble
b Research center names Eastman 'World's Most Ethical' chemical company
b 11 Call For Action Alert: Deadline to File Taxes Arrives
t GM issues fresh recalls over air bags
e MTV Movie Awards 2014: Hunger Games Big Winner As Jennifer Lawrence  ...
e 'The Incredibles 2' and 'Cars 3' are in the Works!
e Stars out for MTV Movie Awards
e TV picks for April 11-13: "Arnie,” "MTV Movie Awards,” "Mad Men,” "Years of  ...
b Barnes & Noble to spin off Nook division
b Bayer buys Merck OTC portfolio
b Bitcoins are not money, IRS says
t HTC One M8 is a strikingly beautiful Android phone
b Transportation funding may hit a wall
b Global stocks fall as Obama authorizes air strikes; more flights late on arrival  ...
e 'Once Upon a Time in Wonderland' Cancelled by ABC
t You Have Avoided The Heartbleed Bug, Now What?
e Celebrity Watch: Ailing Malcolm Young taking break from AC/DC
b Economic conditions improving nationwide, Fed says in new 'Beige Book'
e Holy fire ceremony attracts thousands
b German Manufacturing PMI Drops To 7-Month Low
e Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez Partied Together in Los Angeles Last Night
e Jennifer Lopez's New Album Cover Features Ample Cleavage And A Heaping  ...
t SHOWBIZ: On board the ship of imagination
e Henry Cavill rain-soaked in Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice picture
m Oscar: Acoustic engineer testifies
b Amazon Goes After Hachette Authors, Floats Sweet Ebook Royalty Deal
e Erykah Badu Tries to Kiss a Reporter on Live TV -- Watch Now!
t Facebook Tightens Privacy Controls
t FCC commissioner seeks delay in net neutrality vote
t Android 4.4.2 update rolling out for AT&T One Mini
t March 24 Premarket Briefing: 10 Things You Should Know
t Justice Department announces $1.2 billion settlement with Toyota
e New TV Spot For Chef Will Have Your Mouth Watering
b Comcast: Netflix is Worried About its Business Model, Not its Customers
t Sun, Mars & Earth to make 'an opposition' April 8
b Mt. Gox finds 200000 bitcoins it thought were lost
m First chikungunya case confirmed in Tennessee
t New York Times to Launch 'NYT Now' Tiered Subscription Package
e Veteran actor Eli Wallach dies at 98
t Sony to Sell PlayStation Consoles in China Through New Ventures with  ...
e Hear the 'DuckTales' Theme as a Sexy Slow Jam
b Greece to get next bailout loan in three parts, finance ministers decide
m Report Says Big Changes Are Needed In How Doctors Are Trained
b Starbucks Digital Tips: Concept Launches on Mobile App March 19
e Miley Cyrus resumes Bangerz tour in London's O2 Arena after health issues  ...
t Microsoft unveils Office for Apple's iPad
b URGENT - Malaysia Airlines Partner Reaction
e The Supreme Court's struggle to grasp Aereo's tiny TV antennas
b MORNING MEETING: Bank of England governor Mark Carney get his point across
m Don't let ticks hitch a ride on you
e Robin Thicke Hasn't Seen Paula Patton in Months, Apparently
t Amazon expected to unveil new smartphone
b Ford sees US 16 mln annualized auto sales rate, including big trucks
e Jeremy Renner Does the Ice Bucket Challenge in a Kiddie Pool (Video)
e Starbucks to 'reinvent and transform' the $90bn tea market
t Amazon product listings suggest Microsoft Surface Mini may arrive next month
e Kris Jenner Is Rockin' Her Wedding Ring In Paris! Is The City Of Light Bringing  ...
e Miley Cyrus' Bangerz Tour is Cancelled! Extended Hospital Stay Forces Singer  ...
b Euro slips as Draghi hints ECB may act in June
e Robert De Niro Makes Movie About His Gay Father
t Chocolate Factory preps health data cloud slurp
b White House defends equal pay at home as Obama focuses on male-female  ...
b Free McDonald's coffee giveaway starts Monday
b IRS Workers Owing Back Taxes Awarded Bonuses
e 'Neighbors' riotously funny
b Your Hatred of Cupcakes Is a Little Sexist
e Angelina Jolie Says Privileged Moms 'Shouldn't Complain'
e VIDEO: Tony Winner Robert Morse Sings 'Best Things In Life' on MAD MEN
e Josh Elliott Leaving 'Good Morning America' For NBC Sports After $10 Million  ...
m The Latest Advancement in Regenerative Medicine Is Lab-Grown Vaginas
t Hyundai recalls 883000 Sonatas due to 'rollaway risk'
b Holcim, Lafarge agree merger to create cement giant
t Google reinstates 'forgotten' links after pressure
t Samsung Galaxy Pro Ad Criticizes The iPad And Microsoft Surface
b IMF chief Lagarde under official investigation in France for 'negligence' in  ...
e Hugh Jackman Heading Back to Broadway
b FOMC: Connect the dots or pin the tail on the donkey?
b Angelina, Nacogdoches counties have increased in population since 2010
e Demi Lovato: My grandfather came out as gay in the 1960s
b Etihad strikes deal to buy 49-per-cent stake in Alitalia
e Scotty McCreery robbed at gunpoint during North Carolina home invasion
e 14-year-old arrested for threatening airline
e Injured Harrison Ford to miss 8 weeks of 'Star Wars' filming
m Melbourne-bound AIDS 2014 delegates among those on MH17 flight
b Three More Arrested in Bulgaria's Bank Scandal
e First Dibs: Was Star Trek's Chris Pine Drunk Driving Around New Zealand?
b Some MPC members 'nearer rate rise'
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S to Sport WQXGA Display, Fingerprint Sensor: Report
m Germy planes: Bacteria can live for days on aircrafts
e 'The Leftovers' fascinates, depresses and confuses
e L'Wren Scott spokesperson blasts 'misleading' financial reports as 'extremely  ...
t Baidu wins dismissal of US lawsuit claiming censorship
m Swiss firm probed over Michael Schumacher's records
e Dave Coulier Wedding Well-Attended by 'Full House' Co-Stars
t Destiny beta test begins July 23 for Xbox One and Xbox 360
t Gas Prices Uncertain for 4th of July Travelers
e We're Getting a Mrs. Doubtfire Sequel
b HSBC: Manufacturing PMI improved marginally in June
e Paul Walker's Mom Files To Take Guardianship Of His 15-Year-Old Daughter  ...
e Cinco de Mayo scenes
b More airfare disclosure sought
m Congress wants rules on e-cigarettes
m Surgeon General Issues Skin Cancer Warnings About Tanning
e 17 Times The New 'X-Men: Days Of Future Past' Trailer Was Totally Overwhelming
t OkCupid admits to 'experimentation'
t Google's Project Ara wants to revolutionize the smartphone industry within a year
e Miley Cyrus has rescheduled cities on 'Bangerz' tour
t Mid-range Nokia/Microsoft Windows Phone leaks
m WATCH: Boy Takes First Steps with Amputated Left Leg and Right Foot
b Hiring Surges, Unemployment Dips
e You Know Who Loved Nicki Minaj's VMA Anaconda Performance The Most  ...
e Jenny McCarthy And Sherri Shepherd Out At 'The View'
b Today's European session looks like it could be a quiet one
e Actor Chris Evans feeling the pressure as Captain America returns
e First Superman comic sells for $3.2 million
e Jimmy Fallon Invites Arnold Schwarzenegger And Carson Daly As Guests On  ...
t Microsoft Announces TradeIn Scheme For SMBs To Leap To Cloud
m Justina's family: Just let her come home
e Dozens of Unknown Andy Warhol Originals Discovered on Floppy Disks
b Target CEO Gregg Steinhafel resigns after security breach
e Horrible Bosses 2 Teaser Trailer: More Of The Same
e Country Singer And Cancer Survivor Kevin Sharp Dead At 43
t Satya Nadella may unveil Microsoft Office for iPad next week
m This Test At Your Gyno's Office Is Painful And A Waste Of Time
e Why On This Night Do We Ask So Many Questions?
b Burger King Eyes Acquisition Of Tim Hortons In Potential Tax Inversion Deal
t HTC One Mini 2 Images Leaked Showing Three Colour Schemes; No Duo  ...
e Bobby Womack, singer with brave 2nd act, dies at 70
b Herbalife Investigation: Which Activist Is Right?
t Google's Chromecast streaming stick set to go on sale in the UK this week
b Jackley Joins Settlement with SunTrust to Address Mortgage Loans
m Forgotten Vials Of Smallpox Found In NIH Campus In Bethesda
e Amazon OKs new shows by 'X-Files' creator, more
t Videos of the Samsung Galaxy S5 Active leaks online
m Minnesota is now 8th state to ban indoor tanning for minors
b Wal-Mart aims to shake winter with sales push
b Subway says 'yoga mat' chemical to be phased out next week
m 'Breakthrough' Breast Cancer Drug, Palbociclib, Doubles Time Of Tumor Growth  ...
t Microsoft To Announce Massive Job Cuts Soon [Rumor]
t Climate panel issues 'call for action'
b Wal-Mart sues Visa for $5 billion over 'swipe fees'
b Darden Restaurants seals USD 2.1 bn Red Lobster deal with Golden Gate Capital
m Survey Suggests That Self-Reported Health of Young Adults Has Improved
t New Watch Dogs Details: Playable With 4GB RAM, Graphics on PS4/Xbox One  ...
e Miley Cyrus In UK For Tour After Allergy Drama
e Tracy Morgan Condition Upgraded, Bonds Sales Drop, Atlantic City LGBT Beach
e Lady Gaga debuts 'GUY' music video featuring 'Real Housewives,' Andy Cohen
e Jay-Z, Beyoncé, & Solange Knowles Elevator Fight: SNL Parody Clip Makes Fun  ...
e After deadly avalanche, Discovery cancels 'Everest Jump Live' TV special
t Apple poaches Tag Heuer executive as iWatch launch nears
b Even Lionel Messi can't solve Argentina's debt crisis
b AutoNation 2Q profit climbs 12 percent
b TWTR: Twitter's Ali Rowghani Resigns as COO
b Lululemon Athletica inc. Price Target Cut to $69.00 by Analysts at Canaccord  ...
e Power Rangers Live Action Movie Franchise in the Works!
e These People Are Having A Really Hard Time Dealing With Gwyneth Paltrow  ...
m MTV reality show star Diem Brown battles colon cancer
e Insanely Fast 5-Minute Breakfasts
b Colin Kaepernick Investigation: 49ers QB Tweets Response to Stories
t ZTE Open C Firefox OS smartphone launches via eBay
b Tokyo stocks down 0.11pc by break
e Brad Pitt hit in face by infamous prankster at 'Maleficent' premiere
t Apple Inc.'s share price down, signs corporate sales deal with IBM Corp  ...
t Octopus tentacles coated with repellent that stop suckers sticking together
m Ebola - DR Congo Confirms Two Cases
b Is Russia's Deal with China a Threat to Canadian LNG?
t OnePlus One 64GB handset to launch later this month
e Chris Brown & Drake To Perform A Skit At ESPY Awards -- Report
e Britney Spears Instagram 2014 New Fragrance Edition: 'Alien' Singer Reveals  ...
b Unexpected Russian Manufacturing Gain Hard to Sustain, HSBC Says
b Euro zone needs low, possibly lower rates: ECB's Coeure
e Will Kim Kardashian marry in McQueen?
b Chen Guangbiao's charity lunch to help NY's homeless backfires horribly
e Dancing With The Stars Elimination Results – DWTS 4/21/14
b Twitter says CEO, co-founders don't plan on selling stock after lockup expires on  ...
b Avoid Common Errors when Filing Tax Return
b The Alibaba IPO Readies for Lift Off
b Citigroup to pay $1.13B to settle mortgage claims
b UBS reports unexpected profits
e Lana Del Rey Performs for Kimye at Versailles
b Starbucks set to add digital tipping to iOS app
b UPDATE 2-Egypt to raise fuel prices by up to 78 percent from midnight -source
m Wirelessly charging medical devices inside the body
e Walking Dead Season 4 Blu-ray Release Date
e Zac Efron attacked in Los Angeles
e 'The Walking Dead' season finale's glitches outrage Time Warner Cable customers
e Charlie Brown And Snoopy In 3-D? You Have To See This 'Peanuts' Teaser
t Your risks and options with Windows XP
e “Game of Thrones” recap: Food is power
t Sony recalls too hot to handle Vaio Fit 11A laptops
b NORTH CHICAGO, Ill., July 18, 2014 /PRNewswire/ --
e Resurrecting the history of Craig churches
b Safety Board Says Asian Plane Crash Caused by Pilot Mismanagement
m Blood test could indicate possibility of Alzheimer's
e 'Draft Day' not just for football junkies
e Zack 'Danger' Brown Kickstarter Raises $16K for Potato Salad
t Comet lander awakes from long hibernation
t Microsoft Office For iPad Released
b Warren Buffett's 5 Best Businesses
t Why These Stocks Are Hot: Tesla Motors (NASDAQ:TSLA), STMicroelectronics  ...
e A Trio of Jurassic World Imagery
e Maleficent Official Trailer #3
e Jonah Hill Apologizes For Gay Slur: I Added 'More Ugliness To The World'
e Deaths, twists help lift 'Thrones' season finale
e Fast And Furious 7 To Resume Filming In Two Weeks Following Paul Walker's  ...
t APD continues a two-wheel track on law enforcement
m Death-Causing Dog Treats Leave the FDA Mystified
t iPhone 6 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 3: How Will Apple's Phablet Compare To The  ...
t GM sees Google as a threat
t News Samsung Galaxy S6 Concept Showcases Revolutionary Features Like  ...
e 'Rosemary's Baby': How NBC Gave Birth to a New Version of Roman Polanski's  ...
t President Obama Plays Soccer and Chats With Japanese Robot
t Here's what MLB 14: The Show looks like on PS4 in 1080p
m VIDEO: Electrical device helps paralyzed men move legs
b How China's Yuan Impacts The World
b NYMEX-US oil drops further on gasoline demand, rising Libya exports
m E. Coli Cases Prompt Recall of 1.8 Million Pounds of Ground Beef
e House music pioneer Frankie dies
t Apple's iPhone 5c Now Available in 8GB Version
b California cities seek water independence
b Kansas farmers plan to sow more corn, soybeans
t HTC One Mini 2 Review: Hands On First Look
e Family Status: Wife, Mary Ann; children: David Todd Jr.; Susan Tillman; Alicia  ...
b US STOCKS-Futures point to lower open as Amazon and Ford fall
e Jessica Simpson's Wedding to Eric Johnson: Did She Flub Her Vows?
e Bryan Cranston Of Breaking Bad Helps Student Ask Girl To Prom
t Read This If Your Phone Runs Android
b Stoxx Europe 600 Rises for Sixth Straight Week
t Brewery agrees sponsorship
t Heartland Institute's Smoke And Mirrors Attempt To Debunk Consensus Science
m iPads, other devices containing nickel to blame for causing rashes
e Record-breaking Transformers stun China
b Uber faces European taxi driver protests
b BNZ profits rise 3.4 percent
e Who is Season 19 Bachelor Chris Soules?
e Jay Z & Beyoncé Give Justin Bieber's Mugshot The Summer Jam Screen  ...
t Android L vs. iOS 8: Can Apple take on Android's biggest update ever?
e Avoid 'nul points' during your Eurovision party with a valid TV Licence
e Macaulay Culkin's Pizza-Themed Velvet Underground Cover Band Booed  ...
m Mumps outbreak at Ohio State University reaches 28 cases
m New Study Says Eating at Restaurants Doubles Your Chance of Food Poisoning
e EXCLUSIVE: Diesel's Nicola Formichetti Dresses Bey, Jay, and Blue Ivy
e Keith Richards to Write a Children's Book
t What has Elon Musk so mad about an Air Force award
e Whitney Houston biopic to premiere in 2015
b Dollar gains on ECB stimulus talk, stocks decline
b Amaya shares surge on acquisition of PokerStars owner
t Facebook teams up with Storyful to launch 'FB Newswire'
e Lucasfilm Releases Statement On Star Wars Expanded Universe
t Exynos 5433 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 benchmark crushes the Snapdragon 805
t NASA Launches Carbon Satellite
e Joss Whedon slays Hollywood studios, releases new film online
t First cars running Android Auto software to roll out this year: Google
t Bungie's Destiny Is Most Expensive Video Game Ever Made
b Dow Jones industrial Average up 61 points at 16234
e Kim Kardashian And Kanye West Get Ready To Take Over Ibiza
e 'Planes: Fire & Rescue' is another DisneyToon disaster
m Novartis AG (NVS) A Hope to Extend and Improve the Lives of People with Heart  ...
t Google announces Android L: Watch I/O keynote livestream here
t Distracted Driving Awareness Month, how we can curb the distracted driving crisis
b Alibaba's ditch - How bad is it for Hong Kong exchange?
b Posted by Muhammad Iqbal
t Russian hackers threatening power companies, researchers say
t Xbox One fan's custom UI concept praised by Microsoft
b Inflation remains tame despite jump in food costs
t White House takes steps to save bees nationwide
t Methane spewing up from surprisingly gassy seafloor off East Coast
b Twitter Inc (TWTR) appoints new CFO
e Khloe Kardashian Drinking Heavily While Dating French Montana, Losing Weight
b EUR/USD dips to fresh lows post-Payrolls
m Study: Alzheimer's And Dementia Rates Decline In US, Wealthy Countries
e The six habits of highly effective 'Game of Thrones' characters
b Survey: Health insurance gains pick up
m Beef Recall: Over 4000 Pounds Of Beef Recalled
t The FCC Is Investigating The Netflix-Verizon Scrap
e Video: 300 Residents Run for a Good Cause
b Candy Crush maker King Digital raises $500 mn in IPO
t LG G Android Wear to be unveiled Q2 2014
e 10 months delayed 'Batman v Superman: Dawn Of Justice' title confirmed
t Sony follows Microsoft's lead and inks deal to push PlayStation into China
b French Bank To Pay $8.83 Billion In Sanctions Probe
t Polluted air
e 'Duck Dynasty' star stands by anti-gay comments; MJ impersonator; Tupac's last  ...
e The Kardashians in New York
m Saudi camel tradition may hinder control of new disease
e Noah's criticism 'irrational', says Russell Crowe
m Bottle babies may be at disability risk
e “X-Men” director Bryan Singer faces sexual abuse lawsuit – report
b 5 reasons why Twitter is dead money in 2014
e Lady Gaga dons long white wig as she emerges from SiriusXM radio show
e Passover Seder Plate; Charoset and Horseradish
t DETROIT - Spiders have forced Suzuki to recall more than 19000 midsize cars.
e Theater Shows 'Rise Of The Guardians' Instead Of 'Guardians Of The Galaxy  ...
b Oil rises ahead of U.S. supply data and minutes from Fed meeting
t AP News in Brief at 5:58 a.m. EDT
b HP wins dismissal of lawsuit linked to ex-CEO Mark Hurd's ouster
b IFO Business Climate Index Decreases More Than Expected
b Why AstraZeneca (AZN) Stock Is Spiking Today
e Miley Cyrus Reschedules Kansas City Show
m UK witnessing major quality sperm scarcity
e Rapper Macklemore called anti-Semite after performing in fake beard, prosthetic  ...
b Five things to know about the EPA's new power plant rule: Q&A
b Stocks close higher but pare earlier gains
e Johnny Weir Announces Split From Husband Victor Weir-Voronov
b U.S. Consumer Prices Rise More Than Expected In May
m RI celebrates polio-free
t Honda, Mazda, and Nissan recall vehicles due to airbag defects
m Appendix Lawsuit: Doctor Failed To Remove It
t HTC One M8 goes official
t NHTSA Chief Will Blame GM for Long Delayed Recall
b State boasts nation's second-lowest unemployment rate in March
t Reed Hastings Reignites Net Neutrality Furor
e LIVE CHAT: Game of Thrones Season 4 finale, 'The Children,' HBO, 9 pm ET
m Drink up, NYC: Ban on big sodas canned
b Dov Charney Compares His Public Dismissal To "Mocking Someone's Sexual  ...
e Christina Aguilera expecting baby girl
e US ambassador to India resigns
t Aereo Defeat Sets Up Bigger, Broader Fight for TV
e 'The View' Firings: Jenny McCarthy, Sherri Shepherd Are Out
t Mercedes-Benz sales skyrocket
t Volkswagen Jetta updated for 2014 | New Release - Car News Apr 2014
e Summer's coolest film: 'Guardians of the Galaxy'
b New Zealand dollar hits three-year high
t MS offers Windows Phone OS free to Indian players
t Global warming disrupting Americans' lives, report says
e 'American Idol' 2014: Jena and Caleb relive their rock 'n roll road to the finale  ...
e Keira Knightley to make singing debut with 'Begin Again'
m UN: Spread of polio a world health emergency
e Check Out The Emotionally Charged Promo For Tori Spelling's New Reality Show
b 30 and 15 Year Mortgage Rates at Commerce Bank, HSBC Jun 29, 2014
e Mother's Day Must Haves
b Weak bank lending thwarting growth in US, Europe
t Microsoft quietly drops subsidized $99 Xbox 360
b Weibo (WB) Prices Smaller IPO at $17, Low End of Range
b Job gain stretches to 5 months in row
b Remarks With Indian Minister for External Affairs Sushma Swaraj After Their  ...
e Fox: I don't have Many Friends
m FDA Delay Drops MannKind Shares
t Hubble captures spectacular kaleidoscopic view of universe
m Dodge County crow first confirmed case of West Nile virus in Wisconsin this year
m Diem Brown battling cancer for third time
t Civilization: Beyond Earth Isn't Alpha Centauri 2 But It's Close
m No good deed unpunished
t Astronomers Present Research
b Last minute tax tips as April 15 deadline nears
t iPhone 6 Resolution Tipped; Reversible Port Lightning Cable Due in 2015
t The hellish monotony of 25 years of IPCC climate change warnings
b Price check: Wal-Mart widget compares prices for shoppers
e Watch: Incredible leaked CCTV footage shows Jay Z 'fighting with Beyonce's  ...
e Letterman Rumor Round-Up: Whoopi, Neil Patrick Harris Deny Interest; Leno  ...
t Mazda recalls 42000 cars because of spiders
b Overall trade deficit narrowed in May
e Lady Gaga combines Michael Jackson, Gandhi and Jesus in bizarre new GUY  ...
b EUR/USD in session highs near 1.3760
t How The Ford Mustang Shook The World 50 Years Ago
b Fed Seen Trimming Bond Buys, Could Offer Vague Rate Clues
e Lana Del Rey Catches Fire in "West Coast" Video
b EPA Gets Supreme Court Thumbs-Up on Greenhouse Gas Regulation—and a  ...
e Michael Jackson Xscape Featuring 8 New Songs On The Way
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Wireless charging Cover Now Available for Pre-Order
m Five Towns to be sprayed for West Nile virus
e Leonardo DiCaprio to star as fur trapper in Gonzalez Inarritu's new thriller The  ...
e Dior Cruise Collection: Brooklyn, Rihanna, and More Ugly Shoes
e The Stooges Drummer Scott Asheton Passes Away At 64
t 2015 Volkswagen Jetta facelift revealed ahead of New York Motor Show
t Thursday night's fireball was probably a small meteor
t HTC One M8: The most beautiful smartphone
e Peaches Geldof's husband Thomas Cohen pays tribute to his wife
e Watch Governor Chris Christie Bust A Move With Jimmy Fallon
b Sales of US existing homes up 4.9 percent
e Bad Neighbours: A crass riot
m Free Drug Samples from Doctors Make the Patients Spend More
e The View shakeup Shepherd McCarthy stand together - WFSB 3 Connecticut
b Truck insurance concentration seems inevitable
e MailOnline apologises to George Clooney
e Bay milks the Transformer formula in 'Age of Extinction'
b Futures Pointing To A Lower Open On Wall Street
b First Wind marks start of commercial operations for premiere solar project
b TrueCar.com owner's shares rise about 20 percent in debut
b Cover Shorts In Twitter
t Tech: No Surprise: Netflix Comes Out…
e Dispute over five Garth Brooks shows
t Google Search Update Lets You Say "Take a Picture"
b HSH.com: Stronger Employment Numbers Force Mortgage Rates Upward
t Apple and IBM form apps and sales partnership
t Comcast-TWC Merger Would Combine The Worst Performing Companies in  ...
t Should You Buy Best Buy or GameStop?
e Iron Man 3 Director to Reboot Predator
t Ebay massively hacked
b Ukraine has not made official statements on withdrawing from CIS - Kremlin aide
m Man isolated with high fever tests negative for Ebola
t Facebook launches vanishing message app Slingshot
b Taiwan's yuan deposits inch up to 290 bln yuan as of May
b MH370 Lost in Indian Ocean: SAR resumes
b The Week Ahead: Banks await Fed's all-clear on dividends, buybacks
t Massive Car Orgy Hits New York City
e Robin Williams in talks to reprise Fox 2000 developed 'Mrs. Doubtfire' sequel
t Apple wants retrial in Samsung case
t Google Announces DVF Glass Collection Of Fashion-Geek Eyewear
b Facebook's first-quarter earnings, revenue soar
t Lunar Eclipse Visible Tonight in the Americas Starting Around 11pm
t Comcast not laughing at Franken, Poehler act
b Wednesday Afternoon Business Brief
b Health care website stumbles on last day for signups
t Mysterious 'magic island' found on Saturn moon
b Hewlett-Packard Company (NYSE:HPQ)'S Interim Chairman Resigned From  ...
b Elimination of Tariffs on Environmental Goods Possible
e Beyoncé reigns over VMAs
t New security flaw attacks on IE
b Stocks Fluctuate In Early Trading As Fed Announcement Looms - U.S.  ...
t What Happens To Your Social Media Accounts When You Die?
t Amazon Set to Announce TV Streaming Service to Challenge Apple TV and  ...
t Some Habitable Planets Were Too Good to be True [VIDEO]
e Lorde, Arctic Monkeys, Disclosure lead MTV VMA 2014 nominations
b Futures Pointing To A Roughly Flat Open On Wall Street
e Vinyl still proves popular with Music Fans
m Evansville Hospital Rank Among Best in State
b Zillow is buying Trulia for $3.5B
b Jobless rates down in Virginia, Maryland
e The Voice RECAP 3/25/14: Season 6 “The Battles Continue, Part 4”
e First look at Ryan Gosling's new movie
m Hannibal Clinic to host a drug take back
t Fighting News: WWE Network hits 700K subscriber mark in five months
b The End Of The Fed's Stimulus Is Getting Closer -- Here's What To Do
m US childhood obesity rates have increased since 1999
m Ebola epidemic unlikely to spread beyond Africa, experts say
t Survey: U.S. Average Gas Price Up Ten Cents A Gallon
b Home-Bias Risk Identified by BIS in Bond Regulations for Banks
e Hear what advice Jim Carrey has for college graduates
t Google finally shuts down its first social network, Orkut
e Controversial Kim Kardashian Vogue: Digital copies available starting today
b Retail sales show strong growth in March
t Survey: US gas prices down 3 ½ cents per gallon
e In California, Gwyneth's 'conscious uncoupling' sounds as normal as any other  ...
t California Will Start Granting Licenses For Driverless Cars In September
m Feds approve robotic leg braces
e 'Other Woman' delivers more punch than some female comedies
t GM's Mary Barra Testifies on Capitol Hill
t Netflix Price Hike: New Subscribers Pay $1 More; Current Member Price Locked  ...
e WATCH: Bella Thorne Talks 'Blended' and Teaching Adam Sandler How to Dougie
b Amazon Fire phone review roundup
b Granting of new bank licences not a political process, says Raghuram Rajan
b AstraZeneca shares rocketed to a new record high after drugs giant Pfizer  ...
t Samsung unveils Galaxy S5 Mini
e Kim Kardashian will attend Met Gala next week, will try to redeem herself after  ...
e George RR Martin Addresses That 'Game of Thrones' Altar Scene
b Target Corp. (TGT) Is Down Following CEO's Departure
b Barclays Facing Lawsuit In New York Over Dark Pools; Shares Decline
t Ignore climate change: House instructs Pentagon
m Prostate cancer recurrence link to blood group
t More about Android TV
b BIZ BRIEFS
e Kim and Kanye's wedding weekend rumor rundown
b Real estate's spring buying season fails to launch
b Google has set aside $30bn as it mulls foreign takeover targets
t PS4 Tops June 2014 NPD Sales Chart, Despite Xbox One Price Cut
e Ex-'Two and a Half Men' star grows massive beard, says he was 'a paid hypocrite'
b Shares edge down ahead of Samsung's earnings guidance
t Obama proposes Climate Accord to Control climate change across Nations
e Winter Is Coming as 'Game of Thrones' Returns
e Amazon Prime Music: unlimited streaming for Prime subscribers
e Crowds pack Universal Orlando for Diagon Alley grand opening
e Kate Middleton: Duchess Of Cambridge Makes Silly Faces In A New Dress
b Netflix is bowing to the inevitable and raising prices
e Lindsay Lohan's Makes Reality TV Debut In 'Lindsay' - Drama, Tears And No  ...
m Does Arizona's anti-abortion law help women?
t Motorola Mobility broke competition rules: European Union executive
e Wishing You and Your Family a Safe Good Friday!
t Musk satisfies appetite for disruption by unleashing every Tesla patent
e Local Man Gets Help With Marriage Proposal From Paul McCartney
m Red Cross to host blood drive at hospital June 30
b Consumers seen springing ahead — for now
e 'My Big Fat Greek Wedding': Original Cast Returning For Sequel Film
e Kim Kardashian gets some serious wedding prep in with a '$550 facial'
b GSK and Novartis agree tie-up deal
t Marquez Smashes Lap Record In Qualifying At Circuit Of The Americas
m Solutions to health rankings in Escambia County
m Air pollution killed seven million people in 2012: WHO
e Spielberg's next movies set: spy thriller, 'BFG
t 'Weed Firm' Tops App Store Charts: Drug-Dealing Game Is Huge Hit
b Irish bank shares fall after Draghi's warning that sector still has problems
t Facebook global 30-minute outage frustates users
b California's Fracking Boom Just Got Busted
b NLRB Rules Vs. McDonald's
b Eleven miners trapped in Honduran gold mine- UPDATED
t Amazon's Kindle Unlimited service is an all-you-can-read buffet for your eyes
e Watch! Game of Thrones episode six promo
m Tennessee cities among the worst for spring allergies
e Ice Cube: I'm no sore loser
e 'The Bachelor' bachelorette Renee Oteri confirms engagement via Instagram photo
b Nikkei slips at break, losing early gains
t Head of AT&T Forecasts Doom for Sprint/T-Mobile Merger
t Oculus just banned Rift sales in China
t iOS 8 beta joins 7.1.2 release window
b EPA and Army Corps of Engineers Clarify Protection for Nation's Streams and  ...
m HHS report: ACA has saved Kansas seniors $10 million in drug costs
t Roanoke skies: New meteor shower may grace skies early Saturday
b Southern, Turner back for more PV
t Obama using data to force focus on climate change
b Indonesia's factory PMI steady at 52.7 in July
b Global warming: Obama plan a job killer
e Pamela Anderson Divorces Again: Husband 'Too Nice And Boring'
b London Report: Morrisons forecast and plans for cuts at Barclays lift FTSE
b Issa to Examine Import-Export Bank Corruption
t Sony Xperia Z1 Compact vs Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini – Specs, Features and Price
e Twitter revamps music strategy
t Snapchat promises of disappearing messages were false
b S.C. jobless rate falls to 6.4 percent in January
b Asia stocks surrender gains before earnings, data
e Selena Gomez Dumps Manager Parents, Seeks New Rep
e Frankie Knuckles Dies At 59: Why He Was The Godfather Of House Music
e Kate Middleton's bare bottom has been photographed, but who has the best  ...
e L'Wren Scott's will odd wording: 'My' Michael Philip Jagger, crosses off 'never'
e Jimmy Kimmel Disguises Drake to Smack Talk Drake With Strangers (Video)
e 'Game of Thrones' Video: Joffrey's Greatest Hits (And Slaps)
e Kanye West Compares the Paparazzi to Rapists in On-Stage Rant
b Asian Manufacturing Picks Up In June
e David Fincher & Sony Part Ways on Planned Steve Jobs Biopic
t Big Bang then Big Spurt
b Microsoft's quarterly results beat investor expectations
b Another GM recall: 1.18M SUVs for air bag issue - WFSB 3 Connecticut
b Fitch affirms Nigeria at 'BB-'; Outlook Stable
t Install Android apps on your BB10 phone with Amazon App Store
e Mila Kunis is pregnant
m Risky Drinking
t Against the Wall, Governments and Others Buy XP Support
m No more smoking at Metro State
t PM/AM: Godzilla Earth, King of Planets
t Google Posts Q1 Earnings for 2014 – Revenue Hits $15.4 Billion, Up 19% Year  ...
b Intuit to buy Check Inc for $360 mln
m VIDEO: US Alzheimer's rate seems to be dropping, study shows
m Heading home to Minnesota, man dies from Ebola in Nigerian hospital
b Disney's Earnings Aren't Frozen
e 24: Live Another Day Is Everything You Want It to Be, Perhaps Too Much So
t Apple's profit climbs again, but cracks are showing
b EU preparing touch restrictions for high-frequency trading
b Nigeria's president blames northeast governors
b Why Darden Restaurants (DRI) Stock Is Lower This Morning
b US Government Deficit To Shrink By 27 Percent In 2014: Report
e George Clooney's ex Stacy Kiebler gets married
t Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Fit
e Disney races to restock Frozen merchandise
e Our Love: Remembering Frankie Knuckles, 1955-2014
e Film Review: Sabotage
m This Dove Ad Is Garbage
m FDA preps long-awaited guidelines to reduce salt in food
e Daily dish
e Chris Brown Trial Could Start Any Day
b NLRB Damages McDonald's Franchise Model By Piercing The Corporate Veil
e Watch: Emma Stone & Andrew Garfield Can't Kiss Normally on 'SNL'
t Microsoft to Lay Off Thousands, Half Nokia
m Gilead Sciences Just Went From Bad to Worse (GILD)
b Wal-Mart Just Joined the List of Companies Trying to Kill GameStop
t OK Google, tell me how to have an original thought
m Kaiser Permanente Pharmacists Could Strike As Early As Monday
e 'American Idol' Recap: Finalists Take On Top 10 Hits With Mixed Results
e One Direction hearthrob Zayn Malik spotted at Lowry hotel ahead of Etihad gig
t Even NASA Has Become a Big Fan of Selfies
b Medtronic buys Covidien for $42.9B
t Tesla (NASDAQ: TSLA) Releases Patents to the Public
e Local church motivates followers to shed weight
e 'DWTS' Maksim & Meryl Fuel Dating Rumors With Cozy Night Out
t Tesla offers Model S fix to prevent fires
b Gas Prices Break Record Number Of Days Above $3 Gallon
b Memorial Day travelers projected to rise 1.5 percent, AAA says
e Willow Smith's Controversial Photo in Bed with 20-Year Old Actor
e Kourtney Kardashian & Kids Jet To Kim's Wedding
t Verizon and US Cellular Samsung Galaxy S5 To Come With Anti-theft Features
e Nick Carter marries Lauren Kitt but younger brother Aaron doesn't make it
b Fears of the rise of the far-right may be overblown. What tied voters together was  ...
e Game of Thrones Creator to Fans Worried He'll Die Before Finishing Series: 'F  ...
e Sapphires actress to play Elsa from Frozen
b Fed's Yellen says future could hold more zero lower bound episodes
e Kardashian V. Jenner: Paris Beauty Battle Before Kim's Wedding
e Beyonce, Jay Z Unveil Wedding Video During On The Run Tour
t Office for iPad already climbing App Store
t Google Reportedly Launching Set-Top Box Called Android TV
e First official teaser trailer released for The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies -
b Tokyo stocks open flat
t Pioneer Continues to “Elevate Your Sound Experience” with Dolby Atmos  ...
e Jay-Z physically attacked by Beyoncé's sister, Solange, in elevator after Met Gala  ...
b Herbalife Probed by US Regulators Over 'Pyramid Scheme'
e Bryan Singer To Skip X-Men: Days Of Future Past WonderCon Panel
e Jennifer Lopez praises Versace
e Box-office preview: 'Tammy,' 'Transformers' to light Fourth of July fireworks
e Storm Shield is a life-saving app that is like a NOAA Emergency Weather Radio  ...
e Kim Kardashian to appear on Vogue cover
t VIDEO: Driverless cars are mastering city streets, Google says
m What's your type?
t BIG BROTHER? | Rocky planet twice the size of Earth discovered
b German Business Confidence Falls More Than Expected in June
b No Change In Monetary Policy Anticipated
b The mystery of flight MH370
t How To Protect Your Computer From The 'Zeus' Virus
t US, Europe Break Up Huge Computer Extortion Ring
t Google Is Becoming A Car Manufacturer
e Rosemary's Baby Miniseries Review: The Longest Pregnancy Ever
e And You Thought Marrying The Guy From Nickelback Was The Worst Thing Avril  ...
t Walmart now offering iPhone 5s for $49, iPhone 5c for $29 with two-year contract
b Morgan Stanley Sees Good Things Ahead for St. Jude Medical Despite  ...
t Ford Issues 2 Recalls for 400K Units
b Gold Prices Climb Despite Friday's Retreat: Weekly Gold ETF Update
e Hollywood's snub of Brunei-owned hotels over sharia law: Will it backfire?
b Is Danger Zone Inflation a Danger?
b Will The Fed Disappoint The Markets Today?
e Kaley Cuoco Shows Off Fresh New Hairstyle
e 'Mad Men' Season 7, Episode 5: 'The Runaways'
m Pistorius psychiatrist suffers heart attack: report
b Weekly Gasoline Update: Prices Unchanged
t Titanosaurus dinosaur: Not really its name but you get the idea
t Indus River Dolphin Populations Declining Due to River Dams
e Colin Firth is a top super spy AND an Asian magician flirting with Emma Stone
e Sherman Church Holy Week Schedule
e 'The Leftovers' Review Roundup: Justin…
e INTERVIEW/ Ezra Vogel: Japan must continue apologizing for war atrocities
t Apple To Unveil Smartwatch and New iPhones
b Alstom should be a good investment for France, says CEO Kron
b Boeing posts higher adjusted profit, lifts 2014 forecast
b Coca-Cola sells more drinks but soda fizzles
e 'Aaliyah' Biopic's Casting Director Defends Choosing Zendaya For Lead Role  ...
t Ore. AAA: Gas prices may have peaked for year
e Taylor Swift cancels Thailand concert after country came under military rule
t 2015 Nissan Versa Sedan Refreshed For New York
b Daily ETF Watch: New Active Fund Planned
e September 11 museum opens to survivors and relatives
b Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba files for US public offering
e Eminem And Rihanna Set For Huge Performance Of 'The Monster' At MTV Movie  ...
e VIRAL VIDEO: Turlock Teen Channels Michael Jackson
e Sia - Sia Lands Her First Us Number One Album
t 2000 yrs old history of volcanic eruptions rewritten
e Anna Kendrick: Her 5 Best Moments Hosting 'SNL'
b Canada's Inflation Rate Sees Dramatic Growth Amid Energy Price Hikes
e Indio Downey: Robert Downey Jr.'s Son…
b Westchester Gas Prices Could Spike Due To Iraq Unrest
m Now, 'biological pacemakers' from heart's cells
b Tesco's Philip Clarke cannot get by on blind optimism alone
b Activist Bids On Botox Maker Allergan For Billions
e You Don't Know 'Seinfeld': 25 Facts About the Legendary Sitcom
e Fan arrested for breaking into Miley Cyrus' dressing room, leaving note and  ...
t BlackBerry ends licensing deal with T-Mobile US
t Sensors placed to track Arctic ice melt
b Dollar Tree Bids for Family Dollar to Help Compete With Big Retailers
e 'Keeping Up With the Kardashians': Is Kris Jenner or Kim Kardashian hotter?
e Famous fictional wizard Harry Potter back for reunion
t Spoiler Alert: LG spills all the beans for G3 ahead of launch
b Cirrus Logic, Inc. (CRUS) to Acquire Wolfson Microelectronics for $467M
e Melissa McCarthy's husband explains 'Bridesmaids' sandwich sex
e Amazon Reaches HBO Content Deal
t Ringed Asteroid Shocks Science: Smallest Object To Be Seen With Rings Like  ...
t What happened with Tweetdeck?
e Dunham considers retirement because she doesn't like acting
e Pharrell's 'Marilyn Monroe' Video Loaded With Colorful Hats, Sexy Dancers: Watch
t Nokia halts Lumia 2520 tablet sales after a shocking discovery
b Wall Street ends sharply lower on Iraq violence
e Bachelorette spoilers 2014: Andi Dorfman is engaged, says Reality Steve (Photo)
m Saudi Arabia Mers data review shows big jump in number of deaths
e Zac Efron attacked during crazy Skid Row brawl: car breaks down, 'intoxicated  ...
t Microsoft latest US tech target in Beijing
b Piketty rejects 'ridiculous' allegations of data flaws
b ANALYSIS: Decoding FCA's future model plans
t Microsoft Now Owns Nokia's Smartphone Business
b Dollar General Discounted as CEO Prepares to Retire
e Logan Lerman On Emma Watson & Noah's Most Shocking Moments
t PlayStation Network Recovering From A Cyberattack
b Amazon Shares Rise As Sales Growth Remains Strong
t For one night only – Ibsen classic gets the Dolby Atmos treatment
m Two expats die of MERS in Jeddah Fears rise over spread of virus
b Wall Street Jumps on Solid Citi Earnings
t Support ends for Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT)'s Windows XP
t Amazon enters smartphone market with Fire phone: 4.7in Amazon phone has  ...
t Fabien Cousteau ends undersea mission
b Panasonic sheds units to reach big sales goal
t Sen. Cornyn 'disappointed' by Obama's lesser prairie-chicken decision
t California approved Self-driving cars
t Biz Break: Apple and Google knocking on door of smart homes, reports say
m Responsible Drug Collection/Disposal Programs in Skokie
m Priceless: Teen with Down syndrome finds out he's going to college
b Taco Bell "Guess who loves Taco Bell's new breakfast" (2014) :30 (USA)
e Box Office: Scarlett Johansson's One-Two Punch
b Philips announces spin-off of car lights unit
b Amazon now allows users to add items to their shopping basket using Twitter
e Gaga wears sheer outfit for b'day bash
b Flight 370: Australian PM 'Confident' Signals Are From 'Black Box'; Officials Play  ...
t Report: Apple Wants To Make The iPhone The Hub For Your Smart Home
b Herbalife surprised by FTC probe; investigation expected to last a year or more  ...
b China's March PPI Down 2.3 Percent
t If Nintendo's Lines Were Always This Big, Wii U Could Outsell PlayStation 4
t eBay hacked, asks 145m users to change passwords
e Who Is Harry Potter At Age 34?
e Japan, North Korea closing in on new talks: Tokyo
t Some Privacy, Please? Facebook, Under Pressure, Gets the Message
b US home price gains slow in May
b GoPro Files for IPO as Sales Near $1 Billion
e 'The Walking Dead' finale spoilers: Why is Terminus too good to be true?
t United Arab Emirates to create space agency, send unmanned probe to Mars
e Paul McCartney Cancels Tour Dates After Being Hospitalized (VIDEO)
e Drake Sang 'Let It Go' As Manny Pacquaio
e Easter Week Events
b High fees eroding many 401(k) retirement accounts, study says
t nDreams invites Oculus Rift and Project Morpheus to attend The Assembly
t Images and specs of Moto E
b FOREX-Euro struggles after German data, nears 2-year low vs sterling
b RBS might be forced out of an independent Scotland
b Our View: Congress should ease the burden of student loans
b New York sues Barclays for fraud over dark pool (BCS)
e LOOK Breaking news, Hello Kitty is not a cat
e Michelle Obama Inaugurates New Anna Wintour Location
b Eurozone April Inflation Fails to Dispel Deflation Concerns
t Apple settles with US states on e-book price-fix
e French Montana May Be Fooling Around Behind Khloe Kardashian's Back
t Spaceship with 3-man crew docks at space station - WHLT 22 Connecting the  ...
t Panasonic commits to Tesla Gigafactory partnership
b Amazon Pays Employees Up to $5000 to Quit
t Nexus 5 vs Samsung Galaxy S4 vs HTC One: Triangle feature comparison
e Peaches Geldof's hubby 'to bring up sons with mom in hearts everyday'
t Sony recalls Vaio laptops over fire risk
b Genentech agrees to acquire Seragon Pharmaceuticals
b Shot Ukrainian mayor hospitalized in Israel
b What You'll Pay for Memorial Day Travel Gas
e AMERICAN IDOL Finale Recap: Two Heavyweights Slug it Out on Enjoyable  ...
b Merck to sell consumer care biz to Bayer for $14.2 bn
t Tampa woman being tailgated whips out her iPhone, records unexpected ending
b While Amazon Dreams Of Drones And Phones, Google Attacks With Trucks And  ...
b In coal country, news of another rule taking aim at coal greeted warily
b Greece wants no 3rd bailout, euro zone hopeful but cautious
t Nokia Lumia 635 vs. Moto G (4G) – Specifications, Release Date and Price  ...
e Selena Gomez opens up on rehab stint
b Housing's turnaround may have arrived — with some caveats
m West Nile still cause for concern
t Report: Amazon Set to Launch Its First Smartphone on Wednesday
b Fix Proposed for Health Insurance Website
b Public transit systems in Ky. see ridership losses
b Australian satellite spots possible debris of missing plane
b US STOCKS-Futures point to flat open with indexes at records
t Android phone banking app leaves 86 percent of users open to hack: report
e Paleyfest 2014: 'Mad Men' Cast Interviews
b Citigroup may pay $7 billion to resolve US mortgage probes: source
b Tim Hortons and Burger King confirm talks
t Comcast Says Netflix Slowed Down Its Own Streams
t Marine Patrol Gears Up for Operation Dry Water June 27-29
e The Hits & Misses of the CFDA Awards Red Carpet
m Consumer Reports ranks DC area's best hospitals
e Miley Cyrus Hospitalized from Allergic Reaction
t Report: Google Might Invest in Branson's Virgin Galactic
b Georgia's jobless rate rises to 7.2 percent in May
t Twitter acquires data startup Gnip for an undisclosed sum
m Panel backs potential "three-parent" IVF babies
e 'Godfather' Cinematographer Gordon Willis Dies at 82
e Gwen Stefani on 'The Voice' -- Taking Christina Aguilera's Seat as Judge
e Kimye are officially married!
m State Lawmakers Consider Adding E-Cigarettes to Smoking Ban
m Boston Marathon Innovation: New P.A. System At Water Stops
t Report: Destiny costs Activision $500 million to develop and promote
m Guinea issues bushmeat warning after Ebola outbreak
t Wi-Fi hotspot grab coming to a city near you
m High school kids are moving away from cigarettes and TV — but they have a few  ...
e 'Transformers' proves it's not extinct at box office
t Oil companies forfeit Arctic drilling rights
t Has NASA discovered a new Earth?
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West's Italy Wedding: Top 5 Highlights
m Girl who shaved head to support friend fighting cancer, allowed back to school
t The EU's "Right to be Forgotten" Starts to Take Concrete Shape
t NASA IRIS spies monster coronal mass eruption: Solar flare was a doozy
b US jobless claims fall by 2000
e Lee's Review: "Rio 2"
m WHO: Ebola Outbreak Spreading Amongst African Villages
e Celebrity Buzz: Paul McCartney returns; Kanye West booed off stage
b HP settlement still needs court approval
t 'Facebook manipulated emotions'
e Jason Bateman gets nasty in 'Bad Words'
e Warrant issued for singer Anita Baker
b Gold Fundamental Analysis June 24, 2014 Forecast
t Watch Dogs 1.01 patch on PS4, PC
e Neil Young's Pono hi-fi music player revealed: $400 for 128 GB, no DRM
m New study shows running a few minutes each day improves heart health, can  ...
b Ukraine, Russia And The Nonexistent US Oil And Natural Gas
e How To Train Your Dragon 2: Dark sequel has few hiccups but soars with sharp  ...
t Yahoo! Stock Rises on Alibaba Promise
e 10 Things to Know for Wednesday - 18 June 2014
e Are Miley Cyrus And Justin Bieber Feuding? Cyrus Posts Instagram Picture  ...
t Activision Blizzard invested $500 million on Bungie's Destiny game series
t United Airlines preparing iOS-exclusive in-flight movie service, rolling out next  ...
b US economy shrank 2.9% in Q1 GDP; US loosens ban on oil exports; Google I/O  ...
e Chappelle Talks About Prince, Meeting Kanye
e Miley Cyrus ill, postpones US tour, resumes in August
b UCLA's Pauley Pavilion drenched in hoops history
b LGBT Equality: Burger King Unveils the Rainbow-Wrapped Whopper
t Forecast: Meteor shower tonight!
m How Boozy Is Your Drink?
b Judge tosses discrimination suit by female bankers over 'Boys Club' book
b 2nd LD Writethru: IMF lowers U.S. growth forecast to 2 percent in 2014
e Seth Meyers to Host Emmys
m Lawmakers Aim To Restrict Guns for Mentally Ill After Shooting
e Glastonbury: Dolly Parton big clean up Worthy Farm Michael Eavis
b Flipkart to acquire Myntra stake
t Google Turns To Ray-Ban And Oakley To Make 'Glass' Beautiful
e Want This New . . . Ummm . . . Idea? Potato Salad
b Hong Kong defies Beijing with a consultation on universal suffrage
e Game of Thrones season 4 finale gains most viewers ever
m Infertility Problems Double Risk of Death among Men
t New MLB 14 The Show Trailer for the PlayStation 4 Released
t How to watch the total lunar eclipse tonight
t Weather may disrupt tonight's meteor shower
b Japan and Australia sign off on trade ahead of new Pacific deal
b Eurostar delays as passengers are evacuated
t Tesla launches Model S in UK, says Euro factory could be upcoming [w/video]
e Arch Campbell: Preview of Monday night's Emmy Awards
e First Look at 'The Flash' Full Costume Unveiled
e Levi Strauss CEO: Stop washing your jeans
b S&P Dow Jones Indices Announces Treatment of CBS Corp. Split-off in S&P 500  ...
b Hillshire buying Birds Eye, Vlasic
e “22 Jump Street” Beats “How to Train Your Dragon 2″ With $60M Opening  ...
e Garfield-Stone chemistry saves Spider-Man 2
t 'Lizard Squad' says it carried out network intrusion in order to highlight  ...
b Gold down modestly, but holds above $1300 on Iraq turmoil
b Retailers stung by fall in bling sales
m 10 Things to Know for Today
b Daiichi Sankyo: To Hold 9% Stake in Sun Pharma After Ranbaxy Deal
b Cracks Start Showing in Libya's Oil Recovery
b UPDATE 4-Pilgrim's bid for Hillshire puts Pinnacle deal in peril
m 33 FL Hospitals Rank in US News Report
b CNBC Fed Survey: CNBC's Steve Liesman: Geopolitical Uncertainty Clouds  ...
b Gold Lower As Market Eye Hints On Fed Policy
t Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Brushes Off Growth Deceleration Concerns; Retorts  ...
b Citigroup stumbles in Fed's annual stress test
e Charlie Sheen Picked a Twitter Fight with Rihanna, Lost
m WHO: comprehensive inter-country response needed to tackle Ebola outbreak
e Sen. Chuck Schumer uses Tracy Morgan wreck to push black boxes
b FAA hits Southwest Airlines with $12 million fine over aircraft repair
e Nobel Prize-winning South African author Nadine Gordimer dies at 90
b 1ST LEAD Hollande ponders National Front European election upset By Clare  ...
e Awesomeness guaranteed in Hunger Games' teaser trailer
b Fed's Bullard Not Worried by GDP Drop
t IBM announces landmark partnership with Apple, to bring business apps for  ...
e Ghostbusters 3: Director Ivan Reitman leaves after Harold Ramis's death
e New Kids on the Block Launching Reality Show Cruise
b Norfolk Southern railroad to report 1Q earnings
b UPDATE: Malaysian Plane Crashes in Eastern Ukraine
t The FCC is so swamped with net neutrality comments, it's extending the deadline
m Google X gathering medical data to build picture of health
m If You Thought the Paraplegic World Cup Opening Kick Was Amazing, You Have  ...
t Discovery of Bee Fossils in La Brea Tar Pits Offer New Information about Ice Age  ...
e Jagger gets on up to pay tribute to the Godfather of Soul
e The Best & Worst Moments From The Finale Of “The Bachelor”
t Hackers attack PlayStation, 'World of Warcraft' networks
e Jimmy Fallon debuts new Brian Williams rap
b Barclays profit falls on fixed-income slump
b Worst day for Nasdaq since 2011; Dow drops 260 points
b Camera Upstart GoPro Reveals IPO Plans
e Judge Joe Brown Released From Jail
b Euro zone economy to grow 1.2% this year and 1.7% next year
b 3rd largest Twitter population in India by Dec 2014
t Sneaky study indicates Facebook emotions are contagious
e This potato salad guy on Kickstarter has just won the Internet
e Captain America star Chris Evans NOT quitting acting: 'By no means am I  ...
t AMZN: Amazon Says It's NOT Planning Free Streaming Service
t Once bitter rivals, Apple and IBM team up to transform enterprise mobility
b Chrysler U.S. sales climb 20 percent in July
m Restaurants Pose Twice the Risk of Foodborne Outbreaks as Homes, CSPI Data  ...
t GM Recalls Outnumber Six Years of Sales
e Yahoo adds to TV slate
e Fincher passes on Steve Jobs film and other news from April 14, 2014
e New Trailer and Poster for The Rock's 'Hercules'
t General Motors Recalls 662656 Additional Vehicles
b Tim Hortons could be bought - by Burger King
b Yahoo posts stronger-than-expected profit
t Apple says iCloud not compromised in Australian ransom scheme
b Gazprom says China, Russia sign 30-year, $400B natural gas supply deal
m Study Shows Daylight Saving Time May Cause Heart Attacks
b SanDisk Purchases Fusion-io for $1.1B in Cash
e TI, Floyd Mayweather Get Into Fight In Las Vegas
e First Look at 'Star Wars Episode VII' Abu Dhabi Set And Alien Creature
m Pet treats from overseas become outlawed
m Merck: Hepatitis C Drug Shows 98% Cure Rate in Mid-Stage Trial -- Update
b Sales of new US homes up 6.4 per cent in April; rate of buying still slower than in  ...
m FDA Outlines Nanotechnology Policy
b Warren Buffett denies he plans to take Coca-Cola private
b China accuses US of 'hypocrisy, double standards' on cybercrime
e Orphan Black Season 1: Where to Watch it Online
t NASA launches CO2-tracking satellite
e Harrison Ford Injury Update: 'Star Wars Episode 7' Actor May Have Suffered  ...
e Must See: Emma Watson Throwback Photos From Her First US Premiere
e Disney Star (Wisely) Bails on Aaliyah Biopic, Halting Production
t Astronomers Find Mega Planet termed “Godzilla of Earths”
b Loss on Wall Street spooks Asian markets
t Zebra Stripe Mystery Solved, Researchers Say
b GasBuddy Sees Record Price Diversity as Memorial Day Weekend Approaches
e Amazon to launch music streaming service
b German top court dismisses ESM complaints
e Rolling Stones play first '14 on Fire' tour dates after L'Wren Scott's suicide
e Adam Richman's Man Finds Food Postponed After His Repulsive Instagram Rant
e Japanese pop group AKB48 cancels fan events after saw-wielding man injures  ...
b Chrysler May US sales top analysts' expectations
b Airbus Patent Reveals Plans For Uncomfortable-looking Seats
e Multiple 'Game of Thrones' movies a possibility
b Rana Plaza one year on
m Labor Department Cuts Coal Dust Levels
m Liberia president vows to prosecute anyone caught hiding suspected Ebola  ...
e How the Sexual Progressivism of 'True Blood' Imploded on Itself
t Solar flares may be cause of radio interruption
e Fox Announces “Prince Harry” Dating Show
t Zuckerberg: Microsoft and Sony are no match for Facebook and Oculus
e Frankie Knuckles described as 'gentleman genius'
t Digitimes Research: Microsoft facing difficulties in 3 major segments
m Mathematical model can help you overcome jet-lag faster
m Will Government Regulation Vaporize E-Cigarettes?
b China blames Vietnam for oil-rig collisions
b Obamacare website stalls briefly ahead of enrollment deadline
b World stock markets subdued ahead of holiday
t siliconANGLE » Apple turns up developer appeal with Swift programming  ...
t In Lead-up to July's FCC Meeting, Agency Laid Groundwork for Supportive Vote  ...
m Bill Gates Is Gonna Turn Your Birth Control on With a Remote
b American Airlines Says Storms Cut First-Quarter Revenue
b Ex-envoy says time for Vietnam to raise Chinese rig issue to UN
b Teacher Tenure Challenge Spreads From California To New York
e How the Rock Hall decides which bandmates get in
t George Akerlof: Impose Uniform Tax on Carbon Emissions to Fight Global  ...
t Google Glass Available to Public in One-Day Sale Tuesday
e Rolf Harris guilty: More alleged victims come forward
t Moto 360 Smartwatch Could Feature A Premium Price Tag
b Searchers confident signals are from missing plane, Australian PM says
e Foo Fighters' Dave Grohl To Direct HBO Album Documentary
e Kim Kardashian's Thoughts on Racism
b Video shows close call between planes at Barcelona airport
m VIDEO: 40-Year-Old Deaf and Blind Woman Hears for the First Time
e Victoria Beckham Shares Amazing Wedding Anniversary Instagram
m Saudi announces new MERS death
t Harvard scientists find ripples of Big Bang in ancient light
e Pam Anderson gives speech on past sexual abuse
b US consumer incomes and spending rise in February
e Frozen Becomes Number One Animated Film Of All Time
t Boot up: Fire Phone reactions, Track Changes online, Surface Mini lives!
b Daum and Kakao to Merge
e Grant Gustin is bloody and bruised as he films scene for spin-off The Flash
m Good news for those with diabetes
t How LG's G3 plans to break the iPhone-Galaxy S stranglehold
t Bing introduces 'right to be forgotten' forms for EU web users
e Declare Your Independence with this New Dawn of the Planet of the Apes  ...
t Satya Nadella the New Microsoft CEO Speaks at the Code Conference
t Amazon Discusses Everything but the Phone in Lead-Up to Phone Launch
e What: 50th Anniversary Screening of "A Hard Day's Night"
b Anthropologie And Free People Brands Lift Urban Outfitters Profit And Revenue
t Here Are The Apps Apple Just Killed With iOS 8
b McDonald's Workers' Protest For Increased Wages Near HQ Results In The  ...
b More People Rode Public Transit Last Year Than Any Time In The Last 60 Years
b Stocks Lower Despite Upbeat Data; GoPro Captures More Gains
e Fourth season of 'Thrones' starts April 6
b Don't Let The City Mislead You About Barclays PLC
e Shailene Woodley talks sunbathing her vagina, other secrets
t State to notify 1.3 million of computer hacking
b J.C. Penney Stock: Delaying the Inevitable Flop
e Willow Smith, 13, Photographed In Bed With Moises Arias, 20, Outrages Fans
b Chicago among many Illinois cities needing state help to fix pension crises | The  ...
b Hedge fund settles SEC case over whistleblower retaliation
t Aereo's Rumpelstiltskin Gambit doesn't fool court
e The Top 4 Things We Learned From the World Premiere of X-Men: Days of  ...
e Vogue Kardashian cover 'controversial'
b US STOCKS-Wall St lower as consumer discretionary stocks drag
e Robert Redford Tries To Free Aim Activist, And It Has Nothing To Do With  ...
e Hotel Fires Person Who Recorded Jay Z Attack Video
e Julia Roberts opens up about her half-sister's death
e Director Randall Miller Indicted in Fatal Train Crash on Allman Biopic Set
e Jodie Foster Married Her Partner Alexandra Hedison Over The Weekend
b King Stumbles Out Of the Gate
e '22 Jump Street' tops weekend box office with $57 million; 'Dragon' follows with  ...
e 'Game of Thrones' star Rose Leslie says her sex scene 'needed to happen'
b Health law supporters gear up for last enrollment push
e Final "X-Men: Days of Future Past" Trailer Debuts
e The Most Important Thing That Has Ever Happened on &quot;True Blood&quot;
e Why Billy Dee Williams Couldn't Say No to 'Dancing With the Stars'
e Rolf Harris guilty of sex attacks
e Dave Chappelle has a 'Kanye moment' with Jimmy Fallon
e Allison Williams to Play Peter Pan in 'Peter Pan Live' for NBC!
e Orphan Black Sneak Peek, Season 2, Episode 5: Felix Is in Danger!
t The Most Heartwarming Moment From Yesterday's Groundbreaking Physics  ...
e Brad Pitt Leads Tank Platoon in WWII Movie Fury: Watch the Trailer
t See Skylanders Trap Team's new Trap Masters, villains and portal in action
e Miley Cyrus reveals new 'sad kitty' tattoo on inside of her lip
b Asia: Tokyo rallies as investors digest Tankan confidence survey
e MMVA 2014 Red Carpet: Celebs Arrive For Much Music Video Awards (PHOTOS)
t Tree rings reveal reasons for Genghis Khan's rise
t NASA's future toy: Check out the 2020 Mars rover
b Ukraine's President-Elect Vows to Crush Eastern Rebels
b US bosses' pay crosses $10m in 2013
e Iconic crew delivers in true Muppet style
e See the Colorful, Personalized Coffin for Peaches Geldof's Funeral
b WeSchool matches 11 Swedish renewable energy companies with Indian partners
e NYC mayor 'loves LA' on Jimmy Kimmel
t Amazon's ridiculous photography patent makes Mark Cuban happy
t New Microsoft-Nokia Smartphone is... Android?
e Nicki Minaj Wins Best Female Hip-Hop Artist at BET Awards 2014
t Amazon Set to Debut Streaming Product Next Week
e Justin Bieber, Selena Gomez hug and kiss in public
e What's to Become of 'The Big Bang Theory' Now That There Are Contract  ...
b The Crude Oil Identity
e Spring Breakers: The Second Coming Producers Fire Back At James Franco
e Rob Kardashian Sets The Record Straight On Rumor That He Will Appear On  ...
e The Grand Budapest Hotel Movie Review
t Google in talks to acquire Twitch
b WWE Monday Night Raw: Money in the Bank fallout continues
t Facebook's user manipulation study: Why you should be very afraid
b Candy Crush Owner Aims For £4.75bn Value
e 'Blended' continues a love-hate relationship with Adam Sandler
t Methane Is Discovered Seeping from Seafloor Off East Coast, Scientists Say
b Search for Malaysia Airlines flight shifts by 685 miles as cockpit fire eyed as  ...
e Kanye West Claims Knowledge on Apple-Beats Deal; Touts Jobs as His Influence
e Game of Thrones Season 4 Episode 2 Review "The Lion and the Rose"
b AT&T's $48.5 billion DirecTV acquisition could form 2nd largest US pay TV  ...
t Sony Vaio Fit 11A Recall Because Of Battery Overheating Risk
e Lady Gaga Kicks Off Roseland Ballroom Concerts | News
t Hyundai overstated mileage for revamped sedan
e Three Walking Dead actors upped to series regulars, prolonging their inevitable  ...
b Forex - Australian dollar recovers smartly after HSBC China flash PMI
t Android TV is a reboot of Google TV
m Scientists Clone Stem Cells From Adults For The First Time
t For ATMs, why not Windows 8?
t Government tells GM drivers to keep on trucking
e Super Sweet & 16: Elle Fanning Covers Interview Magazine (PHOTOS)
m FIFA World Cup 2014: 'Iron Man' Paraplegic To Kick First World Cup Ball With  ...
t iPhone 6 (Rumours) vs HTC One M8: Full Metal Jackets
e Game of Thrones By the Book: Daario Brings Comedy Gold; Jon Steps Up
e L'Wren Scott Left Entire Estate to Mick Jagger
b Tired of High Taxes? 4 Ways to Pay Less
t Google Glass By Diane von Furstenberg Now On Sale In US
b Oil trains and safety: Readers weigh in on crude transports through Syracuse  ...
e Experts discover portrait of mystery man beneath Picasso's The Blue Room
b Tax Bill Rescues for the Self-Employed
b Morgan Stanley Sees Good Things Ahead for The Gap
b La Quinta raises more than $651M from initial public offering of common stock
b GameStop Revenue Up Seven Percent
t GM's Top Lawyer To Advise CEO On Capitol Hill
t Dr Dre joins Apple as $3bn buyout of Beats Electronics is confirmed
b Time Warner rejects bid from rival Fox
t Edward Snowden tells SXSW he would 'absolutely' leak NSA documents again  ...
t 'Halo 5: The Guardians' for Xbox One, Halo TV series announced by Microsoft
b ​TEPCO under-calculated radiation exposure for 142 Fukushima workers
e Ultimate Warrior Dead - WWE Planning Multiple Tributes to Wrestling Legend
e Tom Brady and Gisele Bündchen Selling LA Estate for a Cool $50 Mil
e Bryan Singer's Rape Accuser Involved In “Social Justice Documentary” About  ...
e Russell Crowe takes to Dublin red carpet
t Why One Broadcast CEO Is Ripping the Proposed Comcast-Time Warner Cable  ...
t UN warns global warming changes “irreversible”
e Weird Al's 'Word Crimes' is the video every grammar nerd has been waiting for
e 'Once Upon a Time' Casts 'Frozen' Roles
t Facebook Told Not To Mess With WhatsApp Privacy Settings
t As Saturn Slips Behind the Moon (Op-Ed)
b SanDisk drops $1.1 billion to buy Fusion-io
t Five possible reasons why Apple-Beats deal is delayed: Report
t The Bang In The Big Bang
m Tulsa Ranked Near Top Of Worst Cities For Spring Allergies
e Jonah Hill in Hot Water After Using Anti-Gay Slur at Paparazzo and then Quickly  ...
b USD/JPY around 101.50 on US Dollar Weakness
t Google, the Populist?
m Sovaldi, a new pill for hepatitis C, cures the liver-wasting disease; but it's costly
e Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Desperately Trying For Baby #2
m Saudi Arabia halts Guinea, Liberia pilgrim visas over Ebola
t The iPhone 6 could look like THIS
t New Earth-Size Planet Spotted In Milky Way
t EBay Breach: Do I Need to Change My Password?
t SpaceX supply launch may be delayed
t Office For iPad: Full 365 Package Don't Come Cheap
e Did Led Zeppelin rip off part of "Stairway to Heaven"?
t PS4 Update News: Massive Change Coming For Next-Gen Console! Find Out  ...
t Microsoft Surface mini coming? May 20 event announced
m Marin Again Ranked Healthiest County in CA, But Substance Abuse Still a  ...
m Guinea reports one additional Ebola death
e Australia reacts to Rolf Harris conviction
t OnePlus One phone and its swappable covers leak out in new pictures
e Gary Oldman Makes Onscreen Apology on Jimmy Kimmel Live for Anti-Semitic  ...
m Insufficient vitamin D linked to prostate cancer in blacks
b Pfizer chasing AstraZeneca
b Japan reverses nuclear power policy
b No Inversion Is Not Unpatriotic. Yes We Need Corporate Tax Reform
t LG G3 and G Watch AT&T availability announced
b Where am I? > Home > Business > The economic risks of climate ...
b Kraft Recalls Cottage Cheese Due to Impromper Storage
t Moto 360: This Is Motorola's Slick Android Wear Powered Smartwatch
m Detroit packing company recalls 1.8M pounds of ground beef
e L'Wren Scott's Sister: Mick Jagger "Hijacked" "Fake Showbiz" Funeral
b Ford Motor's (F) May 2014 U.S. Sales Conference Call (Transcript) (F)
b GM recalls 3.2 million more US cars for ignition problems
e The Wrap Up: '50 Shades of Grey' Reveals its First Official Still
e 'American Idol' Runner-Up Jena Irene: Caleb Johnson is My Prom Date
t Google acquires streaming music service Songza over the coming month
m ANALYSIS-How to fix U.S. biosecurity leaks? Close some labs
b Uber IPO: Issues Facing the $10 Billion Driver-On-Demand App
t HP launches the 7 Plus tablet for only $99.99
e Victims of Santa Barbara rampage mourned
t Harley Davidson Unveils The First Electric Motorcycle (Video)
b Kingfisher FY13 Profit Up, Proposes Higher Dividend; Shares Rise
t NHTSA investigating Chrysler over ignition switches in minivans, Jeep SUVs
t HTC One (M8) Video Drop Test, Scratch Test With Knives and Hammers Plus a  ...
t Twitter worm spawns thousands of retweets
m DeLauro Calls for Briefing on Beef Recalled for Mad Cow Potential
b Shell to sell most of stake in Australia's Woodside for $5.7 billion
t Galaxy Tab S vs. iPad Air: How Samsung's latest tablet stacks up
b Nokia announces reorganisation and new CEO
e Garth Brooks concert licences 'cannot be fast-tracked'
b Fed: Economy shows modest progress
e 'Bears' paints an inspiring portrait of Alaskan wildlife
b Carney to answer questions on currency union
t NASA Curiosity Rover Celebrates One Martian Year Since Landing on the Red  ...
t HTC One Mini 2 Image Leak Shows Only Single Rear Camera Set-Up
t Tesco Hudl 2 Android Tablet Launching In September, Hudl Phones Soon After
e Bieber can't remember coming to Australia
b RAF's F-35 Jet Misses Planned Air Show Debut
e Prayers, fasting mark Good Friday
t Miniscule shrew discovered in Namibia, third sengi discovery in the last decade
e Frank Ocean Says He "Might Skip On Coachella" To Finish Album
e Selena Gomez and Orlando Bloom: Selena turns non-Blieber overnight?
m Official: Deadly MERS virus could come to St. Louis
e '22 Jump Street's' Jonah Hill loves mixing it up
b Oil spills into Lake Michigan after BP Whiting refinery malfuction-report
e Review: 'Muppets Most Wanted' 4 stars
e 'Star Wars Episode 7' News: Another Actress Joins The Cast With Small Detail  ...
e Officials: No survivors expected in plane crash
m Ebola cases could exceed 20000, WHO says
e 'How to Train Your Dragon 2' surpasses original
b Sterling soars, housebuilders tumble and borrowers ask about fixed-rates - the  ...
e Disney darling Zendaya to play Aaliyah in biopic
t Obama's emissions plan could boost climate talks - KTVN Channel 2 - Reno  ...
b More Than 80 Percent Who Signed Up For Insurance Have Paid
t Apple recalls iPhone 5s for battery woes
e Did extreme dieting kill Peaches Geldof?
e Harrison Ford injury to halt 'Star Wars' for 2 weeks
e Print me your ear: Team 3D print Van Gogh's infamous ear
e Marcus Grodd reportedly gets engaged during 'Bachelor in Paradise'
e Colin Firth and Emma Stone spark chemistry in 'Magic in the Moonlight' trailer
m iPad, other electronics could cause rashes
e The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back  ...
t Microsoft (MSFT) : Xbox One Sells 5 Million Units
b UK manufacturing growth slows to lowest level for a year in July
e Sinister Six And Venom Movies To Be Released Before Amazing Spider-Man 4
e Game of Thrones season 4 episode 6 – Murder trial outcome
t GM Offers Loaners, Cash, To Owners Of Recalled Compacts
b Bill would eliminate Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac
t Construction underway for EverBank Field enhancements
m State Releases Data on Birth Defect Investigation
b Oil Price Steady As Investors Eye Iraq
m Justina Pelletier being returned to her parents Wednesday
b Wheat, corn steady after slide as USDA report looms
e Kim Kardashian Posts Throwback Thursday Photos With Kourtney, Bruce Jenner
e 'Sharknado 2' sets social media record, devours Twitter
e Justin Bieber Crashes Drake Bell's Album Release Party Justin Bieber Crashes  ...
t New IPCC report on climate change focuses on managing risks
e Nicki Minaj Like You've Never Seen Her Before
b This Is Exactly How Bad Things Have Gotten for Red Lobster
m Functioning of aged brains and muscles in mice made younger
t Decisive new evidence makes delay catastrophic
m Oh baby: Scientists find protein that lets egg and sperm hook up
m The Data Is Clear: Vaccines Are Safe, Effective and Do Not Cause Autism
b Despite big jump in food prices, inflation remained tame last month
b Credit Suisse case called warning to foreign banks believed to help Americans  ...
e Review - 'Guardians Of The Galaxy' Is Rock 'N Roll Sci-Fi Brilliance
e Actor David Arquette proposes days after ex-wife Courteney Cox gets engaged
t HTC One M8 vs LG G3
m Dove's Beauty Patch Experiment Wants You to Embrace What You Have
t Fabien Cousteau ends 31-day living experiment in undersea laboratory
t Of Course The FCC's Website Is Crashing, But You Can Still Leave A Comment  ...
m Facebook spreads your emotions like they're a contagion
e Anthony of 'Opie and Anthony' Fame Fired For Twitter Rant
t Huawei Ascend P7 debuts with iPhone-like design and customized Android OS
t Tesla Superchargers Closing In On 100 In US
t Wireless companies put up more 'stealth' cellphone towers
b Missing Malaysia Airlines MH370: Pilot's Flight Simulator Data Deleted
t Apple Reveals Low-Cost iMac Starting At $1099: 4 New Changes To Expect  ...
e Lindsay Lohan Strips Down to Bikini, Falls in Cocktail Dress at Film Festival  ...
e Kristen Bell Takes 'Veronica Mars' Promo to New York City
b Alibaba discloses revenue growth is picking up again as Chinese company  ...
b Alibaba to take stake in Singapore Post for S$312.5 million
t GM's Latest Recall Has Echoes of Earlier Ignition Defect
e Kit Harrington's Contract Forbids Him Cutting His Hair
t Cost of fighting warming `modest,` says UN panel
e Lindsay Lohan Reveals Miscarriage During OWN Show Taping
e Garfield 'will write a book about Stone'
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's guest list is out; who has RSVP'ed no?
e James Rebhorn Dies: Carrie's Dad In 'Homeland' Dead At 65
t E3: Video game industry takes breath before wave of blockbusters
e Neil Young unveils high-definition music player
t Amazon Raises The Curtain On A Fire Of Its Own
b GBP to USD Exchange Rate climbs to fresh five year high
t Samsung's anti-theft smartphones
b Why Has Trading Volume Decreased on Stock Market
e Two Sides Of Colin Firth In Kingsman And Magic In The Moonlight Trailers
e NEW YORK (AP) — Kristin Cavallari and Jay Cutler have added another boy to  ...
e ABC's Robin Roberts as guest judge on 'Dancing with the Stars' in a new round  ...
t Sacramento Gas Prices on the Rise Again
e What a lucky gene pool! Mila Kunis and Ashton Kutcher expecting first child
t Josh Freed: In today's wired world, it's hard to escape being spied upon
b Goodbye Orbitz: American Airlines Stops Posting Fares On Travel Website
t New Netflix users to pay $1 more for service
t Nasa Reveals 'Global Selfie' Blue Marble Mosaic Created for Earth Day Campaign
b Crude prices pick up over fears of Nigeria supply disruptions
m Michelle Obama blasts Repubs: Weakening school nutrition rules is 'unacceptable'
e Lena Dunham Hosting 'SNL': 'Scandal,' Nakedness and More!
e BACK AGAIN, AGAIN
b Honeywell Tops Profit Estimates on Factory-Gear Demand
e Christopher Nolan's Fingerprints Are All Over 'Transcendence'
t Nintendo Probably Can't Save the Wii U
m High atmospheric carbon 'significantly reduces' nutrients in most important crops
e Selena Gomez - Selena Gomez Has Arabic Tattoo
m UN: Asia's demand drove meth production to record levels
e Cannes '14, Day Five: Cronenberg does Lynch doing Richard Kelly
t 'Blood Moon' Viewing Early Tuesday
t Xbox One Update for July
b China June trade data misses forecasts, doubts over economy linger
b Crude oil futures sink as global supplies remain strong
e Zara yanks kid's shirt resembling Holocaust uniform
e Nicki Minaj Throws Shade, Says She Almost Died in Bizarre Acceptance Speech  ...
m Back pain tops table of disabilities
e Lena Dunham Talks First Date With Jack Antonoff + Her Life-Changing  ...
e Obama talks Obamacare on 'Ellen'
e Bobby Womack, soul legend, dies
e Marriage over? It's time for a PR war
b Grieving borrowers told to repay student loan in full
b Candy Crush maker King valued at over $7bn
e Michael Strahan Introduced as 'Good Morning America' Correspondent (Watch)
m Iran reports first MERS cases weeks before Ramadan
e Britney Spears Sued for Breaking Dancer's Nose
e Country music singer Kevin Sharp dies at age 43 after complications from past  ...
b Credit Suisse pays $885m to settle US mortgage case
b UK Central Bank Chief: Rates Could Rise Sooner than Expected
e Rows over sex abuse, infidelity and his £11m fortune: How Rolf Harris's strained  ...
e Justin Bieber dedicates 'Boyfriend' song to Selena Gomez at SXSW
b France's BNP pleads guilty, to pay $9 bln in US sanctions case
b Occupy Central thumbs nose at state media's use of 1.3b population to criticise  ...
e Why Seinfeld still matters 25 years later
e AMAZING VIDEO: Mother bear pulls cub near highway to safety
e Jolie honored by Queen Elizabeth II (w/video)
e Amber Heard strips to knickers and thigh-high boots for racy photo shoot… see  ...
e Beyonce and Jay Z split? – Celebrity Marriage Rumors
b Siemens And Mitsubishi Finalize Alstom Offer
b Citigroup settles subprime probe for $7B
t Microsoft gives away ancient DOS and Word source code
t Driveclub not delayed for Morpheus, won't have VR support
t Fire hazard forces Lenovo to recall more than 37K recalled ThinkPad laptop  ...
t Samsung Galaxy S4 Update Makes It Just As Good As S5
b Rieder: Rupert Murdoch's remarkable comeback
b BMW says X7 model will be built in Spartanburg County
t Sony aims to Increase Market Share with Xperia Z2 in US Market this summer
e Karrueche Tran And Chris Brown Split Up
b Amazon Wants You To Use Hashtags To Buy Stuff
b Coke removes 'controversial' chemical ingredient from Powerade after public  ...
b BMO Harris, Suntrust Mortgage Interest Rates Mar 22
t YouTube to have separate app for content creators
e 'Captain America' holds off 'Rio 2' with $41.4M
t Brendan Eich: Just Apologize For Supporting Proposition 8
e Thor as woman: Just a marketing ploy - or a sign of an industry in tune with the  ...
b California tightens water regulations as drought continues
b Medical-device maker Medtronic in advanced talks to buy Irish rival
e Hobbit cast tease trailer, bloopers at Comic-Con
m Review raises question over Tamiflu
e Sofia Vergara and Joe Manganiello are the new hot Hollywood couple
e What Time, Date and Channel Are ESPYs 2014? When And Where To Watch  ...
m Saudi Arabia Ups MERS Case Count
e Don't get your hopes up about powdered alcohol just yet
e Running Of The Bulls 2014: Thousands Turn Out To Kick Off San Fermín Festival  ...
e Elton John Will Marry Longtime Partner David Furnish In May
e Lindsay Lohan hams it up in comic cameo on 2 Broke Girls
e Game of Thrones star: 'Margaery and Cersei rivalry gets venomous'
t Sheryl Sandberg Sees India as Facebook's Next Market
e Star Wars Episode VII Is Confirmed To Already Be Filming
e Ryan Gosling, Rachel McAdams News: 'Notebook' Actors Fought During Filming  ...
t Google kicks off April Fools' Day gags with 'Pokémon Challenge'
e 'Jump Street' beats 'Dragon' at box office
t Is One of the Wii U's Biggest Supporters About to Ditch the Console?
e Watch the First Trailer For 'The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies'
b GM Recalls Another Batch of 2.4 M Vehicles
e Here's the scoop: Free Cone Day returns April 8
t Apple considers buying Dr. Dre's headphone company, but why?
e Kate Winslet Gets A Star on Hollywood Walk of Fame Today
t House Converges on NSA Reform, Net Neutrality Rules In Doubt—Tech Edge  ...
b Oil boom lowers age in the Great Plains
b Study shows Florida leads nation in cash sales of real estate
b Alstom Approves GE's Updated Offer To Acquire Power And Grid Business Of  ...
b Kroger to buy Boca Raton online retailer for $280M
e Paul Walker: 'Fast & Furious 7' Star Will be Honored at MTV Movie Awards
e “Orphan Black: Governed As It Were By Chance” Review
b Important Week For Crude Oil, WTI Testing Key Support
m Autism estimate rises by 30 percent
e BET Awards Live Blog: Pharrell Wins for 'Happy,' Usher Impresses
t Apple in Bid to Pick Up Beats
e Watch Beyonce and Jay Z rob a bank, fire guns with celebrity pals in NSFW Run  ...
t Ford Mustang celebrates 50th anniversary
b AT&T-DirecTV Deal Reported Near, Could Be Worth $50 Billion
t Mailbox now available for Android; OS X app coming soon
m New evidence suggests autism begins in the womb
e Strong push to save 1960 film The Alamo with John Wayne
m Oscar Pistorius murder trial resumes after psychiatric tests
e 20 Best Things We Saw and Heard at Comic-Con 2014
b Debunking Common Income Tax Myths
t Report: Effects of climate change seen everywhere
t Found! Trio of Huge Black Holes in Distant Galaxy's Core
m Headbanging to heavy metal can lead to brain bleed, but doctors say 'rock on  ...
m Despite Costs, Cancer Treatment Spending Moderates
t Cisco, Juniper Networks hardware could be affected by Heartbleed bug
t FBI: Malware infected half-million computers
m State gets 1st case of new mosquito-borne virus
e Beyoncé and Solange Put On United Front at First Appearance Since Elevator  ...
e Sherri Shepherd, Jenny McCarthy explain The View exits
b Hong Kong Gets Out the Vote
b Krispy Kreme slumps after cutting forecast
e Justin Timberlake thanks everyone except Donald Sterling for award (Video)
b Facebook CEO Zuckerberg reaps $3.3 billion gain from stock options
m Petco said it would stop selling dog and cat treats made in China. Above, a dog  ...
b MTA: Metro-North employee struck and killed in East Harlem
m Spinal shocks allow paraplegic men to move their legs voluntarily
b Yellen: Taper continues, monetary policy and interest rates unchanged
t Bloomberg: Facebook makes $2 billion virtual-reality bet with oculus
m Foster Farms recalls chicken products for possible salmonella contamination
e Listen: Kendrick Lamar and Alicia Keys' new song "It's On Again", produced by  ...
b Fed Bond Buying Likely to End in October
e The Magic School Bus To Get a Reboot On Netflix
e Demi Lovato Unfollows Selena Gomez on Twitter — Is She "Swimming Away  ...
e Time Offers You a Beyoncé Music Video Instead of Putting More Women on Its  ...
e Joan Rivers Refuses To Apologize For Her Tasteless "Joke" About The  ...
e Marvel Premieres Teaser For 'Guardians Of The Galaxy,' Film Hits Theaters On  ...
t Watch the Google IO 2014 Keynote Live Here!
e What's Game of Thrones all about?
m Texas confirms 1st case of chikungunya in Williamson County
b Knoll (KNL) Jumps: Stock Rises 8.7%
t EU strikes a blow for privacy: Opposing view
e VIDEO: Miley's rendition of Wrecking Ball you definitely want to hear
e French Law May Derail Kim and Kanye's Wedding
e Bikini Bump! Kourtney Kardashian Shows Off Her Growing Belly in the Hamptons
b INVESTOR ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Announces Investigation of Fusion-IO  ...
b Carbon footprint from Chinese solar panels twice the size of those made in Europe
b Fees may be shrinking your 401(k)
e Ming Dynasty 'chicken cup' sold for record $36M - ABC-7.com WZVN News for  ...
e Selena Gomez unfollows everyone on Instagram
e Detroit judge dismisses lawsuit by Insane Clown Posse, fans over FBI gang report
t Mercedes recall to affect 284000 C-class cars
t Gasoline prices click up a notch
e Dancing With the Stars Results: Who Got the Boot on Party Night?
e Watch: Five New X-Men: Days of Future Past Featurettes
b CitiGroup to Pay $7 Billion in Federal-State Deal Over Mortgage Backed Securities
b MH370 TRAGEDY: Air and sea hunt for missing plane resumes (Day 35)
m Pro/con: Use Michigan's existing tobacco laws to cover e-cigarettes (guest column)
m Downtown building collapses in Sulphur Springs
t Bandits steal $7m of Samsung devices
e McCartney to make full recovery from virus in Tokyo
e 'Jump Street' leads weekend box office
b Target Appoints New CIO, Provides Updates on Security Enhancements Post  ...
m Beleodaq gets FDA approval for treatment of patients with peripheral T-cell  ...
e Peaches Geldof death probed by British police
e Pharrell and the United Nations Foundation Are Celebrating the International  ...
m Girl shaves head for pal, gets suspended
t China to get Microsoft Xbox One in September
e RECAP: Game of Thrones Watch: Wedding Season in Westeros
t Apple won't fear Amazon's Fire Phone
t Neil deGrasse Tyson Is Happy to Be a Nerd Sex Symbol
e Lohan In The West End
t Is this Amazon's smartphone? Leaked images show cameras and screen
e Running of the bulls festival opens in Pamplona, Spain
b Crushed No More: King Digital Jumps Above IPO Price
e Beyonce leads MTV Video Music Awards with 8 nominations; Eminem, Iggy  ...
e 'Neighbors' knocks 'Spider-Man' from top of North American box office
t New GM recall covers electronic power steering defect
b US: Target Lowers FY Forecast After Weak Q1
t Samsung Galaxy S5 price likely to be cheaper than Galaxy S4's at launch
e Dancing With the Stars 2014 Spoilers: Week 3 Elimination Results
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Google Play Edition shows up again
e Forget the controversy surrounding 'Noah'
e Gwyneth Paltrow, Chris Martin Flew to Bahamas Ahead of Split News
e AC/DC Guitarist Malcolm Young Is Ill, Taking Break from Band
e Scout Willis Goes Topless in New York City to Protest Instagram
e Jada Pinkett Smith: Don't Pollute Willow Smith-Moises Arias Bed Photo!
e Halle Berry arrives at the Late Show with David Letterman and poses for  ...
t Researchers finally solve mystery of zebra stripes
e 'There's An Audience Now!' Orphan Black Star Tatiana Maslany On The Show's  ...
e Yahoo To Launch Two Original TV Shows In 2015
e 'Mad Men' Recap: We Are Family
e Teen sci-fi thriller 'Divergent' debuts with $56 million
b Turkish business world slams gov't for Twitter ban
t T-Mobile Won't Count Streaming Music Against Data Caps; Offering Loaner  ...
t Government Claims Snapchat Lies To Users About Messages Disappearing
e Miley Cyrus, O2 Arena, London
e Indian film board censors Hugh Jackman's bare backside in X-Men: Days of  ...
e Miley Cyrus talks to Ryan Seacrest about 'scary' hospital stay, was so bored she  ...
b GRAINS-Corn slumps on planting progress, soy up on tight supply
t NASA Clears 3D Printer for Space Launch
m Diabetics in US suffer less stroke, heart attack: Study
e Johnny Manziel caught at Justin Bieber's house with Floyd Mayweather
b Oil spike fears rise as stability in Iraq unravels
t Google CCTV set to invade your living room: Firm buys security camera firm  ...
t Samsung Galaxy S3 Gets 4.4 KitKat Revamp!
b Amazon Buys Digital Comic Book Seller ComiXology
e Remembering Paul Mazursky, A Filmmaker With An Ear For His Era
m Phuket airport health officials ramp up MERS surveillance
b Glencore Xstrata Sells Copper Mine to Chinese Consortium for $5.85 Bln
t Samsung, Apple resume their patent dispute in court
t Astronomers spot most Earth-like planet yet
t Snowden to tech leaders at SXSW: 'We need you to help us fix this.'
e I'm going to get pregnant really soon: Kim Kardashian
e Johnny Depp served with legal papers at film premiere - report
b IRS Declares Bitcoin “Property,” Likely Ending "Currency" Bid
e Lea Michele Bares Bikini Body & Shares PDA with Matthew Paetz!
m Senate panel scolds TV's Dr. Oz over diet claims
e 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' 9-11 Poster Quickly Pulled Back Into Shell
e Game of Thrones Season 4 Episode 3 Live Stream Free: Watch HBO Go  ...
e Pharrell reveals secret behind mega-hit
t Iran judge summons Facebook CEO to court over privacy complaints | The  ...
t Google's next attack on the living room will focus on games
e Rihanna and 4 other celebs in see through dresses
b Anarchists will drop anti-Google anti-capital campaign for $3bn
t Microsoft proves Atari dumped E.T.
m E-cigarette regulations: FDA makes another proposal
m West Africa at risk of Ebola spread says WHO
e Motorcyclists ride to Live Oak to perform Pledge of Allegiance
t The Best iOS 8 Features Apple Didn't Talk About
e L'Wren Scott leaves her entire estate to Mick Jagger
e Eva Mendes pregnant with Ryan Gosling`s child?
e Pharrell Williams weeps at Happy success on Oprah
t Samsung's Galaxy line grows with four new entry-level Android phones
t How To Root T-Mobile Variant Of Samsung Galaxy S5 SM-G900T On Android  ...
e What Olivia Pope Thought of the 'Scandal' Finale
b NTSB: Asiana crash caused by mishandling of the pilot
t Why Silicon Valley Giants Want Washington to Regulate the Wireless Internet
m Glaxo recalls diet pills because of tampering
t Google Sales Miss Highlights Mobile Transition Challenge
e Melissa McCarthy goes for broke in Tammy
e Dragons and Death at 'Thrones' Premiere
e Play as Sigourney Weaver in Alien Isolation, only if you preorder
e Noah
t Apple Unveils Cheapest iPod Touch Yet
e Vinyl Fans Browse The Bins In Brooklyn In Celebration Of Record Store Day
e Movie clock
e Hometown remembers Gabriel Garcia Marquez
e 'The Voice' Season 6, episode 7: The battle rounds begin
b Darden Restaurants hits two-month low after selling Red Lobster for $2.1 bln
e Hugh Jackman has another cancerous growth removed
t Google Maps Takes You Back In Time With Street View Historical Imagery  ...
e North Korea calls Julie Bishop a "stooge" they will "punish"
m Reaching out to the young
e Angelina Jolie on What Scares Maleficent, Breaking Character, and Acting as a  ...
e Teen's Viral Michael Jackson Routine Is So Amazing That the Late Singer's  ...
t New super-heavy Element 117 confirmed, created synthetically by scientists
b Darden to sell Red Lobster for $2.1B - KWWL - Eastern Iowa Breaking News  ...
t Bardarbunga calms down
e Interpreting the “Gospel of Jesus's Wife”
t Is Apple About to Enter The Smart Home Space?
m iPads And Other Devices Could Be Causing Itchy Body Rashes
t Microsoft Scraps 'Windows-First' Practice, puts Office on iPad Before Surface
t First impressions of Nvidia's Shield Tablet
e Meet Mrs West! Kim Kardashian changes her name on Instagram and Twitter  ...
t PM/AM: Google Eyes Twitch
b France vows further satellite means to help locating missing Malaysian plane
e Big Bang Theory renewed for 3 more seasons
e Packer hugs Bloom aboard yacht in Ibiza
e Oscar Nominee Paul Mazursky Dies at 84
m Bumping Fists Spreads Fewer Germs Than a Handshake, Study Says
m Relay raises funds for Boston bombing victims
b Missing MH370: France says new satellite data are radar echoes
t The Future of the Workforce May Be Part-Time, Says Google CEO Larry Page
b Barclays first-half net profit soars 68% amid restructuring
b Eurozone Consumer Confidence Worsened In June
e Jason Segel and Cameron Diaz fail to save sex farce from falling flat
b ECB's Noyer says in favor of injecting further liquidity
b Morgan Stanley CEO awarded $12 million for 2013 - and that could rise
b Mystery of missing passenger jet now two weeks old - 4 Hours Ago
b Thousands descend on Omaha to hear Buffett speak
t Five incredible iOS 8 features Apple didn't mention
e HBO teases "Game of Thrones" season 4 with new promo video
e 'Survivor' Contestant Caleb Bankston Killed In Train Accident
e Lindsay Lohan bedded Ashton Kutcher -- and a whole lot more
t Stop using IE until bug is fixed, says US
e See Kim Kardashian's Wedding Dress!
e Denzel Washington Stars in 'The Equalizer' Film Adaptation
b Level 3 to buy tw telecom to expand US fiber network
e Why the 'How I Met Your Mother' finale twist had to happen
e Andy Murray gets covered in slime for Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards
e Best Drake Moments From The 2014 ESPYS ...
m What is risk of catching Ebola on a plane?
b Sweet deal for new Ford CEO
b Wall Street holds flat after Fed statement
b Investment Firm Retains Control Over American Apparel (APP) Founder  ...
m E-Cigarettes Work Better Than Nicotine Patches
e Paint the Town Green
e Kim Kardashian Finally Lands That Vogue Cover
b Weil: Eric Schneiderman's hatred for high-speed traders
e We Turned The Saddest Lines On Robin Thicke's Album Into The Saddest Poem  ...
e Chris Brown's “New Flame”: Listen To The Usher- And Rick Ross-Featuring  ...
b FT analysis of my book is 'ridiculous', says Thomas Piketty
e Is Heaven Is for Real… Real?
e Idina: Me and Travolta Are 'Buddies'
e Orphan Black's characters will deepen
b BNP Pleads Guilty for $9 Billion, GM Recalls 29 Millionth Vehicle, and  ...
t Google changes terms of service, clarifies they scan your email
e Miranda Kerr On 'GQ' UK — Racy Topless Cover Shoot
b Gold up slightly after demand report
m Shoshone, Benewah Among Unhealthy
b Valeant lowers 2014 guidance but addresses critics by detailing product growth
t Mystery Solved: Why Flies Are So Hard to Swat
t Apple launches powerful sustainability campaign ahead of Earth Day
t What To Do If Your iPhone Is Hacked And Remotely Locked
e Miley Cyrus is 'retired' from twerking after VMAs
e Cesar Chavez: Civil rights activist Cesar Chavez was fascinating but his bio flick  ...
e The Secret To Making Sense Of Last Night's Game Of Thrones Finale
b Chinese premier on plane search: 'We will not give up'
b Gap Falling out of Fashion as Abercrombie Picks up the Pace
e 'Adrian Mole' Author Sue Townsend Dies at 68
m In boiling hot suits with silent death lurking everywhere and the fear that a  ...
t YouTube CEO Announces 'Creator Tip Jar' and 'Analytics App' During VidCon
b Oil topping $116 seen possible as Iraq conflict widens
e Jonah Hill apologizes for homophobic slur: 'I'm upset'
e Watch: Trailer For 'Twin Peaks: The Entire Mystery' Box Set Previews 90 Minutes  ...
e Malia Obama working as production assistant on Halle Berry's 'Extant': report
t TweetDeck is back; Twitter says security issue resolved
e Destroy All Monsters: Darkness Before The DAWN OF THE PLANET OF THE  ...
m Michelle Obama: Effort to weaken healthier school meal standards is  ...
b China hurries to steal a march on US as world's biggest economy
b Two objects possibly related to missing plane seen on satellite imagery  ...
b June jobs report shows US economy on the rise
b Teva Announces US Supreme Court Will Hear Its Appeal on COPAXONE(R  ...
t Microsoft fights warrant for customer emails stored overseas
b Deutsche Bank enlists Qatar in US$11 billion capital hike
e Easter Sunrise in Willow Glen
e Tributes Pour In Following Death Of 'An Unmarried Woman' Director Paul  ...
e Dina Lohan, Lindsay Lohan's mother, has driver's license suspended in DWI case
b Europe Tries Hat Trick
t Google Glass to go on sale for one day next week
e Kaley Cuoco and her Big Bang Theory co-stars holding out for huge pay raises  ...
e 'It Wasn't A Good Move': Justin Bieber's Pal Admits Singer Was Wrong For Racist  ...
m Panda 'may have faked pregnancy' for more buns, bamboo
t Samsung Galaxy S5: 3 Things You Didn't Know It Can Do
b McDonald's offers free coffee as breakfast competition intensifies
t What passwords to change in Heartbleed aftermath?
t Why Apple wants Beats: Tech pundits weigh in
t Heartbleed bug hits again
b Samsung Sees Smartphone Rebound as Profit Misses Estimates (1)
e Crowe praises director for using CGI for animals in Noah
m US autism estimate rises to 1 in 68 children
e Insane Clown Posse, ACLU Appeal Judge's Decision Tossing Lawsuit Against  ...
e Bill Murray Shares Love Advice at Bachelor Party
e Aereo Supreme Court Case Update: Why You Should Care About Legal Battle  ...
b Public investment needed to boost stalling world growth: IMF chief
t Porsche and Hyundai Lead 2014 JD Power Initial Quality Results
t Stay up tonight to see the lunar eclipse
e New York Times Publisher Says Jill Abramson's Firing Had Nothing To Do With  ...
b Gazprom Bulls' China Fixation Is Misguided to Top Moscow Broker
b Daily Wrap: Icahn brings dollar store chains to the altar
e French Montana fined $500, says Kris Jenner loves him
e Kim Kardashian has snogged her step-brother Brandon Jenner
e Family feud at odds with calmness of Casey Kasem's pop culture work
e Oprah Winfrey and Hillary Rodham Clinton help TV host Barbara Walters say  ...
b Nigeria surpasses S.Africa as Africa's biggest economy
b Lew says China's currency still undervalued
e People in the news
e With Chef, Jon Favreau Whips Up Indie Comfort Food
b Answer to the $43B online ad question
e 'Once Upon a Time' Season 4 Premiere: 'Shameless' Actor Joins As 'Frozen's  ...
b Everything You Need to Know About Buying Legal Weed In Washington State
e Rolf Harris sentencing: Paedophile entertainer jailed for 5 years and 9 months
e Jennifer Lawrence Recalls Her Miley Cyrus Puking Incident
e More Kardashian drama as Rob refuses to talk to Kim or Khloe!
e Jurassic World First Photos Released
e Eminem, Rihanna to Team on 'The Monster' at MTV Movie Awards
t Gas prices shoot up ahead of 4th of July Weekend
e Powdered Alcohol Is New Trend In Drinking
e Kim Kardashian spends FIVE HOURS at the office with Kourtney
e Quentin Tarantino's lawsuit against Gawker dimissed by federal judge
e COACHELLA 2014: OutKast's reunion divides the crowd in Indio, at home
e Beyonce and Jay Z Announce 'On the Run' Tour Dates
t 50Whr BatteryBox Backup Battery Can Run A MacBook Air For 12 hrs (video)
e Olivia Wilde and Jason Sudeikis Welcome Baby Otis Alexander!
b IMF: Russia Is Already In Recession
e 'Bachelorette' producers on contestant Eric Hill's death: He 'inspired us every day'
e Angelina Jolie: I Never Thought I'd Have Kids, Find Love
t Could Microsoft's Surface Pro 3 Be the Most Powerful Tablet?
e In Its Fifth Week, "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon" Scores a Three  ...
t GM, government safety agency face Congress about recalls
b Levine on Wall Street: Worldly Philosophers
t In Brief: Cybercrime on the rise
t Microsoft Office 365 Personal Announced @ $69.99 Per Year
m Dieters Look Beyond The Calories
e We've got you covered for The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies teaser trailer!
e Jake Barker from St. Petersburg makes it to the next round on 'The Voice'
t Monstrous planet 'Godzilla of Earths' discovered
e Teen's terror tweet to American Airlines goes viral
b AT&T aims for future with $48.5B DirecTV deal
e Once Upon a Time casts Elsa from "Frozen"
e Eric Bana, strong cast 'Deliver' devilish scare fest
b Google and Barnes & Noble unite to take on Amazon
e 'Weird Al' Yankovic Explains Why He Has Never Parodied Bruce Springsteen
b Whopper Tim Hortons sale brewing
e 'Brady Bunch' housekeeper Ann B. Davis dead at 88
e First Look: Christian Leaders Speak Out About 'Noah' Movie
t The big barrier for Continuity: Being in Apple's ecosystem comes at a high price
e Bachelorette Season 10 Finale Recap: Did Andi Dorfman Get Engaged to Josh  ...
e Jon Hamm Recalled Working in 'Soft-Core Porn' Movie
t Japan ordered to end whaling as UN destroys 'science' claim
e Johnny Depp's 'Transcendence' Laying an Egg at the Box Office
m Teva files citizen petition with FDA regarding Copaxone complexity
t Google I/O: Google's Android Coming to Cars This Year
t Samsung Galaxy S5 India price of Rs 51000 is a big mistake
e Friday Poll: Which geeky TV premiere are you most excited about?
t Your Netflix Bill Could Go Up Even More. Blame The Government
b Russia Cuts Gas Supply To Ukraine Over Price Dispute
b GLOBAL MARKETS-Shares just below all-time highs, dollar moves higher
t AT&T Expands 4G LTE Coverage To More Than 100 Sites In Mississippi
m Rising CO2 levels may cut nutrient levels in crops, study finds
b Bertha delayed: World's largest tunnel boring machine won't dig again until 2015
t What Would An Internet Bill Of Rights Look Like?
e The Hunger Games: Mocking Jay - Part 1: Explosive first trailer unveiled at  ...
b Tesla in Ohio: Positive Progress With New Sales Agreement
e Mary Rodgers, author of 'Freaky Friday,' dead at 83
e 'Mad Men's' final season: Is it TV's greatest drama series?
m Flu drugs Tamiflu and Relenza wouldn't be effective against pandemic: new  ...
t Titanfall Sweepstakes From NewEgg
e Mila Kunis: 'WE' are not pregnant. I am!
m Bay babes in fight to stamp out cancer
m Ground Beef Recall 2014: 1.8 Million Pounds Recalled
b Dow Jones tops 17000 after jobs report
m Report: Deadly melanoma cases up 200% since 1973
e Robin Thicke New Album Probably Titled 'Paula' in Attempt to Win Back  ...
b Kroger to acquire Vitacost.com in a deal valued at $280 million
m Routine pelvic exam may not be worth pain
t Apple Vs. Samsung Patent War: Google Agrees To Pay Part Of Settlement In  ...
e Wow, Prince William! Kate Middleton displays slim waist in belted red pencil  ...
b Shell beats consensus but earnings hit by downstream pressures - UPDATE
t Report: new Samsung standalone smartwatch phone coming this summer
e Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez Dating 2014: Couple Seen Back Together in  ...
e Coachella 2014: Camping gets underway without issues
b Japan Manufacturing Activity Slows In July
t NASA's Mars Opportunity Rover breaks record for off-Earth traveling
b EC meet on new bank licences postponed
b Comcast-Time Warner Cable deal faces probe from US states
m Study finds baby safety gates are not always safe
t iPhone 6 Apple 2014 Release Dates, Price, Specs Latest, Watch Video  ...
m Study: 12 Million Americans Misdiagnosed Each Year
b Cramer: Perfectly legal strategy for ducking taxes
m Wrong diagnosis: ADHD
b Gold price drops to lowest since Feb at $1314.70/oz
t Google Glass Products Coming From Ray-Ban, Oakley Eyewear Maker
b Candy Crush Saga Free Download – Tips and Tricks to Get on Top
b FAA: Near-miss between planes over Bush Airport
e Bachelorette contestant dies in paragliding accident
b USD/CAD Fundamental Analysis July 17, 2014 Forecast
b U.S. economy shrank at 2.9% rate in Q1
e Michael Jackson's Ex, Debbie Rowe, Gets Engaged After Health Fears
b IRS says bitcoin will be taxed like property instead of currency
e Eazy-E And Dr. Dre Actors Cast In N.W.A. Biopic 'Straight Outta Compton'
m 'Astonishing' rise in autism nationwide means 1 in 68 US children have the  ...
e 'Game of Thrones' Rape Controversy: George R.R. Martin Responds to Jaime  ...
m Medtronic Releases Results of SYMPLICITY HTN-3
m Study shows certain chemicals in everyday life linked to breast cancer
t A place just like home?
e There's Another Video Of Justin Bieber Using The N-Word, So It's A Good Thing  ...
e Manziel parties with Bieber
b Google and SunPower Join Forces To Fund Solar Homes
e Kaley Cuoco Opens Up About Dating Henry Cavill AKA Superman!
e Ben Affleck's Batmobile Unveiled By Zack Snyder
t Microsoft faces probe in China
e No More “Cosmic Loneliness.” Yes, I Believe in the Resurrection!
t Ford Says Hello IPhone, Goodbye Blackberry
m Promise Community Health Center Awarded $250000
e Scandal Season 3 Finale Spoilers: Rowan Pope, Harrison Die as Bomb  ...
m Five a day fruit and veg 'not healthy enough', warn researchers
e Legendary Comic Book Character Archie Andrews Dies in Conclusion of LIFE  ...
e Money, fame has changed Louis Tomlinson
e Angelina Jolie as Maleficent: Why this Disney Villain is Bad A**, Watch the Latest  ...
t Nexus 8 Rumors Keep on Firing Up
t FCC says cable, fiber Internet speeds mostly as hyped; DSL lags
b Darden lays off 'handful' of HQ workers
b Power shifts as departures clear the way at JPMorgan
t Apple Uses Earth Day to Announce Green Agenda, Provoke Samsung
t Google Owned Nest Is Buying Dropcam for $555 Million
b How the Dow Jones industrial average did Thursday
t Google Inc (GOOGL) is not on the hook for covering Samsung patent damages
b Malaysia Airlines MH17 plane crash in Ukraine LIVE UPDATES
b Spanish manufacturing grows for 8th straight month in July: Purchasing  ...
t Another Earth-like planet discovered
e Adrian Mole creator dead
t LG bets on pricey OLED technology as future of TVs
b Lithuania ready to drop litas for euro, says European Union
b Covered California clarifies health plan enrollment rules before Monday's deadline
t Google And Intel Chrome OS Event Live Stream: Will Companies Unveil New  ...
e Monet's 'Water Lilies' auctioned in NY for $27M - ABC-7.com WZVN News for  ...
b An idiotic taxi strike over Uber
t Titanfall's 'Life is Better With a Titan' Trailer Gets an Extended Cut
b Free preventive care can still cost
t Google Wallet for Android and iOS updated with gift card storage, money  ...
e 5 Seconds of Summer Announce 2015 North America Tour
e Top films at the North American box office
e #AskThicke backfires big time on Robin Thicke
t New leak points to 8.9-inch Nexus tablet – HTC Volantis
b Battle for Alstom: Saving jobs is key for Hollande
t Google hires turn-around guru to lead Glass strategy
t Court Overturns Controversial Hacker's Conviction, but Dodges the Hard Question
t Multinational effort disrupts malicious software that has stolen millions around  ...
e Last Lap: Could Chris Brown Soon Be Free Of His Legal Woes?
t Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB)'s Latest Kids On The Block Yet To Warm Up
t Intel At Computex 2014: 6 Major Announcements To Follow Up On
b Steel beams tumble onto Interstate 405 shutting down freeway and injuring one  ...
t Hon Hai, Pegatron on China Hiring Spree for Next iPhone: Reports
m INTERVIEW-Experimental Ebola drugs should be tried in Africa, disease expert  ...
e 2014 Emmy winners list
m UPDATE 3-Saudi MERS data review shows big jump in number of deaths
m US veterans agency needs $17.6 billion to clear wait times: acting head
t Don't assume Apple will own the smart home -- here's why
m Vitamin E, vitamin C prevent dementia
m Calder 'Mr. Awesome' Sloan Inspires Viral Campaign
b Walmart To Buy Back Games
t Apple Is Serious About Doing Mobile Payments, But Don't Expect Anything Soon
t Chinese government bans the use of Windows 8 on its PCs
e '24: Live Another Day' recap: 1 pm to 2 pm
b Analyst Downgrades: Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA), General Motors Company, and  ...
e Dave Bautista couldn't get an agent
e 'Dancing' Week 3: Amy Purdy Pays Tribute To Her Dad
m Mathews YMCA will run the county's summer meals program through its kids  ...
b Russia to cut off gas supply to Ukraine
b UK Market Drops, Resolution Hit
b Energous Corporation to Be Added to the Russell Microcap Index
e Three Megamovies Harry Potter prequel Fantastic Beasts
e Spotify jumps to 10m subscribers
t Apple iPhone 5s tops sales charts in Q1 of this year
e When is Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's wedding? Everything you need to  ...
e Tuesday is Ben & Jerry's annual Free Cone Day
e Katy Perry faces plagiarism lawsuit from rap group
e Ellen DeGeneres makes a fortune selling off her new mansion
m WHO Disease Outbreak News on Ebola virus disease West Africaupdate
e Actor and director Richard Attenborough dies aged 90
b Wall Street lower on earnings; Amazon weighs on Nasdaq
m Trial resumes as Pistorius deemed not mentally ill during killing
b Former treasury secretary reflects on 'deeply unfair' nature of financial crisis  ...
b Average 30-year mortgage rates drops to 4.21%
b Barclays to Cut 19000 Jobs, Will Streamline to Become 'Bad Bank'
e Beyonce and Jay Z's Run trailer is for the best movie you won't see this year
m Deadly Ebola virus spreads
t Google Launches Add-On Store For Google Docs
m As many as 5000 may have been exposed to hepatitis A in Missouri restaurant
e Shia LaBeouf Has Checked into Rehab
t HTC One M8 Ace Shows Up On TENAA
e Miley Cyrus - Miley Cyrus Performs In Her Underwear After Missing Costume  ...
t Will Amazon Release a Smartphone With a 3D Display?
b June jobs report shows US recovery is accelerating - KLTV.com-Tyler, Longview  ...
t Hauwei's Ascend P7 is beautiful & has two giant cameras
e 4 DC Comics brought to TV get Comic-Con event
e 3 reasons why 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' is the best X-Men movie yet
b Omnicom, Publicis ditch ad merger talks
e 24/05/2014Turkish drama 'Winter Sleep' wins Cannes top prize
e Idina Menzel Name Flub Righted by John Travolta's Flower Delivery (Video)
e EDITORIAL: Here's hoping for a cheerful Easter
e Public screenings, special appearances for Game of Thrones in Santa Fe
e WWE Polls on IC Tourney Winner, Schamberger's Warrior Poster, Keibler
t Sony tried to get a Vita version of 'Titanfall'
m Blood Test For Alzheimer's Gets Closer
e Mickey Rooney dead: Hollywood legend's top 5 most memorable films
t Sony shows off Project Morpheus, a virtual reality headset for the PlayStation 4
e Peaches Geldof 'Gone But Never Forgotten'
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Fingerprint Scanner Spoofed
e Controversy leads Zendaya to opt out of Aaliyah biopic film
b Markit report: Euro zone PMI down 52.8 in June
b Corn, soybeans, wheat digest stocks and acreage report
b Inflation drops below 2% target for third consecutive month
b ECB's Mersch: next meeting could yield combination of policies, implementation  ...
b Century-old UCLA pipe break points to national problem
b Rally to protest Monsanto, GMOs
e Charlize Theron dazzles in little black dress
b Colorado harvests $2M in recreational pot taxes
t GM narrows order to stop sales of Cruzes over air bags
m MERS cases no longer considered connected
t Touch ID Probably coming to iPhone 6, iPad Air 2 and iPad Mini 3 in 2014
t UPDATE 1-NASA carbon dioxide-hunting telescope reaches orbit
t Facebook drones announced
b Argentina's last debt card is a doomsday scenario
t US regulator's plan erodes net neutrality
t Facebook launches Slingshot to compete with Snapchat, but will it catch on?
b Report: Sprint on verge of purchasing T-Mobile
t Bautista And Redding Ready To Rock At The Circuit Of The Americas
m Ivorian refugees stopped from returning home over Ebola fears
b British annual inflation accelerates to 1.9pc: official data
e Michelle Rodriguez & Cara Delevingne Share…
b GM recalls 3.16M more cars for ignition problems
e Real reason why Beyonce skipped Kim Kardashian's marriage
e CINEMA-TV > Ceylan dedicates Palme d'or to Turkey's young victims
t Ohio Gas Prices Down to Start Week
t Tesla second-quarter sales climb; gigafactory moves closer
e Rob Kardashian Ditches Kim's Wedding After Sis Calls Him FAT: 'Sickened' By  ...
b 'Candy Crush Saga' creator shares down in debut
e Are these the UK's 10 worst Eurovision song entries?
e Lea Michele Bookmarks Her Abs & Cleavage At Barnes & Noble! Hottest Book  ...
t How to Put a Mustang Atop the Empire State Building
e “Disheveled” and “Britney Spears” have Basically become Synonymous
t Android 4.5 or 5.0 Release Date Rumors: Nexus 5 with Build KTU65 Spotted  ...
b Nigeria arrests 10, 2 Britons for oil theft
t Poor Wii U sales send Japan's Nintendo back into red
b State representative: Vote on tax hike likely coming
t Why World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) Stock Is Up Today
m Pfizer's New Breast Cancer Drug Shows Promise
e Pregnant Scarlett Johansson In Red Dress
t Surface Pro 3 vs Macbook Air comparison – which one should you buy?
t Facebook Looks To Drones, Lasers And Satellites For Internet Access
t Samsung replaces mobile design head amidst lukewarm respone to the Galaxy S5
e Beyonce`s sis attacks Jay-Z in lift
b Musk's Tesla to Name Final Gigafactory Site Around Year End
m Fist Bump Your Doctor? Study Says It's Less Germy
t Amazon's Kindle Unlimited eBooks subscription service is now officially live
e UPDATE 3-Mickey Rooney, versatile actor and master showman, dies at 93
e New Jupiter Ascending Trailer – The Wachowskis get epic with Channing Tatum  ...
t How Apple's Big Deal With IBM Hurts BlackBerry and Microsoft
t Microsoft Expected to Announce Thousands of Job Cuts Today
e 'Guardians of the Galaxy 2' tipped for July 2017 release date
b Ford files compensation arrangements for CEO Fields - Quick Facts
b Target's CEO: A timeline
e Good Morning America Cast Bids Farewell to Josh Elliott
b Shoppers to stick with Target, poll finds
e Casey Kasem tributes: 'Keep reaching for the stars' (VIDEO)
b Hong Kong should cherish its standing as offshore yuan hub : People's Bank of  ...
t Hilarious Video: Kids React to Old Computers
t Net Neutrality Shouldn't Be Up To The FCC, Republicans Say
e 'The View' Firing Massacre
e Remembering Mickey Rooney: With gumption and grit, he always put on a show
e Jennifer Garner used to babysit for Stephen Colbert.
e Franco claims Lohan lied about sleeping with him
b Deflating Russia Can Be Done, but Only With a United US-Europe Front
e Lindsay Lohan sues 'Grand Theft Auto' makers
e Judge Joe Brown held in contempt by a Tennessee juvenile judge
b SAP AG (SAP) announces major management changes
m Just one or two alcoholic drinks a day may trigger memory problems in old age  ...
t Apple unveils updated MacBook Pro notebooks
e The Bachelorette's Andi and Josh Planning to Move in Together...Later This Year
t Preview: 2015 Aston Martin Vantage GT
b European shares advance as Metro and ProSieben rally
e Amazon Starts Music Streaming Service Without Universal
b Stock market climbs even as Internet names skid - WNCN: News, Weather
e Trailer: 'The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1'
b Gold lifts on simmering Ukraine tensions
e Doctor Who World Premiere Announced
e Sammi Hanratty Attends At Nickelodeon's 27th Annual Kids' Choice Awards
t Minecraft PS4 and Xbox One expanded draw-distance shown off
m Oscar Pistorius Is A Smart Guy
e Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Rock Wu-Tang Clan In New Movie
t Will Microsoft gain more Office 365 users with Office for iPad?
e Watch: Jimmy Fallon and Emma Stone Lip Sync Battle To Iggy Azalea, Mr  ...
b Hachette seeks Amazon terms that 'value' authors' and publishers' roles
m San Antonio one of the worst allergy cities
e 'How I Met Your Mother' series finale: Josh Radnor, Alyson Hannigan on cuts  ...
b Detroit makes deal with retired cops, firefighters to preserve current pensions
t Lumia 635 with LTE comes to US through T-Mobile, Metro PCS for as little as $99
e Producing Team Craig Zadan and Neil Meron To Produce The Oscars For Third  ...
b Another soft drink company bans flame retardant ingredient
e Springsteen 'plays ball' to close out three-day NCAA Final 4 music festival
b Federal judges uphold landmark EPA mercury and toxics standards
b MH370: conspiracy theorists adore a vacuum
e Beyonce and Jay Z put on defiant front for family day out as cheating rumours  ...
t Police in 40 counties boost seat belt enforcement
t Google's real-time chat service down
e All Hail Idris Elba, King Of The DILFs
e The "Hunger Games" Guys Ditched Jennifer Lawrence For Their Ice Bucket  ...
t Mini T. Rex discovered in Alaska
t Aereo Deemed Illegal By US Supreme Court
m New Jersey Is #1 State in Occurrence of Autism Disorders
b Mt. Gox "Discovers" 200000 Bitcoins – What Else Are They Hiding?
t C'est la vie!
e Dancing With The Stars: Road To The Finals
b Apple Close to Buying Headphone Maker Beats: Report
b Forbes Media Sells Majority Stake to Hong Kong Investor Group
b Tokyo stocks close up 0.57% at new six-month high
m Three-Parent Conception Helps Reduce Risk Of Inherited Mitochondrial Disease
t Fabien Cousteau Breaks World Record of Underwater Living
e Katniss Is Ready to Fight in Teaser for New Hunger Games
t Marquez, Rossi set for Texas shootout
t SF State professor, researchers make landmark discovery in search for planets  ...
b GSK looks to build after multi-billion pound deal
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West to marry this week: report
e Rihanna Does Sheer AND Sparkling for CFDA Awards 2014
b Stocks: Six things to know before the open
b BOE's Bean Says Crisis Shows Worse Things Can Happen Than You'd Imagine
m Married folks have lower risk of heart disease
b Home Loans: Current Mortgage Rates at Quicken Loans, Capital One Jul 5, 2014
m FDA OKs new drug for hard-to-treat colitis and Crohn's
b Stocks Edge Higher Amid Earnings And Deals
m Common Emergency Room Practice Puts Kids in Serious Danger
e Claire Holt Exits "The Originals"
b Google partners with Barnes & Noble for same-day book delivery
t Amazon Launches Dash To Boost Grocery Sales
t Huawei Bringing New Ascend P7 to US
b Missing Malaysia plane: Authorities suspect pilots were involved in flight vanishing
e 'Is Tony Soprano Dead?' David Chase Gives a Simple Answer and Opens Up a  ...
e Amal gets 'series of flirty' George Clooney e-mails
e Soundtrack for LEGENDS OF OZ: DOROTHY'S RETURN Now Available
e Selena Gomez Rocks New Hairstyle For Summer!
e Cameron Diaz Naked and Naughty in Sex Tape (Video)
t AAA: Gas prices continue to rise
t Ford recalls nearly 435000 vehicles - WNCN: News, Weather for Raleigh  ...
e Get ready for Orphan Black's return tomorrow night with this season one recap
e Pharrell struggles through Coachella gig
e Courtney Love claims she has found missing flight MH370 – and 'doubts aliens  ...
m Hepatitis C New Treatment Could by Huge Breakthrough
b More than a third of Americans facing debt collectors
t New and updated apps: Apple Store, Official Formula 1, Aviary Photo Editor and  ...
e Episode VII May Begin Filming Tomorrow
t Apple Inc. (AAPL) announces 20 million Apple TVs have been sold
t Starbucks to offer wireless charging — it probably won't work for your phone
b Squirrel Blamed for $300K Damage to Building
t On topic: Tech news to know now
m Study: Women Who Have Children Later Might Live Longer
b Smith & Wesson Holding Corp (SWHC) Updates FY15 Earnings Guidance
m Edwards valve outperforms Medtronic's in 1st comparison
b Philip Morris Ceases Operation in Australia, Production Shifts to South Korea
b Three face Turkey mine disaster charges
e Kris Jenner Dances Around Khloe and French Montana Dating Rumors (VIDEO)
b US Auto Sales Are Looking Good, Not Great
e Catch up: All the news you missed today
b S&P 500 at New Record on Monday Deals
t T-Mobile Just Did What Amazon's Fire Phone Could Have Done
m 2 Out Of 3 Suspected Ebola Cases In Mali Turned Negative
b Wall Street down, GoPro surges in market debut
e Larry Wilmore Caps Big Week for Black TV Stars
t Could smart phones soon be grown from 'living materials'?
t Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Mega 6.3: The Big Guys
b U.S. economy shrinks in first quarter
b While you were sleeping Manufacturing data disappoint
b URBN: Struggling Urban Outfitters Drops on Earnings Miss
t Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini vs Samsung Galaxy S3 – Price and Specs Comparison
t Meet Pinocchio rex: T.rex's fearsome relative discovered
b King Digital Debuts IPO, Future Risks Foreseen
b Botox maker moves to thwart Ackman takeover bid
e Josh Kaufman is 'The Voice' season 6 champion
m Wichita Man's mother is battling deadly Ebola virus
m FDA: Celgene's Otezla OK for Psoriatic Arthritis
m Have you been dealing with allergy symptoms? Question of the day
b Oil drops below $114 as Iraq supply concerns eases
t The Google Android L - Features and Add ons
b New deal makes Chiquita world's top banana company
e Aereo: Bringing Network TV to Computers
e Ceremonies mark Last Supper of Jesus Christ
e Video - David Letterman's Future Successor Stephen Colbert Arrives Outside  ...
b US stocks tumble amid selloff as investors 'shake out speculative money'
t Apple awarded $119M, but who's winning the fight? - KiiiTV.com South Texas  ...
t Google's New Self-Driving Cars May Become One of the Most Important  ...
t Google's new 7-inch tablet that can capture 3D images
b Barclays PLC to axe 7000 investment bankers by 2016
e Why is Jenny McCarthy out at 'The View'? She says she didn't fit in.
e GWAR frontman Dave Brockie dies
b Why China is putting an oil rig off Vietnam coast
b Greek bond fever may do economy few favours
m USDA approves vaccine for PEDv
t King of Music: Here's why Apple is wooing Beats Electronics with $3.2 bn  ...
e Trace Adkins, LeAnn Rimes Help Chelsea Handler Say 'Goodbye to E!' [Watch]
e Jesus had a sex life: Gay and straight
b Oil rises ahead of US supply report
e You can watch Game of Thrones Season 4 premiere for free on Xbox
t Why Google bought Songza and plans to make it faster, smarter and more fun
e Danny From Mindy Project Cheats on Quinn from Glee in Sam Smith Video
b Harley-Davidson, Celanese Break Out Of Bases
b Daimler Introduces Self-Driving Truck, Holds Demonstration in Germany
e American Idol Predictions: 2014 Top 8 - Who Will Make It?
b John Kerry visit a start, Modi visit to US pivotal
e Sara Gilbert Weds, Drew Carey, Craig Ferguson's April Fools' Prank, Gwyneth  ...
e 3 reasons 'Noah' misses the mark
e Bieber bodyguards confront fan
e Lindsay Lohan Will Make Stage Debut in "Speed-the-Plow" in London
b Chrysler posts Q! loss, begins shipping 200 midsize
m OH mom gives birth to twins holding hands on Mother's Day
b Gas deal to bring benefits, price pressure for China
t Larger iPhone Expected to Spark Massive Upgrade Cycle [Chart]
t SpaceX targets June 11 for Falcon 9 ORBCOMM OG2 mission
m Panda may have faked pregnancy for attention
e 'X-Men' dominates holiday box office with $91M - KTVN Channel 2 - Reno Tahoe  ...
m Pesticides may be linked to autism - study
e 'The Killing' Season 4 Trailer: Blood on Holden and Linden's Hands (VIDEO)
b CBO Projects Narrower Budget Deficit in 2014
t Slingbox M1 Official – The return of Sling Player App on Desktop
e Marshall Jefferson: 'I'd think, what would Frankie play?'
t Photos of the day
e Kate Middleton Pregnant Again With Twins? Duchess Of Cambridge MAJOR  ...
t Apple's iOS 7 Gets First Major Update
t Facebook's Sandberg says emotion study was 'poorly communicated'
t Mozilla kills Firefox for Windows 8 Metro, figures you probably won't notice
b Houston Ship Channel Reopens To All Traffic; Probe Underway
t 'Minecraft' PS3, PS4, Xbox 360 and Xbox One world size compared by 4J Studios
e Maya Angelou taught a generation of young women like me to love their bodies
b Treasury yields, copper rise on China data as S&P 500 fluctuates
t Google: Android Getting Better Mobile Payments And Commerce Features
m Health Benefits Of Marriage Include Reduced Cardiac Issues
e Wahlberg "dreading" having teenage kids
b I beg to differ from Hishammuddin – Lam Choong Wah
e Captain America: The Winter Soldier: Falcon & Black Widow dating?
t Samsung head of mobile design steps down
b Every Rally Starts Somewhere
t IBM to deliver business applications on iPads and iPhones
b Corn planting pace quickens despite soggy start
b Cameron's strategist was hired by Pfizer
b Treasuries Regain Ground Following Last Week's Sharp Pullback
b The Hollywood Reporter: Five Big Possible Deals In Sun Valley This Week
b Squaring the conflicting remarks on housing from Lew and Yellen
t Franklin County teen advocates for Google
b Motorola Solutions to exit enterprise space with $3.45 billion sale to Zebra  ...
b Vodafone agrees Italian deal to tap into car industry
t China's Xiaomi targets ten markets in international expansion
b Venture Capitalist Tim Draper Revealed As Winning Bitcoin Bidder
e Many of us are guilty of wanting to know every detail of a celebrity death, but we  ...
e Marvel Assembles Phase 2 Concept Art
e Eminem & Rihanna Among MTV Movie Awards 2014 Performers
b GLOBAL MARKETS-Euro buoyant as European Central Bank hold rates
b More support for Numsa strike
b Ukraine hub turns into ghost town after airport battle (VIDEO)
b China inflation slows to 2.3% year-on-year in June
e Ariana Grande Will Perform at MTV Video Awards
e 'Game of Thrones' film on the way?
b UK jobless drop in pre-budget boost
t Former CIA director Panetta: Major cybercrimes are acts of war
e What's Mariah Carey's Next 'Me. I Am Mariah…' Single?
e 'Guardians of the Galaxy's' Chris Pratt shares his love of taxidermy on 'Chelsea  ...
e Justin Bieber Shares Hilarious Video of Tom Hanks Dancing at Wedding  ...
t Google Chrome Gets Google Now Cards on Desktop
b Stocks edge higher as more earnings roll in
t Tesla has news about car, but not about factory
t Katheryn Deprill Katheryn Deprill via Facebook
m Baby Gates Aren't Always Safe, Study Finds
e Eminem, Spike Lee Tease “Headlights” Video
e Heidi Klum, Naomi Campbell, Blake Lively and more sexy ladies at the CFDA  ...
e Gorgeous George might be off limits but Amal can teach us a thing or two
b Bulgarians withdraw more savings as crisis simmers
t GM recalls thousands of new pickups
b Obamacare Cost Billions Lower Than Expected, CBO Report Says, Premium  ...
b The April 15 tax deadline is here. What if you need more time to file?
e Perez Recommends
e Lionsgate, Alibaba Teaming on Streaming Service for China
b Valeant tables hostile $45.7 bn bid for Botox maker Allergan
t AT&T looks to future with DirecTV deal
b What's so wrong with economic inequality?
e Katie Couric Marries John Molner - See the Wedding Pics!
b Morgan Stanley Will Pay $490000 Over CFTC Customer-Fund Claims
e Update: "Star-Crossed" Ratings Stay Weak, Viewership Hits Low
e Drake cancels Wireless appearance at Perry Park due to ill health
b Oil prices up in Asian trade
e Lupita Nyong'o named 'Most Beautiful' celebrity in the world by People
e New Michael Jackson album due this May
t Amazon's Fire Phone is a puzzle
b Abu Dhabi carrier Etihad enters final stages of Alitalia negotiations
t Apple bests Samsung in overall sales for Q1 2014
b Four ways Amazon's Fire Phone is different to competitors
e The 7 Most Ridiculous Things About The New Ban Bossy Campaign
b Procter & Gamble to sell off half its brands
e Jennifer Garner 'never understood' husband's gambling
t Handing the keys
t Deal Alert: Sears Offers $105 Off, Free Case with Pre-order of 10.5” Samsung  ...
b Jobs report shows US recovery accelerating
e Former ER star Mekhi Phifer 'files for bankruptcy with debts of $1.2m'
e BET Awards: List of winners and highlights, including Nicki Minaj, Chris Rock, Lil  ...
e Chelsea Handler gets help from celebs with final send-off
b Walmart Works with AutoInsurance.com to Bring Customers in Louisiana First-of  ...
e TV Ratings: 'True Blood' closes series with season high night, 'Leftovers' up too
b Fed Decision Day Guide From Dot Plots To Exit Strategy
b Man charged in online sex sting
b GBP/USD gains on U.K. economic growth data
t Warren Buffett's Latest $700 Million Home Run
e Kim Kardashian wedding dress revealed in first photos from Kanye West nuptials
b Emerging Markets Risk Dragging Down Global Growth
t The Galaxy Tab S (left) and iPad Air (right)
b Pfizer Chief To Face MPs Over AstraZeneca Jobs
b Delta expects first quarter profit despite hit from winter storms
b Amazon Unveils #AmazonCart Shopping Feature for Twitter Users
b Siemens Ups Bid to Alstom to Include Underground Trains
e Chelsea Handler Gives An Emotional Goodbye
t Microsoft takes aim at the MacBook with Surface Pro 3, but is it firing blanks?
e Listening to Britney Spears Without Auto-Tune Will Make You Cringe — Seriously
b Wal-Mart joins Best Buy, Target in market for video game trade-ins
t Microsoft sells 5 million Xbox One consoles
e Reasons revealed! Why Selena Gomez is unfollowing her friends on Instagram  ...
t NetApp Taps Microsoft Azure, Equinix for Private Hybrid Cloud Storage
b Yen nears five-week high but stock index futures drop
e Richard Linklater's 'Boyhood' took 12 years to make because the actors had to  ...
e Here's your chance to star in Star Wars
e The Voice (Video) – Season 6 “The Battles, Round 2 Continues” – RECAP
e Ceremony held to commemorate 64th anniversary of Korean War
b Norfolk Southern Earnings Drop Amid Coal Weakness
b Ukraine, separatists deny shotting down Malaysian Airlines plane
e Michael Jackson - Debbie Rowe Has A Change Of Heart About Wedding
t iOS 8 Tracks Your Location To Launch Or Buy Apps
m Ebola death toll climbs in West Africa
t Nationwide Sprint HD Voice; Apple Emoji Update; Twitter Photo Tagging
e Garth Brooks Tour Rumors: Details Arriving Thursday at Press Conference
e Ice Cube Mad About Paul Walker's Movie Win
b Bulgarian depositors withdraw more savings as crisis simmers
e Hugh Jackman Wants to do Another X-Men Movie
e Subscribe to newsletters
b Unilever Agrees to Sell Ragu and Bertolli Pasta Sauce Brands to Mizkan Group
b As US job market strengthens but many don't feel it yet
b OECD predicts pick-up in Canada's economy next year
t Gaming in a New Dimension - Virtual Reality Technology Creates Buzz at E3
e 'A Gentleman's Guide' Leads Tony Awards Nominations
b After hung jury, immediate retrial in Family Dollar clerk's slaying
b Twitter sings sweet numbers — for third time in a row
e Dancer accuses Britney Spears of breaking her nose during video shoot
e Moviejuice Captain America: The Winter Soldier special tonight
m UK healthcare watchdog gives negative preliminary guidance for latest breast  ...
t Hubble shows Jupiter's Great Red Spot is smaller than ever measured
e The Voice Season 6 Finale Live Results and Winner May 20 2014
t Mount St. Helens climbing attraction peaks
e George Lucas picks Chicago to host the Lucas Museum of Narrative Art
b 11 Honduran miners trapped in small gold mine
e Marvel Comics makes Thor a thunder goddess; Norse superhero is female in  ...
t Blackberry walks away from TMobile
b FOX Wheels: Fiat Chrysler Unveils 5-Year Plan
t The Apple Products that Changed the World & The Ones that Should be Forgotten
e It's a go! OITNB picked up for Season 3
e 'Mad Men' Season 7 [Final Season] Spoilers: A Death, Moon Landing and Don  ...
t Drones, satellites and lasers: Mark Zuckerberg outlines the future of the internet  ...
m Sickle Cell Patients New Hope Bone Marrow Transplantation
b TECH STOCKS: Zillow Rises On Trulia Acquisition
e VIDEO: Eight acrobats hurt in circus accident
t Activision's half a billion dollar Destiny gamble
b This Morning: Borderfree, Amber Road, A10 Debut, Apple's Software Future  ...
b Redskins will appeal Patent Office decision
e Victoria Beckham turns down Kim Kardashian
b Japan approves energy plan reinstating nuclear power despite public concerns
b U.S. stocks open mixed in cautious trade; Dow Jones down 0.07%
e Ant-Man Targets Corey Stoll for Mystery Role
t David L. Cohen: Comcast, TWC combination will advance Net Neutrality, among  ...
m Most Teens Have No Sex Education Before Sex
b Murdoch Said to Seek $14 Billion Deal to Merge Pay-TV Units
b UPDATE 1-Capital One profit beats estimates due to lower provision
b Key players in the Argentine debt drama
t Report: Google buys music service Songza for $39 million
e Batmobile In 'Batman VS Superman' Revealed: Director Zack Snyder Leaks  ...
m World Health Organization: Spread of polio is an international public health  ...
b Salesforce.com posts a loss but beats Q1 expectations; raises outlook
e Nicola Peltz & Mark Wahlberg Premiere 'Transformers' in Berlin After $100  ...
t Smartphone Theft Jumped 94 Percent in One Year, Consumer Reports Says
e Pharrell Williams Admits Wife Helen Lasichanh 'Pushes' His Career To Success
e Emma Watson Defends Director's Decision To Change Biblical Story For Noah  ...
t BlackBerry launches BBM Protected for enterprise messaging
t (click the phrases to see a list)
t AH Prime Time: Will History Dictate The Future of iOS Vs. Android?
e Best dressed celebs at the 67th Cannes Film Festival
b BSkyB Confirms Pay TV Talks With 21st Century Fox -- Update
b Strength Seen in Sears (SHLD): Stock Soars 14.1%
t Garmin Debuts Low-Cost Navigation App to Compete With Google Maps
e If You Love Neil Patrick Harris, You're About To Love Him Even More
b UK to sell Lloyds Bank shares worth US$6.9 billion
b MARKET SNAPSHOT: US Stocks: Futures Drop As Investors Chew Over Fed
e #CancelColbert: 'Racist' Colbert Report Tweet Irks Twitter
b Obamacare's don't ask, so you can't tell
m Boil Water Order In Effect For All Portland Water Bureau Customers
e Her Story: Solange Knowles Opens Up About Jay Z Elevator Altercation
b Wall Street week Ahead: Iraq Conflict Brings Defense Stocks in Focus
e A Holy Week tradition
t Global police effort to take down cyber gang behind Gameover Zeus virus
t Twitter@8: 8 years since the first tweet; 8 first-of-its-kind tweets
e Rapper Andre Johnson allegedly severs own penis, jumps from apartment balcony
b Ahead of the Bell: US home construction
b New report says Florida's January unemployment rate dipped to 6.1 percent  ...
m Dermatology group release PSA about skin cancer in older men
b CURRENCIES: Dollar Set For Weekly Losses Against Euro, Yen
b Forex - EUR/USD steady, Draghi comments still weigh
b Stocks Futures Mildly Lower; Avago, Tableau Software Gain
e 'Orange Is the New Black' trailer; Porsha Stewart in trouble; James Franco's rant  ...
m Foster Farms salmonella outbreak continuing, 524 people sickened
t FCC should just let markets work
t Cargo ship reaches space station
t Samsung UHD TV prices & release dates
m FDA approves Boehringer Ingelheim lung disease drug
m House GOP bill would let schools opt out of healthy lunch rules
t Google takes android everywhere to Android watches, Android for the car and  ...
t Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) Opposed to Net Neutrality Fees
e Macaulay Culkin's music finds no love from listeners
e Transformers: Age of Extinction Movie App Out Now
b UniCredit Q4 Loss Widens On Goodwill Impairment, Loan Loss Provisions
m Arik Air Suspends Operation
b AFP US stocks flat after S&P breaks 2000 milestone
t First IE Zero-Day Post-Windows XP Affects a Quarter of Internet Users
b Buffett: 'No chance' Coke would go private
e Casey Kasem Never Wanted to Be Radio DJ
b Virgin America seeks recap on US$115m IPO
e The Last Time Sean Combs Was Puff Daddy, the World Was a Better Place
e Justin Bieber, Selena Gomez An Inseparable Couple At Coachella
b Default threat rises as Argentina says payment “impossible”
b India central bank bars foreign investors from short-term local debt
t Rubik's Cube: Check Out The Interactive Google Doodle
b Why Vitacost.com, Inc. Stock Skyrocketed
b Consumers nudge up spending in May
b US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Nasdaq tumbles; S&P to end below key level
b UPDATE 2-US FBI conducting a probe into Herbalife -sources
m FDA warns of hysterectomy danger
m The Secret to Anti-Aging Is In Our Blood
t Harley-Davidson Unveils LiveWire, Company's First Electric Motorcycle
t BlackBerry focuses on security; buys anti-eavesdropping firm Secusmart
b Audit: Missouri spending on historic preservation being siphoned off by middlemen
t Google 'Smart Lenses' can detect biometric data from your eyes
m Measles hasn't made for Okanagan yet
m Sierra Leone News : 3 Days Fasting Declared …as Inter-Religious Leaders  ...
b Jobs recovery marches on, but at slower pace
t Samsung Galaxy Alpha aka Galaxy S5 Prime to Launch on August 13: Report
b My View: Gaming Commission chief's words reek of doublespeak
e How Rob Thomas Introduced 'Veronica Mars' At SXSW
t Exclusive app for celebrities only
e Jessica Simpson marries fiance Eric Johnson
t For Apple's next trick... A 15in MacBook Pro with a whopping 16GB RAM
e The Walking Dead: Seven Cool Things You Might Have Missed in “Us”
m Sierra Leone News: Pharmacy Board joins Ebola sensitization
e Flick picks: Kevin Costner leads 'Draft Day' to low-scoring win
t Jacques Cousteau's grandson takes plunge for underwater record
e Check out this sweet B-Roll footage from Guardians of the Galaxy!
t The new emoji that will allow you to express yourself fully at last
e 8 Acrobats Hospitalized After RI Circus Accident
b US economy shrinks by most in five years
b AFP Lufthansa to cancel 3800 flights due to pilots' strike
e 'The Avengers: Age Of Ultron': Mark Ruffalo And Robert Downey Jr. Tweet Pics  ...
m Exelixis Announces Positive Top-Line Results for Phase 3 Pivotal Trial of  ...
b UK's Labour call for independent inquiry into Pfizer's AstraZeneca bid
m Pistorius trial: Screams, mobility & mental health
e AC/DC to play on as guitarist Malcolm Young takes break due to ill health
e Home WhatsOn ArtsEntertainment DC trial of singer Chris Brown to start Monday;...
t FCC's Wheeler Raises Possibility of Web Price Rules in New Plan
e Record Store Day draws long lines, record collectors, good tunes
t Homeland Security warns of Internet Explorer security gap
m FDA approves first noninvasive electronic device to treat migraines
e Panem forever: New 'Hunger Games' teaser debuts
b Economics is now a science almost devoid of agreement
t Apple Plans Bigger iPad: Should Samsung Be Worried?
t Bing search engine now accepts EU 'right to be forgotten' requests
e Rooney Mara to play Tiger Lily in Pan
m Pan-African airline suspends flights to Ebola hit countries
m E-cigarettes less harmful than regular cigarettes? Young parents say yes
b Asian shares echo Wall Street's losses
e Bear Hands heads to Coachella Valley
e I'll Have What She's Having! Kopykat Kim Kardashian Requests Exact Same  ...
b Ahead of the Bell: US trade gap
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Google Play Edition incoming
t Google Gets Explicit On Email Scanning With Fresh Terms
m 'Unprecedented' ebola outbreak in Africa
e Joan Lunden reveals breast cancer diagnosis
e Chris Brown's DC Trial Now Delayed for Months
e 'Not legally possible' to change Brooks decision
m Running for life
e Zendaya Drops Out of Lifetime's Aaliyah TV Biopic; Production On Hold
e 'Full House' is coming back? Have mercy!
e Researcher: Text Referring To “Jesus' Wife” Authentic
b Raiffeisen Bank Int'l says Romania ops doing well
t UN authors: 'We can no longer plead ignorance' on climate change (Includes  ...
m Need for blood doesn't take holiday
e Megan Fox Gets In on the Action for 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' Trailer  ...
e RZA Comments On Wu Affiliate's Recent Suicide Attempt
m Ebola outbreak: First Briton to contract deadly virus now in London hospital  ...
e Miley Cyrus - Miley Cyrus Honours Dead Pooch With Tribute Tattoo
b Tuesday Sector Laggards: Apparel Stores, Specialty Retail Stocks
m Cuomo touts AIDS reduction
t Apple's famous 'Siri' could soon feature on Android phones too
e Yale Grad Lupita Nyong'o Named People's Most Beautiful Person Of 2014
e Three charged for hurling bottles at Taylor Swift's home
t 8GB iPhone 5C Only Launching In Europe, China And Australia
b Citi profits rise as it seeks to recover from stumbles
b UPDATE 1-Germany's RWE begins natural gas deliveries to Ukraine
t Pricing for OnePlus One 16GB and 64GB models may have leaked ahead of  ...
e Feds Rethink And Reverse Decision Regarding Powdered Alcohol Products
e Chelsea Handler's E! Show 'Chelsea Lately' To End In August
e Film and Music Industries File Lawsuits Against Megaupload
t What to Expect from Apple's Upcoming A8 Chip
b Relatives of Rana Plaza victims block highway for 4hrs
m Mother Arrested for Breastfeeding Baby after Drinking, but later Released
b Ukraine's new leader vows to crush insurgency
e Colbert Under Fire for Asian Tweet
t Scientist identifies world's biggest-ever flying bird
e WATCH: Celine Dion reacts to Richard Dunn's airport video for "All By Myself"
t Microsoft completes the Nokia acquisition–and now is selling Android phones
e 'Guardians of the Galaxy' a cosmic blast of action, humor
e 'Wheel of Fortune' host Pat Sajak takes a poke at global warming on Twitter
e “Mad Men” recap: Alone in a crowd
b Delaware bridge tilt likely from ground shifting - 21 News Now, More Local News  ...
b US home building warms up
e JJ Abrams releases first 'Star Wars: Episode VII' footage
b China satellite detects object in jet search
t Comcast Swallows Time Warner, With Democrats for Dessert
e Katy Perry painting to go on show at National Portrait Gallery in DC
t Explainer: is your iPhone at risk after the Oleg Pliss hack?
t Google's Android Wear – Don't Drink the Kool-Aid
e Scout Willis Goes Topless in NYC to Protest Instagram's Nudity Policies (VIDEO)
b Janet Yellen Policies Still Hurting Savers
t Facebook hit by privacy furore over emotion experiment
m People likely to pick mates with similar DNAs
b AT&T Inc. (NYSE:T) Sings Off On $48.5B Deal To Buy DIRECTV (NASDAQ:DTV)
b Manufacturing index unexpectedly dips in June
e Palm Sunday 2014: Dates, Traditions, And History Of The Beginning Of Holy Week
e Sneed scoop: Chicago lands George Lucas Museum
e Third 'Divergent' Book to Be Split Into Two Movies
e The Fantastic Four Adds Toby Kebbell as Doctor Doom
e 'The Sociology Of Miley Cyrus' And Other Useless College Courses
t Justice probing timing of GM recall; ignition flaw known since 2004
t Butt pics flood Pinterest accounts
e [Video] 2014 MuchMusic Video Awards - The Performances
e 'Walking Dead' sets new finale ratings record with 15.7 million viewers
e Watch Eurovision 2014 Semifinal 2 Live Stream Online! When And Where To  ...
t Universe is More Than 6500 Years Old, Neil deGrasse Tyson Challenges  ...
e Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin Split - He Buys Her a Symbolic Painting
b Posted by Muhammad Iqbal
t Threes Developers Express Concerns About "Rip-offs," Publish Email Chain  ...
b Friday April 18 Mortgage Rates Flat at Citizens Bank - 30yr FRM 4.500%
e Lea Michele Makes Heartbreaking Tribute To Cory Monteith On What Would  ...
e Miley Cyrus Jokes About Date Rape: "Sprinkle Something in Their Drink"
b Sub holders in BES 75% likely to be repaid, says Soc Gen
m Santa Cruz beachgoers react to US surgeon general warning about tanning
e Marc Anthony ordered to pay ex-wife Dayanara Torres $26k per month after  ...
t Jeep reveals six concept cars
e 'Arrow' season 2 episode 20 preview and photos: Roy loses control
b Procter & Gamble to slim down product lineup - Live5News.com | Charleston, SC  ...
t Obama Has Not Kept His Promise to Enforce Net Neutrality
e 'Game of Thrones' Season 4 Finale Sneak Peek: Tyrion's Fate Should Be  ...
b WWE News: Would WWE Split The World Titles At The Money In The Bank PPV?
b VC investment starts year strong, posting huge 1Q
b Metal shares surge on positive Chinese PMI data
b Tokyo stocks open up 1.54%
t Why Apple May Need Beats' Music Streaming More Than Trendy Headphones
m Most Women Don't Need Pelvic Exams – ACP
e Marvel Unveils 'Avengers: Age of Ultron' First Look
b Asian Shares Gain Ahead of Bank of Japan Meeting
e X-Men: Days of Future Past teases 25 moments where mutants changed the world
b Argentina to Move Against Court Order and Force Intermediary Banks for  ...
m Schumacher's 'medical' documents stolen, offered for sale
b Second-Quarter GDP Impresses, But Watch Out for Revisions
t Samsung Gear Live vs. Pebble Steel
m Doctors Will Put Patients In "Suspended" State To Treat Gunshots, Knife Wounds
e Phil Collins donates extensive collection of Texas Revolution artifacts to the Alamo
e Seth Rogen and Judd Apatow: Don't blame us for misogynistic massacre
e Ex-Giant Michael Strahan to join 'Good Morning America,' according to reports
b Twitter User Growth Will Come From Asia-Pacific – Region Accounting For 40  ...
t Microsoft unveils new Surface tablet built with help from Intel
e Kim Kardashian And Kanye West Enjoyed 'Extremely Long' Wedding Kiss More  ...
b AstraZeneca staff have been asking questions about whether to buy homes in  ...
e Destiny's Child Reunites for Michelle Williams' Track 'Say Yes'
t Apple & IBM Team Up for Sales and Apps
e Frankie Knuckles dies
b UPDATE 2-Argentina bonds, stocks firm on possible deal to exit default
e Listen to Jack White's 'Lazaretto,' the World's Fastest Released Record
t Apple, Samsung lawyers trade barbs at Silicon Valley patent trial
e Turkish drama 'Winter Sleep' wins top prize at Cannes
t The First Smartphone Case Ever That I Actually Want To Use
b 7 Things to Know About Box CEO Aaron Levie
t Iceland Volcano Eruption May Be Imminent
e Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inducts Nirvana, Kiss and the E Street Band
t The picture for Aereo turns cloudy after defeat in Supreme Court ruling
e Miley Cyrus fan arrested after sneaking into dressing room
t Las Vegas gas prices surge 5 cents, near $4 a gallon
t Why Tentacles of Octopus are Tangle-free? Researchers have found the Answer
e Disney's 'Aladdin' unleashes a genie on Broadway
e 'The Voice': Blake Shelton Tweets Adam Levine's Cell Phone Number During  ...
b PF Chang's China Bistro confirms credit-card security breach
e Become an Intern for Grey Enterprises with the Fifty Shades of Grey Viral  ...
e Trailer: Brad Pitt steers 'Fury' tank crew
b Gap's 1st-quarter net income declines 22 percent
m World's Heaviest Drinking Countries Revealed: The UK's Spot May Surprise You  ...
e Box Office: 'Transformers: Age Of Extinction' Makes A Record Breaking $301  ...
m Experts: Excess sugar consumption leads to host of diseases
m E-cigarettes are best bet for smokers wanting to quit
e 'Capt. America' tops box office for third week
b Barclays Dark Pool Shunned by Clients
b UK interest rates unlikely to change 'for some time': Schroders
b Barclays fined £26m over fixing of gold prices
b Ackman' Pershing Square, Valeant eye Allergan; reveal stakes - Quick Facts
t First Impression: HTC One M8
e David Arquette Announces Engagement to Christina McLarty Days After Ex  ...
b RCMP identifies 'viable' lead in breach
b June report shows recovery is accelerating
e Watch: What Did Meryl Davis Say When Asked If She Was Having Sex With  ...
t FAA approves of a SpaceX launch site
t Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey
e Kaley Cuoco's Kids' Choice Awards — Get Her Exact Date Night Makeup
e An Easter funeral: Death is not the final word
t Privacy group calls for regulators to act against Facebook
m Sun worshippers see spike in cases of skin cancer (w/video)
m WHO: Spread of polio a health emergency
e Bob Dylan's handwritten 'Like a Rolling Stone' lyrics sell for $2 million
e Guest Column: Depression runs the gamut
e Lindsay Lohan explains infamous 'sex list'
m Company Recalls 4000 Pounds of Beef Due to Mad Cow Fear
t NSA Reportedly Exploited Heartbleed For Spying—But Strongly Denies the  ...
b Longing for Tax Freedom Day
b Treasurys Rise; China Ramped Up Longer-Dated Bond Buying in April
e The Stars Belong to Everyone: Mad Men's Best Song and Dance Moments
b Yen slips after BOJ caution on growth, dollar awaits Yellen
t Galaxy S4 LTE Gets I9505XXUGNF1 Android 4.4.2 Stock Firmware [How to  ...
t Curiosity Rover Celebrates 1-Year Martian Anniversary With a Selfie
e Pinkett Smith slams paps over Willow photo
t A ringed planet to be visible from Chennai on May 10
t Google's Showcases Self-Driving Car, Roams without Steering Wheel or Driver's  ...
b Dollar General Corporation: Dollar General CEO Announces Retirement Plans
t Microsoft to launch Xbox One in China in September, beating Sony to giant  ...
t The Verge Patched Together A "Best-Of Legere" Video From Last Night's T  ...
t Climate change a growing health threat: UN
b U.S. ECONOMICS: Yellen Maintains Commitment to Full Employment Through  ...
t Prairie chicken listed as 'threatened'
e Woman who invented her Holocaust memoir must return $22.5 million
e VIDEO: Fox To Broadcast New 'Grease Live' Musical In 2015
b Two Aldo Leopold graduates plan march against Monsanto in Silver City
e 'How I Met Your Mother' Aired the Perfect Finale for Everyone Who'd Stopped  ...
b Hong Kong's main index tumbles
e David Arquette engaged days after ex-wife Cox: Report
t Apple Replacing Defective iPhone Batteries
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Comes to India for Rs 51000
m Should the Government Slap Tobacco-Style Regulations on Fatty Foods?
m Working-age men in New Mexico are most likely to drink themselves to death  ...
b Pfizer's Shareholders and AstraZeneca's
e Happy Birthday, North West!
t Net Neutrality Forces Slam FCC Draft Proposal
m Opioid Prescriptions Vary Widely Among States
m Samsung says chairman 'stable'
b Nasdaq drops 3%, worst day since November 2011
e Fired New York Times editor Abramson said job was an 'honor'
e Larry Wilmore to replace Stephen Colbert on Comedy Central
t Google to release SDK to get Android into wearables
e 'Breaking Bad' & 'Modern Family' repeat at Emmys, but 'Sherlock' leads all  ...
e Michael Chiklis joins American Horror Story: Freak Show
e Movie reviews: '22 Jump Street' takes shtick to campus
e 22 Jump Street stays top of UK film chart
b Russia, China Secure Nearly Half-Trillion-Dollar Gas Deal
e The Stars Are Ready For Spring On This Week's Best Dressed List
t Google Could Be Working On A Sub-$100 Nexus Smartphone
m Your Health: Colon Cancer Awareness Month, Screening Rates Still Low
e Khloé 'fears romance pressure'
b Survey: Most Firms Affected by Superstorm Sandy Still Have Financing Needs
t Google Censorship: Press Backlash Against EU's 'Right To Be Forgotten' Begins
e Film Review: 'Heaven Is for Real'
m National Health Insurance Corp. Raises Suit against Tobacco Companies
t Microsoft Surface Tablets Lead Windows Tablet Marketshare
e IS EMMA TOO SKINNY? “THE AMAZING SPIDER-MAN 2” STAR CLARIFIES  ...
e kim k Bonnaroo Sheer Top, (INSTAGRAM)
b Barra apologizes for deaths tied to recalled GM cars
e A closer look at the Forbes Celebrity 100 shows parents, dropouts making bank
e Kim Kardashian and stepbrother Brandon Jenner once kissed, Brody Jenner says
b Barnes & Noble Teams With Google To Stem The Amazon Tide
b Bank in $9bn payout over sanctions row
t Steve Jobs in 2010 on Apple TV's future: Magic Wand, apps, Web browser
b Gas prices freeze over weekend
t Steam Controller has been put back a year
e Eric Hill Lives On After Death Via 'The Bachlorette'
e Tupac musical to close after Broadway flop
b Hundreds of thousands vote for greater democracy in Hong Kong
t Amazon Announces A Brand New $9.99 Per Month Unlimited Reading Service
e 'American Idol' movie night: Grab some popcorn
t NVIDIA Launches World's First High-Speed GPU Interconnect, Helping Pave the  ...
t HTC M8 aka All New HTC One Final Roundup: Expected Features, Release  ...
b Suntrust to pay to settle claims of improper loans
e Charles Li calls for a 'rational' debate on dual listings
t Finally Solve a Rubik's Cube With a Little Help From Google
t US Officials Urge Firms to Share Cyber-Threat Data
b Pfizer, AstraZeneca CEOs to Face UK Lawmakers
b Who are the top 50 highest-paid CEOs and what do they earn?
e James Beard Award 2014 Finalists Announced
e Longtime broadcaster Casey Kasem dies at 82
b Number of Rips Given by Redskins About Trademark Ruling: Zero
b Tokyo stocks close down 0.36%
e Top stories from around the world
e Open external links in tabs
t SpaceX and Mars
b RPT-Fitch Downgrades Solocal to 'RD'; Re-Assigns IDR 'B-' ; Outlook Stable
m Egypt reports its first case of MERS virus
e Emergency law for Brooks gigs rejected
e In Batman: Arkham Knight, the Batmobile Is More Than Just a Car, it's a Tank
b Alibaba's Mega IPO: Crowding Out Others?
b Carlyle Group Hires Away Dimon Protégé
m Headbanging caused brain bleed in Motorhead fan
m Fitbit Force had over 10k skin irritation complaints
e Top 10 things you might not know about Casey Kasem
m Study finds link between autism and pesticides
m Census director touring booming North Dakota
e Katherine Heigl Makes Terrible Romantic Comedies, And Now She's Sad About It
b Obama lunches with Hillary Clinton
e Mendes, Gosling expecting a baby
m America's first MERS patient recuperating well in hospital
b Merck to sell consumer care business to Bayer for $14 billion
e Earth To Echo Makes Those Old-School Spielberg Films Feel New Again
m Talk about deep ties: Study suggest friends more alike than strangers in their  ...
e Aneela Zeb Babar's Review - Muppets Most Wanted
b Instant View - Japan May machinery orders post record monthly decline
b eBay Inc (EBAY) Updates Q3 Earnings Guidance
b EU Slaps Sanctions on 15 Russian Politicians, Separatist Leaders and Military  ...
b GRAINS-US corn, soybean futures fall on expected strong harvest
b Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370: 'Very Confident' Detected Signals Are From  ...
b Income and spending showed increase in May
e President Obama: Ellen's selfie a cheap stunt
e Game of Thrones Movie Talks Accompany Multi Final Season Trailers
e Lena Dunham Apologizes for Inappropriate Molestation Tweet
b Drought Forces Migrating Salmon to Go By Truck
b UPDATE 1-HKMA intervenes as deals, China optimism spur Hong Kong dollar  ...
b Stock market live blog: Small stocks rally; Dow, S&P 500 hit records
e Miley Cyrus Adds Ashish To Bangerz Tour Wardrobe
b Book News: Google, Barnes & Noble Team Up To Take On Amazon
b Obamacare needs tweaks to be legacy
m Taking proper measures to control mosquitoes infected with West Nile Virus
e Harry Potter Returns In New Story By JK Rowling
b Dollar up against yen, little changed versus others in New York
b The 'face of Anglo' unscathed by court battle
t Honda Motor, Nissan, Mazda recall 3 mn vehicles worldwide for defect
b Illinois Sues Student Loan Debt Settlement Firms for Illegal Practices
t 'Kill switch' feature may be standard on US smartphones in 2015
m Survey reveals restaurant chains with the unhealthiest food
t Toyota Settles with the U.S. Government in Record-Breaking $1.2 Billion Deal
e Community Is Graduating to Yahoo. Can It Get Even Weirder?
m More than half of 'slow growing' prostate cancer cases more severe than tests  ...
b Apple in talks to buy Beats for $3.2b
t Android Auto vs. CarPlay race about to begin
m Potential breakthrough in multiple sclerosis treatment as scientists ''partially  ...
e Emma Watson 'more spiritual' than religious
t Ask the Buffalo: Android Wear and Moto 360
e Missed Beyonce In Ohio?: Beyonce Performs 'Resentment' For 'On The Run Tour'
t Dwarf planet discovered in solar system's backyard
m Rare 'mono mono' newborn twins doing well in US, held hands for mom to see
b Salesforce Rolls Out Salesforce1 For Retail, Developed On The Back Of A Napkin
t How the iPhone 6 Could Be a Game-Changer for Apple, Inc. Stock
m EU approves first drug for Duchenne muscular dystrophy
e Game Of Thrones Season 4:Westeros happy but who killed the King Joffrey  ...
b Business Live: Pay to beat inflation
e Author who made up Holocaust memoir told to repay US$22.5m
t Industry Analyst Jeff Kagan on Apple Comcast Streaming TV Talks
t Facebook stirs controversy after admitting to conducting study on emotional impact
t Your first tweet revealed on new website
b Copper fluctuates in choppy trade after China growth data
b US Navy Seals seize North Korean oil tanker
b QE could entice investors into Europe
t Bloomberg: Microsoft may lay off thousands, Xbox marketing teams affected
t Samsung & Graphene: Is Company Working With New Technology To Create  ...
e Why Scout Willis Is Walking Around NYC Topless
t HTC M8 Ace Launch Date Rumored for June 3
b Chinese official: No proof to link debris to jet
e STAR WARS: EPISODE VII to Feature Chewbacca
e Cops Called to Break Up Selena Gomez's Ragin' Taco Party
t BRAZIL BEAT: International Space Station crew sends down its World Cup wishes
b Airlines pledge to improve tracking systems following loss of MH370
b Allergan Explores Sale To Sanofi, J&J: Reports
e This 'Maleficent' Preview Offers a Stirring Recreation of an Iconic Disney Moment  ...
m Bradford Council backs new Dementia Friends campaign
t China-only Cadillac ATS-L first official images released
b U.K. inflation falls further below BOE target of 2%
e Kim Kardashian Toe Liposuction: Mrs. West Got 'Loub Job' Ahead Of Wedding  ...
t Deep-sea octopus incubates its eggs during more than four years
t Amazon buys Twitch, company confirms
b US MIDDAY: gold plunges
e Tracy Morgan improving; no longer in critical condition
t Nintendo's Omission of Same-Sex Relationships is Erasure
e Caleb Bankston, 'Survivor' Contestant, Dies In Freak Railway Accident
e Brad Pitt on being 'attacked' by Vitalii Sediuk on the red carpet: 'That nutter was  ...
t Toyota's $1.2B penalty in criminal case offers possible glimpse into future of  ...
e German museum shows living replica of van Gogh's ear grown from relative's cells
b EBay Q1 EPS, Sales Edge Forecasts, But Outlook Misses
m Affordable Care Act slashes rate of uninsured on California college campuses
t Lenovo Recalls Battery Packs for ThinkPad Notebook Computers Due to Fire  ...
b Producer Prices Rise In March
e Remembering Michael Jackson on 5th anniversary of his death
e Share with Shortlink:
t Nokia ends phone production as sale to Microsoft complete
e Nadine Gordimer
t Update Brings Tagging and Image Galleries to Twitter
b Wall Street set for higher open as Putin pushes to annex Crimea
t Windows 8.1 Update: What's new
m Could a compound found in cannabis treat epilepsy?
b Wall Steet retreats on Iraq worries as data boost fades
t VIDEO: Europe's Order To Mute Google Angers US
b Samsung has a smartphone problem
b European car sales grow for 6th month but still weakened
e Stephen Colbert: Best moments from his cable years
m W.African health teams battle to contain Ebola
b Last call on Metro-North's bar cars
t Microsoft appoints Phil Spencer as head of Xbox
e US Independence Day 2014: Whitney Houston, Metallica and Other Stars  ...
b Gas prices up two cents according to AAA
e Gwyneth Paltrow Wanted To Keep Her "Conscious Uncoupling" Private
t Lyrids Meteor Shower Peaks Overnight | Watch NASA's Live Stream
t Hubble celebrates 24th birthday with new picture
m Only 2 percent more Indians donating blood will address shortage
e Paul Walker: speeding blamed in crash that killed Fast & Furious star
b Barnes & Noble, Google Unite to Fight Amazon
m Autism Estimates Rise by 30% for U.S. Children
e MOVIE REVIEW: Hope for a fresh reboot extinguished by bloat and dullness
t Open Thread: New Galaxy S5 Owners, Share Your First Impressions
t Protect your Internet identity with passion
b Updated: WV DEP Reports Second Overflow at Freedom, Violations Issued for  ...
b IMF extends rescue to Ukraine
t Manchester-based Dyn acquires Internet intelligence giant Renesys
e Dr Nduom Easter Message To Ghanaians
t Like Fishing And The Ocean Ecosystem? Thank Whales
e Opinion: Egg freezing a viable option for women who chose to have children  ...
b Amazon's New Twitter Hashtag Puts Items in Your Shopping Cart
e Reunited rap stars OUTKAST sealed their comeback by kicking off the 2014  ...
b Stock futures advancing; Bank of America posts loss; Google sells out Glass: AM  ...
t FCC/DoJ to use Comcast, AT&T deals to set rules
e Family Drama: Jay Z ATTACKED By Beyonce's Sister [VIDEO]
e Bet - Bet Awards Marred By Party Death
t NSA 'hijacked' criminal botnets as a resource for spying
e Gary Oldman: 'I should be an example and I'm an a–hole'
m U.S. Dollar Bill Contains over 3000 Bacteria
b Results Of The April 2014 Euro Area Bank Lending Survey
b State shops prepare for historic marijuana sales
t Apple launches 21.5 inch entry level iMac for Rs. 79900
e 'Mastermind' outfoxes 'G I R L' on Billboard 200
e Netflix Rebooting '90s Favorite 'The Magic School Bus'
t Apple's Beats Acquisition Won't Be Finalized Until Next Week?
m Study suggests breast gene may be linked to high-risk uterine cancer
b NTSB: Chicago train not speeding before crash
e 'Godzilla' demolishes the box office with $93.2 million
e The Best, Most Deranged Story About Gwar You'll Ever Read
e Avicii cancels US show after mystery illness
t Microsoft Desperately Wants You to Stop Using Windows XP
t Apple iPhone 6 versus Samsung Galaxy S5
e Lindsay Lohan suing video game makers
t Varsity Cup SF Video - Cal v CWU
e Opie & Anthony Shock Jock Fired Over 'Racially Charged' Tweets
t No intention of purchasing the Nokia Chennai plant, clarifies HTC
e 'Transformers 4: Age of Extinction' Trailer and Release News: Chinese  ...
e 'Breaking Bad' Star Bryan Cranston Helps Fan Get Prom Date [Video]
b Australian Dollar Rises After RBA Rate Decision
m 11 Unexpected Spring Allergy Triggers
t NASA's Mars Opportunity Rover Sets off-World Record for Covering Largest  ...
e How Are We Supposed to Feel About Tyrion Now?
b Twitter's slowing growth prompts target price cuts
e Winslet honoured with place on Walk of Fame
t Apollo 11 Moon Landing Raised the Bar for Humanity, Astronauts Say (Video)
e Meryl Davis Nabs Near Perfect Score On Dancing with the Stars 'Latin Night  ...
e Film Clip: 'A Hard Day's Night'
e Cold cash just keeps washing in from ALS challenge
t City of Airdrie and local business to celebrate Earth Hour on March 29
t Hubble captures deep space color
t Astronomers Discover First Asteroid with Rings
b Urban Outfitters Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Goldman Sachs (URBN)
e Beyonce urges ban on 'bossy' word
e Ten Deep 4.10.14: Top 10 Reasons Captain America: The Winter Soldier Rules
e Downey Jr's son in drug arrest
b Ronald McDonald: Does the clown still capture fans?
e Khloe Kardashian & Lamar Odom: Why She'll Talk To Him On Her B-Day
e See New Clips from 'Rosemary's Baby'
e George Clooney Steps Down As UN Peacekeeper In South Sudan
e Captain America beats Rio at US box office
t Apple Earnings Roundup: iPhone Strength, Stock Split, Buybacks And More
b Crimea's war dolphins now in hands of Russian navy
t Uber a darling among fans and investors
e Police Investigating Sex Tape Extortion Plot Involving Kris Jenner
b US economy grew at 2.6 per cent rate in 4Q as consumer spending rose faster  ...
e On 'The View,' Sherri Shepherd Cries, Jenny McCarthy Teases New Job (Video)
e Justin Bieber And Selena Gomez Wedding On The Way - But She Won't Marry  ...
e Pharrell Gets “Happy” On SNL For His Birthday [VIDEO]
b The plan is in the mail Another casino deadline arrives
t Motorola Moto G gets 4G LTE, microSD card storage - coming soon for £149
b P&G's New Plan: Keep It Simple Stupid
t Nintendo cash down: can Mario Kart 8 make up for lost time?
m Test accurately rules out heart attacks, large study shows
t TV ratings: 'Big Bang' tops charts; 'Cosmos' makes waves
e Lady Gaga “GUY” (NEW VIDEO)
b 10Y Yield Drops To 10-Month Lows As Stocks Hit Record Highs
e Selena Gomez Dons Flowy Blue Dress With Keyhole And Thigh-High Slit
e Pray For the Spirit of Jesus to Come Over Us: (Church Restoration Series XXV  ...
e Depp talks tech at 'Transcendence' premiere
t Rear-visibility technology to be required in all cars
b Bank of America to spend $9.33B in Fannie and Freddie mortgage security  ...
b Stocks move higher as investors shrug off two-day slump; Sonic jumps on earnings
m Dieters move past calories, food makers take heed
b Why Lithium Bought Klout: Social Depth
b Few long-term unemployed finding jobs
b News Corporation: Lachlan Murdoch Named Non-Executive Co-Chairman of  ...
e Here's why you shouldn't see The Amazing Spider-Man 2
b Federal Reserve To Lower Growth Forecasts?
m Federal government green lights study for pot as PTSD treatment
e High street shop Zara removes child's top after Nazi concentration camp  ...
e For the first time, actual people test world's tallest water slide
m Ebola Death Toll Rises to 467 in West Africa: WHO
e Michael Bay's First Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Trailer Is Here
t Comcast Apologizes For Customer Service Rep's Recalcitrance
e What changed the definition of me | Moms
t Tesco reveals plans to launch own-brand smartphone this year
e Glee's 100th Episode Sneak Peek — Everyone's Back! (VIDEO)
t Microsoft Already Abandoning Most of Its Xbox TV Content, Closing Xbox  ...
b Glencore Xstrata sells stake in Peru mine
m 4 Paraplegic Men Miraculously Move Legs After Electric Spinal Stimulation
t Apple Pledges To Make iOS Emojis More Racially Diverse
m Sen. Mary Kay Papen and Patsy Romero: State has failed those needed  ...
b The Redskins Have Been Stripped of Their Trademarks
t Is Amazon's Fire phone right for you? Probably not
b Surprise call: Entwistle steps down as Telus CEO
b #shopping: Amazon now lets you add basket items via Twitter
t Can Google design car touch-screen that isn't dangerous?
e Healthy and Delicious Mother's Day Brunch Recipes
m Running can increase lifespan, lower heart problems
b China flash PMI shows first expansion
e 'Happy' Goes Viral With Charming Detroit Choir At Heart Of Cover
b Is this the next dotcom bust?
e Powdered alcohol not actually approved after all
b MH370 Data Leaves Many Unanswered Questions
b Asiana crash finding criticises airline, Boeing, automation, training
t China forbids Windows 8 on government computers
e Dr. Dre, Eazy-E Cast For N.W.A. Biopic
b Weir Group proposes tie-up with Finland's Metso
b UPDATE 3-Higher oil prices lift Exxon's profit as production sags
e Draft Day could've been a lot worse
b Thai satellite spots possible wreckage
e Miley Cyrus Cancels 2nd Concert After Hospitalization
e Jesus Lives!
b US STOCKS-Wall St to open lower as China concerns mount
e Yahoo to show 2 comedy series in video expansion
b Iran baffles with fake aircraft carrier
t Developers give Sony's Morpheus headset an excited welcome
b US consumer confidence rises to 85.2 in June
t Twitter Chat: The ethics of Facebook's mood manipulation study
e Are Jay Z and Beyonce Performing at Kim K and Kanye West's Wedding?
t Jupiter's Great Red Spot Shrinking Rapidly
e Sarah Jessica Parker heads back to TV
t Google's Driverless Cars Are Already Better Motorists Than Most Humans
e Late Night's Seth Meyers to Host 66th Primetime Emmy Awards
e Passover observations begin in Israel
b Devon Energy selling some US assets for $2.3B - KTVN Channel 2 - Reno  ...
e First Trailer for The Battle of The Five Armies sings a familiar tune
b Who Could Take the Reins From Jamie Dimon?
t No Evidence Found For Bigfoot or Yeti
b Ukraine fears drove ZEW fall, says economist
t Samsung plans to release standalone smartwatch
e Brian Williams' 'Tonight Show' Rap Trumps NY Mayor Bill de Blasio's 'Jimmy  ...
t Waxman: Goals of FCC's Net Neutrality Draft Are 'Right'
b U.S. Navy to Test 'Star Wars' Technology at Sea in 2016
t Fitbit update details HTC One (M8) integration, widget and more
e 'Fifty Shades of Grey' update: First official photo of Christian Grey released
m Revealed: Eating seven portions of fruit and veg a day could dramatically reduce  ...
e Guardians of the Galaxy: Summer's blockbuster
b Samsung's Q2 operating profit hits 2-year low at $7.1 billion
t Drivers getting a break at the pump
e Mad Men Season 7: Seven Predictions for Don Draper's Return
t Facebook Updates 'Paper' App With Birthdays, Events, Photo Comments and More
t Windows Phone 8.1 update to start rolling out on June 24th
e The 'OITNB' Cast Is Having The Most Fun At The Emmys Red Carpet
b Russia and China sign 30-year contract
b HP to cut thousands more jobs, stock falls on earnings report
e Movie review: 'Guardians of the Galaxy' has the right mix of special effects, acting  ...
e Rapper Andre Johnson Severs Penis, But Survives After Suicide Attempt
b Washington Is Nation's Most Walkable Metropolitan Area, Researchers Say
e 'Mrs. Doubtfire 2′ In Development for Robin Williams and Chris Columbus
b Twitter zooms 29% higher on strong sales and mobile growth
m Polar Bear Gene Mutations Allowed Adaptation To Fatty Diet
b Yahoo Revenue and Earnings Beat the Street
e SEE IT: Chimpanzees watch 'Dawn of the Planet of the Apes'
b Lockheed Martin wins contract for Space Fence
b Etihad reaches accord on Alitalia stake purchase
e Bonnie Says: Sarah Michelle Gellar cruel to slam Kanye West, Kim Kardashian  ...
t Floppy ears, white patches symptoms of 'domestication syndrome'
t 5-year-old boy hacks dad's Xbox account
t Apple Says iPhones, iPads, Macs and iCloud Are Not Affected By The  ...
e Game Of Thrones season 4 episode 7 review: Mockingbird
e A Feast Of Tortured Food Metaphors In Reviews Of 'Chef'
e Police: "The Shield" actor told 911 he shot wife in Los Angeles
e New action-packed TV Spot for Transformers: Age of Extinction (Video)
e 'The Walking Dead' finale goes for the jugular (literally)
e Diane Sawyer signs off as ABC's 'World News' anchor, is moving to a...
b Gallup: Rate of uninsured plummets after Obamacare rollout
e Lea Michele Isn't Pregnant, Another 'Glee' Twitter Account Hacked
b Target 1Q profit falls 16 pct as breach takes toll
e Let Us Now Praise Andy Serkis...
b China Flexes In South China Sea, Sinks Vietnamese Fishing Vessel
t Some Surface Pro 3 Early Adopters Face Networking Issues
m US : Mosquito-borne virus raises health concerns
b Box Inc. publicly files for hotly anticipated IPO
e Captain America The Winter Soldier Final Trailer: Cap Is Days Away!
t Russian hackers ruptures US power grid and gas firms
b Hawaii jobless rate down slightly in January
t OkCupid protests Mozilla CEO over Prop 8 contribution
t Clash of the superstitions: Friday 13th coincides with a full moon – and it could  ...
b Yellen Says Rates to Stay Low as Long as Jobs, Price Gaps Remain
t 'World's Largest' Dinosaur Unearthed
t 64GB OnePlus One Will Launch Ahead Of Schedule
m What a father asked online strangers for days after his baby's death
t Windows 7 users: Don't panic
b IMF Chief Lagarde Under Investigation in French Corruption Probe
m Ebola vaccine to be trialled on UK volunteers
b After weak start, US stocks finish mostly higher
e Interview: Guardians of the Galaxy's Chris Pratt
t Ford will put a Mustang atop Empire State Building
t Twitter considers abandoning the 'retweet'
e Movie Guy: 'Muppets' shine again
e Sia promotes '1000 Forms of Fear' without facing the cameras
t St. Lawrence County legislators oppose Time Warner Cable, Comcast merger
b Dawdling with drones
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S $499 10.5-inch and $399 8.4-inch
e Stephen Colbert's Humor Is No Threat
b Sector Update: Financial
b US new home sales surge in May to fastest pace in six years
t Laser-powered particle accelerator could cut costs: Study
e Journey to Easter: Passover
e Simon Pegg Rumored For 'Star Wars: Episode VII' Role
m Minnesota Becomes First State To Ban Antibacterial Chemical Triclosan From  ...
t 4 Google Adwords Changes That Make Mobile App Advertising Better
e Fox To Launch 'Fake' Prince Harry Reality Dating Series 'I Wanna Marry 'Harry''
e Cannes: Booing The Artist Director's Next Film
e Comic-Con 2014: What were its comic pros and comic cons?
t Xbox One Vs PS4: Could PlayStation 4 Sales Drop After Xbone Controller PC  ...
t Microsoft and Nokia are one big thing now
e Lindsay Lohan Writes Long List Of Past Lovers, Which Includes Heath Ledger  ...
e Book News: Children's Author Walter Dean Myers Dies At 76
b China says one-fifth of its farmland is polluted with toxic metals
t Microsoft's acquisition of (most of) Nokia is set to close on April 25th
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West switch tuxedos and lace for matching 'Just  ...
b WWE Money in the Bank 2014 results: What was 'Match of the Night' in Boston?
e Frankie Knuckles: 1955 – 2014
t Smithsonian finally gets its Tyrannosaurus rex fossil
t FCC will revise proposed net neutrality plan, will ensure it is fair for all
t Apple poaches Swiss watch exec ahead of rumored iWatch launch in October
e Garth Press Conference Set For Thursday (7/10)
t Volvo, Hyundai, Honda Will Offer Either CarPlay Or Android Auto
e The strictest week of fasting began for Christians
t Samsung Gear Solo standalone smartwatch won't require a smartphone to make  ...
m Baby Gates Injure 5 U.S. Children Every Day
b Money Minute: Alibaba IPO Could Rival Facebook's
e Film Review: Wally Pfister's sci-fi 'Transcendence' like a clunky TED talk | The  ...
t Hacked eBay Faces Multiple Investigations
m Steroid jabs might not help in back and leg pain
m Oscar Pistorius: When advocates pounce
t Gas prices continue upward trend, while holding steady in Orlando
e Katt Williams - Police Urge Katt Williams To Get In Touch
m Whole-Genome Scans Not Ready for Widespread Use?
m Stock Update (NYSE:LLY): U.S. FDA approves Eli Lilly drug for stomach cancer
b Blow for Google and IBM as quarterly results disappoint
b US says 5 from China's military stole trade secrets
t Early Adopters Draw Short Straw? Google Glass Updates to 2GB of RAM
t Google trolling us again: mentions yellow Nexus 5 and may have hinted HTC  ...
e Because “I'm Tacky”! Watch Spoof of Pharrell's “Happy”
m Pistorius was not mentally ill - report
t PS4 top-selling console for sixth consecutive month in US
e Michelle Rodriguez, Cara Delevingne Get Frisky In Mexico [Photos]
b BlackBerry revenue plunges 64 per cent, suffers loss
t WATCH: The Samsung Galaxy S5 Active exists, and has been filmed for the first  ...
m Married Couples Have Fewer Heart Problems, Report
e People: Kevin Spacey selfie with Mexican president spurs debate
e Box Office: '22 Jump Street' Leads 'How to Train Your Dragon 2′ in Early  ...
e Hilary Duff's Perfect Return To Music Has Arrived! Listen To Chasing The Sun  ...
e Ruby Dee Was a Badass
b S. Africa shrugs at Nigeria growth jump
b Candy From a Baby. King Posts Solid Quarter With Candy Crash Saga
b Yahoo! Stock Price Up 5.9% After Earnings Beat (YHOO)
m West African health ministers meet on Ebola crisis
e Mick Jagger 'Struggling to Understand' Death of Girlfriend L'Wren Scott
e 'Noah' rises to top of box office with $44M
b Camera Upstart GoPro Reveals IPO Plans -- Update
m Young blood holds key for reversing ageing: Studies
b GM boosting China production capacity to 5 million, expects Cadillac sales in  ...
b EUR/USD reaches 1.3993 then retreats sharply on Draghi comments
t What Is Occultation? Massive Asteroid 163 Erigone To 'Black Out' The Bright Star  ...
t Could Apple Be Getting Ready To Launch Electronic Payments?
b Microsoft Office Is Finally on the iPad, Available for Download Now
e Mick Jagger led tributes to L'Wren Scott at late designer's Los Angeles funeral
m Saudi Arabia takes heat for spread of MERS virus
t MIT Researchers Develop Robot Fish that Moves like the Real Thing
b Credit Suisse, Deutsche surprise with Yankee bonds
t Suzuki Recalls Nearly 200000 Small Cars Amid Fire Concerns
b JD.com's IPO Shows Strong Appetite For Chinese Tech Companies
e Last season 4 GAME OF THRONES trailer is epic
t 'Blood Moon' Total Lunar Eclipse may be visible early Tuesday
t AT&T Now Have Samsung's Galaxy S5 and Gear 2 Line Up for Pre-Order
m Shares of MannKind Plummet Prior to Drug Advisory Meeting
t Samsung Launches Flagship Galaxy Tab S Tablets With AMOLED Displays In  ...
e 'Orphan Black' recap: The most confusing thing that happened this week  ...
t EIA: US average gas price has dropped every day in July; plunged for 32  ...
e Muppets Most Wanted: Energetically daft but not always funny or charming
t Samsung launches two tablets
t Mercedes-Benz Recalls More Than 284000 Cars To Fix Lights
e Nobel Prize-winning author Gabriel Garcia Marquez died
e Peanuts Teaser Trailer: Charlie Brown and Snoopy Reunite for 3-D Feature Film
e Weekend Movies: Here We Go Again
t Apple refreshes MacBook Pro with Retina display lineup, drops prices
e True Blood season 7 episode 3 review: Fire In The Hole
b Carl Icahn Has a New Plan to Spin Off PayPal
t Obama Administration OKs Super Noisy Airguns in Opening up Atlantic Coast to  ...
e The Other Woman (2014)
e TV networks' plea: Watch now
e Watch: First Official 'The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies' Trailer
e THE BACHELOR: CHRIS SOULES IS THE NEW BACHELOR
b Dollar steady ahead of Janet Yellen congressional appearance
m Peace Corps volunteers in isolation after Ebola exposure
e Bloom brushes off Bieber fight and enjoys budding love life
e Follow the four “B's” for fireworks safety
t E3: Sony Joins Occulus in Virtual Gaming Race
e 'Good Morning America' ex-host Joan Lunden has breast cancer
b Italy MPS bank board proposes 5-billion-euro capital increase
e Happy Birthday, Lady Gaga! See a New Photo of the Star Before She Was Famous
b Alibaba's IPO likely to be on US market
t Lyrid meteor shower live stream available on Slooh
b With the US pumping, oil from the Middle East shales in significance
b Tesco to increase price investment to turnaround declining sales
t OnePlus arrives on smartphone scene with One
m Gilead Pricing Probed By House; Biotech Stocks Drop
b US telecom giant AT&T nearing deal to buy satellite broadcaster DirecTV
b American Airlines, US Airways pulling fares from Orbitz websites
b Flash Boys
e Peaches Geldof's Last Day In Instagram Pictures Before Her Tragic Death
m Bacteria related to Cholera found in Florida waters causes grave health concerns
m Ohio County Reports Cluster of Suspected Cases of Measles
m E-cigarettes may be 'toxic,' UCR researchers say
b Tesla electric cars only a shock to old fogeys
t T-Mobile goes nuts at today's Uncarrier 5.0 and 6.0 event
t Designer takes Quantum Leap forward, creates surprisingly accurate iPhone Air  ...
t Climate Records Shattered in 2013
t Drunk boating crackdown gets underway Friday
t Android 4.4.3 KitKat May and June Release for Google Nexus 4, Nexus 5, Nexus  ...
m UPDATE 1-US FDA moves to ban sales of e-cigarettes to minors
m An aspirin a day may not be so great for your health after all, says new FDA study
e Sick Macca cancels Japan tour dates
e What Jay-Z said to Solange before hotel attack (according to Twitter, anyway)
t Fraud, sex, post-it art: Google cuts search links
t Tesla's Brilliant --- and Generous --- Move to Help Save the Planet
b Devon Energy selling some US assets for $2.3B - WBOC-TV 16, Delmarvas  ...
b GE Climbs On Q1 EPS Beat, Helped By Industrial Business, Cost Cutting
b Time Warner win would make Rupert Murdoch US media king
e Bobby Womack, soul god, dies at 70
b TrueCar IPO Up 15%
m FDA: Warning on popular acne products
e 'The Walking Dead' Season 4, Episode 16 Spoilers: Nobody Messes with Rick  ...
t Intel launches Core M tablet offensive
e CBS' 'Extant': Halle Berry as an astronaut in suspenseful tale
e NBC Cancels Three More Dramas, Picks Up Three New Comedies
b Major Averages Hovering In Positive Territory In Mid-Day Trading
e 'Game of Thrones' recap | Tyrion goes on trial, and we like him when he's angry
m Portlanders scramble over boil water order
b Mortgage rates drop for second straight week
e True Blood recap: Fire in the Hole
t Trending today: Facebook removes mom's photo of girl's bare bum - Cincinnati  ...
t Google buys drone maker Titan Aerospace
e Kim Kardashian To Revive Defunct Music Career With Help Of Kanye West
e Jamie Foxx joins 'Spider-Man' family as good guy gone bad
e Arnold Schwarzenegger Says His Cyborg Ages in 'Terminator: Genesis'
m Mosquito spraying set in Lake Forest Estates in Flower Mound
e Lindsay Lohan to make stage debut in Speed-the-Plow in the West End
t Wave goodbye to shopping lists
e 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' movie review: One for the diehard X-fans
m Up to 5000 exposed to hepatitis at Mo. Red Robin
b Warren Buffett says Coca-Cola can easily reduce pay plan
e There's A Game That Let's You Grow Nicki Minaj's Butt
e Comic book fans react to Archie's shocking death
e Kim Kardashian Shares Father's Day Photo (See Photo!)
e Television Critics Association Award nominees announced
t New Flagship HTC One M8 Available Today
t SONGZA BOUGHT BY GOOGLE TO BOLSTER SEARCH GIANT'S MUSIC  ...
b UK Market Drops
e '22 Jump Street' vs. 'How to Train Your Dragon 2' movie reviews: See it, save it or  ...
t LINUX/OPEN SOURCE Tesla Handing Over the Keys to Its Technology
e Miley Cyrus could be in hospital for 27 days
t Move Over, Cheetah – This Mite Is Now The World's Fastest Land Animal
e Miranda Kerr's Sexy Secret Might Shock Orlando Bloom
t GM recalls thousands of new pickups, SUVs
t China's Supersonic Submarine? Not Gonna Happen
t It Is Still (Just About) Cheaper To Fly To New York And Buy A Macbook Air Than  ...
e Kim Kardashian's 'Vogue' Cover Might Outsell Beyoncé's
m Replacing old blood with new one: it works on mice, but does it on humans?
b With buyout offer, rival scrambles Hillshire's acquisition plans
m The FDA Looks to Regulate E-cigarette Marketing
b Chinese Millionaire's New York Charity Meal Creates Chaos
b Report: Pfizer Mulls $101B Bid for AstraZeneca
b Wall St ends higher as blue chips rally, Intel up late
t After weeks of decline, Rockford gas prices up again
b Tesla gigafactory decision may come at end of year
e Germany puts on hold firm's Russian military deal
b The 21 Affordable Care Act deadline extensions
e Orange Is the New Black Season 2 Premiere and Cast News: Full Trailer  ...
e Weird Al gives Royals wrap treatment
b The Biggest Company Yet to Ditch the US for Tax Reasons
b Where does money come from? The Bank of England explains all
e Andrew Stern Suicide: Katie Cleary's Husband Tried Once Before, Was  ...
t Apple sheds insular ways at Worldwide Developers Conference
b Southern and Turner to Buy Macho Springs From First Solar
e The 7 Most Uncomfortable Moments From the Game of Thrones Purple Wedding
t The most unfounded Apple rumour is the most sensible yet
e If You Didn't Watch The I Wanna Marry 'Harry' Premiere, Here Is Every  ...
b Ousted Symantec CEO may get $18.5 mln in severance payment
b New Home Sales in US Dip in July, Surprises Industry
b US Oil Settles Near Two-Month Low; Brent Futures Climb
b Search For Malaysian Airliner Yields Possible Clues
e Lindsay Lohan sues Grand Theft Auto 5 creators for allegedly using her likeness
e AXS TV airs live coverage of Coachella performances
t Verizon says Chromebook Pixel LTE data snafu will be fixed
b Water reporting requirements expanded for loggers
t 900 Social Insurance Numbers stolen due to Heartbleed bug
b Obama to sign orders boosting equal pay laws
t Tesla Stock Forecast Based On Predictive Analytics (TSLA)
t AOL.com Article - Anniversary of Apollo 11
e 'Twilight' star Nikki Reed splits from husband
e Zac Efron Spotted Kissing Michelle Rodriguez On a Boat While Vacationing In Italy
t Investors Sideline Facebook on Oculus Buy
t Hands on: Samsung Galaxy S5 sticks to formula
e 'True Blood' finale: Stick a stake in it already
e Jonathan Safran Foer brings literature to Chipotle Cups (really)
t New 'chicken from hell' dinosaur identified
e Nick Cannon Cheated On Mariah Carey?! Not So Quick, Says Nick's Dad, Who  ...
e ENTERTAINMENT: Secrets rule Westeros in new 'Games of Thrones' trailer
e Holly Grove: Churches ready for Easter Sunday
b Stocks edge higher at the start of another major week for corporate earnings
b Tony Abbott say searchers 'confident' undersea signals are from jet's black box  ...
t Poor Wii U sales see Nintendo post third annual loss in a row
e Mariah's 'Chanteuse' could get a boost from good reviews
e Rare footage of FDR walking emerges capturing his 'brave struggle'
e 'Divergent' franchise kicks off with $56 million box-office, shy of some expectations
t Amazon unveils scanner to shop from home
t Mario Kart 8 PC and smartphone service revealed
t Mobile Apps Susceptible to Heartbleed, Too
b Colin Kaepernick defends self after Miami allegations
e Kristin Bauer van Straten talks Pam's 'True Blood' ending
e Dancing With The Stars 18 Eliminated Nene Leaks & Tony Dovolani In April 28th  ...
b UPDATE 1-Putin says will be hard to work with Ukraine's new leaders
m Obama administration appoints HealthCare.gov CEO
e 10 Ways Blue Ivy Carter Is Already Better Than All Of Us
e Gwen Stefani to Replace Aguilera on 'The Voice'
b Business briefs: Fed blocks dividend hikes for 5 banks
t Google Turns Your Smartphone Into Virtual Reality Headset With Cardboard
e O'Reilly Hits Back at Colbert as 'Darling of the Far Left' and 'Ideological Fanatic'
b #PreMarket Primer: Thursday, March 27: Citigroup Falls Short In Stress Tests
b IRS Ramps Up ID Theft and Refund Fraud Enforcement Efforts
t World Court imposes ban on Japanese whaling
t The NSA Can Spy On Almost Everybody, Google Buys Songza, And More  ...
t Nexus 9 aka HTC 'Volantis' Tablet Snapshots, Key Specifications Surface Online a
e 'Bachelorette' Finale Shocking? Andi Engaged To Josh, Nick Left Heartbroken  ...
t Heartbleed bug denial by NSA and White House
e And Selena makes three
t Toyota payment could be glimpse into GM's future
m Baby Gates Not As Safe As Parents Think
b Chiquita buys Fyffes to create world's biggest banana supplier
t Facebook Messenger Goes The WhatsApp Way
t The day Songza's cofounder destroyed me at mini golf
b London midday: Oil stocks lead markets higher ahead of FOMC
t Ohioans expected to get meteor show early Saturday
t Live blog recap: Closing arguments in Apple-Samsung patent trial
t Google Project Tango prototype features Apple-owned technology: iFixit
b Alibaba's IPO making Facebook look like peanuts
t Lobbying intensifies as net neutrality faces threat
t Guest commentary: State senators should be ashamed for caving to phone  ...
e Mick Jagger: 'I am struggling to understand why L'Wren Scott ended her life'
e Officials: Reality TV Star Benzino Shot By Nephew at Funeral in Mass.
e The Bachelorette 2014 Live Recap: The Finale - Who Did Andi Choose? And  ...
t Toyota reveals £40k Fuel Cell Sedan
b Russian stocks pressured; Visa, MasterCard stop serving two Russia banks  ...
m VIDEO: Breast cancer patients devastated by funding cut
t First impressions: Samsung Galaxy K Zoom
e Sharknado 2 Review: Just the Right Amount of Bite
e Literary Magician Who Chronicled a Continent
t Facebook buying virtual-reality company for $2B - KTUL.com - Tulsa, Oklahoma  ...
b TSX higher
m Jenny McCarthy Anti-Vaccine? She Says No, But Parents Need Option
b Spanish PMI hits seven-year high
e 'Sherlock' Will Return For A Special And Three Episodes
b Mayor Dennis Kneier Resigns Over Dog Poop Throwing Incident Caught On Tape
t WANT TO KNOW WHAT'S FOR LUNCH AT YOUR SCHOOL?
t Apple Launches Series of Updates at WWDC
e Kiefer Sutherland Responds to Freddie Prinze Jr.'s Comments
t Swedish city introduces payment by hand scanning
e Beyonce-Jay-Z splitsville rumors continue
m Scientific advance allows adults' stem cells to be cloned
t Ubisoft: PS4 & Xbox One Will Combine for 30 Million Units Sold by March 2015
e Kaley Cuoco Opens Up about Ten-Day Fling with Henry Cavill
e 9/11 museum opens, fast food workers strike, protesting the World Cup | May 15
t Spanish scientists to observe “blood moon” eclipse from Peru
e Drew Barrymore welcomes second baby girl with husband Will Kopelman and  ...
b China Manufacturing Purchasing Managers Index (PMI) for June: 51.0 (vs  ...
m Fist bumps less germy than handshakes: study
b Nokia Q1 profit jumps 10 pct to $299 mn, beats expectations
b Barclays PLC Marketing Document Released As Bank Shunned
b South Dakotans to get $390K in e-book settlement
e The Easter Triduum: Entering into the Paschal Mystery
t Cisco to invest over $1B in cloud computing, but will it be enough?
e Writer Gabriel Garcia Marquez in 'very fragile' condition
b US Close: Stocks slide as Fed officials talk ahead of meeting minutes
b 'Ill-fated' Malaysian Airlines mulls changing name to boost reputation
t BlackBerry revenue falls below a $1 billion as company sells few new BlackBerrys
t Iran says no plan to summon Facebook chief
e Lolo Jones' Drake-Rihanna 'joke' sparks Twitter backlash
b US grounds entire F-35 fighter jet fleet after unexplained fire
m Barely-elevated blood pressure may raise stroke risk by 66 percent
e Record companies sue Pandora over music made before 1972
m US stocks mostly down as investors digest earnings
e Lana Del Rey splits from boyfriend
m Cardinal regrets missing meeting with pope 'to report on Chicago'
m Staying active may help prevent dementia
b EPA Sets Stricter Emissions Standards
m Drug recalled after different pills found in its bottles
b US government to unveil record fine for France's BNP: sources
e The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back  ...
e Top Disney executive Anne Sweeney leaving post to become TV director
e Jessica Simpson weds retired NFL player Eric Johnson at California ranch
e Robin Thicke ripped on Twitter, hasn't seen Paula in four months
t Samsung unveils high-end Galaxy Tab S
t OkCupid Brags About Manipulating Online Daters in Secret Tests
t Google retracts decision to delete British newspaper links
e Criticism of cancellation of Garth Brooks concerts
b Ships Retrieve Possible Debris For The First Time
b BBC Turkey mistakes women's identities in Soma blunder
b US jobs report shows growth in part-time, low-wage work
t Update on Climate Change: Trying to Reduce Poverty Through Climate Action
m FDA approves Entyvio to treat ulcerative colitis and Crohn's disease
e Ex-Kiss drummer Peter Criss denies former bandmate Paul Stanley's charges  ...
b TD Bank 30 and 15 Year Mortgage Rates Today Mar 20
e Weekly Movie Review: Captain America: The Winter Soldier
b Dollars and Sense: Economic rising tide or financial flash flood?
b Crafts retailer Michaels raises $473 million in IPO
m Married Couples Tend To Have Similar DNA
t Samsung Claims Major Breakthrough in Flexible Display Tech
t Rare ?Blood Moon? Eclipse Arrives
b Ignition Switch Recall Wipes Out GM Profits
e Bieber springs surprise at South by Southwest
e Justin Timberlake `fan` MJ recorded duet with singer
t 'Halo' TV Series: Showtime in Talks for Stephen Spielberg-Microsoft Adaptation
m How America's Unhealthiest Meals Are Destroying Your Body
m Speaking Two Languages Keeps Brain From Aging
m Children of same-sex couples are happier and healthier than their peers, study  ...
e Gwen Stefani Is Replacing Christina Aguilera On 'The Voice'
b Relativity makes 11th-hour play for Maker
e Dancing with the Stars 2014 Recap: Premiere Performances (VIDEO)
b Target appoints Bob DeRodes as CIO after massive data breach
t Charter Fights Comcast-Time Warner Deal
e 'Game Of Thrones' Season 4 Spoilers: 'Breaker Of Chains' Rape Scene Raises  ...
b US auto sales rise in July, helped by discounts
t Skype's Star Trek-like universal translator is amazing whether it works or not
t Nokia X2 dual-SIM Android smartphone launched for $134, introduces the home  ...
t 'Watch Dogs' PR Stunt Leads to News Station Evacuation
t 14 new frog species found in troubled Indian habitat
b Internet Stocks Moving After Hours: Expedia Inc (NASDAQ:EXPE), Web.com  ...
b Euro Backtracks Sharply As ECB Hints At June Move
e Miley Cyrus shares semi-naked selfie and shows off a lot of boob in more racy  ...
e L'Wren Scott's company heavily in debt before her apparent suicide
t Start Your Instagram Account Today with These Easy Steps
e Spotify now has 10 million paying subscribers and 40 million active users
m Oklahoma Prescribes Fourth Most Painkillers in the U.S.
m Pistorius not mentally ill when he shot girlfriend, experts say
t AT&T plans to expand its fiber optics service
t UN Bans Japan's Antarctic Whaling
t Red Hat to Acquire eNovance for $95M
m At 3540 calories, most 'Xtreme' restaurant meal is a 'monster'
b US hiring surges as unemployment dips to 6.1% (VIDEO)
t Facebook's $2B Oculus Buy Angers Users
e Andy Warhol's lost computer art found
b Five things to know about Alibaba
t Microsoft Acquires Nokia Devices And Services Business
e Chewie Could Be Bacca Bacca Bacca For Star Wars: Episode VII
b Quiznos bankruptcy: Why only seven outlets affected
e 'Gardening' director
t Netflix Strikes Interconnection Deal With Verizon
b South Africa loses its economic crown
e Is there an alternative to the sack for David Moyes?
m UN warns of polio 'emergency'
e Need To Know: Miley Cyrus Shows Off New Meow-Worthy Tattoo
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S Makes iPad Air Look Fat
t Thousands of copies of the WORST VIDEO GAME EVER have been found in a  ...
b Analysts see reasons to support Microsoft
b Write-Downs on CEE Operations Cost Austrian Corporations Billions
m Colorado Girl Shaves Head for Cancer-Stricken Friend; School Objects
b India's manufacturing, services growth outpaced China in June: HSBC
t Japan Must Halt Antarctic Whaling Program, UN Court Rules
e How to watch Bonnaroo live online
t Scientists discover largest dinosaur ever to have walked the earth
b US stock futures head lower
e I See Movies for Free: Robert Downey Jr. tweets Tulsan from "Avengers 2" set
b Understand India's concerns over NSA snooping: John Kerry
t U.S. government helped fund Facebook experiment that manipulated users  ...
b Gametime for ECB, Europe ETFs
e 'West Memphis Three' Director Amy Berg Developing Hollywood Sex Abuse Doc  ...
e All My Children actor Matthew Cowles dies at the age of 69... leaving behind his  ...
b US Bankcorp 30 and 15 Year Mortgage Rates Today Jul 6, 2014
t Toyota Settlement Sets Bar for GM Recall
t iPhone 6 Release Date Might Be Far Earlier Than Expected
e Oh, The Shade: Adrienne Bailon Reminds Kim Kardashian Of Her Sex Tape  ...
e Fourth Trailer For 'Game Of Thrones' Season Four Is Released (Watch It!
m New “Bionic Pancreas” Offers Hope To Type-One Diabetics
b Phosphorus reduction in bay losing steam in places
t Soyuz rocket carries three additional astronauts to the ISS
b Posted by Parvez Jabri
b Wall Street Rejoices as Twitter's Shares Surge
e Sharknado isn't just stupid. It's bad for cinema.
b Asiana pilots blamed for crash
e 'Divergent' Unscripted Sneak Peek: A New Faction for Shailene (VIDEO)
m Study to test "chocolate" pills for heart health
e George Clooney and Amal Alamuddin Throw Low-Key Engagement Party in  ...
t Alibaba's IPO Filing: Everything You Need to Know
e 'Transformers' Producer Lorenzo di Bonaventura On Film Critics, 'Transformers 5  ...
e 'The View': Mean, Dumb Rosie Returns?
b Fed bond-buying program to end in October
t Facebook chooses Zambia to launch Internet.org app
t Microsoft Tablet Review and Specs: Surface 2
t Apple recalls iPhone 5 for battery woes - NBC-2.com WBBH News for Fort Myers  ...
e 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' unearths $100M box office debut
b $A slightly higher after RBA meeting
e Michael Bay's full-body beatdown
b Even Republicans are talking about America's growing wealth gap
e 'Sharknado 2' storms Hudson River with NJ's Ian Ziering, Tara Reid
t Fan TV nabs Time Warner Cable support, coming in Q2 for $99
t Air bags' humidity problem drives new round of auto recalls
t Nokia completes sale of handset business to Microsoft Corporation
t Side-by-Side Comparisons Show the Massive Visual Overhaul in Android L
e Jay Z -- Alleged Extortion Plot Over $20 Million Master Recordings
e BACK ON TRACK: Amanda Bynes Gives Us A Glimpse Of Her Bikini Body  ...
e Bad Santa star relishes TV role in Fargo
e Iggy Azalea Was Upset After Nicki Minaj's BET Awards Speech
e Father of UCSB shooting victim Christopher Martinez: 'When Will This Insanity  ...
m Watching more that 3 hours of TV a day increases your chance of dying early
e Michael Strahan Close To Finalizing Deal To Co-Host 'Good Morning America'
b Wal-Mart takes on Western Union with store-to-store money transfers
b Pound to New Zealand Dollar (GBP/NZD) Exchange Rate Slightly Softer, USD  ...
b Deutsche Bank Profit Beats Estimates on Trading Revenue
t Now hiring! Foxconn needs 100000 bodies for Apple iPhone 6 production
e SCANDAL Preview: The Grant Children Visit The White House
t Ad sales slump but Yahoo promises an Alibaba payday
t Frustration at US-focus as Google Glass sells out in one-day sale
e Sarandon's casting in 'Tammy' was crazy: Melissa McCarthy
b Wall St stocks flat despite strong US economic rebound
e 'Game Of Thrones': The Best And Worst Of 'Breaker Of Chains'
b NZ Dollar Extends Rise To Nearly 3-month High Against Yen
e Why Did Kate Winslet Name Her Baby Bear Blaze?
b BOJ's Iwata: Yen will appreciate if only Japan has deflation
e St. Paul's Josh Hartnett gets his creepy on for Showtime series
t Spritz: 5 Things to Know About New Speed Reading App
e Jamie Dornan And Dakota Johnson Are Already Record Breakers Thanks To  ...
e Bryan Singer - Bryan Singer Accuser Won $2 Million Over Party 'Attack' - Report
t Google's new pupil: diabetes-detecting contact lenses
e Kardashian family land in Paris
e Emmys 2014: Sherlock sweetens an otherwise bitter night for British stars
m Petco to stop selling all treats from China after FDA release on dog deaths
t Law Enforcement Will Be Looking For Texting And Driving
m Cranial RAM cram plan aims to restore memory
b UK House Price Warning Issued By Think-Tank
t A case of Heartbleed
e Jimmy Fallon Pulls an Epic 'Fifty Shades of Grey' Prank
e Was Shakespeare a Good Actor?
t Samsung Galaxy Smartphones Get UK Government Security Green Light
b SanDisk To Buy Fusion-io For $1.1 Billion, Down $370 Million From 2011 IPO  ...
e Rare 19th-century postage stamp may fetch up to $25 million in New York
b ECB's Weidmann Says Quantitative Easing Not out of the Question
t Motorola launches the Moto E in India at Rs 6999; to be available exclusively on  ...
e Read J.K. Rowling's new post for the latest Harry Potter 'gossip'
e Melissa McCarthy broke down at the sight of her Tammy billboard
e Who is George Clooney's fiancée Amal Alamuddin? We find out!
t New Ram compact van will take on Ford Transit Connect
t Microsoft Surface Pro 3: First Ergonomic Impressions
e Paul McCartney cancels Japan tour over illness
e The Black Keys Unveil 'Turn Blue' 2014 Tour Dates
e 'The Bachelorette,' LSU grad Andi Dorfman, makes her choice on season finale
b Popeyes founder Al Copeland's family sell fried chicken recipes: Smart deal or  ...
e Sam Woolf - It's Time - American Idol 2014 Top 6
t Several reasons you shouldn't buy Google Glass - yet
b FTSE up on company updates, Barclays jumps
m She is surviving colon cancer
e Met Ball 2014: Behind The Scenes
t Titanfall review: Multiplayer first-person shooter will get you addicted
b Singapore shares hit near 1-year peak; SingPost surges to record
b Credit Agricole Warns: Don't Buy EUR Ahead Of This Week's ECB
e Lea Michele Shows Her Legs Some Love In A Short Romper At Her Book Signing!
m Anthrax incident 'should never have happened,' CDC chief says
e Cancel your afternoon and watch the Frozen cast dance to Thriller
t Google Unveils Tool to Encrypt Email Messages
b French bank accepts harsh US conditions, pulls out of Cuba
e Bob Dylan's handwritten lyrics to 'Like a Rolling Stone' sell for $2 million
b GameStop Corp. Surges As Strong Xbox One, PlayStation 4 Sales Power Q1  ...
e Olivia Munn Lives In A Haunted House
e Alicia Keys Nude, Pregnant & Instagram: 'Girl on Fire' Singer to Have a Second  ...
e Tensions rising: Beyonce, Jay Z going separate ways?
b Amazon.com Given New $430.00 Price Target at Macquarie (AMZN)
t How Windows RT apps differ from those for Windows 8
m Binge drinking causes 10 percent of deaths in US
t Tim Cook touts 20 million Apple TVs sold, disses Amazon's HBO deal
e What Jason Momoa Will Be Mad About When He Shows Up As Aquaman In The  ...
t Apple's MacBook Air range gets an upgrade; prices reduced by Rs 2000
b Posted by Shoaib-ur-Rehman Siddiqui
e Juan Pablo Galavis Uses the R-Word on Twitter, Then Defends It Intensely
e Kim Kardashian And Kanye West To Wed Privately This Week
b Citigroup Prepares To Write Obama A $7 Billion Check; Investors Should Steer  ...
m relay for life run
e Why did Bradley Cooper gain 40 pounds?
b Disney to buy YouTube studio
e Prairie Nerds: "Star Wars: Episode VII" updates: Cast grows, production delayed  ...
m Vaginas, made in a lab, hailed as scientific win
e Total Ariana Live: Grande's 'Break Free' Premiere & VMA Surprise
e Six Things You Need To Know About The Premiere Episode Of "Lindsay  ...
t TSLA: Tesla Direct Sales Get One Step Closer in NJ
b Ex BP-employee settles US insider-trading charges
e Frozen now biggest animated movie ever; Hollywood execs to declare “Golly  ...
t Unfortunate End to Texas Grand Prix Weekend for Movistar Yamaha
e Record Store Day 2014: The spin is still in
t Tesla shares electric car patents with world via open source
e Lupita Nyong'o is People magazine's 'Most Beautiful Woman'
b Semi Of The Future Aims To Drive Itself
b Amazon hikes Prime membership
e 'Girl Meets World': Trailer stars aged Cory and Topanga
m Could The Ebola Outbreak Spread To Europe Or The US?
b July 3, 2014 - Happy 4th July! - Here is Your Weekly Market Wrap LIVE from the  ...
b Ask Matt: Should I copy Buffett's stock picks?
t Did Pluto's biggest moon once have a subsurface ocean?
b Fed-fueled stocks and bonds rise, dollar falls
b Twitter COO Rowghani quits his post
e Idina Menzel has forgiven John Travolta
e NFL wants $16.6 million for MIA's middle finger
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Available For Pre-Order On AT Friday
e Corporate Capital, A New SXSW Paradigm (WRAP-UP)
b Hewlett-Packard Company (HPQ) Q2 Earnings Meet Estimates; To Cut More Jobs
b Gazprom: Analysts Question Impact Of China Deal
e Superhero Needed to Fight U.K. Sexism
t With questions swirling, ULA hastens Delta 4 production
b Police: Central Texas man not involved in Target breach
e The judges
e Miley Cyrus Lip Tattoo 'Coming Off,' Revealed As Fake
b Alibaba's IPO filing casts light on Amazon's shortcomings
e Usher And Adam Levine Cover D'Angelo On 'The Voice' (Video)
e 'True Blood' fave talks this week's shocker
e Jay-Z: Scared Solange Knowles Will Hit Him…
b Coming up: How can Social Security add GREEN to your retirement cash flow?
e Wanna marry Prince Harry? Be a part of this new show!
b EU Commission approves UK's Carphone, Dixons merger
b Toyota makes record profit as major markets recover
b QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) Q2 Earnings: What To Expect Today
e Tape Of Anti-Gay Remarks Made On Salem's Janet Mefferd Show Costs  ...
e Game of Thrones Actress Seems to Confirm the Worst About Lady Stoneheart
e Honeymoon Night With Justin? Jennifer Aniston 'Plans Pre-Wedding Crash Diet'
e Solange Knowles makes first red carpet appearance since lift incident with Jay Z
t ICJ Orders Japan to Halt Antarctic Whaling Program Jarpa II
t New LG G3 Concepts Emerge Ahead of Launch Date
b Fed's Dudley: No One Can Say When First Rate Increase Will Be
t Amazon Makes Pitch To App Developers Ahead Of Rumored Smartphone Launch
m Pfizer says experimental drug shows promising results treating advanced breast  ...
m Paralyzed person to kick off the World Cup, thanks to robotic exoskeleton
e Prince George Gives Kate Middleton a Royal Run Around at Father's Day Polo  ...
b How Russian sanctions could pinch Western companies
e Khloe Kardashian Warns 'Don't F**k With My Sisters' Amid Selena Gomez's  ...
b Smith & Wesson gun sales down
m Newly Approved Device Combats Opioid Overdose
b Tue 10:20 am: Auto sales flat for first quarter
e Austrian Drag Performer Conchita Wurst Moves into Eurovision Final: VIDEO
t Scientists find expansive water reservoir below Earth's crust
m Allegheny County sees 2nd measles case in a month
t Ban on Internet fast lanes proposed
e Dee was a big supporter of NBTF
b DISNEY DRONES: Filed Patents Reveal Dazzling Applications For Light Shows  ...
m Time to break out the insect repellent, long sleeves, to guard against ticks
t Feds Reportedly Investigating Whether GM Hid Ignition Defect In Bankruptcy Filing
t Box's $250 million IPO, Oakley designs Google Glass : Round up
t Week 23 news in review: Galaxy Tab S, iPhone 6, S5 mini leak
t Channel continues to wait for Surface
t Roku Streaming Stick 2014 ready to battle Chromecast now
t Plastic HTC One M8 Ace may land in early June
b Can John Chen save Canadian smartphone firm Blackberry?
b Kraft Foods Group Inc. issues massive Oscar Mayer recall
b GM adds 970700 vehicles to ignition switch recall
b Structure of Valeant's bid for Allergan raises concerns
b Krispy Kreme cuts outlook as weather hurts sales
t Hyundai announces recall of popular Sonata
t Sony PlayStation network knocked offline by cyber attack
b Comcast, Time Warner Cable give $100K to House Judiciary members so far  ...
t BlackBerry beats Typo in court to get the keyboard case banned
t Oracle wins suit against Google over Java APIs
e Demi Lovato Dishes Advice on Confidence + Impulsive Tweeting
b Twitter will grow to 400 million users by 2018
e Keira Knightley, Mark Ruffalo and Adam Levine get musical in 'Begin Again' trailer
e Kim Kardashian flashes a thigh whilst celebrating Khloe's 30th birthday
m Eye Doctors Say Medicare Pay List Unfairly Demonizes Them
b Banks to student loan debtors: sorry your co-signing parent died, but now YOU  ...
m Feeling hungry? You are more likely to lash out at your spouse
e Morrissey: Attacked on Stage!
t Hyundai Issues Recalls for Sonata Sedans
e HBO 'Game of Thrones' Crew Talk Season 4 Finale Spoilers: 'The Children  ...
e Kim and Kanye take daughter to museum in celebration of her first birthday
b Symantec fires CEO, appoints interim replacement
e Dan's Review: "How To Train Your Dragon 2" gets a little more mature
b Canadians Fret Merger With Burger King Will Change Tim Hortons
t Google Glass sales now open to the public, still $1500
e Tina Fey And Jason Bateman Learn Family Sucks In This Is Where I Leave You  ...
b Citigroup sees 3.5% increase in quarterly earnings
e Nick Cannon stands behind his new whiteface character
b Amazon buys top-selling iPad app comiXology
e Miley Cyrus hospitalized, cancels Missouri concert date
b US producer prices fall in May, but inflation still seen 'higher'
e New 'X-Men' Is Maximalist Hollywood Filmmaking at Its Best
b MAS said only had 30 minutes to reach MH370 families
t WWE(R) Network on Track to 1 Million Subscribers
e How Game of Thrones conquered all: The success of the fantasy phenomenon  ...
m FOCUS ON CANCER: Local researchers fighting ovarian cancer
b Citigroup Reaches $7 Billion Pact to Resolve Mortgage Probe -- 5th Update
e Yahoo announces two new original comedy series
t Ford Recalls 692000 Vehicles After Airbag Malfunction, Door Handle Issue
t Larger iPhone 6 could cannibalize iPad mini
e Mariah Carey spends birthday in Tampa with Nick Cannon
m Marriages is healthy for the heart: study
b Whiting's shares up on $6B Kodiak acquisition
e Miley Cyrus RUINED 7-Year-Old Cancer Patient's Make A Wish Day?! Find Out  ...
e 'The Bachelorette' Morning-After Rose Ceremony, Week 9
t Rumor: Microsoft To Rename Nokia Acquisition as 'Microsoft Mobile'
e Today in the News: Gwyneth Paltrow says working moms have it easier than her
b GLOBAL MARKETS-Steady PMIs, sluggish China puts brakes on European shares
t A Blueprint to End Paralysis Over Global Action on Climate
t Fashion designer Diane von Furstenberg takes a stab at Google Glass
b IMF's Lagarde Hints at World Growth Slowdown
e Chris Brown declares his love from jail... but the message is not for Rihanna!
t PS4 system update coming soon
t Google Appoints a New Head of Google Glass to Focus on Design and Marketing
e Jessica Simpson and Eric Johnson wed
b Missing Malaysian plane: Has Malaysia been keeping information secret? Will  ...
b Tycoon buys homeless lunch
e Period drama back for final season
m Doctors implant vaginas grown in lab
t GasBuddy predicts gas prices will decrease for Memorial Day
m Lawyer in stabbing case seeks girl's mental record
e Moon Trip with Leo DiCaprio Auctioned for $1M
e Scandal Style Breakdown: Olivia Pope's Blazer, Mellie's Red Dress From Kiss  ...
t Google Now Is The Killer App For Android Wear
e 'Fargo' coming to TV on Tuesday
e Floyd Mayweather Jr. Next Fight: Rapper T.I. Brawls With 'Money,' At Las Vegas  ...
b Debt mediator Pollack: Argentina 'will imminently be in default' - statement
b Tax Day approaches with freebies from retailers, restaurants
t Why Google Would Want to Acquire Twitch
b The Reel Life: Disney drones edition
b Breaking News: CNBC's Marcus Lemonis & Partners Near Deal to Buy Crumbs  ...
t Vodafone eyes Wi-Fi calling for iPhones on iOS 8
m Merck: Hepatitis C drug has 98% cure rate in trial
e Full Bunny Contact: An Extreme Easter Egg Hunt
e High Court to hear dispute over Internet TV broadcasts
e Alicia Keys is going to be a mom again, baby No. 2 on the way
e Channel Surfer: Tuesday's TV (with VIDEO)
t Watch Dogs review (PS4): Open-world hacking game a slow starter
t New iPhone Screens To Enter Production As Early As May: Sources
e Avicii sends love to concert-goers
e Two Sequels Show Box Office Prowess: "22 Jump Street," "Dragon 2"
t Google Glass gets wearable neuro app
e Miley Cyrus' home robbed, police say
t Xbox One August Update Detailed; New Friends Section of Home Screen Coming
e Is Elle Fanning Hollywood's coolest teen? Maleficent star is pretty in pastels as  ...
t GM Managers Play Down Cobalt Stalls
t Google I/O 2014 announcements rumor roundup
b Tesla Reports Better-Than-Expected Earnings; Stock Down On Mixed Guidance
t Why Do Zebras Have Stripes? New Study Offers Strong Evidence
e 'Transformers' has plenty of action — maybe too much
t Is Watch Dogs Nintendo Wii U Bound Next?
m Is exposure the key to asthma and allergy prevention?
t Apple spending $30M to buy Swell talk radio app, claims report
t Apps That Turn Every Aspect Of Your Life Into a Game
e Bachelorette 2014 Episode 7 Recap: Monasteries and Makeout Sessions
t Behold! The world - in 36000 selfies
b Taco Bell's ads star real-life Ronald McDonalds
e Game Of Thrones Series 4 premiere... Sex & death, weddings & war, loyalty  ...
b REFILE-Siemens offer for Alstom likely on Tuesday - source
e Frances Bean Cobain slams Lana Del Rey's death comments
b Valeant could be pushed to boost Allergan price by up to 40 per cent: analyst
m Census Bureau Addresses Population Issues With Teamwork
b Chinese relatives demand Malaysia apologize over handling of search for  ...
t Can GM find road to recovery after recall?
b Flipkart acquires Myntra: report
t Facebook tinkered with users' feeds for a massive psychology experiment
e Megan Fox joins Instagram with a #nomakeupselfie!
e David Brenner dies of cancer at 78
b Apple Seeking to Boost iPhone Display Quality by Acquiring Chip Firm Renesas  ...
t Wolverton: Don't think an Apple TV service will let you cut ties with Comcast
e Netflix's Enemy Is Amazon's Friend
b Orbitz Crashing On News American Airlines Dumps Website
t 3 Things Brands And Agencies Should Know From Apple's WWDC 2014
b Detroit still needs $350M from state lawmakers - ABC-7.com WZVN News for  ...
m Yawning 'manages brain to improve alertness'
b Cause of fatal Asiana crash to be released Tuesday
t Verizon Nexus 5 & The Sprint/T-Mobile/AT&T LG Nexus 6 Rumors
e Lady Gaga Sings PAL JOEY In New Tony Bennett Duets Album Live Tease
e Jeopardy! Controversial Arthur Chu unseated after 12-day run
e Experts discover the portrait of a mystery man beneath Picasso's 'The Blue Room'
b Columbia shoppers might have been affected by Michaels data breach
e Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez split again?
t Manuel Noriega sues Activision over likeness in CoD: Black Ops 2
e The 'St. Vincent' Trailer Is More Proof Bill Murray Would Be a Blast to Hang Out  ...
b Make fiscal rule binding on public sector - CaPRI
e Hirst work sells for 11 million euros at amfAR auction
e Goops! It's a split end for Gwyn and Chris
t VIDEO: Amazon Launches Kindle Unlimited Service
e Harry Potter and the Neverending Film Series
b Wal-Mart forecast misses estimates as sales slump persists
t Google's Next Big Thing: Home Security Cameras?
e Sandra Bullock came face-to-face with Stalker Joshua Corbett outside bedroom  ...
e Easter Weekend Events for Volusia/Flagler, 2014
m Health Officials Warn of Dengue Fever During 2014 World Cup in Brazil
b IMF offers US$14b lifeline to Ukraine economy
t Were dinosaurs cold-blooded killers? Perhaps not
e Justin Bieber and Chris Brown Record New Song "For the Fans" -- SEE PHOTOS!
e Shakespeare's 450th birthday: Travel advice according to The Bard's best plays
b US GOLD OPEN – Comex down 0.5 pct, geopolitical risk premium fades
b SPDR S&P Dividend (SDY) Enters Oversold Territory
b Investor Alert: British American Tobacco PLC (ADR) (NYSEMKT:BTI), Union  ...
e Review: 'Neighbors' in theaters
t Apple, Google End Smartphone Patent Battle – AAPL, GOOGL
e BOX OFFICE: 'Rio 2′ Goes Wild With $44M+, …
e 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' another reason for mutant pride
m 5 mosquito bite myths to prevent the itch -- and maintain your health
b Louisiana put record number of people to work in January
b Popeyes reunites with recipes for $43 million
t OnePlus One: 'flagship killer' arrives, price 'from $1'
e Mila Kunis jokes about reported engagement to Ashton Kutcher
e Marvel Announces SUPERIOR IRON MAN
e Rare stamp sold for record $9.5 million. Last owner was crazed killer.
e Kirstie Alley - Kirstie Alley Re-teams With Jenny Craig
t TiVo to Make Cheaper Version for Those Without Cable
m Foster Farms chicken recalled after salmonella concerns
b Consumer confidence hit 82.3 in April, versus 83 estimate
t Radical Gmail Redesign Shows Up in Leaked Screenshots
t 70000 people want to be forgotten by Google
m Love is Good For The Heart, Study Shows
e George RR Martin says that scene was “always disturbing”
e Katy Perry Saves Our Childhood Dreams: 'It's Okay Hello Kitty Fans, Kitty Is A  ...
t CEO of Samsung denies of manufacturing Galaxy S5 with metal body
e From Emojis To Teddy Roosevelt: A Complete Guide To Miley Cyrus' Tattoos
b Why JCP's Online Strategy Is Not That Bad
m Medical-conspiracy theories finding some traction
b Boeing asks Air India not to fly Dreamliners near thunderstorms: Govt
m West Africa's Ebola crisis deepens
b EUR/USD slips as Draghi hints at fresh stimulus measures
e Statement on termination of Anthony Cumia
b BG Group to sell stake in CATS North Sea gas pipeline
b Gold Futures Rise for Second Day as Equity Decline Spurs Demand
e Jimmy Fallon Praises Chris Christie: 'Good for You for Staying in the Ring'
e Home WhatsOn ArtsEntertainment Showtime horror series harkens back to  ...
t Apple CEO strides beyond Jobs' path
b Exchange Rates Outlook: Pound Sterling to Euro, US Dollar, Canadian Dollar  ...
m CDC Confirms Mosquitoes Carrying Chikungunya Virus In US
b Drought drops wheat crop harvest estimates
t BMW to recall more than 156000 vehicles
e 'Game of Thrones' denied permit for nude scene in church
m New York's Big Soda Ban Is Truly Dead
e 'American Idol' Recap: The Top 11 Sing Songs from the Movies
e Report: Eva Mendes, Ryan Gosling Expecting Baby
b Will Boeing's automation be blamed in Asiana crash?
t How Facebook avoided Google s fate in talent poaching lawsuit
e Kim Kardashian Plans to Get Pregnant Again After Getting Married
e 'The Bachelorette' 2014 Spoilers: Hometown Dates Narrow The Playing Field  ...
b Oracle Earnings Signal Tech-Spending Rebound
e Daily Mail apologises to George Clooney over fiance story
t Apple and Comcast Talk TV
e Scooter Braun Gets Married: Was Justin Bieber There With Selena Gomez?
e “Fault in Our Stars” a Tear-Jerker of the First Order
b Coach N. American comparable sales tumble 21 percent
t Zonkey — a zebra-donkey — born at Reynosa zoo
t Apple adamant its iCloud has not been hacked
e VIDEO: Jay Z & Beyonce 'On The Run' in New Short Film
t Oculus Kickstarter backers rage at FB acquisition
b U.S. Consumers Better Positioned Against Global Oil Prices
b Malaysia Releases Data Used to Trace Missing Plane's Path
m World is now 80 percent polio free, WHO says
t Deep-sea octopus tends to its eggs longer than any other animal
t Conan O'Brien Reviews Watch Dogs, Is Indeed A 'Clueless Gamer'
t California's smartphone kill switch bill passes a second senate vote
e Snapshot: Did Katie Holmes just borrow Disney princess Belle's canary yellow  ...
m Travellers to MERS-hit areas to get health advisory
e Lena Dunham is quitting acting after Girls?!
b UCLA's historic Pauley Pavilion - home to Wooden and Walton - dries out after  ...
m Teenagers having babies
t Update your Square reader now and other news from March 27, 2014
b BMW eyes U.S. production hike in push for sales record
t Ford EcoBoost Cruise 12 United States Cities
b On Tax Day, Taxpayer Advocates and Their Adversaries are Thinking Ahead
m Would You Sip on Drinkable Sunscreen?
t eBay hack threatens 145 million users: Here's why it's more serious than first  ...
t Int'l Space Station gets Easter delivery
t Supreme Court rejects Google appeal of Wi-Fi snooping case
t Microsoft Addressing Achilles' Heel Of Windows Phone Store With Better App  ...
b Your choice: fixed or adjustable-rate mortgage?
t General Motors Offers Discounts to Owners of Recalled Cars
b Forex Market: EUR/GBP daily forecast
t Comcast pitches Time Warner deal as boost to innovation
b Russian Manufacturing Expands First Time in the Year but Sanctions to Affect  ...
t Microsoft Cuts Jobs In European Xbox Division
b China Government Survey Shows 16 Percent Of Its Soil Is Polluted
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's wedding invite revealed
e Watch the Throne: The King is Dead, Long Live the King
b Candy Crush Saga Cheats, Tips and Tricks – Biggest highscores
t FCC extends deadline for comments on net neutrality
m Deadliest Ebola outbreak
b Google joins in Barnes & Noble war against Amazon, but it's independent stores  ...
b Duke Energy, EPA agreement sparks questions of cleanup costs, liability
e 'Game Of Thrones' Season 5 Spoilers: Will Lady Stoneheart Appear? Michelle  ...
e Robert Downey Jr. expecting baby girl with wife Susan
t Google's New Nexus Tablet? Leaked Image Shows Impressive Specifications
e Rapper TI Gets Into Brawl with Floyd Mayweather at Las Vegas Fatburger over  ...
t Twitter rolling out a brand new user profile redesign
t Total lunar eclipse to shows 'blood moon' in night sky
b Marlboro maker Philip Morris cuts 2014 earnings forecast June 26, 2014, 8:00 pm
b Markets Close at Record High: How Likely Is Dow 20000?
t 8 scary (but very real) risks we all face if climate change goes unchecked
b Sale of Eddie Bauer off; Jos. A. Bank grabbed by Men's Wearhouse
e George Clooney blasts Steve Wynn after Obama argument
e Jonah Hill Apologizes Again For His Homophobic Slur, Continues To Seem  ...
t Samsung's Metal-Cased Galaxy S5 'Prime' To Launch In June: Report
m Michael Schumacher's wife 'can smile again' after Formula One ace wakes up
e BOX OFFICE: 'Godzilla' Monster Hit at $93M+
m Football World Cup 2014 Fear
t Storm Shield is a life-saving app that is like a NOAA Emergency Weather Radio  ...
e The force is with Kenny - but no-one told R2-D2 he's back
e What should the Transformers really destroy in 'Age of Extinction'?
b Stocks rise as technology shares gain - WNCN: News, Weather
t How Google Glass can be used to steal your PIN code
b Berkshire Hathaway Picks Stake In Verizon In Q1, Cuts GM, DirecTV Stake
b US working on non-lethal aid package for Ukraine
e Chewbacca is back - Peter Mayhew joins Star Wars: Episode VII
t Microsoft beefs up customer privacy policy
t Edinburgh University discovers new dinosaur
e 'Lindsay' on OWN premiere ratings: Not good
e James Franco Denies Sleeping With Lindsay Lohan
t Apple, Samsung, and Xiaomi dominate smartphone best seller list
e Time this aging Austrian nag was put out to pasture
m Why almost everything you've been told about unhealthy foods is wrong
m Fewer People Got Sick From Salmonella In 2013, Food Poisoning Report Shows
e L'Wren 'leaves $9m estate to Jagger'
t Cisco Plans To Invest More Than $1B In Cloud Computing Over The Next 2 years
t HTC's 9-inch Nexus tablet leaked online
b July 4th Travel plans won't be sidelined by higher fuel prices
e New Star Wars cast members confirmed
b SunTrust Mortgage settles federal probe for $320 million
t Samsung launches featherweight tablet
t G900FXXU1ANCF Android 4.4.2 Stock Firmware Brings Bug-Fixes for Galaxy S5  ...
t BlackBerry gets lifeline from Amazon
e Cannes Film Festival 2014: Man dives under Ferrera's dress (Video)
b Snapchat valued at $10 bn, gets $20 mn funding from venture capital firm
e 'Mad Men' Season 7 Part One Finale Episode Spoilers: Will Don Draper Jon  ...
t AT&T to take Samsung Galaxy S5, Gear 2, Gear Fit pre-orders on Friday
t Crows solve Aesop's fable riddle
b AbbVie fails to woo Shire, but investors think someone can do it
e Will Robert Lopez and Kristen Anderson-Lopez's Up Here Musical Bow on  ...
e 'Game of Thrones' season 4: New videos go behind the scenes
t In The Arctic Ocean, Researchers Measure Waves The Size Of Houses
t FCC set to drop net neutrality bomb on online video market
t Earth-like planet raises hope of life
b US hand over seized oil tanker to Libya
t Ford overlooks the Big Apple in the 2015 Mustang Convertible [w/video]
b High Court rules for bond holders
e A galaxy far, far away in Abu Dhabi: State-backed media hub says 'Star Wars  ...
b Google Off 6%: Q1 Rev, EPS Miss; Click Prices Down 9%
m Report: Douglas County health improves, moving up in rankings
b Congress backs bills to aid Ukraine
t Rocket Launch From Cape Canaveral Set For May 22
e Solange vs. Jay Z, Beyonce's Little Sister Attacks Rapper in Elevator After 2014  ...
m Measles, mumps outbreaks put Ohio at center of nationwide surge in vaccine  ...
e 'Draft Day' Review: Finally, a Sports Movie for People Who Really Like Sports  ...
t 6-Inch Motorola Monster Rumoured for Q3 Launch
b WTI Crude broke below 100 USD reaching 2-month low before rebounding
e Kathleen Parker: No offense, Heartlanders love Colbert
e Miley Cyrus Forced To Get Emergency Restraining Order Against Obsessed Fan
m 14000 pounds of hummus recalled over Listeria contamination concerns
e Hey you guys! 'Goonies' sequel is moving forward, says Richard Donner
e 'The Bachelor' spoilers: Are we getting close to Chris Soules - Arie Luyendyk Jr  ...
b TSX Down 70 Points Mid-Afternoon; Energy, Miners Remain Weak As  ...
b Lockheed Martin Selected To Provide US Air Force With Space Fence Radar To  ...
t The Amazing Spider-Man 2 game for Xbox One postponed: Report
t Microsoft layoffs will take a year, critics wonder if a Nokia sale is down the road
b How To Tip Your Starbucks Barista With New App Update
e Monster mash-up propels Penny Dreadful
t NASA Claims a Successful Test for Its Warehouse-Sized, Mars-Bound Parachute
e George Clooney's engagement 'confirmed' by girlfriend's law firm
t New HP 7 Plus tablet retails for under $100
t eBay asks 145 million users to change their passwords following cyber attack
t Galaxy S5 Display Pixel Structure More Efficient Than Galaxy S4
b Uber ruled legal in the UK by TfL
e Singer Chris Brown admits probation violation, sentenced to 131 days in Los  ...
t Android Apps 2014: Best Educational Apps To Try Out With Your Kids on Google  ...
m Makers of a popular alcoholic beverage linked to deaths, promise to be more  ...
b Southwest Adds Flight to Houston
e Tori Spelling's husband Dean McDermott is the worst
b Target CEO resigns 5 months after holiday data breach
t Iceland's Met Office lowers risk level for Bardarbunga volcano
t Shazam arrives on Google Glass in UK
e He Said, She Said at the Movies: Draft Day Review
t Chart: Cloud Storage Services Compared
e Michael Jackson UK Single Sales Hit 4 Million for Five Years Since His Death
e Amazon grabs rights for some HBO TV shows, but no Game Of Thrones
e This Is What It Looks Like When Miley Cyrus Rolls A Joint
m A New Approach to Wireless Charging Reaches Implants Deep in the Body and  ...
e Did Zeppelin steal 'Stairway to Heaven' intro? Tamron wouldn't know
e The Next Season of True Detective Will Have Three Leads
e The Rolling Stones' Keith Richards Will Write Children's Picture Book
t Rumour: Is the Next PS4 Skylanders Named Trap Team?
b China to connect more cities with high speed trains
t U.S.: Stop using Internet Explorer until holes are fixed
t Almost Earth: A Newly Discovered Planet Could Be a Lot Like Ours
t Apple said to be buying Beats for $3.2 billion
e Moises Arias-Willow Smith Photo Prompts Investigation By Child Protective  ...
t TweetDeck apologises for 'security issue' that causes garbled tweets
m Senate to investigate veterans' deaths at Phoenix VA facility
t Judge blocks sales of Typo iPhone keyboard
t Earth's twin? NASA telescope discovers most livable planet yet
m Deadly virus hard to diagnose
b Near Miss Between Planes at Barcelona's El Prat Airport
m Misconduct Found in STAP Case
e 'Field of Dreams' stars return to Iowa for film's 25th anniversary
b One mystery winner takes 30000 Bitcoin in US Marshals' Silk Road auction
e Bill Murray Crashed Some Bro's Bachelor Party and Gave an Epic Speech
b RPT-FOREX-Euro drops to 3-week low on ECB easing talk, kiwi strong
e The Bachelorette 2014 Season 10 Spoilers: When Is Nick Sutter Eliminated by  ...
t Amazon ponders Netflix-like service for e-books, Kindle Unlimited
b AbbVie Moves Ahead with $55B Shire Acquisition
t NASA Bestows Award On Star Trek Actor William Shatner
e Galactic super heroes and a James Brown bio open this weekend
t Here's How Facebook Fixed One Privacy Issue But Created Another
t SC gas prices continue to drop
e TV preview: Mad Men
b Toyota looked at Denver for its US headquarters
t Local elementary student finalist in Google Doodle competition
b Amazon: Stay Away After Results
b Commerce Dept. Allows Some US Oil Exports
e Wilmette resident loses on 'Jeopardy!' after consecutive 20 wins
e MALEFICENT opens May 30! Enter to Win Passes to the St. Louis Advance  ...
b Ronald McDonald prepares for selfies as Maccas resets business
b Traders start Tuesday with a yawn
t Neil deGrasse Tyson tells Stephen Colbert that science 'is true whether you  ...
t Starbucks Goes Nationwide with Wireless Charging Stations
e Rolf Harris may have watched patients undress in Broadmoor Hospital visit with  ...
t Sony signs video-game deal with Oriental Pearl
e Marc Webb on The Amazing Spider-Man 2's ending
t Nintendo Loses Another Half-Billion Dollars During Last Fiscal Year
e Rolling Stones Cancel 14 On Fire Tour After L'Wren Scott's Death
m Viagra, Cialis treat boys' muscular dystrophy?
t Apple, IBM team up on mobile devices for business
b Postal workers unions protest Staples mail program
b US Manufacturing Index Unexpectedly Shows Modest Drop In June
e UP Ascends In Ratings With 'Passion Of Christ' Premiere
e Emma Stone Talks Empowerment, Death Scenes And The Possibility Of  ...
t 5000+ Developers Interested in Creating Apps for Google Nest
b UK MIDDAY BRIEFING: Mothercare Shares Jump On Takeover Offer
e Did Twilight Star Nikki Reed Left Husband Paul McDonald Over 'Money And  ...
e Why Palm Sunday became a time for tears
e Lindsay Lohan Reunites With Terry Richardson for Photo Shoot
t Lyrids Meteor Shower 2014 Peaks Tonight: Where to Watch Shooting Stars Online
b Objects spotted in new search area need to be verified
e In 'Blended,' Sandler, Barrymore an amiable couple lost in thin premise
e Debbie Rowe ENGAGED -- I've Changed My Mind ... I'm Marrying Marc Schaffel
t Gas prices in SC up 1.5 cents last week
e Kaley Cuoco-Sweeting's soft spot for Johnny Galecki
e WATCH: First "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1" Trailer Released
m The Award Few Restaurants Want to Win: These Are Among the Country's Most  ...
t Unmanned Cargo Ship Nears its Arrival at the ISS
t In reversal, Microsoft will turn to law enforcement for theft investigations
b US Trade Deficit Drops In March
t Patent battle: Apple versus Samsung case to start before fresh jury
e Columbus Short's Bar Fight Victim Beaten and Bloodied (Pic)
b CORRECTED - China stimulus hopes, calmer Ukraine lift market mood
e Faith guide
e Yes, Of Course That Was Rape on Last Night's Game of Thrones
e Nas Premieres 'Time Is Illmatic' Documentary at Tribeca Film Festival
b Business News Iraq crisis pushes oil price up
e Johnny Weir's Estranged Husband Alleged Destroyed His Birkin Bags
e Mrs. Doubtfire Sequel Threatens to Exist
t Peer-To-Peer AirPlay Arrives On iOS 8, Apple TV
t Merger mania hits K Street
e Feed Frenzy: Nick Cannon's Whiteface Controversy
t Lytro Illum announced as new £950 light field camera
e South African Nobel winner Gordimer dies
e Mickey Rooney dead at 93: Hollywood legend enjoyed decades of success
t Security firms say Russian hackers are targeting US, EU power companies
t Google Chromecast UK Release Date: £30 Dongle Out Now
e Weekend Box Office Report: Number One 'Neighbors'
b Michael Lewis Slams Banker On Facebook Who He Says Is Spreading A Rumor  ...
e Frieze art fair New York review – copious consumption and 'crack pie'
m Consumer Reports: Best buy sunscreen
m California Facing a Whooping Cough Epidemic
b Stocks slip as oil prices surge
e Predator Getting The Reboot Treatment From Iron Man 3's Shane Black
e Paul Walker was not a fake Hollywood guy: RZA
e Actor Eli Wallach, star of 'Good, Bad and the Ugly' and 'The Magnificent Seven  ...
b Everything You Need to Know About the Future of Fiat Chrysler
t Google's One-Day Public Sale of Smart Glasses Prototype Ends
b Consumer Stock Weakness Is A Troubling Sign
t 'Climate change poses risks for human and natural systems': Key quotes from  ...
t Apps: Google Maps 3.0, Intake, Republique…
t Amazon Dash makes grocery delivery easier than ever
e Full House: Revival Series in the Works
e Zac Efron Attacked On Skid Row! After Rehab Stint, Drug Rumors Persist As  ...
e Food in news: Irish cooking marathon coming up on TV
t Anonymous threatens pro-ISIS nations, the Woz trolls Samsung, why Apple must  ...
e The Other Woman showcases three angry women, and one train wreck: review
m Study Finds Memories Can Be Changed, Erased
e Chris Pratt Wants To Shoot Robert Downey Jr In The Face
e Zac Efron & Michelle Rodriguez confirm their romance
t AT&T plans to bring fiber internet to an additional 100 U.S. cities
b WASHINGTON (AP) — The United States is urging Turkey to restore access to  ...
t US: Wood storks no longer endangered
e The Voice 2014 Season 6 Spoilers: Team Usher Performance (VIDEO)
t Ford sending out checks for overstated MPG on some models
b Online retailers making most of investor interest revival
b Postal service had $1.9 billion quarterly loss
e 'Transcendence' like a clunky TED talk
b Covered California Final Deadline Arrives
b 3rd Ld: China's PMI rises to highest level in 2014
t eBay faces investigations over massive data breach
t Honda recalling Odyssey minivans
b Indians' Deposits in Swiss Banks Swells by over 40%
e Muse, Pharrell headline Coachella amid dust storm
e Mrs. Doubtfire Sequel In The Works
t Apple Launches iPhone 5 Battery Replacement Program for Devices with  ...
b US economy contracts severely in first quarter
t SC business notebook: Automation firm plans S.C. office
t Nvidia announces next-generation GPU, codenamed Pascal
e Kim & Kanye Accused Of Refusing To Pay For Their Honeymoon
e 'Bachelorette' star Andi Dorfman speaks out her Fantasy Suite experience
t City-killer asteroids might be more likely than previously believed
t Samsung's Gear Wearables Finally Get A Price Tag
e DANCING WITH THE STARS: LMFAO's Redfoo Guest Judges "Party Anthems  ...
e Coachella 2014: Party it up with the desert's hottest events outside of the festival
e Paramount Australia apologizes for terrible 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' 9/11  ...
e Critics' Choice Television Awards 2014 Nominations Announced!
b Alibaba's profit, revenue surge ahead of IPO
b BES bondholders eye results for guidance on potential losses
e Reports Chris Martin had an affair with an assistant after SNL appearance
b Vatican bank profits tumble as Pope Francis orders an overhaul
b Venture capitalist snaps up bitcoins worth $19 million
e 'Ghostbusters 3': Ivan Reitman Out as Director; Shooting in 2015
e 'Bachelorette' contestant dies in Utah paragliding accident
b Steepest economic pullback since 2009 may be short-lived
m Two Cases Of MERS CoV Infection Reported In Saudi Arabia: WHO
e Ohio man's online potato salad effort takes off
e Holiday at center of Christianity
m Paralysed men move again with spinal stimulation
e Kris Jenner Divorce: Kardashian Mom Wears Wedding Ring; Reunited With  ...
b US sanctions Russias fifth-largest bank, what would be an equal response?
t Google backs down in censorship row and starts re-instating links torn down  ...
b The US should use its economic clout responsibly
e Marvel Plans to Make Thor a Woman
e World leaders mourn death of Nobel laureate novelist
e Christians prays on Good Friday on the Via Dolorosa in Jerusalem on April 18  ...
b State unemployment rate inches downward
t Apple releases new MacBook Air, price drops in US, not in Canada
e Lady Gaga & Tony Bennett To Release Jazz Duets Album 'Cheek to Cheek' This  ...
b Twenty-First Century Fox confirms Time Warner bid
e The Worst Things We've Done to Our Moms
t US needs a net neutrality law
e Movie review: Transcendence a gorgeous, but unmoving, cautionary tale (with  ...
e Neil Patrick Harris, Lena Hall, and Hedwig and the Angry Inch Rock Broadway  ...
b GM Has Begun Shipping Parts For Recalled Ignition Switches
e There's MORE?! MULTIPLE Batsuits AND Batmobiles Teased for Batman vs  ...
b Alibaba to buy 10.35% stake in Singapore Post for about S$312.5 mln
e 'Midnight Rider' filmmakers go briefly to jail
t Office for iPad, First Take: Recommended, if you have an Office 365 subscription
e NBC picks 'The Music Man' for 2015 live musical event
b Rescuers Close In on Three Trapped Honduran Miners, Eight Missing
e Willow Smith, 13, Moises Arias, 20, in bed together in controversial photos
b Fitch Upgrades Portugal's Rating Outlook
t Microsoft (MSFT) Office Presentation Shows Touch-Friendly Features
t iPhone 6 Rumor Roundup: Bigger Screen Whispers Slow Sales of Current  ...
b US jobless claims hover near pre-recession
t There's Now A PlayStation You Can Wear On Your Face
t T-Mobile Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 attracts consumers with “free” data
e In Bad Words, a 40-year-old misanthrope competes in a spelling bee for middle  ...
m Same-sex parents have happier children
e Eve - Eve told wedding guests to wear beach outfit
e The Voice 2014 Season 6 Spoilers: Live Shows Start Tonight! (VIDEO)
b Flipkart Reportedly Set To Buy Myntra To Take On Amazon In India
b Experts: Iraq Battles Will Drive Gasoline Prices Higher
m New fathers may need help with depression, study suggests
e Madonna Directing “Adé: A Love Story,” Teasing New Song, “Rebel Heart”
e Michelle Obama to Guest on Nashville
t Watch Dogs - Brandon Docks ctOS Control Centre, sniper, sniper rifle, ctOS server
t HTC One (M8) goes on sale in the UK today. Globally available come April
b Hewlett-Packard to cut an additional 16000 jobs
b Deconstructing a debacle
b Today's DJIA Dow Jones Industrial Average, Nasdaq, S&P 500 stock market  ...
m HHS: O-Care saved billions in drug costs
t Short Takes: March 28, 2014
m People with prehypertension more likely to develop stroke
b Gold slips; platinum gains as South African strike ends
b Coventry sailor assisting in the search for missing Malaysian Airlines flight MH370
e Kim Kardashian And Kanye West Jet Off On Honeymoon To Ireland
b Dollar Falls to Five-Week Low Versus Yen on Uneven US Recovery
b In brief: Judge doesn't make GM take cars off road
t Samsung is all about futuristic innovation: Asim Warsi
b Takeda fined record $6 bn over diabetes drug Actos; eli Lilly 3 bn
e FX's 'Tyrant' shows promise and raises questions
t World losing ground in climate battle, says UN body
e Chris Brown stays in jail after troubling comments
t 88% of Ocean Surface Have Plastic Debris
b Michaels Confirms Security Breach in 3 Alaska Stores
b Stocks open broadly higher on Wall Street
t Warm water likely to accelerate Antarctic ice melt and sea level rises, Australian  ...
e Watch Jon Stewart Congratulate Stephen Colbert on His New Gig
e This leaked 'Star Wars Episode VII' footage is clearly fake, but totally awesome
m Eastern Lancaster County businesses cheer Supreme Court ruling in Conestoga  ...
m NEW YORK (AP) - Obsessing over calories alone has left US dieters with an  ...
b Arden Wins Mass. Hedge-Fund Consulting Role
e Bella Thorne Talks Boyfriend Tristan Klier In Seventeen Magazine
m Spinal Cord Stimulation Can Result in Voluntary Movement for Paralyzed  ...
b Herbalife Ltd shares plummet 14% as firm's marketing tactics said to be under  ...
e VIDEO: Gov. Christie & Jimmy Fallon Present 'The Evolution of Dad Dancing' on  ...
e Kendall Jenner goes KNICKERLESS in daring double thigh split dress on  ...
b Ohio scientists link fracking to unprecedented increase in earthquakes
m Rule of ObamaCare Returning $9 Billion to Consumers
e Does Justin Bieber's new-found smile have anything to do with Selena Gomez?
t Android 4.4.1 Jelly Bean vulnerable to Heartbleed, fix issued
e Katie Couric Weds John Molner in Intimate Hamptons Ceremony
m Florida Detects High-Level of Vibrio Bacteria in its Waters
t Scientists Create First Living Organism with Artificial DNA
t Facebook drones to beam internet from the sky
t Moto 360: Motorola's Android Wear smartwatch coming this summer
b ECB warns investors on chasing higher profits
e 'The Voice' Recap: Season 6 Battle Rounds Begin, Part 1
b AN OOPS MISCALCULATION. FEDS CUT ESTIMATE OF RECOVERABLE  ...
e Jessica Alba Crops Up At Comic-Con In A Tiny Bra Top! Hawtness!
b USD/JPY Fundamental Analysis May 23, 2014 Forecast
e Ruby Dee's legacy of activism, acting mourned: 'Missed but never forgotten'
e Melissa McCarthy and Susan Sarandon Laugh it Up at The Tammy Red Carpet  ...
b Sun Pharma to buy struggling Ranbaxy for $3.2 billion
t Missing Snake That Eluded Scientists For 80 Years Rediscovered In Mexico
e How I Met Your Mother finale splits audience
t Anzu Wyliei, Dinosaur Dubbed 'Chicken From Hell,' Once Roamed US
b Study: Oklahoma earthquake surge tied to energy industry activity
e Finale, It Is Happening To TV
b Post Office Prepares For Last Minute Tax Filing Rush
e Agents Of SHIELD To Air Two Hour Tie-In To Captain America: The Winter Soldier
b HSBC manufacturing PMI inches up in May
b Credit Suisse first-quarter profit falls as trading tumbles
b Hiring growth pushes jobless rate lower, drives economic recovery
e Chris Brown Feat. Usher & Rick Ross “New Flame” (NEW MUSIC)
m Agent: Oscar Pistorius loved Reeva Steenkamp
e 'The Bachelorette 2014' spoilers: Does Andi send one guy home early in finale?
t Will Mark Zuckerberg use his Internet-laser drones for good or for evil?
m Dog Treats From China Kill More Than 1000 Dogs
e Beyoncé debuts tour costumes
b Merkel a 'believer' in Greece after tough reforms
e On May 5 in
e Beverly Hills News - Fox Unveils Fall Lineup
e Miley Cyrus 'Heals Physical and Emotional Pain' With Latest 'Bangerz' Tour  ...
t [youtube=https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eutUgxIqHRY]
t “XLTE” Delivers Added Capacity to the Verizon Wireless 4G LTE Network in  ...
e New Captain America movie with clear anti-NSA message is a massive hit abroad
e Kim Kardashianposts her photos in transparent top with scant bra underneath
e TRANSFORMERS: AGE OF EXTINCTION: A Relentless Mess of Gaudy CGI  ...
m Twins born holding hands in Akron
t The U.S. Just Gave Russia $457.9 Million to Do a Job an American Company  ...
e One of The World's Greatest Writers Gabriel García Marquez Died
e 'Noah' navigates flood of film controversy
b Malaysian jet MH370 crashed close to India?
t Why Nike's wearables are not selling
t NASA ISEE-3 Lives: Citizen Scientists Kickstart Retired Satellite After 27 Years
m MDC offers tips to avoid tick-borne illnesses
e Jamie Foxx to play Mike Tyson; a look at best-ever biopics
t Japan Unveils World's First Eerily Human Robot Newscaster With A Sense Of  ...
b Target asks customers to keep guns out of stores for comfort
e 'If I have one more drink I'll die'
e 'The Voice' Spoilers: Gwen Stefani To Replace Christina Aguilera In Season 7  ...
b Gold gains as dollar dips as market preps for Fed policy meeting minutes
m Officials: 2 cases of new virus in Rhode Island
e Replica of van Gogh's ear on display at German museum
e Macklemore Releases Statement Regarding Anti-Semitic Accusations
e Freddie Prinze Jr. Trashes '24' Costar Kiefer Sutherland With Glorious Brutality
t Violence in Iraq to blame for increased gas prices
m Back pain is the first cause for disability in the world
m Government survey: 4 in 10 U.S. homes are cellphone only
b Will Ofcom foil Rupert Murdoch's plan to create European pay-TV giant?
b New objects found in missing plane search
e Beyonce And Solange Avoid Drama In The Most Stylish Way Possible
e Behind the scenes
b EBay's second-quarter revenue climbs 13 percent
b Grains Futures Charts (Soybean - Corn - Wheat ) - June 16
e 'Game of Thrones' Purple Wedding: Fans React to Joffrey's Dramatic Nuptials
b P.F. Chang's confirms data and security breach
b Virginia corn producers expected to reduce plantings in 2014; cotton, peanuts to  ...
b BNP Paribas regrets misconduct that led to record $8.8bn fine
e Crude rules: R-rated comedies dialing it up a notch
e We will save your islands from China, Obama tells Japan
b Allergan questions viability, experience of would-be buyer Valeant
e Miley Cyrus Gets Tattoo of Dead Dog at Wild House Party (PHOTO)
t Dr. Dre Declares Himself "The First Billionaire in Hip-Hop" Thanks to Apple's  ...
e Batman: Arkham Knight for Xbox One, PS4, and PC Delayed to 2015
e Olivia Palermo ties the knot with beau Johannes Huebl
m Medical Marijuana Study Approved: Veterans May Use Drug to Treat PTSD
e Hunger Games heat things up at MTV Movie Awards
t Hyundai recalls 883K Sonatas
t Apple Plans to Make iTunes Available for Android Devices
b European shares flat as eurozone recovery slows, ECB looms
e Weekend Box Office results: 22 Jump Street jumps into top slot
b National Briefs: Gasoline hits 14-month high
b Irish leader guest of queen on state visit to UK
t How the Dow Jones industrial average fared Monday
t Shape of Higgs boson is clearer
e Ariana Grande takes tiara as new princess of pop
e Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin split: Coldplay frontman forced to deny affair  ...
t Google Unveils Android TV
b US new-home sales fall in July
b Cloud strength helps Microsoft earnings top Wall Street estimates despite flat  ...
b Corn drops to 10-week low on good Midwest planting weather
t Twitter Update: You Can Now Upload Four Photos, Tag 10 Users - But 'Retweets  ...
b Colorado collects $US2m in marijuana taxes
t Dr Dre Appears To Confirm Beats/Apple Deal, Calls Himself 'The First Billionaire  ...
t Why Apple is cosying up to former rival IBM
t Lenovo to close IBM, Motorola Mobility deals by year-end
b Chinese passengers on Malaysia Airlines flight not linked to terrorism  ...
b Nissan Forecasts Profit Growth, Margins Weak
m Study: Kids' chronic sleep loss means obesity more likely
m Would you ever tell your boss you have depression?
t Infamous Second Son: Powerful
e Country music singer, NorCal native Kevin Sharp dies
b US China Solar Panel Wars Heat Up As US Sets New Import Duties
t Automakers to recall air bags in humid parts of US - WSFA.com: News Weather  ...
e George Zimmerman Fails to Kill at Gun Show
b Kennedy construction to end a weekend earlier than planned
b Warren Buffett Complicates Tax Inversion Politics: Analyst
e WATCH: Fallon, Kermit the Frog Sing Away St. Patrick's Day
b German Business Confidence Declines as Growth Slows
e The Title Of The New BATMAN V. SUPERMAN Film Is...
t Cosmic Coffee: The ISS Is Getting an Espresso Machine
b US faults pilot 'mismanagement' in Asiana flight
e ET Top 5: 5 Things You Should Know About Shailene Woodley
e Kelly Clarkson Welcomes a Baby Girl: River Rose
e HBO's 'True Detective' Season 1, Finale recap: Go toward the light
e Jay Z 'attacked' by Solange Knowles: Shocking footage shows Beyonce's sister  ...
t Apple may refund $400M in digital book settlement - ABC-7.com WZVN News for  ...
e Families have a catch, make memories at Field of Dreams
e Zac Efron's Friends Worry His Attack Was About More Than Sushi
m Mind-Controlled Robotic Arm Wins FDA Nod
b US 'to allow condensate exports'
t No Steam Machines For You (Until 2015)
m WHO calls polio health emergency
t Nissan confirms 2015 Versa sedan for New York debut
t Carbon dioxide monitoring satellite blasts off
t iPhone 6 & Its One Major Hurdle
t Blood Moon eclipse 2014
t Hands-on: Android L running on the Nexus 5 [VIDEO]
e BLOGS OF THE DAY: Jim Carrey gets an honorary degree
t It's the Final Frontier for 3D Printers
t NAU astronomers tapped to find retrievable asteroid
b HP may cut up to 16000 more jobs as results disappoint
b French president reels after far right victory - WBOC-TV 16, Delmarvas News  ...
b US Patent Office rules against Redskins Name, Trademark
e Beyonce leads MTV Video Music Awards with 8 nods
b House Republicans Grill Comcast Over Plans to Merge With Time Warner Cable
e Chris Brown and Justin Bieber collaboration?
b Grieving borrowers must repay student loans
t Alpine's new system to bring Apple CarPlay to any car
m If healthcare usage is surging, where are the healthcare jobs?
t LG to launch Galaxy S5 rival G3 on May 27
e WATCH: First Trailer for 'The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies'
t LETTER: UN climate panel driven by politics, not science
t Galloping on
t Real-time language translation is coming soon to Skype
t New Global Fund to Help Combat Climate Change Open for Business
e Did Led Zeppelin steal 'Stairway to Heaven' riff?
e Win a trip to Las Vegas with Bad Neighbours
b CBS Q1 income up on cable business but revenue falls
b The political problem behind our crumbling highways
e Near-naked Rihanna flashes more boobs than ever at CFDAs
e Zac Efron goes shirtless - watch his Wiggle dance video 11:07AM
e Waverly church having Easter breakfast
m A Number Of Passengers On The Downed Malaysia Airliner Were Headed To  ...
e Before the Brawl! Find Out What Happened At The After-Party That Sparked  ...
b US weekly unemployment claims slip below forecasts
m New Vaginal Gel to Protect Women Even Hours after Sex
e TC Roundup: Amazon turns on prime music streaming
t YouTube To Acquire Twitch For $1 Billion
t Microsoft Surface beats Google Nexus in UK tablet sales, says Canalys
e Fleetwood Mac Tour to Feature Both McVies
b Grand Central: Fed History Lesson Worth Recalling
t NASA finds Earth-sized planet that could support life
e Bell goes gothic for Veronica Mars premiere
e Chris Brown 'facing court'
t EBay accounts hacked
e Passover 2014: History, Top Interesting Facts; 10 Quotes and Sayings to Share  ...
b US 4Q Economic Growth Revised Higher
e Justin Bieber compares car crash to Diana's death
m Alcohol Consumption Causes 88000 Deaths Yearly
e Book Buzz: John Grisham takes the Ice Bucket Challenge
t eBay hacked – should I change my password? Are my details safe? Key  ...
e Yep, the final Divergent movie will be split into two movies
e AstroTurf, beer spike 'Million Dollar Arm' premiere
e KAMR Takes Part in Ice Bucket Challenges
b Italian manufacturing PMI falls to 2-month low of 53.2 in May
t NASA's Spacecraft Cassini Discovers 101 Geysers On Saturn Moon
e Jay Z and Beyonce drop star-studded trailer for fake heist film
t Panel: Cost Of Fighting Global Warming 'Modest'
t Facebook now lets you buy goods without leaving their site
e Johnny Depp's 'Mortdecai' to Hit Theaters Winter 2015
b India demands freedom to subsidise and stockpile food grains
e Critics slam Ryan Gosling film in Cannes
b Nollywood Contributes Massively To Nigeria's GDP
m FDA Warns Of Severe Side Effects In Popular Acne Products
e The 7 Magpies You Meet At The amfAR Gala
e VIDEO: Justin Bieber's SHOCKING bratty behaviour exposed as deposition  ...
e Amusing but Ultimately Flimsy Rumor of the Day: Indiana Jones to Be Rebooted  ...
e Metropolitan Opera cancels global simulcast to cinemas of 'Klinghoffer'
b Target ex-CEO gets $15.9 million severance package
t US tech companies need a good spanking
m UK's Cameron Forms Review Into Antibiotic Resistance
e Chris Brown's trial on assault charge delayed - WCBD-TV: News, Weather, and  ...
e The Black Keys, St. Vincent to Close Out 'SNL' Season
e Tel Aviv road closures for Gay Pride Parade on Friday
b Nikkei jumps on rosy China data
b Pending Contracts For Home Sales Continue To Fall
e “Game of Thrones” recap: Family is a burden
t BlackBerry to acquire German company Secusmart to prep up phone security
b Italy and Spain underperform as European equities edge up
t Elon Musk Is Pretty Concerned About Skynet
e George RR Martin Wants to End Game of Thrones on the Big Screen
b Yahoo profits down but ad revenue up in Q1
e Russo Brothers Inject Less Laughs, More Thrills to 'Captain America' Sequel
e The Amazing Spider-Man 3: 9 Actresses Who Could Play Mary Jane Watson
b Passenger plane carrying 295 shot down over Ukraine
b HP earnings meet estimates, more job cuts coming
e North Korea To Rogen & Franco: Of Course, You Realise, This Means War
b GM recall a 'thunderbolt' for auto dealers who want faster fix
e And Now, It's Monty Python's 10 Brainiest Songs
t Samsung Galaxy S5 goes on sale
t MIT Undergrads Will Get $100 Worth of Bitcoin This Fall (Yes, All of Them)
e Keith Richards to write children's book
b Detroit still needs $350M from state lawmakers - WBOC-TV 16, Delmarvas News  ...
b Amazon.com introduces Twitter service
t Fuel industries unearths caché of old Atari cartridges
e Game of Thrones Season 4 Episode 1 Review
t William Shatner given NASA's Distinguished Public Service medal
t Ocean plastic pollution on decline but where exactly is it going?
e Andrew Garfield Is In Full Drag For Arcade Fire's Moving We Exist Music Video!
e Shia LaBeouf is Probably in Rehab Right Now... Anyone See That One Coming?
e Mom-To-Be Mila Kunis: 'I Just Don't Want My Kids To Be A**holes'
m Immunizations do not lead to Autism: Study
t Samsung updates “affordable” Galaxy range
e Meg Ryan Joins the Cast of HIMYM Spinoff How I Met Your Dad
b GM Needn't Order Customers to Park Recall Cars Says Judge
m MLS Commissioner Don Garber Undergoes Prostate Cancer Treatment
m Candy-Flavored Cigars Drive Sales in Young Adults
t Google's Project Zero Attacks Web Security Threats
e New Clue Hints At Origins of Kurt Cobain's 'Come As You Are' Lyric
e Ryan Gosling Looks So Dapper in a Tux at 'Lost River' Premiere!
t Google shows off prototype self-driving car
e Monday TV: Mother Ends, Friends Begins
b Biz Break: HP's turnaround not coming quickly
b Tokyo stocks down 1.13pc by break
e 'Mad Men' season premiere recap: A tale of two cities
t IBM takes Apple to the enterprise
e Did Lindsay Lohan go on a 48 hour bender before her Oprah reality show aired?
e Madonna Set To Direct Ade: A Love Story
b Burger King Stock Soars on Tim Hortons Merger Talk
e Larry Flynt marks 40th anniversary of 'Hustler' magazine
e Solange Knowles feels 'at peace' with violent elevator incident with brother-in  ...
e UN peace envoy criticizes Israeli Easter security in Jerusalem
b Germany's Siemens joins bidding for Alstom
t Aaron Swartz memorialized in new documentary
b In One Paragraph, Here's Why A Pfizer Wants To Buy AstraZeneca
b May 7, 2014, 9:15 pm
t Everything you Need to know about the LG G3 Camera
b Five people arrested over mine disaster in Turkey's Soma
t Building a Legal Case for Net Neutrality Rules, FCC's Wheeler Hopes Courts  ...
b RANKED: The Best-Tasting Fast Food In America
t Congress Pulls GM Over For Failing to Fix Defect
m 'New fathers prone to depression'
e Jamie Foxx to Play Mike Tyson in Planned Biopic
b RBI proposes removal of minimum balance penalty by banks
e Heavy drinking puts Sum 41 singer in hospital
b Seán FitzPatrick acquitted on all charges in Anglo trial
b Russia set to delay fuel oil export duty hike
t What to expect from the All New HTC One (M8): Rumours, specs, leaks and  ...
b Twitter Woes Grow Into and Beyond Lockup Expiration
b How To Profit From The Improved Jobs Numbers
e The 10 Best Moments From The Mad Men Season 7 Premiere
t Lancetfish drifts into shore in North Carolina
e Leonardo DiCaprio, Inarritu to work together for 'Revenant'
e Sandler, Barrymore reteam in 'Blended'
e Paul Walker's fatal car crash was 'caused by speed... not mechanical problems'
e 'Draft Day' Review: Football Drama Is An Off-Season Treat With A Winning Kevin  ...
t Mystery object in lake on Saturn's moon Titan intrigues scientists
e Refused bathroom trip, girl pees on plane seat
t BlackBerry wins injunction against company Ryan Seacrest co-founded
b There's much to be said for normality in the US economy
t NASA : Enormous earth size diamond found in space
e The 20 Worst Summer Blockbusters Ever
m WHO says Mers virus of concern ahead of Haj, surge abating
e It's official: George Clooney engaged to Amal Alamuddin
e Did French Montana Try To Hook Up WIth An Intern?
e Miranda Lambert confirms UK Platinum release
e Move Over Chris Hemsworth: Thor Is Now A Woman
m Spread of MERS in Saudi Arabia Puts Camel Owners on Defense
b American Express Q1 Profit Tops View - Quick Facts
e “Grace and Frankie” – new original Netflix comedy
e The Roots React to 50 Shades of Grey Trailer
b Gold Futures Rise on Ukraine Worries
m Ebola outbreak: Bio-hazard-contagious virus caused many deaths
b Amazon absorbing price fight punches
t Xbox One Party Chat Not Working? Fix Issues With These Official Solutions
b Alibaba provides more details on partnership structure and financials ahead of  ...
b Sikorsky awarded $1.28 billion contract
t Samsung Galaxy S5 goes on sale today, along with extended Gear family
e NBC Sets A Date For Saturday Night Live 40th Anniversary Special
t Devil Rays Are Shockingly Fast and Deep Divers
b Talk of ECB action grows amid Europe growth worry
e Top 10 films for July 4-6: 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' is No. 1 again
b Niederauer to retire from Nyse..
b CBO Offers Mixed Forecast of US Budget, Economy for Next Decade--2nd Update
b Pricing Game: Wal-Mart's online tool compares rivals' prices, offers shoppers  ...
b Roche to Acquire Seragon in U.S. for $1.7 Billion
b Truck-stop company to pay fine in scam
b Behind the data on missing Malaysian jet, plenty of mystery remains
e Kim Kardashian Was Banned From Meeting Barack Obama at LA Gala (REPORT)
e Tributes pour in for actress and activist Ruby Dee
b Nokia Lumia 1520 review roundup: 10 more reasons to want one
b Market Close Report: NASDAQ Composite index closes at 4151.23 down -22.35  ...
m Chia seed alert issued
e The Life and Times of Maya Angelou
e Halle Berry! In! Space!
b We Just Got More Good News About The 'Biggest Fiscal Development' Of The  ...
m Oscar Pistorius trial: acoustics expert questioned over screams neighbours say  ...
b French satellites spot possible plane debris
b July 9, 2014, 8:45 am
t Apple, IBM join to make iOS the default mobile platform
b PF Chang's says card data was compromised
e Tom Cruise 'has been secretly dating fellow Scientologist Laura Prepon for five  ...
m Augusta's University Hospital improves safety ranking
e Magic of 'Aladdin' rubs off on Houston Ballet
e Ford's injury sets back Star Wars
t Tesla Announces Cheaper, Newer Car Model
e On 'Tonight Show', Chris Christie shows off dance moves
t Was Facebook's manipulation of news feeds ethical?
m Canada has possible Ebola case: health officials
m Man makes surgical history after having his shattered face rebuilt using 3D  ...
t The UAE creating space program to send spaceship to Mars
m FDA clears ReWalk exoskeleton that lets paraplegics walk again
e 'House of Cards' Alum Corey Stoll in Talks for 'Ant-Man'
e Oprah Winfrey's Former Stepmother Barbara Winfrey's Eviction Hearing Set for  ...
e Remembering Jesus at this Easter time
t Charla: Devs are asking for Xbox Early Access
m Mental Health Hero – Push On
b China tycoon's 'publicity stunt' leaves bad taste for New York homeless
e Transformers: Age Of Extinction Holding Tight In US AND Chinese Box Office  ...
m MLS Commissioner Don Garber has prostate cancer
t Fox News appropriates BioShock Infinite logo -- which was kind of a parody of  ...
m UI Middle East Respiratory Syndrome expert available to comment
b Deadline day arrives for state, federal income tax returns
e Rob Kardashian Skips Kim Kardashian Wedding, Reason Revealed?
e The Rolling Stones postpone Down Under tour due to Jagger's girlfriend's death
m Rising CO2 levels threaten human nutrition, study says
e Amazon Prime Music Arrives!
e Miley Cyrus Recalls "Scary" Hospital Stay: "I Was Poisoning Myself"
t Showdown: LG G3 v Samsung Galaxy S5
b Rebased GDP Figures: The True Wealth Of African Nations
e The Bachelorette 2014 Spoilers: Andi Dorfman Picks Josh Murray?
t iPhone 6 Release Date: September 12, 19, Or 26?
e Cory Monteith's Mum speaks out about her loss
e 'The Bachelor' Juan Pablo Galavis Looks Like A Jackass … Again
e The return of Harry Potter
t Business briefs
b Europe Earnings: Bayer, BMW, Barclays, Balfour Beatty, UBS
t China rules out Windows 8 for government computers
t TweetDeck temporarily brought down by XSS hack
e Chris Evans Is Ready To Leave Marvel (And Acting) Behind
e Ice Cube furious at MTV Movie awards (VIDEO)
t Facebook's Sandberg Apologizes For Newsfeed Experiment
t Doblin: Firefox threw free speech onto a bonfire
t OC Sheriff's Department Cracks Down, Reminds Motorists To 'Click It Or Ticket'
t Report – Audi India to launch A3 hatchback and Cabriolet within 12 months
e 'Trailer Park': 'Horrible Bosses 2'
t Microsoft exec cops to 'confused' Xbox One launch
m Global Protect the Goal Ball arrives in Ghana
e Bachelorette 2014 Hometown Dates: Twitter Dubs Chris Soules the World's  ...
e American Director Ron Howard to Make "Beatles" Tour Documentary
b ConAgra shares slump on lowered outlook
e Bryan Singer faces second lawsuit for sexual assault
e Marvel Producer Says 'The Avengers' Was Originally Rated R By The MPAA
b Report: Dark pool case to be filed against Barclays today (BCS)
t New-Generation Volvo Cars to Feature Google's Android Auto
m More than two-thirds of healthy Americans are infected with human papilloma  ...
e Character actor James Rebhorn dies at 65
e Lawyer: 'X-Men' director not in Hawaii during alleged acts
b US STOCKS-Futures up on ECB hopes, merger activity
e 'Horrible Bosses 2' trailer is full of antics and, of course, 'Turn Down for What'
t Wolf OR7 may have found a mate
t Inside FBI's massive cybercrime bust
b Stocks Slip
b What Does Amaya Gaming Purchase of PokerStars Mean for New Jersey Online  ...
t Ford recalls 692000 SUVs with airbag, door latch problems
m Saudi Arabia reports 8 more deaths from MERS virus
t Canada Revenue Agency Online Services Back Up After Shutdown Due To  ...
e Starring: Johnny Depp, Rebecca Hall, Morgan Freeman
b Potential Houston midair plane collision averted
e BAFTA TV Awards 2014: Breaking Bad's Aaron Paul, Susanna Reid, Jamie  ...
e Miley Cyrus vows she did not 'overdose on drugs' but had a reaction to some 'sh  ...
m Simple Blood Test Could Detect Cancer Early
t Apple Will Now Recycle Any Product You Give Back—and Give You Credit for It
t Ford Mustang is Celebrating its 50th Birthday With Events in NYC, Charlotte and  ...
b RPT--Chinese stocks fall on property sector concerns
b Libya Rebels Sign Deal to Reopen Eastern Oil Ports
t Apple poised to release supersized iPad and iPhone
m Minnesota patient has W. African virus
b Good News for Wall Street: Citi's Trading Revenue Not as Bad as Feared
e Liam Neeson's home under seige over New York City's carriage horses
e 'The Voice' top 10 performance recap: Dialing Adam's digits
e Stage and Screen Legend Ruby Dee Dead at 91
b US Supreme Court partly upholds Obama GHG rules
e The Treatment announce release for Record Store Day
m Consuming Up To 200 Grams Of Fruits And Vegetables Will Decrease Your  ...
b Medium-Term Demand for Gold in China Expected to Remain Robust - WGC
e Christina Hendricks wears L'Wren Scott's dress
m San Francisco, Santa Clara County Moves Forward With E-Cigarette Restrictions
b Hundreds of passengers evacuated as Eurotunnel train breaks down
t Google: We're building car with no steering wheel (w/video)
m AIDS gone by 2030? Infections and deaths falling around the world
e Spider-Man Switches From Bing To Google
e 'Transcendence' movie review: Sci-fi cautionary tale more pretty than smart
e Britney's baby sister gets hitched
t Facebook's purchase of WhatsApp gets US approval - and a warning
b Further thoughts on today's Supreme Court decision on greenhouse gas regulation
m Docs Forced to Alter Surgery Plans For Obese Girl
b Japan's trade deficit quadruples year-on-year to record ¥13.75 trillion
e Netflix Confirms Third Season for 'Orange Is the New Black'
m A new study finds bionic pancreas is helpful in controlling diabetes
b Cut the Rope maker ZeptoLab wants to cancel King's EU 'Candy' trademark, and  ...
b ​Court temporarily closes 3 McDonald's outlets in Moscow
t Apple Debuts New Operating Systems at WWDC
e Captain America Sets April Record With $96.2M
b BC's Minister of Natural Gas Development not worried about competition in  ...
e Millions of People Posted Pictures of What Makes Them Happy — Here's What  ...
t Cisco joins cloud computing race with $1 bln plan - WSJ
t Apple extinguishes popular marijuana growing game 'Weed Firm' from iOS App  ...
e IвЂ™m Not Dead вЂ“ Wayne "Newman" Knight
t HTC Nexus 8 Tablet Leaked: Is Codenamed Volantis and Has 64-bit CPU
e First Clip From Darren Aronofsky's Noah
e Hangout Festival Drawing Huge Crowds to Alabama Coast
e 'Chelsea Lately' Finale — Miley Cyrus…
e 7 Reasons Michael Jackson Will Forever be the King of Pop
e 'True Detective' Season Two Details Revealed: Three Leads, California Setting
t Ford recalls 692K Escape SUVs, C-Max hybrids over airbags, door handles
e Texas Cheerleader, Big Game Hunter Kendall Jones Receiving Death Threats  ...
m Taylor Swift Visits with Cancer Patients, Inspires Hope and Joy
e Did Jesus Have a Wife?
b Fed stress test weighs on B. of A.; JP Morgan jumps
e Yes he did! Sharpton compares Obama to Jesus Christ in Easter message
t Lookout adds 'Theft Alerts' for real-time theft monitoring
b CDI 2014 Rate Breakdown Ignores New Benefits of ACA
e Katherine Heigl: 'I Felt Betrayed By Hollywood'
b 30-Year Refinance Rates: PNC Bank Mortgage Rates Roundup for March 18
e George R.R. Martin Is A Terrible Wedding Planner
b Gold price holds onto support level but rally's longevity is questionable
m American Academy of Pediatrics recommends against prescribing codiene for  ...
e Glee Recap: End of an Era
t Montana DPHHS notifies 1.3 million clients and staffers of nearly year-long breach
e 10 Celebrity Tattoos We Don't Understand
t New York Weekly Gas Price Update and Outlook
m West Africa battles Ebola; traveler confined in Canada
b Obama administration will extend HealthCare.gov sign-up period beyond March  ...
b Citigroup to pay $7 billion settlement for bad mortgages
b NY slaps $7.5M fine against Ex-BofA CFO Price
e International Day of Happiness: #spreadthejoy
e Miley Cyrus Bangerz Tour Cancelled Until August, New Dates Added
t GM recall under harsh spotlight as U.S. Congress hearings probe 13 deaths  ...
t Apple-IBM deal: The moment pundits have been waiting for
e Lindsay Lohan Defends Her Sobriety Following Her First Episode Of Lindsay  ...
t World's fastest animal is very, very small...
e Bob Dylan's handwritten lyrics for 'Like A Rolling Stone' sold for $2 million
t What is the 'Heartbleed' bug, how it works and why it's a huge security risk
b Samsung's Profits Decline on Weak Smartphone Sales
b Target chooses new CEO
t California smartphone 'kill switch' bill advances
e 'Transformers: Age Of Extinction' Puts Up 2014-Best $100 Million Opening
m DUHS initiates 'Safe Blood Transfusion Services'
e Guess what?: Orlando Bloom allegedly takes slug at
b World equities flat, gold edges up on Ukraine, China
b Justices Issue Split Ruling On Greenhouse Gas Regulation
e Jennifer Connelly & Russell Crowe Rule the Red Carpet at 'Noah' NYC Premiere!
e Jagger, L'Wren Scott's Sister Butt Heads Over Funeral
b UPDATE 3-Philips spins off lighting components businesses
b Stocks set for quarterly gains
e First look at Ben Affleck in Gone Girl movie
e Justin Bieber Mocks Orlando Bloom Following 'Fight' In Ibiza
t Beats prototype designer Mike Klasco's reward: '$US30,000 and a free lunch'
e Bieber claimed foot fracture
t “India faces food shortages due to climate change”
b Alibaba Chooses NYSE For IPO
b China home price inflation cools to 8-month low in March
b Gregorio Cortez
t North American Sky to Host Camelopardalis Meteor Shower
e Renewed or canceled: Did your favorite TV shows get the ax?
b BES seeks capital as key staff suspended after massive losses
b Contracts to buy U.S. homes fell in February
m Antidepressant Use During Pregnancy Increases Autism Risk
b Summer '14: Gas prices like a roller-coaster ride
e 'Choose your own adventure' for Neil Patrick Harris
e Music fans taken to hospital at Avicii show in Boston
t Demanded answers from GM's Mary Barra
e Missing Malaysian airplane: Courtney Love finds Flight 370; posts photos
e Wu-Tang Clan to release one copy of 'secret album'
e De Niro to Star in IDOL'S EYE Opposite Robert Pattinson
e Lucasfilm Announces Two New Actors Cast for Star Wars: Episode VII
b Lumber Prices Will Rise due to an Increase in US Housing Construction
b International markets roundup
b Bon-Ton CEO to resign in 2015
m Being underweight deadlier than being obese
b Symantec Corporation (SYMC) Fires CEO Bennett, Stock Falls After Hours
e Pamela Anderson reveals sexual abuse I just wanted off this eart - KCTV5
e Dave Coulier Got Married, And His Full House Family Was There! These  ...
e Levar Burton trying to bring back Reading Rainbow - WNEM TV 5
e 'Neighbors' passes Spidey as top movie
b Consumer Reports: Best and worst fast food restaurants
t Apps with millions of Google Play downloads covertly mine cryptocurrency
b US STOCKS-Wall St ends up slightly on M&A; Iraq closely watched
e Eurovision 2014: watch all the finalists' performances here
b US has duty to uphold safety, not secrecy
t Report: Johnson Space Center among landmarks threatened by climate change
b Global Markets: Asian shares wilt, oil prices rise on Iraq fears
b Gold recovers from 2-1/2 week low; fund outflows cloud sentiment
e Sony Classics Picks Up Cannes Title 'Jimmy's Hall'
b Australia caught in 'confidence trap': NAB
e Beyoncé and Jay Z Show Wedding Footage At The First On The Run Show In  ...
b US plants prepare long-term nuclear waste storage - 4 Hours Ago
m Sen. Murray continues call for transparency, accountability at VA
e Chris Brown was kicked out of rehab for reportedly violating these three rules
b China sending special envoy to Malaysia over MH370
e Go ape: Find your inner primate in four easy steps
t Climate change just a lot of hot air until proven otherwise
e AC/DC confirms illness but won't retire
m Study: Use of ADHD Medications Up
b Oracle Corp.'s share price up, to acquire Micros Systems Inc. for 5.3 billion  ...
e Celebrating 25 Years at 'Field of Dreams' Site
e Why Chris Brown Was Kicked Out of Rehab
t Local tech firm helps launch Google's Rubik's Cube doodle
e Justin Bieber apologizes for visiting shrine honouring Japan's worst war criminals
t Facebook Takes Down 'Like-Baiting' Posts
e Kate Middleton's Bare Bottom revealed in German Newspaper
b REPEAT: Europe New Car Sales Rise For Sixth Month: ACEA
e Jerusalem Orthodox Easter fire: Holy fire ceremony draws thousands to Jerusalem
e Who Is Kacy Catanzaro? 'American Ninja Warrior' Gymnast Makes History
t Did Neanderthals eat their Vegetables?
m Sierra Leone News: Tourism Ministry engage stakeholders on
e Broadway Will Dim Its Marquee Lights for Mary Rodgers Guettel
e L'WREN SCOTT: Tributes flood in for designer
t Titanfall review roundup: Stomping good mech fun
b BlackBerry cuts licensing partnership with T-Mobile
e Marvel unveils black Captain America as Falcon replaces Steve Rogers
b Gold and Silver Prices See Fed Minutes Boost Today
t iPad Air vs Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 – Comparison of Features and  ...
e Game of Thrones stars talk about their shocking finale exits
t You May Have Been A Lab Rat In A Huge Facebook Experiment
b Barclays to cut tens of thousands of jobs and create a “bad bank”
e United Arab Emirates company says new 'Star Wars' has begun shooting
e Pantomime Villain Arthur Chu Finally Loses on 'Jeopardy!' [Video]
e 9/11 Museum visitors critical of entry fee, commercialization
e Jessica Simpson Made Small Mistake When Reciting Her Marital Vows to Eric  ...
e Kim Kardashian Wedding to Kanye West Delayed? French Law Threatens Big Day
e A recent study shows hotspots for a common bacteria that develop into ulcers  ...
t NHTSA to require rearview cameras
t iOS Years Behind Android in Usability
m Learning second language can delay brain ageing
e Boston marathon bombing survivor Adrianne Haslet-Davis returns to stage
e Predator Harris may be hit by compo claims
e George Clooney Slams Report: Fiancee's Mom Doesn't Oppose Our Marriage on  ...
e Watch 'Scandal' Season 3 Episode 15 Live Stream Online! What Will Happen In  ...
t Microsoft to offer Windows Phone 8.1 to Karbonn and Lava for free
b AstraZeneca still in play
t [Confirmed] Microsoft To Free Netflix From Xbox Live Paywall
b Sales of new US homes fall 2.4% in August
t Amazon Launches Kindle Unlimited, a Subscription Service for Ebooks
b U.S. Home Price Gains Slowing, Says New Case-Shiller Index
t HTC may consider buying Nokia's Chennai plant
t Spec standoff: LG G3 vs. Samsung Galaxy S5
e White House responds to Justin Bieber deportation petition
b Bitcoin faces previously unimaginable threat: a takeover by a pool of 'miners'
e Sia lands first number one album in US
b July Fourth travelers in South Carolina advised to prepare for higher gas  ...
t US astronauts to step out on spacewalk for repairs
b Europe: New car sales jump 8 pct in February
b Dollar edges up on yen after Bank of Japan trims GDP forecast
m FDA Approves Biogen Idec's ALPROLIX(TM), the First Hemophilia B Therapy to  ...
b Asian markets stay in narrow range, on wait-and-see mode amid Wall Street  ...
t France decides that breathing is more important than getting to places on time  ...
b Orbitz Shares Sink as American Pulls Fares in Dispute
e Scoop: THE BACHLORETTE on ABC - Monday, July 14, 2014
b India Factory Growth Eases In March
m Study finds vaccine side effect extremely rare
t Glad You Asked: Courtney Barnett, Matty M0 & Uh Huh Her
e 'Oculus' Scares Off Kevin Costner Football Flick 'Draft Day' At Box Office
t Scientists discover evidence that could support the Big Bang explosion as the  ...
e Sandra Bullock Found Alleged Stalker Standing Outside Her Bedroom Door
m Drama, surprise and raw emotion ready to pour out of Albany medical students  ...
t Facebook Wants to Beam the Internet From the Sky
e Emma Stone Is Rocking A Flawless New Bob In Venice
t Songza confirms it's been acquired by Google
t GM Tells Dealers to Stop Selling Cruze Sedans Over Airbag Issue
t Tesla unveils details on its sporty Model 3, a BMW 3 rival
t Microsoft's OneDrive Cloud Storage Balloons to 1TB
b UPDATE 1-Ackman accuses Herbalife of breaking laws in China
b UPDATE 2-Areva signs uranium deal with Niger, delays new mine
e Darabont to Helm Hemsworth-Focused 'Snow White and the Huntsman 2′?
t Heartbleed bug reveals major internet security flaw and puts data at risk
t Lawmakers Propose Banning 'Paid Prioritization'
e Miley Cyrus Tour Bus 911 Call
e Pamela Anderson reveals childhood sex abuse
t Nest co-founder Tony Fadell reportedly put in charge of hardware at Google
e Kelly Rowland's Baby Bump To Passionate Kissing: 10 Moments From Beyonce  ...
e Isla Vista shooting: If I can`t have you girls, I`ll destroy you, said killer in chilling  ...
b Argentina rating cut to 'selective default' by S&P
b Unemployment Rate Fell to 6.1%, US Economy Added New Jobs: the Bureau of  ...
e Kim Kardashian Wedding Dress Details Emerge
t Microsoft says that new Surface Pro 3 tablet can replace your laptop
e Chuck Kruger: The show will go on, concert will be a tribute to Johnny Winter
t Xbox One sales double in the US after dropping Kinect
e Robin Thicke to debut Paula Patton song at awards show
b GoPro Shares Soar In Nasdaq Debut
m One In Eight US Children Are Abused, Neglected Before The Age of 18
t Levittown Student Named State Winner In 'Doodle 4 Google' Competition
e 'Mad Men' Recap: Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them
e He Put A Ring On It! Jay Z Helps Beyonce As She Struggles With Gown On The  ...
e Chelsea Handler looking to leave late-night show
b Investors should act now before eurozone stimulus kicks in
b New Zealand Dollar Gains Late as Risk Appetite Improves
m Human Nose Can Smell At Least One Trillion Odours: Research
e Paul Walker's mother seeking guardianship of his daughter
e Beyonce: Time's Most Influential of 2014
m Seven A Day Fruit And Veg Portions Are Now Recommended
e Miley Cyrus Granted Restraining Order Against Delusional Fan
e Kim Kardashian got daughter's ears pierced
b Houston is home to half of the Fortune 500 companies in Texas
b New Zealand Dollar to US Dollar (NZD/USD) Exchange Rate Hits Lifetime High  ...
e Bookmaker odds suggest none of the five Garth Brooks concerts to played in  ...
e American Idol 2014 Phone Numbers: Vote For the Top 9
m Smallpox vials from 1950s discovered at US lab
e The happiest video you'll watch all day? Rep. Lewis dances to hit tune
t Samsung Gear Fit Smart Band Price Slashed to Rs. 12100
t HTC One (M8) Google Play Edition shipping in 2-3 weeks
b 'Too big to jail' video comes after Holder meeting with Swiss finance minister
b Airline industry celebrates its centennial in the black
b Stocks: Fab Friday the 13th
e Brad Paisley Mocks Controversial Protesters With Selfie.
e GAME OF THRONES 4.05 'First of His Name'
b Census survey changes mask law's effects
t Hot cars debuting at this year's New York auto show
b BlackBerry posts smaller-than-expected loss; shares rise
m WHO: air pollution 'is single biggest environmental health risk'
e Jessica Simpson's Fiance Eric Johnson Hits the Golf Course With Groomsmen  ...
b Drones may be used to film movies
b Spotlight on London's Growing Tech Scene
m CDC head says "pattern" of poor safety in handling pathogens at labs
e Miley Cyrus Will Always Be My Best Friend Says Her Ex-Fiancee Liam Hemsworth
t £10m fund set to mark Yorkshire inventor's timely idea
b Albuquerque-area home sales increase in Q1
t Add a second layer of protection
t Halo 5: That mysterious character is not Cortana
b SunTrust to pay up to $300M to settle HAMP claims
b Unemployment Falls In Springfield, Decatur
t Russian Soyuz rocket with new expedition launched from Baikonur to ISS
e Bryan Cranston, Elizabeth Olsen and Aaron Taylor-Johnson star in Godzilla
m Ebola Outbreak Spreads to Congo
t Microsoft to IT Pros: Office 365 is better than Google Apps
b Colorado unemployment rate holds at 6.1 percent
m Protein-rich diet may lower stroke risk, researchers say
t GM Recall of Certain Model Year 2009 – 2014 Chevrolet Express and GMC  ...
m More adolescents smoking hookah
b Klout Has Been Acquired By Lithium Technologies For $200 Million [Report]
e Gary Oldman says fellow actors Gibson and Baldwin ensnared in political  ...
b SolarCity and Silevo: Protection From Protectionism
m First Lady to Respond to School Meal Critics
e Jessica Simpson Weds Eric Johnson; Check Out First Official Photo!
t This Is the End of Facebook as We Know It
e Inside that Eric-Jason 'True Blood' sex dream you can't stop watching
e Top films at the North American box office
e CHALLENGE ACCEPTED!
m Two new migraine prevention drugs show promise in small studies
e Did Miley Cyrus Diss Ed Sheeran at the MTV VMAs?
e Emmys 2014: Did Seth Meyers Play It Too Safe?
e Kim Kardashian Opens Up About Her Struggle To Find The Perfect Wedding  ...
b US yields set to spoil ECB easing party for emerging markets
t Windows XP: Chronicle of a death foretold
b Family Dollar to lower prices, close 370 stores
e Darren Aronofsky - Darren Aronofsky: 'There Were No Real Animals Used In Noah'
t FCC Draws Fire in Pitching Internet Fast-Lanes for Companies (1)
t Transgender teen told no makeup for photo
e Morrissey's Artpark show cancelled
e Attorneys: Joan Rivers owes "sincere apology" to Amanda Berry, G - CBS 3  ...
t Today's Spare The Air Day Might Be First Of “Several more in a row”
e 'Other Woman' serves up generic comic revenge tale
m Delaware Bans Minors From Tanning Beds
e First Night Review: Monty Python Live, 02 Arena, SE10
e Reel Critics: 'Winter Soldier' a spring treat
t Titanfall live-action content to be produced by Playfight
t Google hits reverse on "right to be forgotten" removals
m Dispose of unused and expired prescription drugs on April 26
b Poll: Many Uninsured Don't Know Time is Running Out
m J and J Recalls Morcellation hysterectomy Device
b Target's Canadian sales surge in first quarter but loss widens
m Two Stem-Cell Studies Face Retraction on Researcher Doubt
e 2014 TCA Award Nominees Include True Detective, Breaking Bad, Game of  ...
t Apple versus Samsung case goes to jury for deliberations after lawyers debate  ...
e OMG! Brad Pitt punched in the face at Maleficent premiere 9:08AM
e Mick Jagger Releases Statement About Girlfriend L'Wren Scott's Death
e Siskel And Juche: North Korea Condemns Seth Rogen But Also These Films
m Quick, brief runs pack health benefits
t Apple poaching medical technology experts for iWatch: Report
b Darden to sell Red Lobster seafood chain for $2.1 billion
t Marco Rubio, like too many Republicans, is all wet on climate change
e Credit: Getty Images
b IMF chief Christine Lagarde investigated by French court over alleged role in  ...
e Celine Dion Responds to Man's Viral 'All By Myself' Airport Video!
m Clover sprouts eaten raw are likely source of E. coli illness outbreak
b Glencore buys oil-explorer Caracal for $1.35B
m 100 Get Virus as Cruise Goes On
m Marijuana Use Linked to Daytime Sleepiness, Non-Restorative Rest
t Industrial Internet Consortium Will Make Machines and People Talk to Each Other
m Why is polio a public health emergency?
t The Government: Snapchat Lied, Your Messages Don't "Disappear"
e 5 cervezas for Cinco de Mayo
e Bryan Singer, Gary Goddard targeted in new sex abuse lawsuit from another  ...
e WATCH: Kristen Stewart & Anne Hathaway in drag for music video
e Mad Men: Direction Amidst Chaos
b Emirates finalizes $56 billion deal for 150 Boeing 777s
m Mosquito tests underway in Bristol County and beyond
t Another Launch Day - UPDATED
b Xinhua world news summary at 1530 GMT, July 7
e Rival Comics Conventions Spar over 'Comic Con' Name
b Chaos after massive water main explodes out onto Los Angeles' Sunset Boulevard
t For Samsung Google's offer
b Los Angeles water main break floods Sunset Boulevard, UCLA campus
t PS4 China Launch Announced: Sony Will Release Console In Difficult Market  ...
e Captain America's Scarlett Johansson Calls For Black Widow Spin-Off
b Euro drops to three-week low on ECB easing talk, kiwi strong
e Conan O'Brien: Stephen Colbert 'right person' to do 'Late Show'
t Unearthing Video Game History
e Divergent's ALLEGIANT Now Two Separate Films
b Hong Kong activists push democracy through polling
b World's most expensive divorce: Russian billionaire told to give half of £5.2bn  ...
b NLRB rules against McDonald's in major labor law case
t The Discovery of 'Cosmic Inflation' Provides Support for Big Bang Theory
t Rare Occurrence of Friday the 13th Full Moon
e Miley Cyrus Demands Rumor Mill Stop Making Up Stories, Singer Cancels More  ...
b Wall Street edges up, pushing S&P 500 near record
e Is Dancing With the Stars' Maks Chmerkovskiy Already in Trouble with the Judges?
t RPT-Samsung Elec replaces mobile design head
e Stephen Colbert pays visit to new "Late Show" home
b Eurozone March inflation falls to lowest since 2009
b General Motors Recalls Another 3.4 Million Vehicles
e Chris Brown Carried Out Of LA Nightclub
m Boil Water Order In Effect For All Portland Water District Customers
b Idaho's unemployment rate dropped to 5.2 percent in March
b Governor asks Obama to help end Philly rail strike
m More work on HIV in Laos needed
e Potato salad on Kickstarter rakes in USD 3700!
b How airlines make 'less than $6 per passenger'
b Asian shares mixed after fresh Wall St. losses
e Zendaya pulls out of Lifetime's controversial Aaliyah biopic
e Rolf Harris Spending His First Day In Prison
e Violence case against Paul Simon dismissed
t Business briefs
t FCC ready to let content sites buy faster Internet delivery into homes
t Climate report projects dire threats
t Coral Can 'Sniff Out' Damaged Reefs
m Fist bumps spread fewer bacteria than handshakes or high-fives
m Pakistan sets up compulsory polio immunization sites at airports
m Bill vs misleading cigarette labels OKd
b Gold Extends Gains To 4-1/2 Month High
e The Week in R&B: The Music and The Elevator Led By Solange, Beyonce & Jay-Z
b Background memo
e Dock collapse dumps wedding party into the water in Minnesota (VIDEO)
e Freida spotted outside hotel in Cannes
b Amazon Hints Pricing Feud With Hatchette Not Nearing An End
e Leonard Pitts Jr.: Remembering a towering figure, an icon
b Target board unseats president and CEO Steinhafel..
e Happy Birthday, Lady Gaga! 12 Things You Don't Know About Her
b Raise interest rates: Philly Fed's Plosser
e AP: Speed to blame for Paul Walker crash
t New Evidence Enforces Theory of the Universe's Early Inflation
t Microsoft pondered building Kinect into the Xbox One's case
t Sickly Coral Reefs Fail the Smell Test
t External Storage, Real Names, And Automatic Sign-In Included In the June Xbox  ...
t Amazon's Hard Sell: Gaining Developers for Its Coming Smartphones
t Potential use of Google Glass in surgical settings
e Watch Jena Irene Sing “Barracuda” in American Idol 2014 Top 6 — April 23, 2014
e Eurovision 2014: Ukraine and Russia in music propaganda battle
t John Oliver's Call to Action on Net Neutrality Crashed Part of the FCC's Website  ...
e Jason Momoa may be playing Aquaman in 'Batman v. Superman'
e WATCH: Pharrell Williams 'Marilyn Monroe' music video features tons of sexy  ...
b Jeep plots global boom; Caravan rides into sunset
b Study: Fuels from corn waste not better than gas in fight against global warming
b Procter & Gamble Earnings Preview: Classic Defensive Staples Stock
b Social Security agency cuts services as demand grows, Senate report says
b Twitter requires a clearer cast of characters
b UPDATE 1-Russia cuts gas to Ukraine, flows to EU threatened
m Drinking milk may keep osteoarthritis at bay in women
e Everything We Know About Shia LaBeouf's Arrest
t FCC tries 'commercially reasonable' net neutrality compromise
b Barclays shares drop after New York sues over dark pools
b Crops Off To A Near Record Start
e US Airways apologizes for tweeting lewd image
b Occupy Central poll should be taken seriously, says mainland Basic Law expert
t It's official: Titanfall is now on Xbox One and PCs
m Aggie men's golf team announces 2014-15 schedule
m More US teens are hitting the hookah, new study says
e Lionel Richie Receives Lifetime Achievement Honor at 2014 BET Awards
e Extradition of suspect in Jewish museum killing
m Fear, confusion grip Ebola-hit west Africa
e Ultimate Warrior (James Hellwig) Autopsy - WWE Wrestler Suffered Massive  ...
t Apple to buy Beats for $3.2bn - report
e Review: Franco, O'Dowd Are "Men" for All Seasons
e Tracy Morgan showing 'signs of improvement' after crash
e 'The Other Woman' review: A real guilty pleasure
b US consumer sentiment at 81.8 in May vs 84.1 in prior month
e Macaulay Culkin Booed Off Stage Again: See Photos From The Gig
t Facebook Causes Controversy After Involving Users In Massive Social Experiment
m Most healthy women can skip pelvic exam
b Why Shire PLC Shares Soared By $37
m California chicken producer linked to long salmonella outbreak issues 9-state  ...
e Like a Rolling Stone: Monty Python inspired by Jagger for live shows' high  ...
e Spiderman 2 Special Effects Magic Includes Vancouver Team
m International public-health emergency: Polio spreads in at least 10 countries
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Google Play Edition Press Render Makes Another  ...
m Study Says Fist Bumps Spread Fewer Bacteria Than Handshakes Or High-Fives
e Disney Reveals New Sequels To 'The Incredibles' And 'Cars' To Fuel Growth
e Clooney slams 'fabricated' Mail story
b Gartner says worldwide software market grew 4.8% in 2013
e Sandra Bullock came face-to-face with stalker
e Experience an Epic New Dawn of the Planet of the Apes Featurette
e Big Brother 16 Caleb Reynolds Racist and Stalker: Stalks Amber Borzotra  ...
t Victims' relatives demand answers from GM over 'death trap' cars
t Health site users urged to change password
e Paul Walker's Surprising Replacement on Fast & Furious 7
t It's time for justice, says Apple in $2B case against Samsung
e How the date for Easter is calculated
e Movie Reviews: "The Grand Budapest Hotel," "On My Way"
t California Launch Of NASA Carbon-Monitoring Satellite Delayed Until 3 PM  ...
e Johnny Winter's death was 'the best way a blues man can go out,' says local  ...
e 'How to Train Your Dragon 2' review: A success of monster proportions
t Microsoft Says Won't Read Suspected Pirates' Hotmail, Will Turn Them In to  ...
e 'Shield' actor charged with murder after wife shot - WSLS 10 NBC in Roanoke  ...
t Millions of Android mobile phones and tablets susceptible to Heartbleed bug
b Johnson Controls to Spin Off Auto Interiors Into Venture
m People marry those with similar DNA
e Troubled pop singer to face music over attack claim
t Patent Office blocks Google's trademark of 'Glass'
e Selena Gomez to hire Kris Jenner as her new manager?: 'The Jenner sisters  ...
t Were You Part Of Facebook's Social Experiment?
b CORRECTED-Sterling slips vs euro, UK data and possible ECB inaction weigh
b Salesforce Reports Wider Loss
e Hasbro, Inc. (HAS), Rovio Announce 'ANGRY BIRDS TRANSFORMERS  ...
e 'Shield' actor Michael Jace charged in shooting death of wife
b Emirates Cancels Airbus Jets
b Is spitting in TriMet driver's face 'assault'? Union wants hostile riders taken more  ...
m Blogger gets bent out of 'Shape' over being asked to cover up in weight loss  ...
b Argentina's Kicillof to lead debt
t Respawn Reveals Titanfall's First DLC
b ECB Unlocks Door for Further Euro Strength - Will Data Allow?
m Jenny McCarthy slammed on Twitter for anti-vaccination beliefs
e It's official! Stefani replaces Aguilera on 'The Voice'
b India CPI Lowest in 2-1/2 Years as Monsoon Poses Threat
b Fed needs to stay alert for possible surprises: Yellen
b Egypt's Sisi slashes fuel subsidies in risky move
t Facebook experiment upsets regulators
b CANADA STOCKS-TSX advances after Tim Hortons climbs on deal news
m Tennessee Health Care Campaign helping community find insurance
t Astronomers surprised by discovery of planet twice as big as Earth but 17 times  ...
b Tiffany Sparkles On Q2 Earnings Growth, Raised Guidance TIF WSM
m Campaign hopes to kick youth smoking's butt
m Short sleep, aging brain
t Apple announces OS X Yosemite, here are the features which matter the most
t Red Hat Grows Through More Customer Cloud Adoption
m Saudi Arabia Replaces Health Minister Amid MERS Virus Fears
t Microsoft's CEO has put all that talk of an Xbox spin-off to rest.
t Amazon launches Amazon Dash for delivery of groceries, household items
e Miley Cyrus postponed Bangers tour until August
m Do Not Take Daily Aspirin If You Haven't Had a Heart Attack, Says FDA
t Five reasons the new Google watch will do wonders for your life
b USD/JPY slips as market looks past jobs report, preps for Fed minutes
b Japan decides new energy policy that supports use of nuclear power
e 'A Gentleman's Guide' leads 2014 Tony Award nominations with 10
t Read a novel in 90 minutes with life-changing, speed-reading software
e Drew Barrymore Welcomes Baby Girl Frankie With Husband Will Kopelman
e Lady Gaga's boyfriend in charge of relationship
b Eyes on impact of BNP Paribas fine for euro after flat inflation
e In Praise of Slow “Mad Men”
e Fallon makes rapper out of TV anchor
b Asia Feeding Twitter's Double-Digit Growth, Study Says
e 'True Blood' Finale Ends With Emotional True Death, As Bill, Sookie, Eric And  ...
e Ukraine entry to launch Eurovision Song Contest 2014
t Watch Dogs PC Version Leaked
t Top 10 cars at the 2014 New York Auto Show
e Paul McCartney Reportedly Hospitalized In Japan
t SoftBank's Son Vows 'Price War' on T-Mobile Deal
b European Markets Rise; BNP Paribas Climbs On Settlement
t Sprint, T-Mobile Reportedly OK a $32 Billion Merger Price
m In reversal, Maine GOP embraces part of health law
m Business Briefs 04/25/14
e Review: 'Veronica' a sold cinematic turn
e GAME OF THRONES: PRE-SEASON MARATHON
b Caribbean competition drags down Carnival's profit forecast
m Turns out, the way Americans measure healthy weight is totally wrong
b US STOCKS-Futures point to higher open, S&P 500 near record
b The Carlyle Group LP: The Carlyle Group Names Co-Presidents
b Drones could come to Hollywood under FAA proposed changes
t HTC One (M8) vs. Galaxy S5 vs. iPhone 5s: Guess which phone survives a 7  ...
e Jackman excited about return to Broadway
b Cargill quarterly earnings drop 28 percent
b General Electric's Alstom Bid Faces Danger and General Motors' Recall Gets  ...
e Peeps Movie Is Apparently A Thing Now, And So Is It's A Small World
e Deputies never saw menacing videos before rampage
b Gold and Silver Report: Gold Prices Fall, NovaGold and EGO Stock Drop
t Once Considered a Luxury Feature, Rear Facing Cameras will be Required
b SSA relents on old debts
t Microsoft opening store at Maine Mall Saturday
e Lady Gaga unveils 'GUY' music video - watch
m Stem Cell Research Falsified: Japan Lab
e GLEE Twitter Hacking Continues, Lea Michele NOT Pregnant
e Jodie Foster weds Alexandra Hedison after dating six months
b Airbus Group And Safran To Team Up In Space Launcher Business - Quick Facts
e 'The Bachelorette' couple Andi Dorfman and Josh Murray have plans to move in  ...
e 'Sharknado 2' has bite, lots of laughs
m Watching too much TV may cause early death
e Decoding Lady Gaga's 'GUY' Video: Rebirth With a Side of Michael Jackson  ...
t How can I jailbreak iOS 7.1?
e Meryl Davis and Maksim Chmerkovskiy win Dancing With the Stars
e 'Sherlock' Season 4 Confirmed: Why It's the Best Show on TV
b US Economy Experiences Sharpest Drop in 5 Years
e The Rock Wears Beard Made of Real Yak Hair, Transforms Into 'Hercules'
b Obamacare's costly confusion
b D-Day Anniversary:France President Hollande invites Putin to the Elysée  ...
b $50B AT&T, DirecTV deal nearly done, sources say
b Microsoft Earnings: Windows Licensing And Cloud Powers Revenues
b Empire Resorts Submits Sullivan County Casino Proposal to New York State  ...
b The great trading bake-off hots up
t HTC One M8 vs Sony Xperia Z2 – Comparison of Pricing and Specifications
b Areva signs uranium deal with Niger, delays new mine
e Fleetwood Mac to play Target Center in September
m Rising CO2 levels may cut nutrient levels in crops
e Movie Beat: Melissa McCarthy's “Tammy” crude but heartwarming
e Ron Howard to direct new Beatles concert documentary
b Florida Home Prices Rise in May as Inventory Grows
b BarnesNoble tuns the page on Nook tablets
b Banks have many channels for yuan, central bank says
t GM CEO Promises Lawmakers She'll Get to Bottom of Delayed Recall -- 2nd  ...
e Julia Louis-Dreyfus Boinked A Clown
t Great But Not Perfect - Watch Dogs Arrives To Glowing Reviews
e Hugh Jackman Reveals Second Skin Cancer Scare
t Facebook to Aquires Oculus For $2 Billion
t Samsung Trumps Apple With Digital Health Announcement - Again
t Google's Project Ara modular phones coming in January 2015
e Tribeca: Between Nas and 'Begin Again,' what are the festival's must-see movies
t Tech Giants to Automakers: Move Over and Give Us the Infotainment System
m Gloves can again come off in California kitchens
b Mortgage Interest Rates Move Down at PHH, BMO Harris Saturday Jun 28, 2014
t LG G3: 5 Reasons you should consider the new smartphone
e Elaine Stritch – a career in clips
b Pilot Flying J reaches agreement with feds: Must pay $92M penalty, won't be  ...
b Home Depot Q1 results miss expectations
b Health care works
e Scandal Star Columbus Short Responds to Mess
e Gary Oldman Playboy Interview: Actor Defends Mel Gibson's Anti-Semitic Rant
b European shares hit fresh 6-year high after Wall Street rally
e N Korea slams movie on leader slay plot
b UPDATE 1-BMW eyes US production hike in push for sales record
t Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 2014 Now Available To Pre-order From T-Mobile
t Microsoft working to fix Internet Explorer flaw
b Two proposed New York casinos receive approval
e Mara Wilson Explains Why She Doesn't Want to Be in Mrs. Doubtfire Sequel
e Jenner Girls Kendall and Kylie went to MuchMusic Video Awards without  ...
e Overtown, other communities invited for 'family fun day'
b Feds to cut road payments at peak summer driving season
t Android and the Share function: a modest proposal
b Sheryl Sandberg sells half her stake in Facebook
t Far-flung, cold orb given an Inuit name
m Pfizer Posts Positive Phase 3 Results for Hemophilia Drug
b NESDB says Thai economy shrank 0.6% in first quarter
t Google Project Ara Developer Conference Reveals New Details
t NASA humanoid Robonaut finally getting space legs
e Sofia Vergara kills it in perhaps the best 'Celebrities Read Mean Tweets' yet
e Marvel Comics' Captain America Will Now Be A Black Man
b Euro to USD (EUR/USD) Exchange Rate tumbles to session low as German  ...
b Amaya Acquires Online Gambling Firm Rational Group
b Mark Zuckerberg's 2013 Salary Was Just $1
b Vietnam: Chinese ships ram vessels near oil rig
e Gwyneth Paltrow's former Scottish boyfriend Donovan Leitch breaks his silence  ...
b Obama actions test workplace ideas
e Tom Perrotta explores a small town's loss in HBO's 'The Leftovers'
e Kim Kardashian's Second Baby Might Arrive MUCH Sooner Than We Expected
t Xbox Entertainment Studios to close as 18000 jobs go
t Will Microsoft make up ground in the battle for our mobile phones?
t Facebook Will Use Drones and Lasers to 'Beam' Internet to the World
e Christina Aguilera 'expecting a baby girl' with fiance Matthew Rutler
e Frankie Knuckles - house pioneer and DJ - dies aged 59
t How the music streaming battle is now pitting tech giants Apple, Google against  ...
b Business as usual?
e Walker's brothers step in to help finish 'Fast 7′
t Google snatches up company behind Word Lens visual translator
e It's a Bad Day for Craig Ferguson. Host to Depart in December
e Lonely passenger records and lipsyncs 'All By Myself' video in empty Las Vegas  ...
b Here Are All The Drugs That Would Be In Play In A Pfizer-AstraZeneca Mega  ...
e Star cast for Beyonce, Jay Z video
t Microsoft set for 'biggest job cuts' since 2009
b Search for Malaysia plane spreads through Australia-sized zone
e 'I'd Rather Be Physically Cold Than Emotionally Cold:' Rick Fox And His Young  ...
e Erykah Badu Hilariously Interrupts Reporter's Live Broadcast
t Google Maps April Fools' joke challenges you to become a Pokemon master
b Oil Spill At Indiana BP Refinery
b United States Natural Gas Will Never Weaken Russia's Position
m In battle to avoid Medicaid expansion, Maine Republicans embrace health care  ...
m Neb. DHHS Focusing On Children's Mental Health
b Why U.S. Refiners Are Getting Crushed on Oil Export Allowance
m Mumps outbreak eclipses 200 in Central Ohio
b ATamp;T, DirecTV $50 Billion Deal Expected to Close in Coming Weeks
t Sony unveils Project Morpheus virtual reality headset at GDC 2014
e Weekend Box Office Report: 'Mr. Peabody & Sherman' Takes Top Spot
b Rescuers free 3 trapped Honduran miners, 8 still missing
b World stocks slide on Wall St drop, Iraq violence - WBOC-TV 16, Delmarvas  ...
t Facebook back up after short but widespread outage
b Squirrel blamed for $300K in Fort Wayne center damage
b SolarCity seeks to beat the grid by making its own panels
e Network shows doing fine at Emmys _ despite jokes
e Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: How Not To Market A Movie
e Watch Craig Ferguson Announce His Late Late Show Exit
e Photos: 'Edge of Tomorrow' with Tom Cruise and Emily Blunt
m Pollution kills 7 million people every year, report says
b Inmarsat offers to track commerical jets for free after missing flight MH370
e Second Mockingjay teaser clip released
b Fed's Bullard sees 2.4 pct inflation by end of 2015
b Tiffany moves to 4Q loss on hefty charge, sales improve during crucial holiday  ...
t Microsoft Takes a Battle-Ax to Staff, Plans to Cut Up to 18000 Jobs
t Dropbox launches Carousel app for organizing all your photos and videos
m Ebola-stricken Fort Worth doctor takes 'turn for the wor - 12 News KBMT and K  ...
t Oculus Rift is coming to... Chuck E. Cheese's?
t Mysterious deepwater fish found along NC coast
b Fitch Affirms Marseille Provence Metropole at 'A+'; Outlook Stable
t Mercedes C-Class engine production begins at Tennessee plant
b AT&T and DirecTV deal could be two weeks away (Report)
b Oil Ends Lower on Signs of Rising Libyan Supply and Fading Iraq Fears
t Now You Can Get Microsoft Office 365 for $6.99 a Month
e Peaches Geldof Dead: Family And Friends Attend Funeral At Church Where The  ...
m Alexis Shapiro, 12, Faces a Change in Plans Midway Through Weight-Loss  ...
b Chrysler Posts 1Q Loss, Begins Shipping 200 Midsize Sedan
e Justin Bieber 'takes Selena Gomez's frenemy Kendall Jenner to sushi dinner
e Tori Spelling's Party Pals
t Dwarf planet discovery hints at a hidden Super Earth in solar system
t Techies divided on future of virtual reality
t Mars 'flying saucer' splashes down after NASA test (Update)
e Lindsay Lohan takes embarrassing tumble at Italian film festival
e 'I'm not pregnant' reveals Glee star Lea Michele a day after she's spotted with  ...
t Decoding the Apple-Samsung patent dispute
e 'Frozen' Merchandise Shortage Prompts Run on Houston Galleria Disney Store
e Brad Pitt On Maleficent Prankster: 'I Cracked Him Twice'
e Valerie Harper Denies Reports That She's “Cancer-Free”
m Dialysis machine saves 8 babies
m Business briefs
b NY towns can ban fracking, state court rules
b Technology companies see wearables as an important area of growth beyond  ...
e Kansas students, parents not thrilled about having Michelle Obama at high  ...
b Citigroup punished over sale of toxic mortgages in the run-up to crisis
b Labor Day gas prices expected to hit four-year low
b China eases exchange rate control to let currency fluctuate more widely against  ...
b Etihad Airways to pick up 49pc stake in Alitalia
b Today's Gold per ounce price Spot gold per gram Spot silver Precious metal mid  ...
t World's largest water reservoir found deep in earth
b Hedge fund manager wins a round as FTC starts Herbalife probe
t Breakthrough Discovery - Scientists Finds Evidence Of Big Bang Theory
b Looking Hard For Health Care Reform Winners
e Rob Kardashian Deletes All of His Tweets After Skipping Kim Kardashian and  ...
e Andrew Stern, husband of “Deal or No Deal” model Katie Cleary commits suicide
e 'Orphan Black' Season 2 premiere, 'Nature Under Constraint and Vexed' recap
b UK Government sells £4.2bn of Lloyds shares
m More Good News for Obamacare: It May Be Saving Lives After...
e 411 Box Office Report: X-Men: Days of Future Past Powers Its Way to #1
t iPhone 6 holographic projector phone concept video hits web
t 'Earth Hour' to raise green fund
t Global Warming Consensus (VIDEO)
m WNY Runners Training for Boston Marathon
e L'Wren Scott Was Planning To Close Her Business
m E-Cigarettes May Be Carcinogenic But They'll Help You Stop Smoking
e Khloe Kardashian shares Instagram Messages Defending New BF French  ...
e Did Ben Affleck Murder His Wife?! It's The Question Everyone Will Be Asking  ...
b Yahoo Says Workforce 37 Percent Female in First Diversity Report
b Bank of America's Capital Fiasco in 4 Questions
m Melanoma Monday spreads skin cancer awareness
e 'Survivor' competitor Caleb Bankston dies in train derailment
t China Stepping up Efforts to Regulate Foreign Devices
b Missing Malaysian plane: Search expands from Australia to Kazakhstan for  ...
e Easter weekend services, activities:
e Elizabeth Olsen engaged to actor beau Boyd Holbrook
t Elon Musk's Tesla Motors opens up patents in bid to boost development and  ...
e Beetle-Browed Whine Machine Ben Shapiro Pretty Sure Stephen Colbert Is Al  ...
e TV review: 'Sharknado 2!' is so bad, it's bad
t Meteor shower overnight could be spectacular
t Google takes on Apple... in your car
b Exporters suffer as Kiwi dollar soars
b What's Next on the Geopolitical Horizon
e '24: Live Another Day' promo: Listen to Jack
t Top 5 Smartphones Worldwide (Graphic: Business Wire)
e BIG News: CARS 3, THE INCREDIBLES 2, and New Details on STAR WARS  ...
t New Gear: Lytro Illum Camera Gets Bigger Sensor, Much Better Lens
m Spinning Class Fundraiser
b Job growth boosts consumer confidence
b Emergency convoy trucking salmon hatchlings to safety downriver
m Illinois low on list in funding home care
t Diving deeper into the All New HTC One
e Rolling Stones still set to rock Germany
t Live Updates: GM Recall Hearing
t From the archives: The 1965 Ford Mustang started a legacy
t Web Magna Carta proposed to thwart US and UK government snooping
t Apple Granted Patents for a Cellular Data Connected Smart Pen, the Next  ...
b Foreign Ministry Spokesperson Qin Gang's Regular Press Conference on May  ...
t Limited Google Glass Sales Offered To Public
b Ky. agriculture officials receive hemp shipment - KMPH FOX 26 | Central San  ...
e How I Met Your Mother drew its strength from a perfect cast and great writing
t Samsung Knox 2.0 Now Available On Galaxy S5 Smartphones
m Risks of deep cuts in mental health funds
e Eric Hill's Sister: Seeing Him On 'Bachelorette' 'Makes Me Smile'
m North Jersey hospitals vigilant after Ebola advisory
b AP News in Brief at 5:58 a.m. EDT
b S&P 500 Rises to Cap Longest Rally in 2014 Amid Earnings
t LINE for Windows Phone Gains “Partial” Official Accounts Support, Ability to  ...
m Food Safety Week - Food Poisoning Prevention Advice
e Johnny Weir announces separation from husband on Twitter
e US women held captive in Cleveland seek Joan Rivers' apology
e Peaches Geldof dead: 'Sick' eBay users sell her dresses just minutes after death
e Friend Says AC/DC's Malcolm Young 'Unable to Perform Anymore'
t Oculus VR on Claims of Theft: Not a Line of ZeniMax Code, Technology in Our  ...
t Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 10.1 tablet listed on company's online store at Rs. 36340
e Amazon's Fire TV Could Woo Indie Developers
b EU aims for deal on tackling failing banks next week
e Michael Jackson Family Plans To Remember Him
b Key Twitter executive Ali Rowghani quits job
b BHP-Billiton spin-out could call original merger into question
e Kim, Kanye spent days on Instagram wedding pic after Annie Liebovitz pulled out
m Stimulator Helps Paralyzed Men Move Again
e 'Mad Men' recap, 'The Strategy'
t World's largest Fresh Water Supply found 400 Miles inside Earth
e WATCH: 'Weird Al' Yankovic's at it again, see what he did to Pharrell's "Happy"
b Murdoch US$14b TV plan sets up Europe showdown with Malone
e Kanye West Spotted SMILING Despite Being Stuck On Train For Four Hours  ...
t Climate change–less of a scientific agenda and more of a political agenda
b McDonald's CEO addresses worker pay, marketing day after office closing
e The Willow Smith Picture Debate: Inappropriate or Innocent?
t Nokia App Store Confirms Windows Phone 8.1: Glance App Updated
t How NASA Sold Us the Moon 45 Years Ago but Fails to Market Human  ...
e Storm Shield is a life-saving app that is like a NOAA Emergency Weather Radio  ...
e Ed Sheeran's 'x' Headed Straight To The Top Of The Billboard Charts
m Africa records progress in blood availability in hospitals: WHO
b White House Announces 6 Million Obamacare 'Sign-Ups,' But Number of  ...
t Facebook Nearby Friends New Feature
e Tepid Twosomes
t Retired spaceflight engineer and team bring back to life a 3-decade-old spacecraft
b ANALYSIS: Sino-Russian Gas Deal to Pave Russia's Way Into Asian Markets
e “Game of Thrones” Recap: “Everywhere in the World They Hurt Little Girls”
b UK manufacturing growth slows in May
b Health care enrollment deadline slated for March 31
b Unemployment rate drops
b Manufacturing data a mixed bag
m VA crisis: solutions exist, but haven't happened, panel hears
t Total Lunar Eclipse to Wow US Sky Watchers
b Euro Drops For Second Day on ECB Signal
t What Options are Left for Aereo Following Supreme Court Ruling?
t Nokia halts sales of Lumia 2520 Win RT tablet over zap-happy charger
t Mission 31 crew prepares to leave Aquarius Reef Base
e Paul McCartney cancels remainder of Japanese tour
m Abortion clinic rules to be reviewed
e 'Guardians of the Galaxy' review: An otherworldly space epic
b Don't think you can fool the IRS
b KFC owner admits China rotten food scandal causing 'significant' damage to sales
t Microsoft's Word for iPad cracks top 10 in gross revenue
t The graphic that reveals how Nasa plans to put a man on Mars in 20 years
e Hear Jack White's ultra-fast Record Store Day single
b Soybeans stronger on demand
b REPORT: Wal-Mart Suing Visa For $5 Billion Over Unreasonably High Fees
b US to limit payments to states for road, transit projects
t BlackBerry buys Secusmart (in vain effort to stay relevant)
b McDonalds responds in breakfast wars: Free coffee
t Colquitt Co. girl lands a whopper
t Snowden: The NSA Is Setting Fire To The Future Of The Internet
b Canadian Dollar to Pound (CAD/GBP) Exchange Rate Lower Following Upbeat  ...
b 4th of July gas prices highest since 2008
t Facebook Gives Up an Essential Privacy Setting
e Nirvana plays secret gig in Brooklyn
e 'She Wants a Boyfriend': Gwyneth Paltrow Ready to Date After Chris Martin Split
b Nissan Motor Co. share price up, posts rising profit amid sales growth in US and  ...
e Miley Cyrus Skips Wardrobe Change & Sings in Bra and Panties!
t US mayors unanimously pass climate change ideas
m Blood test signals for Alzheimer's identified: study
e 'The Bachelorette' recap: Andi cancels cocktail party after week of drama
t Twitter to acquire social data provider and partner Gnip
t Tumblr declares war on the internet's identity crisis
t Microsoft ordered to give US customer e-mails stored abroad
t Here's what you need to know about today's Twitter problem
b Senator: CAT Avoided Billions In Taxes
b Summer gas price may seem familiar
e 10 Reasons Game of Thrones Season 5 may suck
t The Great Smartphone War: Apple vs. Samsung
e L'Wren Scott's $9M will to Mick Jagger was a 'give-back'
e This week in reality TV: 'Men Tell All' on 'Bachelorette'
t New York Times: A two-speed Internet
e Movie review: "X-Men bring back thrills in 'Days of Future Past'
b 52 million hatchery produced fish projected to return
b Iraq and Ukraine concerns see global shifting
b US Patent Office cancels Redskins trademark
e WATCH: First 'Fury' Trailer, Movie Poster [VIDEO] Brad Pitt And Logan Lerman  ...
t Toyota to Pay $1.2 Billion Fine for Statements on Safety Issues
b China Russia Agree on $25 Billion Prepayment on Gas Deal
b Yelp surprises with first quarterly profit since IPO
e Kim and Kanye cover Vogue magazine
b Hollande to meet GE boss as Siemens threatens to derail Alstom deal
m Samsung Chairman's Illness Trains Spotlight on Succession
b U.S. construction spending up tiny 0.1 percent
e The Return of X-Men and the Jewish Gene Theme
b European Shares Hurt by Iraq Jitters
m This app uses a mathematical model to cure your jet lag
m We are genetically similar to our friends
t With iPhone sales in India doubling, will Apple look at retail for an even bigger  ...
t Nintendo Revealed Its New Figurine Platform For 3DS & Wii U
b RBI chief says rupee gains to 45-50 per dollar would hit exports
b Fyffes and Chiquita merger to create world's largest banana company
t Climate Change Damages Are Happening Now & More Severe Impacts Are  ...
e 'Keeping Up with the Kardashians' Promo Hints at Bruce Jenner's Sex Change  ...
e Attorney General To Assess Rolf Harris Sentence Following 'Leniency  ...
b EUR/USD Longs Squeezed On Soft German Inflation
m We've Made Huge Progress on One Diabetes Front
b Medicare's own health looking better, report says - KWWL - Eastern Iowa  ...
m Report Questions Effectiveness of Flu Meds
b Japan to enhance cooperation with U.S. during Obama visit: Abe
t SC teen forced to remove makeup before taking license photo at DMV
e Brad Pitt: Red Carpet Attacker 'Going to Get Stomped'
m Schumacher's medical reports stolen
e Gable says AC/DC's Malcolm Young very sick
m Son of Nancy Writebol Prays For His Ebola-Stricken Medical Missionaries Mom
e Video: Kay Burley tells Kate Middleton to 'get yourself a six pack of big pants'
t Astronomers Prove That Two Potentially Habitable Planets Do Not Exist
b Another GM recall: 1.18M SUVs for air bag issue
m Guinea confirms Ebola as source of epidemic
b Viewpoints: Coburn, USA Today, WSJ, New Yorker And Others On What Today's  ...
e Sara Gilbert marries girlfriend Linda Perry
t Newegg's Best-Selling Unlocked Phone Deals Include Galaxy S4, Galaxy S3  ...
b Chinese satellite finds object that might be Flight 370 debris near location of  ...
e 'Earth to Echo': A recognizable throwback phones home
b Malaysia marks grim Eid after MH disaster
e Disney announces new 'The Incredibles' and 'Cars' films
m Scientists Unravel Mystery behind why Women are more Scared of Mice than Men
e Let's Pretend We Were At The Opening Night Of Jay Z & Beyonce's "On The Run  ...
t Google Is Building It's Own Self-Driving Car Prototypes
e 'Excited' UK entry Molly among Eurovision favourites
m Math used to counteract jet lag
b Amazon has acquired digital comic book service Comixology
t Microsoft plans six security bulletins for July Patch Tuesday
b The Bon-Ton Stores Inc.: The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc. Announces Fourth Quarter  ...
b Market Post: Munis Don't Respond to Yellen
e Miley Cyrus' bus catches fire
e Why do we still care about 'Keeping Up With the Kardashians'?
t Gas Prices Surging in Bay Area
e True Blood Season 7: First Trailer of Final Season Hints Death For all?
t The low-tech VR headset: Google Cardboard
t Microsoft Announces The Surface Pro 3
t Samsung Announces Full-Featured Galaxy S5 Mini
b Carney signals earlier rate rise
e Will the rain continue in Natal for United States-Ghana World Cup match?
e John Green's Favorite Fault in Our Stars Scenes
e Kim, Kanye Split Rumors False; Wedding Still On
t Report: 2015 Volkswagen Jetta to Debut at New York Auto Show
m Michigan Man Receives One Of The First Ever 'Bionic' Eyes
e Game Of Thrones draws huge ratings, crashes HBO app
t Ford lowering fuel economy on 6 vehicles
b Pilots of Crashed Flight Didn't Understand the Aircraft's Computerized Systems
b Indo-US dialogue: Sushma Swaraj talks tough with John Kerry on spying, gives  ...
t Google Soon to Launch Android TV
e West Cork issues invitation to 'Game of Thrones' author
b Maker of Candy Crush Saga to raise $500M on the stock market tomorrow, will  ...
b URGENT - Malaysia Airlines Plane
t Space Station astronauts to get cosmic coffee served by their own out-of-this  ...
e Kidnapped Ohio women demand apology from Joan Rivers
b In coal country, despite assurances, news of another rule taking aim at coal  ...
e Katherine Heigl Talks Struggling Movie Career: "I Was Taken By Surprise"!
e If this is feminism, then Im confused."
b Chicago agricultural commodities lower
m Join Relay for Life tonight at GW to honor cancer survivors
b The correction of the euro continues - UBS
b Euro zone manufacturing growth eases in June, France slowdown weighs: PM
t Chinese-Market Chevrolet Cruze Interior Revealed
b Flipkart buys Myntra for $300 mn
e Class action looms as Rolf Harris sentence called 'too lenient'
t Amazon Has A Smartphone Coming, Say People Who Have Seen It
e The Walking Dead Season Finale: PEOPLE's TV Critic Sounds Off
e Scientology's Newest Couple: Tom Cruise Secretly Dating Laura Prepon Is The  ...
m US autism estimate grows to 1 in 68 children
e UNICEF fundraising effort gives 'Star Wars' fans chance at cameo in 'Episode VII  ...
b Facebook Mulls China Sales Office
m Call for all skin cancer types to be on register
e South African author Nadine Gordimer dies at age of 90
t Report: Apple vetting payment industry leaders for new role ahead of potential  ...
m Can Medical Marijuana Reduce the Opioid Abuse Epidemic?
b US stocks close mixed
t What time you can see the International Space Station in Wales
e Justin Bieber has ANOTHER car crash; compares himself to PRINCESS DIANA
e Amber Heard (almost) bares all
m Sun seekers in Nova Scotia urged to seek shade this summer over rising skin  ...
e Louis CK Asks TMZ to Take Down Gruesome Tracy Morgan Crash Video
e De Niro's Tribeca sells 50 percent stake to MSG - WBOC-TV 16, Delmarvas  ...
e Mila Kunis, Ashton Kutcher Expecting First Child, Source Says
e N.W.A Biopic Casts Dr. Dre, Eazy-E for 'Straight Outta Compton'
m Thousands of bacteria live on cash, researchers say
t General Motors in More Trouble, Recalls 1.5 Million Vehicles
t Samsung offers a Global Preview of Galaxy S5 and Gear devices prior to Launch
t Edward Snowden speaks at South by Southwest (Video)
b Rates 'could rise by year end'
b RR. says Emirates cancels order for 70 A350 aircraft
t NEW YORK AUTO SHOW: UPDATE! EVERYTHING You Want To Know About  ...
e US Airways in damage control after "extremely NSFW" tweet
t $1.2B Toyota penalty sends warning to auto industry
e Wheel of Fortune: "Most Amazing Solve" Ever
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Mini vs HTC One M8 Mini – An Early Look
e Stephen Colbert joke on Twitter leads to #CancelColbert hashtag
t BlackBerry acquires Secusmart to strengthen its fort
b Business Highlights
e 'Dancing with the Stars' pro Maksim Chmerkovskiy: I love Meryl Davis, would  ...
b Malaysian jet search cut short; new satellite spottings
t Verizon is reportedly launching XLTE band with double 4G speed on May 19
b Why is Amazon paying workers up to $5000 to quit?
b LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) CEO named the best by Glassdoor
t Facebook Adds "Nearby Friends" to Show You Where Everyone's At
e New 'Life With Archie' Issue Sells Out at Comic Book Shops
t New LG G3 Smartphone, Redefines Concept of Smart and Simple
b Mortgage Rates Fall for Second Straight Week
t Amazon is buying Twitch
e Thriller The Rover, shot in outback SA and starring Guy Pearce and Robert  ...
b IBM Q1 Earnings Drop As Hardware Sales Decline
e Avril Lavigne's 'Hello Kitty': 6 reasons it's a terrible music video
t iOS 7.1 Update Release: Bug Fixes and Improvements Coming to iPhone and  ...
m News digest June 26 2014
m Certain Parental Behaviors may Increase Child's Risk of Obesity
b Early rise in Bank rate not likely but possible, Carney says
b Euro to Pound Exchange Rate Forecast - EUR/GBP Up after German  ...
e Movie Friday: This Weekend at the Box Office (Mar. 28-29-30)
t Best match-three puzzle games for Windows Phone on your Lumia
m Health Officials: Mumps Outbreak Now Community-Wide
b China shares down in morning trade
e Ariana Grande announces new album 'My Everything,' previews 'Break Free  ...
t Twitter photo-tagging and multi-image upload tool unveiled
b Inmarsat to Offer Basic Tracking Services for Planes After MH370 Loss
b GM Recalls 1.5M More Vehicles, Takes $300M Charge
m FDA Approves Migration-Prevention Device
t Lost at Sea: Research Sub out of Woods Hole Goes Missing in Deep Pacific  ...
b South Africa: Numsa Rejects Metals Offer - Seifsa
b AAA forecasts busiest Memorial Day travel weekend since recession
t Amazon Fire: 5 things to know
e All by myself, or so he thought: Las Vegas airport video goes viral
e Henry Cavill in Man of Steel Sequel: First Look!
m MERS Virus Cases On The Rises, Mostly Spread Through Others
m Headbanging Caused Brain Bleed In Motörhead Fan
t Spiders Gasoline Recall? Fears of Spiders in Gas Tanks Spark Mazda 6 Recall  ...
e Watch a Glorious Mash-Up of 'Frozen' Characters Singing "Thriller"
m Driving while pregnant: Car-crash risk rises in second trimester
b Pfizer walks away from $118 bln AstraZeneca deal
b Washington Redskins Trademark Registration cancelled
e Fine Tuning: Orphan is the new Black
b China's biggest car show opens
e Dave Coulier marries Melissa Bring in Montana, rep confirms
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 release date, features, and specs review – Rumors
t It's not polar bears, but humans most at risk from global warming, mega-report says
b French bank BNP Paribas hit with $8.97 billion fine for violating U.S. sanctions
m USDA Moves Forward with PEDv Vaccine
m Six months hormone therapy in addition to radiotherapy improves prostate  ...
e Chelsea Handler's Shocking Exit from E!
e 'Midnight Rider' team charged with involuntary manslaughter in train wreck
e What to Watch on Saturday: Second season of 'Orphan Black' starts
b US energy agency cuts Monterey shale oil estimate by 96%
e Eric Hill Death: Bachelorette Producers, Chris Harrison Speak Out on  ...
b US STOCKS-Wall St to open flat after jobless claims; housing data due
t The brains behind Beats Music is suing for $20 million
m VIDEO: Mercy clinic dispenses hepatitis A vaccine
e It's Official! Hugh Jackman, Laura Donnelly, Cush Jumbo Set for Jez  ...
b Asia markets down amid global market selloff
t Toyota To Pay $1.2bn Penalty In Safety Probe
t Samsung debuts Galaxy S5 Mini
m New investigation raises alarm over high rate of C-sections: Report
e Aereo CEO speaks on company, SCOTUS
t Hackers hit PlayStation and Xbox networks for hours and launch bomb scare  ...
t Lyrid meteor shower peaks April 22, coincides with Earth Day
e Rob Kardashian Hasn't Spoken with Sisters Kim or Khloé Since Kimye's Wedding
e UPDATED: Is Eva Mendes Having Ryan Gosling's Baby? She's CONFIRMED To  ...
e What Your Favorite Real Housewives Of New York City Cast Member Says  ...
e WATCH: Batkid Begins Movie Tells Story Of Miles Scott Battling Leukemia And  ...
e Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt 'work hard' to make relationship great
t Rise in distracted-driving crashes prompts TxDOT to amp up safety campaign
e Stephen Colbert Responds To #CancelColbert Backlash Following Racial Tweet
m Too much television may be linked to increased risk of early death
t Soon, astronauts to enjoy freshly brewed coffee at ISS
t Tesco to follow Hudl success with own brand Android smartphone
t Toyota to pay $1.2 billion penalty over safety issues
b Shares Of Herbalife Destroyed On Report Of Criminal Investigation
b Boeing Will Handle Final Assembly Of 787-10 In South Carolina, Not Washington
b India to Have Third-Largest Twitter Population by 2014: Study
b Disney files drone patents
b LinkedIn bets big on mobile after hitting 300 million users
e Robert Pattinson and Robert De Niro to Costar in 'Idol's Eye'
t Jupiter's Great Red Spot is shrinking fast
b Subsidies or not, solar will grow
e Social Media Buzz: Guardians of the Galaxy are out of this world
t MH370 may have turned south 'earlier' than thought: Australia
e Selena Gomez Hires New Manager, Hangs With Orlando Bloom
e Donovan Leitch Didn't Cause Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin Split
t Global Warming is big risk for people
e Andrew Garfield's A-level drama project goes viral - watch
b Target replaces president of Canadian business
t Bigger iPad Necessary for Apple: Munster
e Jada Pinkett Smith Responds to Willow's 'Dirty' Photo, Explains How Will Smith is  ...
e Kim Kardashian Doesn't Even Know the Deets About Her Own Wedding?
e 'Extant' review: Halle Berry's terrific cinematic series premiere
e Shia LaBeouf latest: Chasing homeless men and peeing on restaurants?
e Summer Festival Safety: The Perennial Issues & New Challenges In 2014
t American FingerReader device helps blind people to read
e Ashlee Simpson & Fiancé Evan Ross Have Arrived For Jessica Simpson's Big  ...
e Once Upon A Time is about to get Frozen!
b American Airlines & JetBlue Airways To Terminate Partnership - Quick Facts
t Android 5.0 Lollipop New Status Bar Leaked
t Facebook shift steps up privacy for new users
e 'Breaking Bad,' 'Modern Family' earn top Emmy Awards in night of repeats and  ...
b METALS MORNING REPORT – Quiet start to the week for metal prices
b Is Tesla Finally Turning Around? What About Facebook and Pepsi?
b Janet Yellen: Grit matters more than ability
t Apple and IBM Ink Global Enterprise Mobility Partnership
t Fossils reveal world's biggest ever flying bird
t Samsung Galaxy S5 review: bigger, faster but still plastic
t Apple And IBM Team Up To Bring I-Devices To Business Customers
t Honda commits to extraordinary airbag inflator recall initiative
e Scandal Recap: Happy, Together Family
e Horrific repeat of history as Peaches' children lose mum
t Red Hat to buy eNovance for OpenStack expertise
e Emmys: 12 Drama Series We Hope Get Nominated Tomorrow (But Probably Won't)
b Student Invents 3D Printed Makeup
t New image showing Loch Ness Monster 'is a boat'
t Google Glass – Wearable tech but would you wear it?
b Japan's Cabinet approves energy policy reinstating nuclear power
e 3 reasons why 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' is the best X-Men movie yet
e One Direction Fans Disappointed in Louis Tomlinson, Zayn Malik After Seeing  ...
e Casey Kasem, legendary radio personality, dead at 82
t California gives green light to test self-driving cars on public roads
e Harry Styles has penned a song for Ariana Grande.
b Economic growth for 4Q is revised higher
b Medtronic's "Go Big or Go Home" Strategy Spells Trouble For Bos Sci, St. Jude  ...
t Are Apple emojis are a little bit racist?
t Chinese Government Bans Windows 8 From Its Machines
t National turns back on local councils over climate change
b Fiat 500L crossover recalled for faulty air bags
e 'The Voice' recap: Top 10 perform amid tweet bromance
b NYC Mayor's Plan For Rail Strike? I'm Outta Here
e The 7 Cannes films you've got to see
e WATCH: Martin Freeman on the Wit and Humor in Richard III
b Vavi thanks Numsa
b Eurozone inflation falls to all-time low of 0.5% in March
e Game of Thrones author George RR Martin reacts on his blog to shocking scene  ...
t Why Netflix May Be in Serious Trouble
e Robert De Niro's Gay Artist Father Topic of HBO Documentary
b LinkedIn reaches the 300 million user mark
e Autopsy: Warrior Died Of Heart Disease
e Paul Horn - Jazz Star Paul Horn Dead At 84
e Twitter Watch: Lena Dunham Weighs in on Allison Williams as Peter Pan!
b US Stocks Rise on Johnson & Johnson, Coca-Cola Results
t Kansas gas prices falling, still higher than a year ago
m State on Ebola alert
b Here's what the RBA said the last time...
e Resurrection: Calculating the Probabilities
e Frankie Knuckles: His Chicago sound was heard around the world
t General Motors Crisis: GM Recalls Additional 8.2 Million Cars
e A Mother's Place Is in the House (and Senate)
t Sprint chairman wants to fight rivals, promises 'price war' if allowed to buy T-Mobile
m Ebola outbreak: 61 persons dead, 23 hospitalised in Guinea
t Biggest Booking Mistakes from PPV Event
e All the Times Gus Is Weird in Fault in Our Stars
b JC Penny Stock Surges on Earnings Report
e $10 potato salad Kickstarter idea nets $17000 in pledges for Ohio man
b Amazon, Hachette Dispute Continue; Author James Patterson Slams Amazon
b Demand for SUVs and pickup trucks drives July sales for Big 3 automakers
t Monterey Bay octopus sets new record for brooding period
e VIDEO: Jimmy & Heidi Klum Form Human Wheel on TONIGHT SHOW
e Kim Kardashian reveals she's picked her wedding dress amid buzz it's by  ...
e On the Beat: Neil Young proposes new way to hear music
e Michael Jackson Fans Mark 5th Anniversary of Icon's Death
b Commodities trading outlook: crude oil and natural gas futures
t Appeals court overturns conviction of AT&T hacker 'Weev'
e A time for forgiveness
m School reverses suspension of student who shaved her head for friend with cancer
b Virgin's Branson Urges Young Mexicans to Dump Carlos Slim
b China Seizes Japanese Ship Over Debt ... From 1936
e True Blood Recap: Yakuza-palooza
t Amazon 3D 'Fire' smartphone to challenge rivals
t New Report Underscores Cost Of Man-Made Climate Change
b Yum! Brands (YUM) Reports In-Line Q2 Earnings
e Hugh Jackman has second cancerous growth removed
e While you were sleeping: Oil prices rise
t Apple acquires Beats Music in $3 billion deal
e Kim's Versailles bash ended with fireworks!
t Privacy group files complaint over Facebook
t The educational Osmo game: Reinventing what it means to play with an iPad.
t Microsoft latest victim in China's spy-spooked probes
e Transformers: Age of Extinction Is Basically a Shambles
b Chance of being audited sinks
m CDC: Flu Vaccine Spray Better Than Shots for Young Children
e Singer Katy Perry sued for copyright
e Marvel Comics unveils a new female incarnation of Thor
t Razer Announces Android TV-Powered Micro-Console At Google I/O
b Yen Extends Decline Amid BoJ Iwata's Comments
e Amid boycott of Beverly Hills haunt, city confronts Brunei over sharia law
b Google Shopping Express Brings Same-Day Delivery to Los Angeles, NYC
e Video of 20 strangers kissing goes viral
t Apple Inc. (AAPL) news: Report: Apple holding music service talks, mulling  ...
b 'Near Midair Collision' At Newark Airport Recounted By NTSB
t 'COSMOS: A Spacetime Odyssey'
m Celebrities back dementia campaign in new TV advert
b Cabbies dismiss Uber 'PR stunt,' but protest may have backfired
m Seniors are more physically active in Oregon than the rest of the country
m Marijuana Use May Impair Sleep And Cause Insomnia
e Russell Crowe describes criticism of biblical epic 'Noah' as irrational
e How Michael Jackson lives on after his death
m 2-Year-Old Amputee Learns To Walk, Exclaims, 'I got it!'
m NEW REPORT NOTES PROGRESS IN TURKEY'S HEALTH
e She's That Somebody: Zendaya Will Play Aaliyah In Upcoming Lifetime Biopic  ...
t NASA satellite on quest to measure carbon dioxide
e L'Wren Scott misled Mick Jagger over secret loan
m Whooping cough outbreak leads to warning
t Jury holds line on damages in Apple patent case (Update)
t iPhone 6 screens said to enter production as early as May
b BNP Paribas Fined $9bn For Sanctions Busting
e Game of Thrones Spoilers: Old Friends, Bold Plans, New Champions
m Mosquitoes test positive for West Nile
e Sharknado 2: The Second One Premieres Wednesday Night
e Ed Sheeran Is Learning To 'Booty Clap' For His 'Thinking Out Loud' Video
m Phase 3 ASCEND Study of Pirfenidone in Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis  ...
e Steve Perry of Journey Performs Live for First Time in 19 Years: Watch Him Sing  ...
e Dexter Roberts American Idol “Sweet Home Alabama” Video 3/12/14 #IdolTop11
e Record Store Day in Charlottetown
b Southwest Airlines CFO says second quarter off to a strong start
b Marchionne outlines Fiat Chrysler's 5-year plan in email
e Taylor Swift Wrote an Op-Ed in WSJ.
t Oculus expects to sell over one million units of first-generation consumer Rift  ...
e Solange Knowles sparkles in silver as she walks her first red carpet since THAT  ...
b Russia to appeal Hague ruling ordering $50bn compensation to Yukos  ...
b Yellen concerned forecasting models for prices may not work
t Tesla Motors Inc, SolarCity Corp Among Top 10 Trending Stocks In 2013
e Leonardo DiCaprio Dancing At Coachella Is Our Favourite Thing
b With CEO gone, Target looks to fix image
t RI gas prices unchanged since last week, remains well above the national average
e The IMDb App Now Shows Titles Available Through Amazon Prime Instant Video
t Cosmos: Making science sexy again
e Weird Al Yancovic in the video for "Tacky."
e Malaya Watson sings “The Long And Winding Road” on American Idol Season  ...
b As Amazon looms, Indian e-tailers Strike $400 Million in Deals
t FCC to propose new rules for Internet
e Yes, Hillary Clinton is running ...
b Lagarde insists she will not quit over French fraud case
b MH370: Netizens turn profile pictures black
t Watch the Lyrids meteor shower on-line
m Mangano Announces Minority Health Conference
t HTC One M8 Ace Vogue edition leaks – specs, price, date
e Insane Clown Posse Appeals Dismissal of Lawsuit Against Justice Department
e Miami Mayor, City Officials Look to End Ultra Music Festival
e Scandal RECAP 4/17/14: Season 3 Finale “The Price of Free and Fair Elections”
m More U.S. Children Severely Obese, Study Says
m Blue light takes autism out of the shadows
b UPDATE 2-Pfizer walks away from $118 bln AstraZeneca takeover fight
t Salamanders shrinking as their mountain havens heat up
b SolarCity Answers The Siren Song Of Panel Manufacturing
t Coolest cooler ever
t Facebook Inc (FB) And Oculus Deal: What Analysts Say
m Princess Cruises Illnesses: Over 80 Hit With Norovirus
b ECB hesitates
e [BREAKING] Former 'Dynasty' Star Kate O'Mara Dies at 74
t Part of Canberra Earth Hour event moved to ANU
m Smartphones can loosen emotional bonding with your children: Study
m Family Eats No Sugar For An Entire Year, How Do They Feel Afterwards?
e World, hometown hail `literary giant` Garcia Marquez
e Gareth Edwards to direct Star Wars movie
t Fighting Firefox with fire
t LogRhythm Positioned as a Leader in Gartner's 2014 SIEM Magic Quadrant
t Oculus vs Morpheus: We get hands-on at E3 2014
t Major auto recall by Mazda, Honda and Nissan
b Hertz shifts gears, separates business units
b Rumor Roundup (June 28, 2014): Money in the Bank, WWE title, John Cena vs  ...
t Microsoft releases source code of MS-DOS and Word for Windows
e Celebrate safely by practicing Firework Safety Tips from the Novi Police and Fire  ...
e Movie review: Deliver Us from Evil sends real thrills
b Raw satellite data on MH370 to be released Tuesday
t Five key takeaways from our Titanfall Review
e Bigger can be better or worse at SXSW Film
t Apple Launches Entry Level iMac with i5 Processor for $1099
t Father of the iPod, Tony Fadell to lead Google's hardware division
m Cancer survivors kick off Joliet's Relay for Life
t iOS 7.1 Is Also Available For Two New Unannounced iPads
e CANNES: Sony Classics Acquires Ken Loach's 'Jimmy's Hall'
b Americans may now begin snorting derisively at S&P 2000
e 'Of Mice and Men': EW stage review
t Twitter May Phase Out @ Replies And Hashtags In the Future
e Holocaust memoir author must repay $22m
e Megan Fox Has Legs For Days at 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' Mexico Premiere
t MacBook Air gets a fast refresh
t Sony PS4 beats Xbox One' sales by 2Mln consoles during March
e COMMUNITY Is Cancelled
m Delaware Bans Indoor Tanning for Minors Under 18
e Game of Thrones eyes Emmys crown, but all to play for
b Boeing revenue jumps on plane deliveries
b New York Attorney General Sues Barclays Over HFT
t Android Wear compatible with less than 25% of smartphones
m A third of world's population obese or overweight: Lancet
e 'American Idol' Cuts Back Airtime for 14th Season, Expected to Retain Current  ...
e Canadian director wins Jury Prize at Cannes for 'Mommy'
m Deaf woman's shock as she hears for first time
t Google, Viacom Resolve 7 Year Copyright Infringement Suit
b ECB hints at further stimulus to combat low inflation
b Chinese rush for bottled drinks after benzene pollutes tapwater
t Lenovo Chromebook N20, N20p Launched: Specs And Price Of Laptops  ...
b Illinois Attorney General Sues Companies Offering Student Loan Relief
e Neil Young's $800000 Pono Kickstarter Is Live [VIDEO]
t Reports: Google in talks to buy Twitch game-streaming service for $1 billion
e Anna Paquin 'True Blood' Season 7 Cast Nude PHOTO Alongside Husband  ...
b ECB Framework: BEEEP
t Apple Releases iOS 7.1 With Homescreen Crash Fix, CarPlay Support
t OPPOSING VIEWPOINTS: Should Congress work to combat climate change  ...
b UnitedHealth 2Q profit narrows but handily beats estimates
t Google seeks time to 'forget' people
b List of proposals for tackling student debt
e Robert Downey Jr.'s wife is pregnant again
e Kim Kardashian Starts Beyoncé Feud To Distract From Own Divorce Drama  ...
t NASA climate monitoring satellite will launch on Tuesday
t Amazon's Fire Phone Threatens Wal-Mart, Not Samsung or Apple
m Bristol-Myers and Incyte sign up to evaluate combo regimen of two  ...
e Watch the Replacements live from Coachella
e Huntsville Church Hosts 'Stations of the Cross' Event
e 'Neighbors' charges past 'Spider-Man 2' at weekend box office
e Teen girl who sent terroristic tweet to American Airlines arrested
m Trials in court this week
e Game of Thrones Season 5 Spoilers: What Happens in King's Landing?
t Microsoft Surface Mini Coming May 20th?
m FDA expanded use of eye drug
t Microsoft Rising; 'Surface Pro 3′ a Laptop Killer? Can They Take MacBook  ...
m Young girls likely to become obese if called 'fat'
b Former US top smart phone maker BlackBerry continues to struggle, loses profits
e Scarlett Johansson - Scarlett Johansson teases 'complex' Avengers sequel
t Nike cuts off FuelBand team, may be an Apple iWatch on the way
t Google Testing New Gmail Interface Design?
b Decline in German Business Confidence for Fourth Month
t Heartbleed Bug Affected Millions of Websites in China
b Last Minute Tips for Filing your Taxes
e Demi Lovato Reveals Her Favorite 'American Idol' Contestant
t Galaxy Note 4 Rumors: Specs to Include Ultrasound Powered S Pen
b ECB holds rates, mkts eye Draghi for hints of June action
t Android bug lets apps make rogue phone calls
e Video: 'X-Men — Days of Future Past' 2nd trailer
b BP president: Along the Gulf Coast, resilience and signs of recovery
e REFILE-Swan song for dead parrot? Pythons say reunion will be last
e Wayne Knight Death Hoax: Seinfeld's Newman Is NOT Dead
t How Samsung is Elevating itself to King of Tablets - Introduction of the Galaxy  ...
e Richard Linklater: “It fit my personality to be collaborating with the unknown future”
m Many Americans Believe in Medical Conspiracy Theories
b Alibaba picks NYSE for largest US IPO
b Virginia corn plantings expected to dip slightly
t GM recalls 194107 Buicks in China due to headlight issue
e Seinfeld Turns 25 -- See How the Stars Have All Aged!
e Amateur Night
t Watch Dogs - A Risky Bid, Iraq, IDs, weapons, crane, short-cut
t eBay faces backlash on delays in handling cyber attack
e Harrison Ford Is Reportedly Out Of 'Star Wars: Episode VII' For Weeks Due To  ...
b Burger King in Merger Talks With Tim Hortons
m CDC Report Details New Actions after Staff Potentially Exposed To Anthrax
t Google's Next Tablet Will Be Able to 3-D Map Your Surroundings
m New law requires breast density findings in mammogram reports: Linda Rhodes
e Comic-Con Scholars Dispel Nerd Myths, Name Top Costumes
t Reasons Why Taking Off Messenger From Facebook Mobile Is A Terrible Idea
e WATCH: Selena Gomez Says 'I Will Always Love You' On Instagram -- Message  ...
e Ellen DeGeneres Launching an Ambitious Lifestyle Brand
t Scientists confirm existence of Element 117
e VIDEOS TI and The Game in intense police standoff after club brawl
e Temples played 'Fallon' (watch), free River Rocks and Surf Lodge shows are  ...
b Quinn: Getting more workforce data out of Silicon Valley firms
e The X Factor 2014: Robert Pattinson's sister woos Simon Cowell and Cheryl  ...
b Britain's BSkyB in talks with Fox over pay-TV in Italy, Germany
b Overstock.com, Inc. (OSTK) news: Overstock.com And Bitcoin Shop Offer Virtual  ...
t 'Cosmos' doesn't duck the truth
e Frozen Becomes Top Grossing Animated Film of All Time
e Are Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Married? Rumor Roundup!
e Cameron nervous as 'Avatar' scripts are finalised
e Why cloud companies are watching the Aereo, Supreme Court case very closely
b IMF agrees to $14-18bn bailout deal for Ukraine, US hails support
e Girl hit with shovel during fight gets Kendrick Lamar, Ludacris remix (Video)
e Billy Bob Thorton on FX's 'Fargo' and 'a Haircut Gone Wrong'
e Gwyneth Paltrow didn`t want people to know about her split from Chris Martin
b Why Micros Systems (MCRS) Stock Is Higher In After-Hours Trading
t Astronomers create first realistic virtual universe
t Whales are engineers of ocean ecosystems
e Imperial War Museum to reopen with new WWI objects
t Titanfall the Best-Selling Game on Xbox One
b Clarity On Interest Rates Needed For GBP Rate To Progress
b Nokia promotes Rajeev Suri to CEO
m Veterans Crisis center up and running; Legion standing by to help Colorado  ...
m Alcohol's role in traffic deaths vastly underreported: Study
t Manuel Noriega genuinely suing Activision over "unlawful exploitation" in Call of  ...
b Libya regains control of 2 oil terminals: PM
t Astronauts Play Soccer At International Space Station To Send A World Cup  ...
m Dearth of doctors to treat autism (April 2 is Autism Awareness Day)
t VIDEO: Rubik's Cube Google Doodle Solved
e Photos: AC/DC over the years
e 10 Inspiring Quotes by Maya Angelou That Will Live On Forever
t Climate of Genghis Khan's ancient time extends long shadow over Asia of today
t Numbers on GM recall for faulty ignition switches
b Amazon not optimistic on digital dispute with Hachette
t Camaros Recalled For Ignition Switch Problem
t Nest recalls about 440K Nest Protect: Smoke and CO Alarms because of sensor  ...
e Ashton Kutcher & Mila Kunis Kiss on the Clippers' Kiss Cam - See the Video Here!
e France says Kim and Kanye are not distinguished enough for Versailles wedding
m Predictors of Binge Drinking in Teens
t When Will Microsoft Office Be Out for Android Tablets?
b Background on Blue Shield of California
t Twitter's Numbers Game
t Google feels sting of Apple's Beats acquisition, buys Songza
m West Nile Virus activity detected
e Record Store Day exclusives (and almost 25000 freebies)
e 'Bachelorette' Sneak Peek: Is Nick Playing Games?
b It's Geithner Vs. Warren In Battle Of The Bailout
t Destiny (Hands-On Preview)
t Kendall Jones Backlash: Texas Cheerleader's Hunting Photos Blocked by  ...
e Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber Back Together 2014? 'Slow Down' Singer and  ...
t Learn to Read 3x Faster in Under 5 Minutes. Really.
m UN: Ebola cases could eventually reach 20000 - WNEM TV 5
m Peace Corps evacuates over Ebola as 2 isolated
e Video Interview: Eric Bana talks Deliver Us from Evil!
b UPDATE: German trade slumps; exports, imports fall more than forecast
e 'Tyrant's' Rape Cliches Are Just The Last Straw
e Hilary Duff Wrote Cryptic Song about Mike Comrie
e ABC says Diane Sawyer is stepping down at 'World News'
b Trade talks begin on $1 trillion green goods
e Would Shailene Woodley arm wrestle Jennifer Lawrence?
b Mortgage rates hit low for the year on economic worries
m Study: Measles, Mumps and Rubella Vaccines Not Associated With Autism
e UPDATE 2-Band Aid founder's daughter Peaches Geldof dead at age 25
t Netflix Raises Rate $1 for New Subscribers
b NY subpoenas Credit Suisse in tax probe: Source
e Robert Pattinson Discusses His "Extremely Sweaty" Limo Sex Scene in Maps to  ...
b Reuters: Bulgaria makes first arrests over bank runs
b Eurozone inflation drops, adding pressure on ECB
b Study: Just 11 percent of long-term unemployed find jobs
b Express Channeling J. Crew Implies at Least 67% Buyout Premium
b Iraq poses longer-term risks to oil price: Hans van Cleef
e Twenty years after suicide, Kurt Cobain still fascinates
m Liberians in US worry about Ebola outbreak
b Lawmakers cautious on Comcast, Time Warner Cable
t Amazon buys live-streaming network Twitch for $970-million cash
b Maryland to Abandon $157 million Obamacare Exchange Site
e Dancing With the Stars 2014: NeNe Leakes and Tony Dovolani's Week 7  ...
b NBCUniversal Reaches Multi-Year Deal with WWE
e Album reviews: Johnny Cash|Liars|Willie Campbell
m Marijuana use linked to cardiovascular complications and death
b FOREX-Yen slides as Russia sanctions seen as modest
e 'Scandal's' Columbus Short Arrested In Texas
e 'Game of Thrones' season 4, episode 4 recap: Beware the frozen heart
e 'Community' Isn't 'Arrested Development': Why Dan Harmon Deserves His Sixth  ...
t Undersea Lab 1
m New type of avian flu found in Antarctic penguins
e Ariana Grande announces she will perform at VMA's and debuts new single
m WHO warns of impending polio threat worldwide
b White House allows extra time to enroll for health care
e Kardashian working out every day in lead-up to wedding
e No One Throws A Gay Pride Parade Quite Like New York City [PHOTOS]
e Brad Pitt Net Worth on the Rise with 'The Operators' Role Announced
e Robin Thicke goes ahead with #AskThicke Twitter Q&A: "I can handle it"
e See Kim Kardashian's Bikini Pics On Her Second Honeymoon
t Microsoft outlines new cloud offerings to partners
e SyFy's 'Sharknado 2: The Second One' is everything you'd expect – and less
e Charlie Sheen Is F**king Furious With Rihanna! The Warlock's Reason? Just  ...
e There's a Kim Kardashian iPhone Game, Because That's Just How Life Is Now
e For families living with ALS, it's more than just the Ice Bucket Challenge
e Comcast offers 'American Hustle,' 'House of Cards' with Sony deal
m Intuitive shares revisit lofty heights on approval for new robotic surgeon
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West release wedding photos
m Confirmation for First Case of West Nile in El Paso County may Come Soon
t Apple Given New $620.00 Price Target at Goldman Sachs (AAPL)
t 250 new emojis include Middle finger, Vulcan salute, no racial diversity
t Mario Kart 8 [w/video]
t 36422 Earth Day selfies in NASA's Global Selfie
t Supposed AT&T Samsung Galaxy S5 Active hands-on videos leaked
t Facebook buying virtual-reality
e AC/DC Not Breaking Up Amid Retirement Rumors
e Twitter reacts to the 2014 MTV Video Music Awards
e How Liza Minnelli's Rep Reacted To Shia LaBeouf's 'Cabaret' Arrest
m Medical Marijuana not as effective as thought
e Why Feminists Hate Miss USA Nia Sanchez
b Nikkei almost flat on Monday morning
e Farley Mowat, remembered by his colleagues and friends: 'He is a hero of  ...
m Schumacher's medical records stolen
t Hackers Steal Domino's Pizza Customer Data in Europe, Demand Ransom
t Space station could have 3D printer this summer
e 'The Bachelorette': Bachelors strip for Andi Dorfman
t REVEALED: The Affordable Tesla Model 3
e The Voice Final Performances — Duets win the day
b VIDEO: Hype Aside, IPO Returns Fizzle
t PSA: Last Day to Submit Open Internet Comments to the FCC
t Full moon on Friday the 13th is rare; won't happen again until 2049
e Brussels Jewish Museum Suspect Extradition Is Approved by French Court
t Apple and IBM join forces to push iOS in enterprise
e Justin Bieber sorry for racist joke
b Tim Hortons: a donut shop turned Canadian icon
t FingerReader reads to the visually impaired in real time
t 2014 Jeep Grand Cherokee EcoDiesel: Around The Block
e FIRST LOOK - Neil Patrick Harris Bares All on New 'Rolling Stone' Cover!
m Birth Control Is About To Go Remote Control
e Danielle Armstrong - TOWIE's Danielle Armstrong: Kim Kardashian is my fashion  ...
t Victory for Microsoft as Supremes decline to hear Novell's WordPerfect whine
b Wal-Mart sues Visa for over $5 billion
t VW Tweaks Jetta for '15
e Folksinger Jesse Winchester dead at 69
b Stock Market: Bull Charges To Record 17000
t The latest in Apple vs. Samsung, more
e A Night of Memories on "Dancing with the Stars"
e Stella McCartney's Maleficent kids collection
b Indexes edge lower on Wall Street
b Gazprom to keep supplying gas for Europe, says Ukraine must send it on
b Netflix to Launch in Germany, France, and Four Other European Countries
m Benton County back on top of health rankings
b Court upholds EPA emission standards
t Amazon Mulls Netflix-like E-Book Streaming Service?
t Market Chatter: Google Inc(NASDAQ:GOOG), Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ  ...
b Mates face court over 7m insider trading
t Galaxy Tab S Unveiled by Samsung, AT&T to offer Tab S on 4G LTE
e JJ Abrams & UNICEF Giving Fans A Chance To Be In Star Wars: Episode VII  ...
m Tiny Electric Shocks Could Give You Control Over Your Dreams
e Terry Richardson Offered Vogue Shoot in Exchange for Sex (Report)
e Appreciation: Mickey Rooney Did It All So Well, And Did It Longer Than Anyone  ...
m Alcohol-related deaths on the rise, says World Health Organization
t Video: John Oliver convinces masses to comment on FCC website over net  ...
b Unilever reports Q1 sales growth of 3.6%
e Game of Thrones trailer posts ahead of looming release date
t BlackBerry Ltd, Amazon.com deal to offer 240000 Android apps to BB10 users
t Hands-on: Windows 8.1 Update review
b Ohio gas prices drop as Fourth of July approaches
b UK consumer prices rose 1.6 per cent in March, as expected - UPDATE
m Second baby possibly 'cured' of HIV
e Kim Kardashian Tape Wedding With Kanye West 2014? Which Family Member  ...
t Climate change: Doing nothing does nothing
t Ray-Ban, Oakley to make Google Glass more chic, less geek
t Report Finds Changing Climate Is A Fact, And Impacting The Food We Eat
e The secret of Mad Men's marketing success revealed
b EPA rules would likely block Pebble Mine in Alaska
b Emirates Finalizes $56 Billion Order For 150 Boeing Aircraft
e Massimo Vignelli, who designed iconic NYC subway map, dead at 83
t Ford revises MPGs for some vehicles downward
m Scientists retract claim of simpler stem cells
b How #AmazonCart Works On Twitter: Amazon Launches A New Way To Shop  ...
m North Adams hospital, affiliates to close
t Mark Zuckerberg: "Creative Labs is basically unbundling the big blue app"
e Jimmy Kimmel Stanley Cup Bet: New York City Mayor Bill De Blasio Sings 'I  ...
b U.S. Corn Planting at 19%, Still Behind 28% Average
e Reese Witherspoon Can't Pronounce Cara Delevingne's Name After Met Gala  ...
b IMF to unveil $15-B bailout package for Ukraine
t Amazon Appstore Apps Triple to 240000
e Georgina Haig to play Elsa in Once Upon A Time's 'Frozen'
e Cody Walker remembers Paul Walker as he shoots 'Fast and Furious 7'
e Man arrested in connection with alleged concert rape
e 6 Things You Need To Know About 'Edge of Tomorrow'
e Andy Serkis talks apes, animals and the rise of mo-cap
b Euro PMIs Prove Weaker Than Expected
b Time Warner chief Jeffrey Bewkes's turnaround effort makes the company a  ...
b U.S. home prices rise 10.5 percent in April, but pace slows
t Oracle wins big in ongoing case versus Google
e Church calendar, April 18-24: Journey to the Cross
e See the First Trailer for Fox's Gotham
e 'Dancing with the Stars' season 18 premiere recap: Some dazzled, some didn't
m BA extends Ebola ban
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Smartphone: Review
b Alibaba float shares
t Ford to offer 1964 anniversary-edition Mustangs
b Adobe releases Photoshop Mix, a new image editor for iPad
e Readers given glimpse of grown-up Harry Potter
e Hilary Duff shows off her toned tummy in a bikini as her son Luca dances to her  ...
t NASA to launch global warming satellite after loss
b Barclays hires US law firm to fight 'dark pool' claims
t Sony Reveals Project Morpheus Virtual Reality for PS4
e Amal Alamuddin's mum against Clooney match
e Into everyone's life a little Jon Snow must fall
m Intuitive Surgical surges; auto sales in focus
t Google confirms Google Fit health and fitness tracking
e Fargo (Video) – Season 1 Premiere “The Crocodile's Dilemma” – RECAP
e Johnny Depp served with legal papers at film premiere - report
e Frances Bean Cobain to Lana Del Rey: Don't waste your life like my dad
e Leslie Mann's splendid affair
e Facebook CEO and other powerful women: Banning 'bossy'
b Hong Kong shares close flat
m Cancer mum warns to take care in the sun
b Cuomo's MTA contract triumph also a costly one
b Bad Guys Score Bull's-Eye on Target CEO
e 'American Idol' goes country and rock; tour will hit Syracuse June 29
t France's Iliad makes buyout offer for T-Mobile USA
t As Apple vs Samsung approaches conclusion, Samsung argues Apple's  ...
e Chad Smith Challenges Will Ferrell to Epic Drum-Off on 'Tonight Show'
m The Truth About Gluten
b Euro Remains Soft Ahead Of German IFO Update
e Guardians of the Galaxy Star Chris Pratt Front and Center in New Jurassic World  ...
e Nirvana, Kiss lead Rock Hall of Fame
e X-Men: Days of Future Past: Entertaining, Ambitious and Ingenious
t Google's YouTube division to buy Twitch.Tv for $1 billion
m Cheesecake Factory's Gluttonous Meals Win "Awards"
t A 14-Year-Old Has Devised a Plan to Save the Government Millions — Here's How
b Alibaba to go public, list on NYSE
e Top 5 Best and Hilarious Internet Reactions for Solange Fights with Jay Z in  ...
b Bank of England makes Nemat Shafik and Ben Broadbent deputy governors
e George Clooney receives apology from British website
t Push Congress to pass climate-saving carbon tax
m New York's highest court refuses to reinstate big-soda ban
m Probable West Nile case reported in St. Croix County; New Richmond woman  ...
t Xbox One system update for April leaked, brings back Friend notifications
t Is Bigfoot out there?
e Frances Bean Cobain Tells Lana Del Rey to 'Embrace Life'
e Maya Angelou Dead at 86
m PetSmart Joins Petco, Stops Selling Pet Treats From China Amid FDA Concerns
m Officials take back MERS report
e 'Once Upon a Time' casts its 'Frozen' members Anna and Kristoff; No Elsa yet
m Your 10-a-day: why slaying a sacred cow of health advice is dangerous
m Researchers: Lab mice anxiety toward males may have skewed years' worth of  ...
e Johnny Weir Shoe Collection Puts Imelda Marcos to Shame
e Boston man charged with rape at Urban concert
t Android 4.4.2 KitKat Update For Samsung Galaxy S3 Still Missing
b McDonald's CEO Under Pressure
t Red Hat Acquires eNovance for $95 Million
e The Bachelorette 2014 Andi Dorfman Replacing Jenny McCarthy or Sherri  ...
m Eternal sunshine of the spotless mouse: Scientists successfully erase bad  ...
b U.S. homebuilder confidence up sharply in July
b Best Exchange Rates: Today Finds Pound To Euro (GBP EUR) Rate Close To  ...
e Too far? Miley shocks with date rape joke
t YouTube announces slew of new features at Vidcon
e 'Grease Live' Coming To TV
e U.S. broadcasters' fight with online TV reaches top court
b Honeywell Q2 Profit Rises; But Cuts FY14 Sales Outlook - Quick Facts
m Liberian in Greensboro Worried For Family in #EbolaOutbreak
e 'Orphan Black' star covers many bases
b Thousands of workers strike at China shoe factory
m Anti-Psychotic Medication Not To Blame For Violent Crime - Analysis
e #Iran frees 'Happy' dancers from custody
t Microsoft bets on Surface Pro 3 as laptop replacement
e Listen to Britney Spears' 'Alien' Without Auto-Tune
b Interest rates could rise in 2014
m People more likely to choose a spouse with similar DNA, study finds
b Costs of Censorship Haunt 'Chinese Twitter' IPO
e American Idol 2014 Predictions: Top 9 - Who Is Voted Off Tonight?
b What's Candy Crush Really Worth?
t GM Faces Congressional Hearing Over Safety
e Kanye West and Kim Kardashian Land April 2014 Cover of Vogue Magazine
b European Shares Extends Losses
e Robert Pattinson And Katy Perry Are TOTES A Thing! Just Look At The Evidence...
b BOND REPORT: Treasurys See Biggest Three-day Drop Since March
m Oh shuck: Oyster recalls highlight spread of West Coast bacteria in Mass.
t U of A professor's unassuming gem leads to an ocean of discovery
e Jack Bauer is back: '24' returns for a limited run Monday on Fox
b AG files lawsuits alleging student loan debt scams - News and Weather For The  ...
e 'Fabulous, unforgettable' Farley Mowat remembered for 'enormous literary legacy'
t Identical Twins Offer Up Themselves for Space Science
b Malaysian plane MH17 shot down; Ukraine prez, rebels deny involvement
e See 45 Photos from the Kimye Wedding Weekend!
m New DNA test may provide non-invasive alternative for colon cancer screening
t News break - April 1
e Kanye Surprises Kim Kardashian With Lana Del Rey Performance at Pre  ...
t Beats Music Service Sued by Former Executive Amid Possible Sale to  ...
m Ebola Quarantine Units Open in Guinea to Stop Disease Spreading
t (Flight MH370) Australia, Malaysia reach search cost-sharing deal
t BlackBerry Review of News: QNX CarPlay, BBM, Secure Word Space  ...
t Of fire and ice
b Barclays Profits Fall 7%
t Will a larger iPhone steal sales from the iPad Mini?
m Judge orders Connecticut teen returned to parents
e Kim Kardashian Wedding Preview: All the Men Who Came Before 'Ye
m Study Shows Flu Vaccine Reduced Children's Risk of Intensive Care Unit Flu  ...
m California seeks to ease restrictions on Gulf oysters
t Samsung is still not done releasing new versions of the Galaxy S4
e Chris Martin struggled with Gwyneth Paltrow's fame?
b Amazon under Labor dept. scanner over 2 workers death in Warehouse
b How Wal-Mart Plans To Shore Up Its Earnings
t Climate change threatens India's economic growth - IPCC
t ISSpresso coffeemaker will make hot cup of coffee for Astronauts at ISS
e Lindsay Lohan reveals miscarriage
t Xbox One, PS4 Guzzle Massive Amounts of Electricity Nationwide When No  ...
e Ryan Gosling Becoming A Dad? Eva Mendes Is Pregnant According To Reports  ...
b Judge says American Airlines can't end retiree benefits yet
t QNAP Fixes Heartbleed OpenSSL Vulnerability With System Update
t It's a mistake to rely on Russia's space shuttle
e Poor DC Showing Among James Beard Award Finalists
m Sen. McCaskill scolds Dr. Oz at hearing on weight loss scams
e Japan pop group cancels events after saw attack
b Uber, Lyft ignore Ann Arbor's cease and desist demand; no tickets issued  ...
t Samsung Gear Fit, Gear 2, Gear 2 Neo officially available in India at Rs 15450  ...
e Is George Clooney destined for a happy ending?
m WHO urges 'drastic action' to combat Ebola in West Africa
m Energy and Sports Drinks' Consumption Associated with Unhealthy Habits  ...
b Crude oil futures near 9-month highs on Iraq crisis
t Nest now works with Mercedes, Jawbone, Whirlpool and more
e 'Sabotage' is all about a star's power
e Surprise! There's a Brand New Joss Whedon Movie You Can Rent Online
e Sideshow: Tyler, the Creator, plays to sold-out crowd after arrest
m Beyond wearables: electronic implants could cure disease
e Anne Hathaway, Kristen Stewart dress in drag for Jenny Lewis music video
t Amazon hints at April 2nd as the coming out party for its set-top box
t Box Announces Streem Acquisition; Dropbox Reportedly Buys Parastructure
t Annual 'Click It or Ticket' campaign begins
m And the healthiest county in Oregon is ...
t Friday the 13th and full moon collide
e Nikki Ferrell Responds To Haters After Juan Pablo Insults Her On The Bachelor  ...
t Facebook Redefines 'Moonshot' With Oculus Rift Virtual Reality Purchase
b Samsung's smartphone saturation strategy stumbles
t Google VP Makes Promises to Evicted Tenants
t Dropbox Carousel Photo App For iOS And Android Announced
t 6 Ford Vehicles Get Their Ratings Reduced
t Halo 1-4 Remastered Collection Coming to Xbox One in 2014?
t VIDEO: Florida Driver Goes From Road Rage To Instant Karma In Seconds Flat
m Miami Marlins' Brett Butler supports Jim Kelly in cancer battle
e Robin Thicke Names Album After Paula Patton
t Facebook manipulated users' emotions with News Feed for 'unethical' experiment
m MERS virus: Saudi Arabia confirms 26 more cases, 10 deaths
b Whitbread share price jumps on robust Q1 trading update
m British scientific panel backs potential 'three-parent' IVF babies
m Woman films herself having a stroke in order to get the right diagnosis
e Ellen DeGeneres Interviews Obama: "I Think Everyone's Very Grateful" For  ...
m Restaurant worker could have exposed 5000 to hepatitis in Springfield, Mo.
b Positive Chinese manufacturing data boosts share market
m Measles cases on the rise
b Officials scramble to enforce new state water limits
t Microsoft Launches Next Generation of Nokia X Android Phone
t How To Meld AT&T-DirecTV
e Rob Kardashian Comes Out Of Hiding In Malibu! See What The Reality Star  ...
b Elon Musk: 'I thought Tesla would most likely fail'
e Russell Crowe defends 'Noah' against flood of criticism
e i Editor's Letter: Rolf Harris has corrupted childhood innocence
e Justin Bieber apologizes for being a racist
e Regardless of faith, epic Noah is just plain good
t GM's new CEO Mary Barra to testify Tuesday over deadly ignition switch problems
e Kim Kardashian Can't Stay Off the Internet During Her Honeymoon
t Mini-Surface Expected To Launch at May 20 Microsoft Event
e Game of Thrones celebrates a wedding in "The Lion and the Rose"
m FDA approves EYLEA Injection for treatment of Diabetic Macular Edema
m Relay for Life positive way to raise funds
m TB cases are on the rise in Washington, health officials say
t 5 Things Bungie Should Do to Make Destiny Last
t Scary Smart $199 Cup Knows That's Not Just Orange Juice You're Drinking
t NRDC Report: Video Game Systems Use Over $1 Billion In Energy Each Year
m New Research Questions Early Prostate Cancer Treatment Options
b Business update: AstraZeneca rejects sweetened Pfizer takeover bid
t Android for wearables coming, says Google software boss
e Practising for the big day? Kim Kardashian looks every bit the blushing bride at  ...
e Watch Beyoncé Perform Her Entire Album (Basically)
e Once Upon A Time Casts Georgina Haig as Elsa
e Ex-'View' Star Elisabeth Hasselbeck Responds To Exits of Sherri Shepherd  ...
e Man accused of raping 17-year-old girl during alcohol-fueled Keith Urban  ...
e Taylor Swift Highest Earning Musician of 2013 ...
e Johnny Depp called to court to defend fan's murder charge
t This is how much the Moto X+1 will cost
b Stocks Poised For Soft Start; Vertex Rockets In Premarket
b Chinese satellite spots possible MH370 flight debris
t William Shatner Honoured With Nasa Award For Being A Star Trek Legend And  ...
t UN Experts Agree: Global Warming is Causing Storms, Famine, War — And It'll  ...
b Chairwoman Janet Yellen to deliver Federal Reserve report on monetary policy  ...
t Samsung Claims the $2.19B Lawsuit with Apple is an Insult
e Robin Thicke Twitter Q&A Goes Horribly Awry: Internet Trolls Question Singer  ...
m Topless woman trashes Florida McDonald's, stopping only to eat ice cream
t '27 years of catching up to do'
e Home WhatsOn ArtsEntertainment Keith Urban, Miranda Lambert lead rockin  ...
e Transformers Dominate Box Office Again with Age of Extinction
e Will Selena Gomez Hire Kris Jenner as Her New Manager?
m Higher protein intake linked with fewer strokes in some studies
e The One Big Thing You Should Know About the 'Game of Thrones' Finale
m Why am I live-tweeting my colonoscopy?
e True Blood Season 7 Finale Sneak Peek [WATCH VIDEO]
e Beyoncé still doesn't want to be friends with Kim Kardashian!
t Facebook study co-author apologizes for controversial experiment
b Anglo Irish Bank: Ex-chair Sean FitzPatrick walks free from court after being  ...
e Emma Stone joins the star cast of Woody Allen's next film
t 25th anniversary Of Voyager flyby of Neptune's Moon, Triton [VIDEO]
e Chelsea Handler's manager confirms late night host will be leaving E! at end of  ...
e Tracy Morgan Showing Signs Of Improvement, Doctors Are Optimistic!
m Pistorius trial focuses on 'screams' during shooting
b Deal Allows Tesla to Sell Cars in 3 Ohio Locations
t Facebook looks to drones, lasers and satellites for Internet acc - 12 News KBMT  ...
m Watch a 40-year-old Deaf Woman Hear for the First Time
b Steady Start Expected For China Stock Market
t Supreme Court rules against upstart Aereo TV service in copyright case
t Women should contribute to socio-economic development of Pakistan, says  ...
e Lovely visuals, smart writing in 'Dragon'
b Twitter annual growth rate expected to fall, despite rise in users: Report
e Billboard Music Awards 2014: Michael Jackson's 'Slave to the Rhythm' Hologram  ...
t As Oculus Rift draws near, Sony attacks
t The Supreme Court Might Have Just Delivered Aereo a Death Sentence
m Your Mom Taught You Wrong: Washing Raw Chicken Can Lead to Food  ...
t Boston hospital using Google Glass
e Gwyneth Paltrow`s ex-boyfriend opens up about contentious kiss
e Nick Cannon Responds To “Whiteface” Backlash + 9 More Black Comedians  ...
m Doctors design mini dialysis machine for babies
t 'Heartbleed' Bug Becomes a Critical Internet Illness
m Bionic pancreas will be lifesaver for people with Type 1 diabetes
m Top Doctor Dies From Ebola After Treating Dozens of Patients
e Jesse Winchester dead at 69, singer-songwriter became anti-war icon
b Google, Barnes & Noble team up to battle Amazon
t Winooski student wins state Google competition
b Why bookstores aren't going away
b Wall Street plunges on sell-off
e Cause of death revealed for GWAR's David Brockie
e Emma Watson on how Hogwarts prepped her for 'Noah'
b Los Angeles Sues Time Warner Cable -
b Video shows near-collision of jets at Barcelona airport
b Fairfax Financial Says Insider Trading Probe Targets CEO
b Home»News»Business»Lowest number of Americans seeking jobless benefits  ...
e This 'Muppets' not exactly child's play
t Uthans to have celestial treat when Earth will eclipse Moon
t Google Street View Lets Users go back in Time
m Study finds gay men app users at higher risk of STD
b FTC: Operators of jerk.com site misled consumers
m Brewers push back at FDA proposal to regulate spent grain
m Drinking milk may stave off arthritis in women
e Kim Kardashian Arrives In Paris: When Will Kanye West's Wedding Happen?
m Austism Rate Rises To 1 In 68 US Children
t Nintendo unveils NFC character figurines, compatible 3DS device
b Batman v Wolverine: Time Warner turns down $80 billion offer from Rupert  ...
e Supervise children around fireworks
t Climate Change Is Here, And No One Is Immune, UN's IPCC Report On Global  ...
b Air Products & Chemicals appoints Seifi Ghasemi as it's chief executive
m Forget moms, young dads face depression too
b U.S. Shale Operations Cushioning 'Iraq Effect' on Oil Prices
b Trending Stocks: International Business Machines (NYSE:IBM), Goldman Sachs  ...
t NASA's Hubble Space Telescope Spots Mars-Bound Comet Sprout Multiple Jets
e Emma Stone Talks About Boyfriend Andrew Garfield: 'I love him very much'
t Lyrid meteor shower peaks tonight: How to watch online
e Fox 2000 developing sequel for 'Mrs. Doubtfire'
e Facts to know about fireworks
t Google's 'Street View' adds digital time capsules
b Bond market return shows 'renewed confidence' in Greece
t NASA's space station Robonaut getting its legs
e Surviving husband injured in SXSW crash upgraded to fair; He's among 7 still  ...
e Tuesday at Cannes: Marion Cotillard, Petra Nemcova, Eva Herzigova, Sofia Loren
b Harry's Take: Fukushima still in need after three years
t Archaeologists Discover 3300-Year-Old Egyptian Tomb With Pyramid Entrance
e 'Harry Potter' returns in a JK Rowling short story
e Listen To Jack White “Lazaretto” (Stream)
e Rolf Harris trial: Tonya Lee uses lawyers to get court transcript of her evidence
e Paul Walker's brothers to fill in for late actor in 'Fast 7'
b What you need to know before the US open
b Pre-opening: Will Sensex manage to hold 25000 today?
t Updated: eBay asks users to change passwords after cyberattack
m Researchers call for further smoke-free legislation
b Warren Buffett Is Ready to Replace Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac
e The six most memorable moments from the BET Awards
t Ahead of its 'small' Surface event in New York, Microsoft hints at the Surface Pro 3
e Cannes 2014 struggles with strikes, showers and unhappy critics
b Important lessons to take away from BNP Paribas' record settlement
e Not Sure I Agree With You a Hundred Percent on Making Fargo a Series There, FX
b Consumer sentiment declines in March: report
m Wikipedia could tell us when there is a flu outbreak
t NASA to go ahead with Dragon capsule SpaceX launch
e Larry Wilmore to Replace Stephen Colbert in New Comedy Central Show
e tvtype: Is your relationship a 'conscious coupling'? Take the Paltrow quiz and find  ...
m Saturated Fats May Not Be Our Enemy
e Drake Disguises Himself to Ask People What They Really Think of Him - Watch  ...
e New Video: Eminem 'Headlights' (Dir. By Spike Lee)
b Here Are Some 'Elephants' That Warren Buffett Should Hunt
b Tesla to move on two 'gigafactory' states
m Study Finds Extreme Obesity May Shorten Life Expectancy Up To 14 Years
e Watch the Much Music Video Awards performances again: Ed Sheeran, Ariana  ...
t Cannibal Lancetfish Washes Up Ashore Alive
b Kraft Recalls Cottage Cheese – May Have Been Improperly Stored
e The Notebook Director Reveals Explosive On-Set Fight Between Ryan Gosling  ...
e Unseen Footage Shows President Franklin Roosevelt Walking In 1937
e Joss Whedon Just Responded To Edgar Wright's Exit In The Perfect Way
b Tim Hortons Downgraded by BMO Capital Markets to Market Perform (THI)
e 'Dawn of the Planet of the Apes' Short Films Explore Life Before the Dawn
t Gas Prices Fall 3.7 Cents In Chattanooga
m Deputy Fire Chief Promotes Breast Cancer Awareness As Padres' 'Bat Girl'
e Now This Looks Good: Watch Jay Z And Beyonce Kick Off 'On The Run' Tour
b 'Most expensive divorce in history': Russian oligarch ordered to pay more than  ...
b S.F. Tells Startup to Stop Selling Public Parking Spaces Using Smartphone App
t Agency to require rearview cameras in new vehicles
e Ann B. Davis, Beloved 'Brady Bunch' Maid, Dies At 88
e UC Santa Barbara Hosts Vigil For Victims Of Killing Rampage
t Little Time Left to Turn Down the World's Heat, UN Says
t The Most Powerful Nerd In The Universe (And A Unicorn)
e Barbara Walters' Last 'View': Oprah Winfrey, Hillary Clinton Pay Tribute to  ...
b Ahead of the Bell: US Existing Home Sales
b 24/04/2014Unilever says Q1 sales down, blames exchange rates
t Loggerheads return to ocean at Tour de Turtles event
e Harry Potter spin-off set to be trilogy
e Jessie J Announces New Single 'Bang Bang' With Nicki Minaj And Ariana Grande
e Nick Cannon's Dad Shares Cryptic Messages About Relationship Amid His  ...
m Ebola kills 46 in Sierra Leone
e The Apes are Now in Control
t Facebook Acquires Virtual Reality Headset Oculus
t Akamai: Global average web speed up 24% annually to 3.9 Mbps, 20% of  ...
b Zillow Reaches Deal For Trulia
e Jupiter Descends in the Second 'Jupiter Ascending' Trailer
e Focus on Rolf Harris case and child sex abuse inquiries must include better care  ...
m The Best and Worst States for Infertility
m CDC issues mixed food-safety report
e Pharrell Williams Cries 'Happy' Tears During Oprah Winfrey Prime Interview
e Eva Mendes Pregnant with Ryan Gosling's Child, Twitter is Going Crazy Over the  ...
e Thailand's cybercoup
m '300 Babies Born HIV-Free By Infected Mothers'
t Poor Wii U sales see Nintendo post third annual loss in a row
b Bank of America CEO gets 89% boost in compensation package
t NYT: Feds Didn't Act On 260 Complaints Of GM Cars Shutting Down
t The 27 highlights of Apple's iOS 8 and iOS 8 SDK launch
b Home sales hit 20-month low; expect rebound
m CNN: At least 40 vets died while waiting for care at Phoenix VA
e Marc Platt and Ryan Gosling to Co-Produce Busby Berkeley Biopic, About Oscar  ...
e UPBEAT NEW JERSEY: In praise of mothers and families
t Chromecast is now available in 11 more countries
b Whole Foods shares drop sharply on lowered sales, profit outlook
t Microsoft cutting 18000 jobs, signals new path - CBS 3 Springfield - WSHM
e 'Divergent' Premieres in Los Angeles - CRIENGLISH.com
t Android Wear Release Date: Google Smartwatch Shown On Video, When Can  ...
t Air quality worsening in cities
b Obama Administration expected to expand wage and hour protections  ...
m Being Fat May Increase Ovarian Cancer Risk
t Eureka! Point of Agreement Discovered Between a Republican and Scientists
e Lindsay Lohan - Lindsay Lohan: I felt humiliated by sex list
b Accused insider trader gets bail
e Stephen Colbert's 10 Greatest Moments on The Daily Show
t Edward Snowden at SXSW: The NSA is Setting Fire to the Future of the Internet
m Excessive Drinking Results In 10% Deaths In Working Age Adults
t Facebook sets privacy as default setting
e WATCH: Weird Al Releases New Video For "Royals" Parody "Foil"
t Cosmos brings visually stunning science to network television
m Marijuana study for veterans wins federal backing
m Gene-Targeting Anti-Aging Claims Aren't Allowed, FTC Tells L'Oréal
e New Kurt Cobain Suicide Note And Death Scene Images Released As Hall Of  ...
b INVESTOR ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Announces Investigation of Family  ...
t Apple Updates MacBook Pro With Retina Display
e Demi Lovato - Demi Lovato reveals her grandfather was gay
t NASA study reveals West Antarctic Glacier melting appears to be irreversible
e Jagger met dancer before L'Wren's suicide
e Amazon Prime Music service goes live in US with more than 1m songs
t Microsoft manager shares update on Xbox One controller for PC
t MediaTek Realizes 480fps Full HD Super-Slow Motion on Smartphones Press  ...
e 'How I Met Your Mother' reveals mystery in final episode
e Watch As Outkast Reunites For Day 1 Of Coachella 2014 (VIDEO)
t Samsung Galaxy Grand Neo vs. Galaxy Grand i9082 Specs and Price  ...
t Hands-on: Is Destiny the epic Bungie is praying for?
t Facebook's Oculus buyout has resulted in some brilliant memes: here are our  ...
t Tesla, Panasonic sign agreement for battery “gigafactory”
e Pharrell Williams wears new headgear - but is it an improvement?
b US initial jobless claims fall by 6000 to 312000 last week
e 'Seinfeld' debuted 25 years ago
e Film Review: Costner and Reitman keep 'Draft Day' from fumbling
m Mom Mindy Train uses her body as a 'speed bump' to save her daughters
b Owner of Trib Total Media has untreatable cancer
e Not amused by Seth Rogen movie, Kim Jong-un vows 'all out war'
e Movie Review: Captain America: The Winter Soldier (2014)
b Goldwyn: Uber, Lyft technology can help taxi industry
b WWE Money in the Bank 2014: Most Memorable Moments from PPV Event
b Southwest Airlines Launches New International Routes At BWI
b Malaysia Airlines MH370 search: more possible debris spotted
t Facebook decided to buy Oculus because it can
e Every Rose has its Thorn: Hometown Dates & Man Tears
m Life insurance companies do not prefer e-cigarettes
t Apple poaches another luxury executive, Patrick Pruniaux, from Tag Heuer as  ...
e Remembering Gabriel Garcia Marquez, storyteller who resonated with readers  ...
t The brains behind Oculus, Facebook's $2 billion baby
m New study sheds light on when — and where — autism develops in the brain
e Richard Donner Says 'Goonies' Sequel Still Kicking
t EBay tells users to change passwords after breach
t Microsoft Closing on $7.2bn Nokia Purchase Friday
e Are Khloe Kardashian and French Montana Ready For Kids?
b Why America will never see the kind of Uber protests cab drivers are staging all  ...
b Deloitte takes a look at Bitcoin asking whether it can enter the mainstream and  ...
b House to vote on R&D credit this week The Lerner saga continues
e Cameron Diaz & Jason Segel's sex scenes stink
t Google's Self-Driving Car Is Even Better At Driving Than You Think
b Stock Downgrades: Boeing Going Lower
e Top 40 radio broadcaster Casey Kasem dies
b Why the housing market is suddenly struggling
t BlackBerry Ltd (BBRY) Prepares To Fix Heartbleed Bug
b Fed Watch: FOMC Preview
b Fed sees October as end for monthly bond buying
e Desiree Hartsock says Juan Pablo Galavis and Nikki Ferrell should not be judged
t Samsung May Acquire Nuance, the Voice-Recognition Firm Behind Siri: Report
e ESPYs 2014: Watch Drake Perform “Honorable Mention” And “Side Pieces” With  ...
m Songs with alcohol references driving teens to binge drinking
t Nintendo falls back into red with US$229mil Q1 loss
b Asia shares find steadier footing, China worries
b Monday Morning Business Brief
m Study links poor sleep to obesity in children
b BofA suspends buyback, dividend increase after capital error
t VIRAL VIDEO OF THE DAY: Kids try to use old school computers
e It took an army of thousands to Veronica Mars on the big screen
e Avril Lavigne Defends 'offensive' Hello Kitty: RACIST??? LOLOLOL!!! I love  ...
t Microsoft debuts new Surface tablet to 'replace your laptop' (VIDEO)
e Megan Fox cursed by pedestrians in Times Square
t Yeti is Actually a Ancestral Polar Bear
m Health and hygeine: High five more hygienic than handshake
t Amazon's Kindle Unlimited service could be the digital library we've always wanted
b Federal Reserve To Bank Giants: Don't Get Bigger
t 10 Cool Facts About the Moon for the 45th Anniversary of Apollo 11
t EMC acquires TwinStrata to push corporate data into the cloud
e Record Store Day 2014 picks & parties
m Cheap Junk Food Could Be Key Contributor To Obesity
e The Brady Bunch Star Ann B. Davis Dies at 88
b Your next Chipotle run will make your wallet lose weight
e 'Star Wars 7' Release Date, Cast & News Updates: Mystery Woman Joins Film  ...
e Emmys 2014: The night's biggest surprises
e New Ocean City pub unveils fruity brews, social seating
t Windows XP users vulnerable after Microsoft ends support
b UPDATE 2-SNB says ready to act as needed in wake of ECB easing
t Google's Motorola Unveils New Moto E Smartphone, Moto G Upgrade
t Court overturns conviction of AT&T hacker Andrew 'weev' Auernheimer
e Tila Tequila announces pregnancy, writes letter to unborn child
t Gas prices expected to remain stable through holiday
e Pat Sajak says 'global warming alarmists are unpatriotic racists', sparks epic  ...
t Report: Microsoft's Nadella, Elop Nixed 'Surface Mini' Debut After Deciding It's A  ...
b Bank of America to pay $1.3bn fine to US
m Do Saturated Fats Really Cause Heart Disease?
b GM recalls 1.5 million additional cars, will take $300 million charge
e 'Get on Up' review: James Brown was all about the groove, but the biopic of his  ...
t Android L Developer Preview on Nexus 5 and Nexus 7 rooted
b Brian Dickerson: Bankruptcy shield can't restore GM's moral solvency
b Oracle to buy Micros Systems for $5.3 billion
e 'Breaking Bad' and Bryan Cranston win Emmy Awards
b Kansas consumers to receive $1.4 million from e-book settlement
e Paul Mazursky dies at 84
t Samsung Brings Its Latest Tablets to India
t US lawmakers, victims pressure GM on recalled vehicles
e What Were People Saying About Colbert When His Show Debuted in 2005?
e Jeopardy!'s Alex Trebek sets Guinness World Record for hosting
e Kimye Cover Backlash Forces Anna Wintour To Desperately Defend Her  ...
b FTSE rises as jobless fall adds to economic cheer
t Google adds more musical chops with Songza deal
e Khloe Kardashian Dumps Family For French Montana
b Detroit still needs $350M from state lawmakers - WSVN-TV - 7NEWS Miami Ft  ...
b Judge refuses to tell drivers to park recalled GM vehicles
e Singer's accuser gives press conference
e 'Neighbors' Review: Frats, Families and Funnies
t World is 'ill-prepared' for effects of climate change
b Fiat Chrysler can make 6 mln cars a year, CEO says
t From the world's tallest building to the red planet: First Arab spaceship set to  ...
e Alien creator HR Giger dies aged 74 after fall
e Rolf Harris trial: Entertainer 'groomed, dominated' 13-year-old before abusing  ...
m Scant funds, rare outbreaks leave Ebola drug pipeline slim
t Spotify Adds Sleep Playlists While Songza Discovers The Power Of Weather
t Discarding Net neutrality is a bad idea
b Kaepernick defends reputation on Twitter
e Who Just Got Cast in Star Wars Episode VII?
t What specs and price should we expect from the Samsung Galaxy Note 4?
t Apple iphone users are browsing more than the Android users
e Disney TV Shakeup: Anne Sweeney Leaving to Pursue Directing Career
b Well, Frack. Monterey Shale Sees Drastic Cut
t Who Will Control Alibaba After its IPO?
b Barclays bank to make 14000 cuts in UK and abroad
e 'The Shield' Star Michael Jace Arrested for Allegedly Murdering His Wife
m Even small amounts of mindfulness meditation can reduce stress
e Prince releasing two new studio albums on same day
e Elliot Rodger's shooting spree: Seth Rogen, Judd Apatow slam Washington  ...
e Not everyone is on board for Full House reunion
b Amazon Spells Out Objectives in Hachette Negotiation
e Angry Birds Transformers On the Way
b Looking to file your taxes later than the deadline? There may not be a penalty
e Leaked video shows Jay-Z attack
e Sherri Shepherd Fired from "The View" -- Jenny McCarthy Out Too
t SpaceX names Texas as site of its commercial space launch facility
b Stocks: Netflix up, Xerox down
e Keith Richards branches out by writing a CHILDREN'S book
b Ford To Name COO Mark Fields As CEO Soon, Replacing Mulally: Source
e AMERICAN IDOL: RECAP FOR MAY 20, 2014
t Gas prices drop again
e Community Revived for a Sixth Season on Yahoo Screen
e 'Batman Arkham Knight' Delayed For Town Planning Reasons
t New report leak: Worse than we thought: Climate change and tourism plan B  ...
e Now Frozen Is Going to Conquer TV, Too, Apparently
e The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back  ...
e Miley Cyrus files restraining order against deranged fan
m Many prefer electric shocks to solitary thoughts
t Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA): Stock Up On Patent Sharing News
t Report: Antarctic Ice Losses Have Doubled
b Kerry, Sushma co-chair fifth Strategic Dialogue
m Watching Too Much TV May Be Linked With Early Death, Study Says
t Office For iPad Downloaded 27 Million Times
e Daniel Radcliffe says he's unlikely to play Harry Potter again in wake of JK  ...
e Kim Kardashian Still Hasn't Sent Out Wedding Invites
m National Infertility Awareness Week
t 8 companies Apple is screwing over with iOS 8 and OS X Yosemite
b UPDATE 3-BES seeks capital as key staff suspended after massive losses
t SpaceX investigating Falcon 9 first stage helium leak
t VIDEO: Apple Said To Be Prepping Smart Home Software Platform For WWDC  ...
e Kourtney Kardashian Is Pregnant Again!! Expecting Third Child With Scott Disick!
e Jennifer Lawrence Shares Her Secret to a Happy Hollywood Relationship
b Pound Euro Exchange Rate: GPB-EUR Moves Above 1.2 Again
b Uber offers 50% discount during Spanish taxi strike
e Robert Jeffress Shares 'The Passion and the Promise' of Jesus Christ
b Consumer Prices Rise 0.2%
e Sheryl Sandberg's LeanIn.Org and...
b Fed Optimism Lifts Asia Stocks, Dollar Struggles
m In response to request from Sierra Leone, WHO changes reporting method for  ...
e Andi Dorfman and Josh Murray's Bachelorette Love Story: See Their Cutest  ...
e Idris Elba and girlfriend welcome baby boy
t Apple rolls out faster Macbook Air laptops as iPhone 6, iWatch rumours swirl
t Microsoft Plots 'Agile' Development Course as Talk on Job Cuts Loom
b Toyota To Move Its US Sales And Marketing Headquarters To Dallas from  ...
t Monarch Butterflies May Navigate Using An Internal 'Magnetic Compass'
m New Drug For Hepatitis C - A 90% Success Rate!
e Cameron Diaz's Style Evolution -- See Her Most Fashionable Moments!
e #AskThicke: 16 tweets that show the evolution of Robin Thicke's disastrous  ...
b Intel Seeks To Improve Their Standing In The Mobile Markets
t Twitter turns 8: Are these the funniest tweets ever? We think so
t Engineers design “living materials”
t There's a Supermoon rising over NYC this weekend
e AC/DC's Brian Johnson denies split rumors
e Rolf Harris guilty of indecent assaults
t iPhone 6 Stacked Against iPhone 5s and Samsung Galaxy S5 - Images
e OUR VIEW: Easter a good time to give thanks for the saints among us
b Amgen closing Longmont, Boulder facilities
m MERS-CoV: What is going on?
t Apple Vs. Samsung: Apple Wins Battle But Losing War?
b MH370 crew, passengers 'innocent until proven' guilty, says minister
b NY Family Wins $9 Billion in Trial Over Cancer Linked to Diabetes Drug Actos
t Microsoft to announce major layoffs later this week -- report
e Dancing With The Stars Season 18 FINALE PART 2 Stream [+SPOILERS] Who  ...
b Sales of Existing US Homes Fall for a Third Month
e 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' review: Less than meets the eye
t Google I/O 2014 schedule is now available
m Saudi Arabia announces eight coronavirus fatalities in 24 hours
e Is Selena Gomez and Orlando Bloom Moving On from Their Exes with Each Other?
t Microsoft Finds Surprising New Ways To Undermine Windows Hardware
t 10 Best April Fools' Jokes That Are Getting Everyone Today (VIDEOS)
t Just how good is Oculus Rift Development Kit 2 in comparison to DK1?
b Solar industry gives HELCO, sister companies high rankings
t Twitter agrees to acquire Gnip to boost data analysis tools
e Matt Damon uses toilet water in Ice Bucket Challenge video
m This Jet Lag App Does The Math So You'll Feel Better Faster
e Jen Aniston, Gerard Butler, Vanessa Hudgens and a Host of Other A-List Stars  ...
e Beloved Comic Book Character Archie to Die, Heroically, This July
e INTERVIEW: The cast of Divergent tells us what it takes to be Dauntless
b Mortgage Rates in US Uptick in Late April
m Polio resurgence is an 'extraordinary event,' could unravel three-decade fight for  ...
b Oregon, Washington sue 5-Hour Energy, accuse company of deceptive advertising
m Brazil faces dengue threat during FIFA world cup
e How big breasts led Roger Ebert to discover a great filmmaker
m Kids Get Codeine in ER Despite Risks
t Samsung Gear Fit, Gear 2, Gear 2 Neo Available In Indian e-Store For Rs 15450  ...
e Kim Kardashian Claims Her Wedding Dress Is Perfect
t HTC Rumored to Release a Plastic HTC One M8 in May
b Malaysia Airlines MH370: Search for missing jet shifts north after French satellite  ...
e Jenny Lewis Forms a Band With Kristen Stewart and Anne Hathaway in New  ...
b US Dollar Steady Ahead of Jobs Report
e Dolly Parton Dazzles Crowds At Glastonbury
e Holy Week/Easter services
b Japan trade deficit quadruples on-year to $14 billion
e Miley Cyrus hospitalized, has to cancel Kansas City show
b Google shares slide after disappointing results
t Google I/O 2014: Google unveils Android L, Android TV, and some new stuff for  ...
e Danny Boyle, Leonardo DiCaprio may reteam for Steve Jobs movie
e Craig Ferguson announces he's leaving 'Late Late Show'
t Gas prices still rising
b Is the Gulf spill cleanup finished?
b Walmart to start taking used games for store credit
e Here's Video of Beyoncé's Sister Attacking Jay-Z in an Elevator
t Windows XP service discontinued, user data at risk
t Tietronix chosen for software research and maintenance job for NASA mission  ...
t Apple's mixed victory over Samsung
e Game of Thrones, First of His Name, review: 'Westeros belongs to the women'
m Brazil 2014: World Cup dengue fever risk predicted
e Death claims drummer Scott Asheton, influential punk rock pioneer and former  ...
t Windows XP Suffers its First Post-Retirement Security Flaw
b U.K. House Price Inflation Highest Since Mid-2010
e Competing Bowe Bergdahl films coming from Kathryn Bigelow and Todd Field
e pride parades around the world
e Miley Cyrus escapes injury as her tour bus bursts into flames
e Last Minute Mother's Day Gifts She'll Love
b Southwest Airlines faces $12-million FAA fine over jet maintenance
e Gregg Allman sues to stop his own biopic after 'Midnight Rider' crew member dies
e VIDEO: TV food star's new show delayed after online tiff
e 'November Man': Brosnan in his thriller element
m 'A glass of milk a day' may delay knee osteoarthritis in women
t blinkbox Selects Barracuda Web Application Firewall and Microsoft Azure for  ...
t Is Nokia set to rebrand as Microsoft Mobile?
t Creationists are mad at Cosmos for not humoring their theories
b Tablets and phones are sucking Intel dry
t Planet just 500 light-years away is most Earthlike yet discovered
m Chattanooga ranked one of worst cities for spring allergies
e Weird Al Turns Lorde's 'Royals' Into A Song About Foil And Somehow Also The  ...
t Scientists report seeing Big Bang's first ripples
b ECB oversight to cost banks
b Supreme Court largely upholds EPA's greenhouse gas powers
b Interest in Income Inequality: US Case Study
e Wu-Tang Clan Denies Ties With Penis-Severing Rapper
e First 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' trailer hints at more Bay-hem to come
t Jury leaves damages Samsung must pay Apple unchanged at $119.6 mln
b Rupert Murdoch names elder son Lachlan non-executive co-chairman of News  ...
b Home prices across the U.S. rise in March, but at slower rate
b Target CEO's downfall sets bar for future data breaches
b Switzerland launches investigation into top global banks for currency manipulation
b Missing Malaysia Flight Data Released — but Expert Says It's Just 'Noise'
t Comcast 'Embarrassed' Over Employee's Treatment of Customer Trying to  ...
t A Blank Profile Is Probably as Good as Whatever You Wrote on OkCupid
e 2014 MTV Movie Awards will pay tribute to Paul Walker
b Colorado sees 'pot' of gold in marijuana sales
m Durbin Report Finds E-Cigarette Marketing Reaches Substantial Youth Audiences
b Dow tops 17000 to close at all-time record high after strong jobs report
e Phil Collins Vs. Steve Perry - Clash of the Titans
b S&P 500 Hits Record on Mergers, Small-Cap Rebound
b ECB should cut main rate to zero to counter low inflation: OECD
t Will Tesla (TSLA) Stock Get A Boost From Soho China Battery Charging Deal?
e New video of Justin Bieber joking about killing black people and joining Ku Klux  ...
b Chinese tycoon to treat homeless New Yorkers to fancy lunch
t Researchers create inexpensive solar cells by replacing lead with tin
b ET view: Inflation battle not yet won
t Big Bang gravitational waves discovered, scientists say
t Godzilla Earth Found — and You Don't Want to Live There
b Outside of your house, there's almost no inflation
t Nintendo reveals lower sales than expected
b Add an item to your Amazon shopping cart from Twitter #amazonbasket
e New DAWN OF THE PLANET OF THE APES Viral Vids
b Novartis to buy GSK's cancer drugs for $16 billion
t Netflix tells ISPs profit sharing works both ways as net neutrality row continues
e Kurt Cobain's daughter slams Lana Del Rey: 'Death isn't something to romanticize'
e Ed Sheeran and Justin Bieber perform at Scooter Braun's wedding - Pics and vids
m Remote-controlled contraceptive chip unveiled
b Current Account: Why is Barclays in Trouble Again with US Regulators?
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S Comes With a Built-In Fingerprint Sensor
t The (not so) great detente between Apple and Google
e Neil Patrick Harris Shows Off His Trouser Snake For Annie Leibovitz: PHOTOS
m Numbing medications can harm teething babies, FDA warns
e Ming Dynasty 'chicken cup' sold for record $36M - KTVN Channel 2 - Reno  ...
b Amazon buys popular comic book app platform Comixology (update)
m FAQ: MERS in Indiana
t Samsung Reports Graphene Advance: Next Big Thing for Devices
t LG G3 Smartphone: Who's On First?
b Sbarro closure leaves hole in Mall St. Matthews food court
b AT&T Inc. To Compete With Netflix, Inc.?
b Ukraine: Malaysian plane shot down with 295 people on board
e Kidman and Urban smooch on red carpet
b Feds move in on Nevada rancher's herd over illegal grazing
e Armenian Church marks Holy Thursday
e Angelina Jolie's Maleficent Transformation
e 'Happy' in Iran
t Gartner Scales Back Windows Forecast
t Infant seats recalled
t US safety agency investigates older Ram pickups
b Samsung's second quarter profit drops as smartphone growth slows
e First Trailer For Dwayne Johnson's 'Hercules'
t New version of the best Android phone in the world leaks
t An Apple Maps Satellite Image Shows Either the Loch Ness Monster or a Smudge
b Fed mulls policy exit, eyes end of asset purchases
t Sony to halt PSP shipments in Japan later this month
e Brandy and Fiancé Ryan Press End Engagement (VIDEO)
e Kim Kardashian Shares Flashback Photo of Anna Wintour, North West From  ...
e Elisabeth Hasselbeck slams prospect of Rosie O'Donnell returning to The View  ...
t Survival Of The Digital Fittest
e Boseman dazzles as Brown
b Speakers tell Senate committee they oppose increase in number of oil trains  ...
m Ministers of Health Agree on Priority Actions to End Ebola Virus Disease  ...
b 'Replace IBM servers now,' Chinese government tells banks
b Tech leads Wall St lower as Ukraine casts a shadow
t FCC cracks down on Internet, phone subsidy fraud
e 'Noah' rains down on 'Divergent' to win box office
b How to Bet on A Dish and DirecTV Merger
t New HTC One (m8) launch event: live blog, video stream
e Jason Momoa to Play Aquaman in 'Batman vs. Superman' and Beyond
e Legendary blues guitarist Johnny Winter dead at 70
t Microsoft's Spencer talks up PS4, talks down fanboys
b China, Russia Announce Historic Thirty-Year Gas Supply Deal
m 3500 Calorie Combo at Red Robin Is the 'Single Unhealthiest' Chain Restaurant  ...
b Financial Times: Malaysia considers airline rebranding
b Washington Redskins have trademark revoked, US Patent and Trademark office  ...
t Google Glass is now in stock
e Peaches Geldof memorabilia posted to eBay just MINUTES after she suddenly  ...
t Yahoo - and its CEO - laying hopes with Alibaba
e Met Opera asks mediator to resolve labor issue
e L'Wren Scott's fashion business had big debts
e Mick Jagger's daughter, Georgia May, cancels fashion show to support dad
e Captain America tops North America film chart for third week
e Photos: Lupita, Beyonce, Kim & Kanye, Benedict And More On Met Gala's Red  ...
e The First 'Horrible Bosses 2' Trailer Is Here, and It's Dirty
t T-Mobile soars on French takeover rumor
b How Do You Pronounce Economist Thomas Piketty's Name, Anyway?
t DIRECTV (NASDAQ:DTV): Investigations In Full Swing
b Kroger, Vitacost.com to merge in $280 million deal
t Facebook plans to share Nearby Friends location data with advertisers
e Food and Music will Join Forces at Coachella
e Olympic Ice Dancer Meryl Davis Owns the Night on Week 4 of 'DWTS'
b Big automakers' sales thaw; GM tally delayed
e Noah – Review
t Google set to launch Android for smartwatches
b MT. Gox Botcoin Exchange Files For Bankruptcy In The US
b American Apparel announces deal with Standard General for up to $25M in  ...
t Climate change bias and the ethics of science
m CDC releases new report on foodborne illnesses
t News Flash: Google celebrates 10th anniversary of Gmail
e Solange Knowles Steps Out For CFDA Fashion Awards
b Student Debt and Federal Loan Policy Take Center Stage at Senate Hearing
t Fun iOS 7 messaging app ditches emoji, replaces them with your face
b Fed Officials Nudge Up Projections for Short-Term Interest Rates in 2015, 2016
t Google-owned Nest launches Learning Thermostat in the UK
b Stocks Experiencing Choppy Trading Following Recent Gains - US Commentary
m Tanning beds blamed for rise in cases deadly melanoma skin cancer
e 'Star Wars 7' Casting News, SPOILERS & Rumors: J.J. Abrams Adds Actress  ...
m Young Man With Down Syndrome Has the Best Reaction to College Acceptance  ...
e Seth MacFarlane hits some bum notes with A Million Ways to Die in the West
b Australia-Japan agreement: Tariffs come down with historic deal
e Kanye West and Kim Kardashian's wedding invite leaked
e Thousands give Reading Rainbow another chance
e Mad Men Sympathy Rankings: Season Seven Premiere
t Technical Glitch causes Delay in Launch of SpaceX Dragon Cargo Ship
e Andi Dorfman Admits She “Wasn't Sure” About Josh Until Morning of the  ...
e MTV VMA nominations announced
e Pharrell Williams Talks Oscar Snub, Endorses Hillary Clinton for President
t Android L Releasing This Fall: Top 5 Smartphones the OS Will Support
e Fascinating fact:
t Apple And Beats -- I Like The Sound Of That
b Quantum to use wrist bands instead of key cards
e Whitney Houston biopic coming
t Apple agrees to pay $400 million in e-book conspiracy case
e Rick Ross nails fifth No. 1 album with 'Mastermind'
t Assassin's Creed 5 Sneak Peek: First Gameplay Shots Teased!
b AbbVie Raises Bid For Shire
m Nasty mosquito-borne illness hits USA
m Health Department Administers 2011 Vaccines for Hepatitis A
b China's tech boom triggers gold rush
t Doodle 4 Google finalist is an elementary school student in Silver Spring
e Jamie Foxx Is in Talks to Play Mike Tyson, Says Mike Tyson
t Why Did Microsoft Make China's Cortana Cuter Than Everyone Else's?
b Cyprus Airways bid
b Yahoo to report earnings, though investors may focus on Alibaba
b Obama says his new carbon regulation is about 'health of our kids'
m Bask in sun for longer life
t Is That Cheerio's Coupon Worth Your Legal Rights?
t Stocks edge up despite GDP news
b Fires in Vietnam could ultimately burn in Beijing
e 'Fast & Furious 7' to use body double and CGI to finish Paul Walker scenes
b US to unleash IRS on Russian banks
t White dwarf star located 900 light years from Earth
t Facebook Offers Users Privacy 'Checkup'
t Windows XP EOS: How to transfer your data…
e Farmington Hills mayor declares today 'Jena Irene Day' for 'Idol' star
t More than a half-million servers exposed to Heartbleed flaw
b Pilots, passengers of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 under scrutiny
e MESFIN FEKADU AP Music Writer Published: April 12, 2014 6:35AM
e “Weird Al” Yankovic smartly skewers, embraces pop culture
b Taco Bell ads dinging McDonald's raise interesting question
m VIDEO: 2-year-old amputee learns to walk
t Healthcare.gov flagged in Heartbleed review: Change your password
t The big problem with Apple's reported $3.2 billion Beats Audio acquisition
t Parrot launches smartphone controlled 'Bebop Drone'
e Dina Lohan, mother of Lindsay Lohan, pleads guilty to DWI
e Jane Fonda Shows Off Her 'Bionic' Assets In All-Star Trailer For 'This Is Where I  ...
e Bieber to plead guilty to reckless driving
t 145 Million eBay User Records Accessed, Time to Change Passwords
e Lee Daniels Cancels Tribeca Film Festival Appearance
e Lea Michele's boyfriend is a 'dating coach'
e Happy 450th birthday to Shakespeare, the indispensable
t Meteor Shower Early Saturday Morning Could Be a Memorable One
b China, Asian factory growth gathers pace, Europe falters
t Surface Pro 3 The Workspace Just Got Bigger
m Moldy recalled Chobani yogurt could be harmful to consumers
b Syria's chemical weapons arsenal arrives to Italian port for further disposal
t NASA Flying Saucer Test Went 'Beautifully' Minus Small Parachute Snafu
t Galaxy Note 4 specifications line up in test phone images
t White dwarf star that looks like diamond identified
b AP Source: Justice Department investigating GM's response to deadly ignition  ...
b Nothing found in airplane search
e Rolling Stones supporting Mick Jagger
b American Airlines president sees strong growth, earnings, network future
b Missing plane likely not seriously damaged when lost over the ocean
e Ariana Grande's New Album Features The Weeknd, Big Sean, A$AP Ferg & More
t International Police Forces Arrest 80 Members Of The BlackShades Malware Gang
b SAP Appoints Robert Enslin, Bernd Leukert To Executive Board
e George Clooney and Steve Wynn Got in a Big Drunk Fight in Las Vegas
m Chattanooga-based Chattem may bring Cialis to US stores
b Wall Street continues to rise amid earnings, data
b US$ mixed ahead of Draghi speech
t Some iPhone users can get a new battery
e The World Is Getting It Wrong! George Zimmerman Was The Guest Of Honor  ...
e Country Music Awards: Cowboys, midriffs, Shakira... and Taylor Swift
m E-cigarette ban for minors proposed in US
b Urine luck, Portland! City water is pee-free
b AOL (AOL) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results
t Chevy Cruze sales halted for airbag issue, 33000 units affected
b Volkswagen preparing bid for US Paccar: analyst report
b Gold Stuck Below $1300 As Stocks Waver
e Jamie Foxx Terrorizes as Electro In 'Spider-Man'
b Australia: MH370 didn't crash near where pings were heard
b P.F. Chang's patrons urged to check credit report
m WHOA BABY! 14-Pound Baby Born To Massachusetts Parents (PHOTO)
e Miley Cyrus - Miley Cyrus 'miserable' after pet pooch Floyd's death
t NVIDIA Watch Dogs drivers released with big graphics boosts
e Bob Geldof 'beyond pain' at...
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Preorders For T-Mobile Start March 24 For $660
m Genetic study suggests causal link between vitamin D deficiency and hypertension
t Zuckerberg said Facebook is still innovating
e Kanye West (L) and Jay-Z. (AFP file photo)
m India declared polio-free, but global risks persist
b Coca-Cola, PepsiCo to drop controversial ingredient
e New Second Dwayne Johnson's HERCULES Trailer
b Sun Pharma to acquire Ranbaxy in $3.2 billion deal
t Ambition Is Key to 2015 Global Climate Accord, but the Lift Is Heavy
b Arts and crafts chain Michaels raises $472M in IPO
m Beaches Relay for Life Expanding Team Roster
b Home Prices Rise at Slowest Pace in 15 Months
t Samsung S5 Is Their Best Phone to Date: Smith
e Dog gone! Miley Cyrus gives away her new puppy
e Lindsay Lohan - Lindsay Lohan Thrilled To Get Back To Work With West End Role
b Why Portland Reservoir Was Flushed After Teen Peed in It
b Target's Woes Run Deeper Than A Data Breach And Canada
t eBay Asks Users To Change Passwords After Breach
m Scientists grow functioning vaginas from girls' own cells
e LeVar Burton Kickstarting Reading Rainbow
e Who Do You Want to Win The Bachelor 2014 Tonight?
m WHO: Medical worker infections and shortages hamper Ebola response
e Bob Saget On 'Full House' Reboot: Not Everyone Is On Board
e J Lo and Keith Urban set to judge 'American Idol' again
t Amazon Acquires Twitch For A Sum Believed To Be Around $1Billion
e “Bad Words” full of sick and twisted laughs
b PRECIOUS-Platinum firms on strike action, gold holds near $1290/oz
e Larry Wilmore to take over Stephen Colbert's time slot with 'The Minority Report  ...
b Firing of Times Editor Fuels Equal-Pay Debate
t Oklahoma TV station censors evolution talk on Cosmos reboot
t National Climate Assessment: Who conducted the study, and how
t NASA's Mars rover arrives at next science destination
b Royal Dutch Shell Plc Receives “Hold” Rating from Societe Generale (RDSB)
e Game Of Thrones Causes HBO GO To Crash
e So What's Going On With 'The Late Late Show'? «
b Toyota restructures US marketing arm
e Miley Cyrus' loses her MIND in trippy new music video with The Flaming Lips  ...
e Michael Jackson's Estate Is Making More Money Now Than Jackson Did Since  ...
e Miley Cyrus claims to be 'poster child' for good health
e Oh Dear, Laura Prepon May Be Tom Cruise's New Scientology Girlfriend
e 'Big Bang Theory' production delayed over contract impasse
e David Brenner, frequent 'Tonight Show' guest, dies
e Driver blamed for crash that killed actor Paul Walker
e 'Harry Potter' Diagon Alley attraction opening date at Universal Studios announced
t Jury Keeps Damage Amount in Apple-Samsung Trial
e At Heart of Split: Gwyneth's Mid-Life Crisis?
t LG beats Samsung to highest resolution smartphone screen with leaked G3
t Heartbleed breaks SSL encryption, exposes passwords and credit card numbers
e 'Divergent' set to dominate
t The Problem with Carousel
b A Check-Up On Obamacare In California
t Rare Arctic snowy owl and super cute chicks star in live HD camera show
m E-cigarette: US to ban sales to minors
e EFF Wishes All South Africans a Blessed Easter Weekend
e As I Lay Dying frontman sentenced to six years for plotting to kill wife
m Baby-Gate injuries rise in US
t SpaceX wins FAA approval for Texas spaceport
t iPhone 6 Rumors: Production to Start in May?
e Jenny McCarthy Hints She's Leaving 'The View' Too on Twitter
t Ralph Lauren Shirts Sending Info From US Open To Smartphone Apps
e RECAP: Game of Thrones Watch: Wedding Season in Westeros
e 'Game of Thrones' Season Finale Draws 7.1 Million Viewers, Up 32% From Last  ...
b Pinterest gears up promoted pins in quest for ad revenue
e Robert De Niro stopped filming for World cup
t US stocks slip below records; FMC falls
e Eva Mendes 'Seven Months Pregnant' with Ryan Gosling's Child, Marriage  ...
t Rumor: The Amazon phone to be AT&T exclusive
m Mumps Outbreak At Ohio State University Reaches 28 Cases, With More  ...
t Heartbleed Hangover: Only 39% of US Adults Have Changed Their Passwords
b Gold steadies in Asia
e Andi Dorfman Dishes on Bachelorette Fantasy Suite Dates, Her Final Three Men
e Mila Kunis: Stop Saying 'We're Pregnant'
e Star Wars Documentary 'The People vs. George Lucas Episode II' Now In  ...
e Miley Cyrus is 'in constant gratitude of life'
b UnitedHealth Group Trading Up 3.7% After Better-Than-Expected Earnings (UNH)
e Jason Segel, Cameron Diaz spice up their love-life in 'Sex Tape' Red Band trailer
t Wednesday Update: ULA + US National Reconnaissance Office... Ready To  ...
e Celebrating Throwbacks: National Record Store Day
b Missing Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370: Officials reject US claims jet 'could have  ...
e Kim Kardashian reveals daughter North's racism ordeal
t OnePlus One is an Impressive Android Smartphone for $300
t Facebook keen on e-governance services
b UK retail sales growing despite monthly dip
t Region well-placed as £10m driverless cars boost unveiled
m Getting Hitched May Mean A Healthier Heart
t Gas prices forecast to fall through the summer
b Target's Biggest Problem May Be Target's Board
t Google share price: Nest Labs acquires Dropcam
b US: Asian plane crash due to pilot mismanagement
e 'Bachelor' Juan Pablo Tells Nikki Ferrell 'I Love You' in YouTube Song
t 'GODZILLA WORLD' of the DRAGON CONSTELLATION - scientists
t Mac, iOS devices remotely locked through Find My iPhone – How to protect  ...
e Beyonce and Jay Z to tour together
e Miley Cyrus told me to 'get it together' at Oscars party
t Samsung Galaxy Note Pro 12.2
b Capital One profit boosted by lower loss provision
t Facebook Privacy Setting Will No Longer Default to 'Public'
m Peace Corps withdraws staff over Ebola
b Sulzberger Blast Critics of Abramson Firing
e Report: Justin Bieber Will Cop a Plea in Miami DUI Case
b Mizkan to Buy Unilever's Pasta Sauces for $2.15 Billion
e Zara's 'Holocaust uniform' and other clothing errors
b Aust shares close lower
t Robot fish and the dawn of "soft robots"
e 'Sadness' of Paltrow-Martin split
e Jenna Dewan-Tatum Naked in 'Allure': How to Keep a Nude Photo Shoot Classy  ...
m Stem Cells Naturally Replace Themselves In Fruit Fly Testes; Finding Could  ...
b King Digital IPO flops, closes down 15.56% at $19
b Valley Drought 2014: Congressional Hearing In Fresno
e Big Bang Theory pay dispute
b Is Barclays PLC Totally Toxic?
b Chinese shares led Asia markets down on Monday
e Happy Easter: Celebrating the Resurrection by reaching out to others
e Transformers: Age of Extinction rules box office
t Google's Project Tango Team Developing 3D Vision Tablet
b 'The Hong Kong we are living in today is not the Hong Kong we knew'
t Lenovo Recalls ThinkPad Batteries Due To Fire Hazards
e Investigators: Speed — not drugs, racing or mechanical failure — killed Paul  ...
b Netflix is raising prices
e Avicii Hospitalised 'In Serious Pain' With Gall Bladder Problems
e Sunrise services are planned for Easter Sunday
b Opinion: Globalization responsible for factory tragedy
e Did Kendall Jenner & Justin Bieber Film a Calvin Klein Ad - Find Out the Latest  ...
b Beijing 'will do everything' to maintain Hong Kong's economic might, Li vows
e These Are Tupac's Last Words
m Risk profile can help predict future teen binge drinkers
b Vietnamese fishermen accuse China of sinking their boat
e HBO renews 'Game of Thrones' for two seasons
b Loonie slips lower as March retail sales miss mark
t Controversial Clues Of 'Goldilocks Planets' That Might Support Life Are Proven  ...
t WhatsApp founder says privacy concerns after Facebook...
m Paraplegic In Robotic Exoskeleton Performs World Cup First Kick
t The Game Boy Turns 25 Today
t UPDATE 3-GM dealers stop selling some Cruze sedans with Takata air bags
e Jersey Boys trailer
e The Walking Dead season 4 finale enjoys record ratings
m Survey: San Diego #6 Skinniest City
e Colin Firth leaves 'Paddington,' picks 'conscious uncoupling' while recording lines
e Transformers / Neon Genesis Evangelion Crossover Website Live
t Ham radio demo this weekend
b IN THE RED
e Terry Notary talks about his role in 'Planet of the Apes'
t Home » Opinions » LG G3 vs G2 – What is different?
t NASA's launch of CO2-monitoring satellite carried by Delta II rocket scrubbed at  ...
e Jennifer Lawrence: People Are Going to Get Sick of Me
t Nest Smart Devices Can Now Speak to Your Car and Fitness Tracker
t Toyota reveals production-ready hydrogen car for 2015
e 'I can get married in a KFC'
t Google Glass Latest Update Includes KitKat, Removes Voice Calls
e This Is Why You're Fat
e Avicii Hospitalized For Blocked Gallbladder, Cancels Ultra Festival Appearance
e 2014 Kids' Choice Awards: Ariana Grande, 'Sam & Cat,' Selena Gomez among  ...
m Adults Can Undo Heart Disease Risk, Study Finds
e True Tori RECAP 4/22/2014: Season 1 Premiere “The Fairytale Falls Apart”
b Business Live: M&S profits fall
b China's exports up 0.9 pct in April
t YouTube to buy Twitch for $1 billion claims report
t Avast admits 400000 accounts hit by forum hack
m Panda fakes pregnancy for more buns, better quality of life
b Oregon's jobless rate falls to 6.9 percent
t Google chats back on
e Miranda Lambert On Exuberant 'Platinum'
m Voodoo doll study: Snack might help avoid fight with spouse
e Selena Gomez tries to avoid being spotted with Justin Bieber as they arrive at  ...
t Google: We're Building a Self-Driving Car
e Weird Al Gets 'Tacky'!
e UPDATE 2-Anchor Diane Sawyer to step down from 'ABC World News' show
b AT&T aims for TV's future with $48.5B DirecTV deal
e You Won't Be Getting Your Hands On Powdered Alcohol Anytime Soon
e Hacker 'leaks naked Lovato photos'
e 'Scandal' Season Finale Recap: 7 'OMG' Cliffhangers We're Still Gasping Over
m Meet on AIDS in Melbourne from Sunday
b French manufacturing PMI 48.2 vs. 47.8 forecast
b US case against Credit Suisse a warning to foreign banks
m Ebola virus in Africa called the worst ever
e Insane Clown Posse Lost Its Lawsuit Against The FBI
e Filming Begins on New 'Star Wars' Movie
t Google Glass rival from Lenovo improves voice commands
t Google's new Chrome experiment lets you remix the Rubik's Cube
e BAFTA TV 2014: A jolly big red carpet gallery
e JK Rowling's Harry Potter Spin-off to Be a Movie Trilogy
t Watch Dogs Torrent is Secretly Mining Bitcoins Using Your PC
e Ryan Gosling to produce Busby Berkeley biopic and possibly play lead role
e Robert DeNiro's Love Letter to His Gay Dad
b Argentina vows to service debt despite new legal blow
b Health care is no game, but will your family win or lose under Obamacare?
m Experts make the case for more services during Mental Health Awareness Month
b Census Bureau: Jackson, Trempealeau among state's fastest growing counties  ...
e 'How I Met Your Mother' was about the journey, not the end game
e Lindsay Lohan Admits Her Sex List Is Real
b Alibaba to kick off IPO in US
b S&P upgrade boosts UK as recovery broadens
b Anarchists Pitch Google on a World-Changing Idea: Give Us Your Money
t Samsung fails to stop early release of new Galaxy S5 smartphone in South Korea
e Forbes' Celebrity 100: Beyonce on top, Bon Jovi, Bruce Springsteen in top 25
t Galaxy Tab 4 USA release tapped in three sizes
m So long, stirrups? Doctors group nixes routine pelvic exams
t Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 US release date set for May 1
t 03/07/2014Cousteau grandson resurfaces after 31 days under water
e Lena Dunham bares it all for 'SNL'
t Nest Protect smoke alarm back on sale, but ditches key feature
e Kim Kardashian: Scared of Rain on Her Wedding Day?
t Apple Adds 16GB Color Model To iPod Touch Lineup
e Take Notes, Ladies! These Hunks From The Bachelor Are Still Searching For Love
b Death toll in Guinea Ebola outbreak reaches 63
e 'Weird Al' Yankovic Skewers Bad Grammar In 'Blurred Lines' Spoof: VIDEO
e 'The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1' Our Leader The Mockingjay Teaser
t New Satellite By NASA Ready To Track Carbon
b New 12-sided pound coin is to replace the old on
t Neil deGrasse Tyson: If You Don't Believe in Science, 'Just Move Back to the Cave'
b Alibaba files for US IPO
m NYC teen pleads guilty in crash that killed 4 pals
b Russia starts closing McDonald's restaurants
b Russia must pay over $ 50 billion in Yukos case: court
e Cross-dressing Seth Rogen and Zac Efron Are 'Ew!'
e Here's what went down at the Academy of Country Music Awards (with pics)!
t Microsoft Brewing Biggest Layoffs Ever
e Buzz: AC/DC Ending Because of Malcolm Young's Health?
m Celebrate. Remember. Fight back.
e WATCH: 'Magic in the Moonlight' Trailer [VIDEO]: Woody Allen directs Emma  ...
t Twitter crashes again, software glitch blamed
b Push on in Kansas for final days of Obamacare enrollment
e Lucy hell-bent on getting in your face
m Saudi Arabia admits to having 113 more MERS cases than earlier thought
b New Ford CEO gets $5 million pay package
m Protect yourself from West Nile
t In Europe, Taming Google is Payback for NSA Allegations
b What next for Argentina?
b Amazon Prime Air expands: Bezos tells of drone generations 5-8
e Saturday is National Record Store Day
t U.S. mayors unanimously pass climate change resolution
b Max Brenner, Others Zero In on Vacant Crumbs Shops
e XBL Store Today: The Amazing Spider-Man 2 on Xbox 360 AND Xbox One
e Will Eurovision Song Contest be smitten with Molly?
m Oral Lidocaine For Teething Pain Could Cause Potentially-Fatal Condition: FDA
e Trevorrow Tweets an Attenborough Tribute of 'Jurassic World' Statue
e Comic Tracy Morgan on the mend, publicist says
m Brain Scan Shows Which Vegetative Patients Have Hope
e Nick Viall Was Totally Out Of Line To Reveal Sex Life With Andi Dorfman
e Jamie Foxx's daughter wears Electro makeup to the 'Amazing Spider-Man 2  ...
b Copper falls to 2-week low ahead of Yellen testimony
t Blood Moon arrives late Monday, could spell early end to mission
b 'Stuttering' eurozone growth keeps pressure on ECB to act
e VERSACE BRINGS J-LO TO PARIS
e Amal Alamuddin's mother against marriage with George Clooney
m New Technology May Reduce Risk of Death from Type-1 Diabetes
e Beyoncé, Blue Ivy show out at VMAs
m Bullying Has Long Term Negative Consequences
t Do These Photos Reveal Nokia's Next Metal Flagship?
t Install Android v4.4.2 KitKat Assassin ROM Custom Firmware to Samsung  ...
e Chris Brown's bodyguard found guilty
b Riders relieved Philadelphia rail strike is over - WBAY
t Climate Report Predicts Dire Threats for People, Including Food, Water Shortages
t Slump in Advertising Sales Drags Revenue Down at Yahoo
b General Electric Logs Mixed 1Q Results
m Paying the most, not getting the best
e Batman: Arkham Knight Won't Be Out Until 2015
b Euro Falls Against US Dollar, Yen
e Sir Paul McCartney Flies Out To Japan
e Miley Cyrus -- Gets Protection from Crazed Fan Who Allegedly Threatened to  ...
t Google Restores Some Links Pulled on Privacy Law Ruling
b No cause for alarm
t Nerdvana -- Cosmos relaunches with Neil deGrasse Tyson
t Hoping to spur sales, Apple introduces less expensive 8GB iPhone 5c
e JLo, a fan of Versace
t GoPro Fetch: See the world from a dog's point of view
b New home sales fall in February
e Film review: 'Noah'
e Selena Gomez Hates Being Dragged into Justin's Legal Woes
e VIDEO: Justin Bieber rolls his eyes and refuses to answer questions on law suit
b AbbVie presses case for Shire deal and urges talks
b 9 food stocks bigger than the Big Mac
e 'Neighbors' knocks 'Spider-Man' from US box office perch
e 'Life Itself' Crafts Heartfelt, Candid Portrait Of Roger Ebert
t Apple-IBM Deal: Trouble For Google, Microsoft
e 'Shield' actor Jace projected image of doting family man before wife's killing
t Report: Apple to buy Beats by Dre
b Earnings drop at JPMorgan drags bank stock lower
e BREAKING: Juan Pablo Galavis Doesn't Propose to Nikki Ferrell — Are You  ...
t Amazon smartphone release date tipped for 2H14, hologram-style 3D display
e Super-rare Superman comic book sells for $3.2M
e Police rule out Mick Jagger's girlfriend L'Wren Scott's death as suicide
b Twitter (TWTR) Target Cut at Baird as User Growth Overshadows Solid Qtr
e Beyoncé lands cover of Time's influential people issue
t Red Hat To Bring Docker Support To Enterprise Linux And OpenShift
m WHO Expresses Concern over Polio Becoming Rampant
b With euro zone inflation disappearing, ECB poised to act
e Iranian Pharrell Williams fans arrested for 'obnoxious' Happy video
e Will Ferrell and Chad Smith Have a Drum-Off!
t GM withheld key data, official to tell Congress
e No, Mickey Rooney was not Irish despite his name
e Fortune builds five years after death
e Watch: First Full Trailer For David Fincher's 'Gone Girl' Starring Ben Affleck  ...
e Lindsay Lohan lists her '36 celebrity lovers'
e Eli Wallach, prolific character actor, dies at 98: report
t Dating Site OKCupid Urges Its Users to Boycott Firefox Browser
e 'Transcendence' an AI Film That Does Not Transcend
t First Impressions Matter for Brand Loyalty
m ​Google Flu Trends: Grossly misleading or misunderstood science?
e Channing Tatum, Jonah Hill chosen as grand marshals for NASCAR race at  ...
b Herbalife falls 13% on report of criminal probe
t Samsung Charmer in the Pipeline: Galaxy Tab S Slate Gets Ready for Roll Out
m Nearly 2 Million Pounds of Tainted Ground Beef Recalled
e Justin Bieber Poses Like James Dean, Claims He Doesn't Smoke Cigarettes  ...
e Pierce Brosnan's Mom is Unspeakably Adorable
e An Inside Look at Viacom's Cross-Platform Coverage of the Hangout Music  ...
b UK's Cable: Pfizer bid a matter for shareholders
e Sung Her Way To The Top: Lana Del Rey's “Ultraviolence” Will Be The Number  ...
e Baseball: 'Field of Dreams' celebration
t Facebook to use drones, lasers, satellites to bring Internet everywhere
m Computers Can Now Recognize 21 Different Facial Expressions; Helps Track  ...
t Video: HTC shows off all the best new Sense 6 features on the HTC One (M8)
t Will Apple delay iPhone 6 launch or limit production?
e Sarah Palin on 'The View'? 'Rumor and speculation,' says ABC
m Allergic to your iPad? You're not alone
b Twitter's $250 Million in Q1 Revenue Doesn't Stop User Growth Concerns
t The LG G3 boasts an impressive screen
m 7 Deaths Linked to Ebola in Liberia
t Instagram Lets You Make Filters More Subtle, Adds New Editing Options
e Is Kunis expecting first child with fiance Kutcher?
b SAC Capital to be sentenced in $1.8B fraud deal
b Coca-Cola, Intel, Yahoo are Tuesday's stocks to watch
t First Impression: Samsung Galaxy S5
t Nokia to name India-born Rajeev Suri as next CEO, says report
b Areva to sign uranium deal with Niger on Monday: sources
b Russia shutters another McDonald's
m Federal Marijuana Policy
e Phil Robertson of Duck Dynasty wins applause for homophobic Easter sermon
m Married people at lesser risk of heart disease
b The 'Icahn effect' hits Silicon Valley
t What Facebook's “Leaked” Mood Manipulation Study Means For Marketers
t NASA Mars mission in 2020 to try to turn Martian air into key rocket fuel  ...
e Megan Fox reveals her female crush in sexy photo shoot for Cosmopolitan
t Heartbleed Bug Blamed for Canadian Tax Agency Attack, More Expected
e Pryor: Arkansas shaped Maya Angelou
t iPhone 6 Rumors: New Concept Images Reveal Look for iPhone 6c and iPhone 6s
b White House awaits top aides' back-to-back memoirs
t NASA readies Mars 'flying saucer' for risky hypersonic flight test
t Stay up late for tonight's lunar eclipse
e Lindsay Lohan sues Grand Theft Auto creators
e Ciara & Future's Son Is Named Future
m West Africa gets help for "unprecedented" Ebola outbreak
b Tesco full-year results prompt calls for action
m NYC Currency Contains Pathogens Found In Mouth, Vagina
b Flipkart buys Myntra, to invest $100 mn in fashion business
b Wednesday Morning Business Brief
b Oracle blames US dollar exchange rates yet again as Q3 revenues disappoint
b Antitrust experts: 2 big deals better than 1
m Mosquito-transmitted disease diagnosed in Williamson Co.
e Watch: Photo and video of actor Leonardo DiCaprio at Coachella music festival  ...
t Are Gesture-Based Unlocking Tools Coming To Apple's iOS?
e We've Seen the Trailer for Michael Bay's Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
e ELLE reviews The Muppets Most Wanted
e AC/DC to call it quits over sick band member: report 0
e Album of unreleased Michael Jackson tracks
e True Blood Live Stream: Series Finale Sunday; Watch HBO Go; Does Bill Die?
t Pandora raises fee for ad-free service
b Is the European equity party over or is there more to go for?
t After 12 years, Microsoft ending Windows XP support today
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Release Date: New Device May Take Galaxy S5 Design
e The Best and Worst TV Shows Based on Movies
e How Melissa McCarthyâ€™s Jet Ski Accident Cost 'Tammy' $9000
b Emirates cancels order for 70 Airbus planes...
b Continuing cycle of anaemic data and weak hopes
t Great Scott! Google Street View enables time travel -- flux capacitor not needed
b Dollar rises against majors in New York
b Baltimore Gas and Electric parent company to acquire Pepco Holdings in $6.8  ...
e Tiger Woods' Girlfriend, Ex-wife Are Best Pals
e Correction: Britain-Obit-Richard Attenborough story | The Republic
t Nashville's per-gallon gas price average decreases 3 cents
t SPACE AGED: Are Google heading into space? [PH]
t T-Mobile tries to change their tune with new Uncarrier 5.0
t Xbox One finally gets Twitch live broadcasting app alongside Titanfall
b GOOG: What Google Stock Investors Need to Know About Earnings
e The Bachelor 2014 Live Recap: Finale - Who Did Juan Pablo Choose?
t Google Glass Will Feature Ray-Ban and Oakley Frames
e Amazon yanks 24 from Netflix for Prime Instant Video
m Low-Dose Aspirin During Pregnancy May Prevent Preeclampsia
t Researcher say climate change will affect ag
t Facebook: 'Oculus Rift will not be redesigned'
b S&P 500 closes at record high on housing sales, HP shares
b Euronews: Pro-Russian rebels in Donetsk fear government troops to launch  ...
b Etihad rescues Alitalia with a deal to acquire 49% stake
e Sheldon Cooper Leaving 'Big Bang Theory' Confirmed as Hoax
e Paul Mazursky, director of An Unmarried Woman, dead at 84
b Morgan Stanley cuts rating on soybean futures
e NBC Special "Miley Cyrus: Bangerz Tour" Ranks #2 in Its Time Period Among  ...
e 'Neighbors' Star Zac Efron Visits Jimmy Fallon On 'The Tonight Show'
t Google Glass Can See Recognise Your Pin From 10m Away
b US Jobless Claims Fall Slightly This Week
b Natural gas boom benefiting the local economy
b SAP exec Sikka steps down in management shakeup
t Call Your Grandparents: Every Version of Internet Explorer Subject to New  ...
b Texas Says, 'Howdy' to Toyota
t Weekly Webcomic Wrapup is predicting the future of virtual reality
b Crude oil trading outlook: WTI and Brent futures steady ahead of inventories data
b Eurozone inflation slows, in new signal for ECB easing
e James Maslow Dancing With the Stars Foxtrot Video 3/17/14 #DWTS
b Landslide hits Indian village, 150 may be trapped
m Drinking during pregnancy linked to small and premature babies
b Fed intends to keep interest rates low long after tapering ends
e 'Dancing With The Stars' Season 18 Spoilers: New Couples Revealed In  ...
t Apple loses lawsuit against Chinese regulator over patent rights
t Tesco announce own-brand phone and Hudl 2 are coming this year
t Comcast rep unrelenting with customer trying to cancel service
t U.S. regulators should just ban premium SMS products outright
m Michael Schumacher stolen medical documents offered for sale
e Miley Cyrus' Homeless VMA Date Is Aspiring Model Jesse Helt
e Kasabian at Glastonbury 2014 review
e Colbert Appears As Himself On Letterman
t Computer malfunctions in the ISS and NASA astronauts have to undertake a  ...
t Video: This Could be Verizon's First XLTE Commercial (Updated)
e Justin pulls 'unbelieberble' stunt at Yasukuni Shrine
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S Launch Event In India Will Be Webcast Live At 12PM On  ...
e Alicia Keys Announces Pregnancy with Cute Photo
m Number Of Measles Cases Is Up This Year
e 'Godzilla' Director Gareth Edwards Directing ''Star Wars' Spinoff; 'Walking Dead  ...
e Rapper Benzino breaks silence about being shot during mother's funeral  ...
b Most Active Dug Stocks: Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE), AstraZeneca plc (ADR) (NYSE  ...
b The US Postal Service: Junk in, junk out
e 'Orphan Black' Season 3: BBC America Renews For 2015
m 8 cases of Ebola reported in capital of Guinea as fears rise over outbreak of  ...
b WWE's stock smackdown is a blow to Vince McMahon's credibility (WWE)
b Alibaba Upcoming IPO Worries Some, Astounds Most
b US: Stocks open lower on weak Asian data, Ukraine
e 'McHale's Navy' Star Bob Hastings Dead At Age 89
b (click the phrases to see a list)
m Brighton police crackdown on disorderly conduct
b Mark Zuckerberg earned a $1 salary in 2013
e Channing Tatum admits he is a 'high-functioning' alcoholic
t Office for iPad now available to download free on iTunes
b After 125 years, Alcoa looks beyond aluminum
t Solar System's Edge Redefined
m Surgeon General: Tanning Is Behind Sharp Spike in Skin Cancer Rates
e 'Fault in Our Stars' Beats 'The Vow' as Fandango's Top Pre-Selling Romance of  ...
t US accuses Russian hacker Evgeniy Bogachev of $100m fraud
t Apple, Google, Intel, Adobe to pay $325m to settle hiring lawsuit
b Gold price near 6-week low, down nearly 3 per cent in March
b Vermont unemployment rate drops to 3.7 percent
b Tesla Motors Inc EPS Estimate Slashed In Half
b Forex - Euro edges higher against dollar, gains seen limited
b Bill Ackman Just Made Another $161 Million On Burger King This Morning
b Plane nearly collided with drone
b US court backs Shire in patent fight over Vyvanse drug
m First Texas West Nile Case of 2014 Confirmed
t Ford miscalculated fuel economy on 6 models
t The Bronx Zoo Welcomes 2 New Adorable Baby Gorillas
t Bezos' 2014 Amazon investor letter talks AWS, Appstore, 3P growth
b Senator says manufacturing giant Caterpillar uses offshore haven to avoid  ...
e '22 Jump Street' takes plenty of pot shots at itself
e US Airways apologises for pornographic tweet
e Show-business giant dead
e The 2014 Black Entertainment Television Awards
e Kanye West Angry At Annie Leibovitz For Backing Out Of Kimye Wedding Shoot
t Lenovo Windows Phone handset and wearable may arrive this year
b What You Don't Know About How Tim Hortons Makes Money
b Law's future uncertain
e Worldwide box office: Spider-Man hangs on in first place
e Pharrell Williams Cries on Oprah; Find Out Why
b Today's Jobs Report Is Good News for America
b Indonesia HSBC Manufacturing PMI at 52.4 in May Vs. 51.1 April
e Idina Menzel finally comments on John Travolta calling her 'Adele Dazeem'
m Catheter might be safer than surgery for installing heart valve
e George RR Martin Responds To That Controversial Game of Thrones Scene
b U.S. Labor Productivity Falls 1.7% In Q1 As Weather Impacts Output
t Amazon Says It Has No Netflix Killer Coming
e Trailer for Ryan Gosling's Detroit-shot directorial debut is online
e ESPY Awards 2014 – Hosted by Drake (Watch Live Steam Right Now!)
e Kanye West Says He Doesn't Want to Use "Big Over-the-Top Statements" at  ...
b Stocks fall on weak economic reports, Iraq turmoil
e Twitter killed Stephen Colbert's joke
b How the Dow Jones Industrial Average Did Today
e US TV Judge Joe Brown arrested
e Beyonce Fuels Jay-Z Cheating Rumors After Changing Lyrics of 'Resentment  ...
m CDC: Flu spray better than flu shot
t Google Will Stop Labeling Freemium Games as 'Free' Apps
b Toyota unveils redesigned Camry
b Update on the latest in business:
t Sprint's giant Chinese cousin files for massive IPO
b RBI keeps repo rate unchanged at 8% in monetary policy review
e What is Stephen Colbert like out of character?
b 'Hacked docs' prove MtGox has 1 MILLION Bitcoins, claim blog-snatchers
e Snapped clamp eyed in Rhode Island circus accident; 2 critical
b CORRECTED-UPDATE 1-Pilgrim's Pride offers to buy Hillshire in $6.4 bln deal
m BP reading above normal may up stroke risk
e Chris Brown trial set to start on Monday - KTVN Channel 2 - Reno Tahoe News  ...
m US: Little Progress in Foodborne Illnesses
t UN court rules against Japan whaling
t Facebook Celebrates LGBT Pride Month With Fabulous Rainbow Emojis
t Samsung's Apple payment to stay at $119.6m: Jury
m First US MERS patient could leave hospital soon (Update)
e 7 Transformers Cartoon Stories That Could Be Transformers Movies
e Tupac Musical Closing After Just Six Weeks On Broadway
b James Ashton: Interest rates - it's a surprisingly one-sided game
e Transcendence's Rebecca Hall takes on high-tech life
m As Ebola Cases Spike, WHO Asks For More Money And Help
t Apple poaches Tag Heuer executive as iWatch nears
m Autism estimate rises to 1 in 68 U.S. children
t New meteor shower to put on a show tonight
e Brosnan, Pierce Brosnan in 'The November Man'
m Fear and Rumors Hinder Containment of Ebola Outbreak
e Snooki Reveals Gender of Second Baby: I'm Having a Girl! (VIDEO)
t GM recalls additional 3.3 million cars for ignition problems
e Josh Elliott leaves Good Morning America for NBC Sports, ABC's Amy Robach  ...
e 'Castle' Finale: Will Castle & Beckett Finally Get Married? — Watch
t Apple's $3.2bn takeover of Dr Dre's Beats could signal move into wearables
b Iraq starts production at West Qurna 2 oilfield
b U.K. stocks higher, buoyed by Aberdeen, BHP gains
t Space X Reusable Rocket Landing A Success, Despite Adversity (VIDEO)
t Pesky flies use fighter jet manoeuvres
b Whole Foods' Biggest Problem In One Chart
b Lakeland to be added to Russell Microcap Index
t Microsoft boasts its Surface 3 can 'replace your laptop'
b Herbalife (HLF) Confirms FTC Civil Investigation
e What do mothers want on Mother's Day?
t After 10 Years, Sony Discontinues PSP -- What's Your Favorite Memory?
e Walking Dead Season 5 Premiere Date: October 12 Return Likely For AMC Series
m Fresh and Fit: Let's talk about e-cigarettes
b UCLA flood reminds LA to put priority on infrastructure: Editorial
e “Orphan Black” Recap: Sex, Guns, and Needles, Oh My
t Hackers blackmail Domino's Pizza with threat to release data
e 'Guardians of the Galaxy' director had to be sold on 'chubby' Chris Pratt
m July 04, 15:53 UTC+4 BUDAPEST
t UPDATE 1-US to require new cars to have rearview cameras by 2018
t OpenPOWER Foundation Unveils First Innovations and Roadmap
t Nissan, Honda and Mazda in mass recall over faulty airbags
m MERS virus close to becoming a public health emergency
e Beyoncé Looks Like A Salmon In The Shade While Leaving Broadway's A  ...
b Brainard, Powell Win Approval to Fed; Fischer Made Vice Chairman
b US oil futures decline as dollar gains on Fed rate outlook
e What happens if broadcasters lose the Aereo case?
t NASA crashes robot into moon on purpose
t Privacy Files: Terms of Trust
e Jenny McCarthy, Donnie Wahlberg Engaged, With Help From Her Son
e Films in the running for the Cannes festival Palme d'Or
e Justin Bieber is tattooed out
m Saudi Arabia detects 7 more MERS cases; Jordan reports death
m Members of Congress, Authors of E-Cigarette Marketing Report Respond to FDA  ...
b Shire share price: AbbVie raises offer to £30.1bn
t Business Highlights
e Miley Cyrus teams up with The Flaming Lips for bizarre short film
t Facebook reminds users to download its Messenger app
e Game of Thrones: 'Our Island Story' for the HBO generation
m Ryan Lewis' Mother is HIV Positive; Macklemore Producer Starts Foundation
b S&P 500 index closes above 1900 for first time - WBOC-TV 16, Delmarvas News  ...
e A Real Daytime Drama: What To Know About 'The View' Shake Up
t Teardown looks inside Google's Project Tango 3D mapping phone
b Barclays "bloodbath": 19000 jobs cut, hundreds of branches to shut
e Lupita Nyong'o Is People's 'Most Beautiful'! 4 Things You Didn't Know About  ...
e Elaine Stritch, Great Dame of Broadway, Dead at 89
e 'Guardians of the Galaxy' set to take over US theatres
b Euro to GBP Exchange Rate firms as inflation holds at 0.5%
t Windows Pop-Up Legit: “Windows XP End of Support is on April 8th, 2013”
t Steve Wozniak on Galaxy Gear, Google Glass, & Future of Wearables
t IRS: File your taxes now, ignore Heartbleed bug
e Transformers holds number 1 spot at the box office
e The Sly, Shocking Soul of GWAR
m Egypt may ban Hajj pilgrimage as MERS virus spreads: Official
b Stocks' Grind Higher Won't Be Easy
t Earth-like exoplanet Gliese 832c doesn't have aliens
t Son: 'Price war' after Sprint/T-Mobile merger would benefit consumers, networks
t Apple and IBM bury hatchet and join forces
b Squirrel blamed for $300K in damage at Fort Wayne community center
b Another blow for Russia
e Mary Rodgers, 'Freaky Friday' author, dies
e Tori Spelling Allegedly Addicted To Pain Pills As Dean McDermott 'True Tori  ...
m Nose can smell 1 trillion scents, study fnds
t With difficult cutbacks, Satya Nadella starts to make his mark on Microsoft
e Hard Rock Casino bans Ben Affleck for counting cards
b GM recalls 971000 more cars over defective ignition switch
e 5 Hilarious 'Mad Men' Spoofs
m Jackson No Longer the Allergy Capital
b Is Starbucks an Attractive Investment?
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Release Date Arrives: Target And Other Retailers Hint At  ...
e Katy Perry Fangirls Over Blue Ivy At The VMAs! Find Out What BIC Did To Get  ...
t Google's YouTube buying Twitch for USD1-billion: Variety
t NYSE:GM Investor Alert: Investigation of potential Wrongdoing at General Motors  ...
e Film review: 'Divergent'
e Editorial: Holy Week's story begins
m College Students Take Stimulant Drugs to Perform Better: Study
t Sports On the Air - June 11
b Valeant touts quick cost cuts in $45B hostile bid for Allergan
b Unknown if dollar store acquisition will have local impact
t Why the Oculus Rift is going to be a serious game-changer
b JPMorgan earnings fall 19% on lower mortgage income
b Coldwater Creek to close its stores
t Nokia X2 debuts as Microsoft's first Android smartphone
t Goodbye, Boca: Katharine the shark pings twice off Pompano
t Crackdown on Blackshades hackers
t NASA to test rocket-powered 'flying saucer'
m Mers killed 10 people in UAE and infected 68 others
t Gasoline prices fall in Ohio last week
e Jackman wants another Wolverine movie – without him in it
e Transformers makes the same mistakes
b NTSB Proposes Review Of 777 Flight Controls
t Microsoft to eliminate up to 18000 jobs over next year as it combines Nokia  ...
t Whales are engineers of ocean ecosystems, study finds
t Planetary scientist Colin Pillinger dies of brain haemorrhage
t Report: YouTube to Buy Videogame Streaming Service Twitch
b Amazing Video Shows How Pilots Avoided A Fatal Plane Crash At The Last  ...
t Microsoft Office for iPad to touchdown on March 27th
b DAILY BRIEFING: Wall St. report
b Area farmers wrap up spring planting
b US factory output rebounded in May, latest evidence that manufacturing is  ...
t Lawsuits, lawmakers raise volume on GM recall effort
t Apple to acquire Beats for $3bn
b Amazon buys Comixology for content crossover capers
e North Korea: James Franco, Seth Rogen movie is 'undisguised terrorism'
b Services sector growth hits 17-month high in June
b Dividend Stocks Offer Solace in Yield-Depressed World
e Nirvana, Kiss and the E Street Band join rock hall in Brooklyn ceremony
b Why Bank of America is Eyeing Citigroup Today
e Ciara names son Future Zahir Wilburn
e 3 NEW Guardians of the Galaxy Photos
e Stephen Colbert visits David Letterman and his future 'Late Show' home, and yes  ...
e Big Brother 16 Live Feeds: Week 1 Wednesday Daytime Highlights
m Norovirus is the leading cause of disease outbreaks from contaminated food in  ...
t Google: 1 billion people using Android devices
e Wu-Tang Clan-associated rapper cuts off penis, jumps off building in suicide try  ...
e Downtown celebrates Cinco de Mayo
e Comcast Digital Store Gets Sony Movies, TV Shows
e Don't let them get together in the end: Platonic TV friendships we don't want to  ...
m The World Health Organization declared these 11 countries in Asia free of polio
e Win a role in 'Star Wars: Episode VII' by donating to a new initiative
b Builder Confidence Signals Strenghening Market
m Alzheimer's disease blood test has amazing accuracy
b Report: Spirit most complained about US airline
t Two versions of iPhone 6 - report
m OECD Projects Slowing Global Growth, Rising Income Equality to 2060
e Broadway Review: 'Bullets Over Broadway'
m Red Cross Blood Drive scheduled at OSF St. James
e Dismissed New York Times editor at Wake Forest graduation: Leading  ...
t Latest global warming bad news: Antarctic glaciers melting fast
t Apple, Samsung trade barbs as new patent trial opens
b Russian Response: China Gas Deal Offers Leverage vs. West, Ukraine
m Air Pollution Linked to 1 in 8 Deaths Worldwide
e Sir Paul McCartney resumes tour after illness
e Tv - Game Of Thrones Fans Crash Hbo Website
m The FDA just approved a high-tech tiara to prevent migraines, without drugs
e Miley Cyrus Mouths Off: 5 Awesome Things She's Recently Said
b It's official: BMW announces addition of X7 to Spartanburg County plant
b China's Alibaba picks US for IPO
t HTC's Volantis tablet to release as Google Nexus 9?
b Rescuers free three trapped miners in Honduras but eight still missing
e That Time The Knockout Game And The Ice Bucket Challenge Met Head On
e Chris Hemsworth reveals twin's names
t You Can Now Buy a GoPro Camera Harness For Your Dog
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 rumoured specs: 2K display, 20.1MP camera and  ...
b Portugal's BES scraps July 31 shareholder meeting
t iOS 8 release date at WWDC 2014? Apple set for busy year with iPhone 6  ...
m Research: Aspirin Can Help Prevent Serious Pregnancy Complication
b California saves salmon from drought via trucks
t Dumping of Windows XP (finally) slows plummeting PC sales
e LeVar Burton launches 'Reading Rainbow' Kickstarter
b Stock Traders Buy High Volume of Yum! Brands Put Options (YUM)
t White House to Allow NSA to Exploit Some Internet Security Flaws
m Suspected MERS Death Reported in Medan
e Sum 41's Deryck Whibley Says Alcoholism Nearly Killed Him
t Massachusetts gas prices hit highest weekly average this year
b Momentum Rebound Boosts This Discretionary ETF
b TODAY IS TAX DAY! Filing tips, freebies & more April 15th
e Why this 'Wheel of Fortune' win is being called 'most amazing solve'
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West enjoy romantic bike ride through Irish mountains
e 'Amazing Spider-Man 2': Sparks fly amid tangled plot, early reviews say
e 'The Voice': Did Orlando singer survive?
b Reuters: Investors punish Erste for new emerging Europe hit
e House of Cards actor Corey Stoll in talks for Ant-Man movie
b Darden selling Red Lobster chain, holding on to Olive Garden
m CDC: US Autism Estimate Grows to 1 in 68 Children
b Auction Draws Big Demand As Treasuries Rise In Price
e Deja Hall eliminated from 'The Voice'
e Ciara and Future Welcome Baby Boy
b US Market Session Report – Retail Sales Positive For March, Sales Increase To  ...
e Adam Sandler's “Blended” Is a Failure for the Ages
e Richard Branson announces Virgin boycott of Brunei-owned hotels over 'stone  ...
e Anna Paquin Gets Naked, Talks "True Blood" Sex Scenes
t US National Climate Assessment
b IMF cuts 2014 forecast for US growth
e Broadcasting is about to change, regardless of Aereo lawsuit's outcome
e Speakout: What do you think about David Letterman's retirement from TV?
t 50 Years of Mustand: Ford to launch Mustang with a limited-edition Mustang GT
e Bachelorette Andi Dorfman's Runner-Up Confronts Her About "Making Love" to  ...
t Apple And IBM Join Forces To Take Over Corporate World
e Game of Thrones Season 4: Trailer #3 - Secrets
e Marvel's Female 'Thor' Shouldn't Come As A Surprise (Analysis)
b Cloud strength helps Microsoft earnings top Wall Street estimates despite flat  ...
b Russia, China Sign $400 Billion Gas Deal After Decade of Talks
e Jay Leno Receiving Comedy Lifetime Achievement Award
b Michaels CEO Chuck Rubin on IPO: Our debt is not a detriment
e Christina Aguilera Welcomes Gwen Stefani to The Voice, Confirms Singer's Role  ...
e Rob Kardashian: Why He Skipped Kim Kardashian's Wedding to Kanye West
t France curbs Paris car drivers to combat smog
b Eurozone inflation drops to lowest level in over four years
b Box has a long way to go, IPO filing shows
m Amazing 'See-Through' Mice Seen As Aid To Study Of Anatomy
e Director Edgar Wright Exits Ant-Man After Eight Years
t What Will Designer Google Glass Look Like?
m MOTHER'S DAY: Rare monoamniotic twins born holding hands
e 1 dead in shooting that canceled Cinco de Mayo parade
t Google hires fashion exec to help market Glass
t Apple to split stock, boost share buyback program, raise dividend in bid to win  ...
t Is this the Apple iPhone 6? Leak shows large display, iPad-like body
b Scoreboard: Fed praise
e The Bachelor: Does Juan Pablo Galavis Propose?
e Robin Thicke, please stahp
t Google Now adds bill reminders to its repertoire of features
e SNL recap: How did Girls' Lena Dunham perform as late-night host?
t Musician Will.i.am Will Also Profit Nicely From Apple's Deal For Beats Electronics
t 2 Killer Features Likely Confirmed for Galaxy Note 4 Release Date: Lower Price  ...
m MMQB: Vietnam Vet Hammers Others For Seeking PTSD Benefits
t Were OkCupid's and Facebook's Experiments Unethical?
t NHTSA issues final ruling that requires rearview technology in new vehicles by  ...
t Microsoft to reinvent productivity to empower people says Satya Nadella
b Energy Future Holdings Default Highlights Risks of Leveraged Loans
e Transformers: Age of Extinction – the pros and (decepti)cons of going to see it
t Microsoft: Surface Pro 3 Step in Right Direction, Says FBR; Is It Enough, Asks  ...
e Paul Simon : signer no threat to wife Edie Brickell
t Dept. of Transportation: Recalled GM cars can stay on the road
t Microsoft says it complies with law in China amid probe
e It's Lady Gaga's birthday, turns 28
b Christine Lagarde faces probe for fraud
e Lorde finally meets baseball star who inspired 'Royals'
m Lab-grown vaginas prove long-term success for four women born without one
e Transcendence: IMAX Behind The Frame Featurette
e 'The Walking Dead' season 4 finale recap ('A')
t Amazon Set For TV Device Reveal On April 2nd
e Aubrey Peeples cast as Jem in 'Jem and the Holograms'
t Android Wear bug blocks paid apps due to encryption
b Zuckerburg's world: Salary $1 but earnings at $3 bn
m My Word - March 5, 2014: E-cigarettes tell the same old stogie
b AT&T, DirecTV to pitch Capitol Hill on benefits of merger
m Preventive Double Mastectomy After Cancer Diagnosis Doesn't Always Reduce  ...
t Friday The 13th To Feature Full 'Strawberry' Moon
e Ultimate Warrior Tribute Video: Watch Now
t Did you see first-ever Camelopardalid meteor shower?
b Whole Foods cuts profit, sales outlook as competition intensifies
e Morrissey attacked on stage as he kicks off tour
b Medtronic to buy Irish medical-device maker Covidien
e Rob Kardashian compelled to leave before Kim-Kanye wedding?
e Kickstarter For Potato Salad Will Make Your Eyes Water
t Waves Discovered on Saturn's Moon Titan?
e 'Begin Again' is a sweet story set in the sour music biz
e Links for the Day: Gordon Willis RIP, How Restaurant Structure Breeds Rebellion  ...
e Justices question Aereo's plea to avoid paying fees to TV broadcasters
b Sales of US existing homes jump 4.9 per cent in May, best monthly gain in nearly  ...
t The Most All-American Car Makers? Toyota and Honda
b NC panel OKs criminalizing disclosure of chemicals in fracking
e That '70s baby: Mila Kunis pregnant with Ashton Kutcher's child!
t Lytro Illum camera lets users refocus blurred photos after shooting
e Justin Bieber has poked fun at Orlando Bloom online
t Apple on verge of buying Beats for US$3.2 bil.: report
t A merger between Apple, Beats may make Dr. Dre a billionaire
t Spooked Microsoft Promises Greater Customer Data Protection
b WellPoint says new hepatitis c drug prices are too high
b Jill Abramson Backs Out Of Brandeis Commencement Ceremony, Will Still  ...
t Samsung to release Galaxy S5 Mini soon
t iPhone 6 Concept Designs Reveal Wraparound Handset
b Heating up: Is Burger King moving to Canada?
b Association of Home Builders: A common-sense fix for housing finance
e Earth to Echo Movie Review
b China shares extend losses after weak macro data, CSI300 down 3 per cent
b Social Web Stands In for Metrics for Ebook Publishers
t HTC One (M8) Already Arriving At Verizon Stores, Launching Tomorrow, Says  ...
b Stocks Mixed After Data, Earnings
e 'Orphan Black' Season 2 premiere review: More action, more Maslany
m Marriage May Aid Heart Health
e Fundamental error on Christian Passover
e Mom: 3-year-old forced to urinate in airplane's seat
e Harry Potter's a Grown-A** Man in JK Rowling's New Online Story
t T-Mobile Uncarrier event 5.0 offers 7-day free test drive of their network
m Ebola Virus: Fears Mount as Mob Attacks Aid Workers
e Watch Beyoncé and Jay Z Make a Getaway in Star-Studded 'On the Run Tour  ...
m Smoking ban boost to health of children
t Samsung Galaxy Grand 2 getting Android 4.4.2 update in India
t Facebook will serve you ads based on more of your Web browsing history  ...
b VIDEO: It's Not All Roses But Thorns Too For Alibaba As NYSE IPO Nears
b Winter Blues Lead to Summer Time Travel Rush
t HTC One Mini Vs Galaxy S4 Mini, Specifications, Camera and Battery Life
t Mortgage Interest Rates Remain Steady at Capital One Financial on March 17  ...
b Daniel Pollack's statement
b EPA proposal could block huge Alaska mine
t Nest Learning Thermostat might be coming to Canada through Google Play
e Are We Happy With Gareth Edwards Directing The Star Wars Spin-Off? [Poll]
e Paul McCartney cancels Japan tour because of virus
t Gas prices up, but still lower than last year
t Buried Video Games Discovered
e Larry Wilmore to Replace Stephen Colbert After The Daily Show
t GM Offering Loaners, Cash To Recalled Car Owners
m Board allows girl who shaved head for friend to return to school
m Irish man gets 'all clear' after deadly MERS virus fears
t Sony boosts “selfie” trend with the launch of Xperia C3 – the world's best selfie  ...
t We Bet You Didnt Notice This About The inFamous Logo
e Chris Martin Steps Out Without Wedding Ring
m World's first ever kidney dialysis machine treats multiple organ failure in babies
t Microsoft flaw making Internet Explorer users vulnerable to hackers
t Gbatteries' BatteryBox offers battery backup and enhanced life for MacBook and  ...
t Java APIs Copyrightable, Court Rules in Oracle v. Google
b Missouri firm recalls chicken nugget products
b US Patent Office Rules To Cancel Redskins Trademark
t Xiaomi Trims Its Domain To Mi.com As It Eyes Faster Growth Outside China
e Tour affecting Beyonce's life
b Stock futures hit as market pain goes global
b Texas unemployment rate remains at 5.7 percent; Fort Worth area rate down  ...
t Gas-loving spiders prompt another recall
e Tracy Morgan - Tracy Morgan Upgraded To 'Fair Condition'
m CDC Update: 50 New Cases of Salmonella Heidelberg Linked to Foster Farms  ...
e New Orleans Mayor: Essence Festival 'Huge Economic Engine' for the Big Easy
b Target fired CEO Gregg Steinhafel, cut compensation, proxy shows
e Game of Thrones recap: "Breaker of Chains"
b US seeks light on shadowy online data collection
e Everyone Everywhere Is Celebrating International Happiness Day By Dancing to  ...
m KU Hospital: New Mosquito threat this summer
e Hollywood vs. Homophobia: How the Beverly Hills Hotel Became the Latest  ...
t Microsoft Celebrates Win Over FBI Gag Order. FBI Still Got What They Want
e Spaghetti western star Eli Wallach dies
b IMF Boss Christine Lagarde Under Investigation Over Bernard Tapie Corruption  ...
b Outsized Gains Driven By Fun-Duh-Mental Strength
t Lifelike Androids Now Working at Tokyo Museum [VIDEO]
e US soul singer Womack dies
e 'Grey's Anatomy': Sandra Oh on her exit
e James Brown Biopic Get On Up Does The Godfather Proud
t Facebook could launch 'Slingshot' Snapchat competitor
t Tango 3D tablets Project of Google
b Cattle Shortage Closes Cargill Beef Plant
e Hugh Jackman excited about Broadway return, Tony duties
b Putin's China Gas Coup Risks Lower Returns for Gazprom
e Sarah Michelle Gellar bashes Kim Kardashian's Vogue cover
e Hundreds attend Easter sunrise service at Jones Beach
e Madonna's armpit hair: Discuss
t Guess which city says it has the dirtiest air
e Hotel decries video leak of Jay Z, Beyonce's sister
e Andre Johnson, Wu-Tang Associated Rapper, Cuts Off Penis and Jumps From  ...
t Sony Xperia Z2 lands in the US this summer, Canadian's can pre-order
t The Bright Side of Facebook's Social Experiments on Users
e Django Unchained Star to Play Mike Tyson in Biopic
b Asia stocks end mixed after upbeat China PMI, US record highs
t Toyota Settles Criminal Safety Probe for $1.2B
t LUNAR ECLIPSE: Red moon after midnight
e Nick Cannon promotes 'White People Party Music' in whiteface alter ego, Connor  ...
e Vin Diesel Promises to Make 'Fast and Furious 7' 'Best in the Series' As Filming  ...
t Oracle Can Pursue Claim That Google Copied Java, Court Says (3)
b July 4th gas prices
t Fabien Cousteau ends mission at undersea lab (Update)
t Ubisoft releases Watch Dogs launch trailer, introduces storyline
t BlackBerry phones to get Amazon Appstore for Android
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Extreme Drop Test (Video)
e UPDATED: Turkish drama 'Winter Sleep' wins Cannes top prize
t Paris pollution prompts car restriction
t Researchers Observe Gnarly Waves In Arctic Ocean For First Time
e Is Kim Kardashian Planning To Pay Lana Del Ray Ray-J Sex Tape Money To  ...
m Ebola crisis controversy clouds AFCON 2015 qualification
b European Central Bank head: Governments must encourage hiring, reduce  ...
t Iran prosecutor denies summoning Facebook founder
b JPMorgan Chase Shareholders Back Directors, Executive Pay
e Jessie J, Ariana Grande and Nicki Minaj Team Up For 'Bang Bang'
m New evidence proves autism begins during pregnancy
t Samsung phone is durable but iPhone has outperformed
e Trasformers: Age of Extinction
m NH health plan sign-ups surpass targets
e Flick picks: Cold 'Transcendence,' cuddly 'Bears' both go to great lengths to save  ...
m Médecins Sans Frontières: Guinea Ebola outbreak 'unprecedented'
m Drug company changes course, gives drug to sick Va. boy
e North Korea Test-Fires Three Rockets Day After War Anniversary
b Man arrested in Georgetown may be connected to Target breach
t 'Heartbleed' bug forces potential shutdown of more government services
t Google's Nest Labs Opens Its APIs to Innovations From Other Firms
m Gestational diabetes a risk for later heart problems
e Snap happy sisters: Kylie and Kendall Jenner can't resist a photo-op on  ...
b WATCH: Planes nearly collide in Barcelona
t Here's How To Use Facebook's New Snapchat Killer, Slingshot
m Prayer service to be held for 2 Americans fighting Ebola virus
t Epic Meteor Shower
m FDA advisory committee finds dalbavancin safe, effective for ABSSSI
b Whole Foods Profit Tops Estimate; Sales Fall Shy
e Spoiled Kim Kardashian's Diss At Elizabeth Taylor: She Considered Buying  ...
e Radcliffe: New Potter film unlikely
e J. Cole, Big Sean Empower Youth at We Day California
t Watch Dogs review: spook country
t Google's Android TV Aims to Rule Your Living Room as a Pandora for Video
m Saudi Arabia Witnesses Major Uptick on MERS Cases
b Putin's man in China: Gennady Timchenko
b FOMC Meeting And Yellen On Monetary Policy Outlook
e Pink Floyd working on new album
b Home Depot earns $1.38 billion, but misses Wall Street expectations
b Taco Bell hires 'Ronald McDonald' (2 dozen of them) for breakfast ads
m West African Airline Suspends Flights Amid Ebola
e Beyonce, Kim Kardashian Feuding or Friends? Jay Z Wife Tried Not To Speak  ...
m Oscar Pistorius not mentally ill during killing, prosecutor says
m What your next gyno exam may not include
e Bradley Cooper Might Do More "Indy" Films - If He Replaces Harrison Ford As  ...
b Air and Space Museum evacuated for suspicious bag
e 'Game of Thrones' author George RR Martin posts new chapter from 'Winds of  ...
b South Carolina jobless rate falls for 8th straight month, dipping to 6.4 percent in  ...
b Icahn says eBay shareholders resisted PayPal split -CNBC
t Global Cooling: Antarctic Sea Ice Coverage Continues To Break Records
b UPDATE: AbbVie Ups Proposal For Shire, Calls Shareholders To Put On Pressure
t Google's smart contact lens is coming to an eye near you: Lenses for diabetics  ...
e Divorce mediation
e Mesa Easter Pageant
e Justin Bieber, Selena Gomez Coachella Couple Get Up Close [See Photos]
t San Francisco Supe London Breed Proposes City Cell Phone Kill Switch Law
b Tymoshenko sinks in polls, but regaining political recognition
e 'Neighbors' Crashing Spider-Man's Party at Box Office with $45 Million Opening
b Tesla Q1 Highlights: Car Manufacturer Beats the Street, but Stock Dips
m About 5337 HIV infected registered in Kyrgyzstan
b Deutsche Bank Bets on Fixed-Income Unit With Share Sale
e What would her Dad say? Willow Smith (13) pictured lying on a bed with 20-year  ...
t Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 vs Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 7.0 – Price and Specs  ...
t Judge: US can force Microsoft to turn over email from Ireland
b New £1 coin to show a dozen sides
e James Franco Is Now a Theater Director, Too
b Treasury Rally Drags 10-Year Yield to Fresh 2014 Low
e Emmys 2014: Orange Is The New Black and House Of Cards snubbed as Netflix  ...
e Turkish drama wins Palme d'Or
e UPDATE 1-Oprah gives Starbucks tea push a celebrity shot with chai drink
e Bradley Cooper To Replace Harrison Ford - Indiana Jones
t Total eclipse paints moon red
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Vs. Samsung Galaxy S4: New Flagship Is More Expensive
b SSAs hanging on ECB outcome
e True Blood season 7 teaser: "There's no one left"
t With Gnip, Twitter Is Ready To Sell Your Tweets
t Volcano risk falls, rises
t New York regulators to examine Comcast-Time Warner Cable merger
e Springsteen closes out Final Four music festival - WSFA.com: News Weather  ...
e Celebs React With Praise Over Stephen Colbert 'Late Show' Hosting  ...
e Benedict Cumberbatch & Adam Scott Join Johnny Depp & Joel Edgerton In  ...
t Verizon New HTC One March 25th launch tipped to be an exclusive
e Seven Layer Potato Salad
e 'Girl Meets World' Trailer: Cory and Topanga Are Parents Now
e Man accused of attacking Brad Pitt has prior celebrity controversies
e What Will Retiring Barbara Walters Be Most Remembered For -- Her Trailblazing  ...
b COLUMN-China's robust commodity imports boosted by stockpiling, financing  ...
e Ora had memory trouble on 50 Shades movie
b Chrysler recalls 29500 Fiat 500L cars to replace knee airbags
t Wearable: Ask First 'Why Wear It?'
e 'Game of Thrones' grows deadlier still
b Stocks Hitting 52-Week Highs
e Ex-TV Judge Joe Brown causes near riot in Tennessee courtroom
t Paying $1.2 Billion Does Not End Toyota's Exposure to Unintended Acceleration  ...
t Apple's Patently Absurd Smartphone Crusade
b Nissan Profit Up As Sales Outpace Industry
b Hillshire Brands In The Middle Of A Food Fight
t They survived ice ages while other life did not. Here's why
t Tesla Motors To Construct Manufacturing Plant in Europe
b Loans to eurozone businesses remain weak: ECB
t Scientists solve mystery of why octopuses do not tie themselves up in knots
e Museum heir of Gurlitt collection
m State Highlights: N.C. Lawmakers Reach Medicaid Agreement; Idaho Asks  ...
m Surgeon general warns against UV light in skin cancer fight
b Prices going up at Chipotle Mexican Grill
t Facebook's 'I'm A Voter' Feature to Go Global
b Alibaba picks New York Stock Exchange for scrip's US listing of IPO
e Local record stores surviving, thriving ahead of annual celebration
b Report: Toyota to Reach $1 Billion Settlement with Justice Dept.
t That Signal From the Beginning of Time Could Redefine Our Universe
b George Osborne to use first major US speech to rebuke critics of austerity
b Ex-Treasury Secretary Geithner To Deliver Yale Lectures
b Japan Manufacturing Improved
e Candid Photo Booth Photos From Kanye West & Kim Kardashian's Wedding  ...
m Ebola ruled out in case of hospitalized Saskatoon man
m Heartland Virus Disease reported in Missouri and ...
t Amazon Appstore heads to BlackBerry 10 phones
b King Hopes to Crush Doubt with New Sequel
t Facebook Bets on Virtual Reality: Purchases VR firm Oculus
t Android Wear watches pre-order starts
m Over 200 to participate in 12-hour event
b Five Things You Should Know About Housing Reform Legislation
b Malaysia releases satellite data on missing jet MH370
e Kate Middleton: Pregnant at 98 Pounds!?!
e Frankie Knuckles, Godfather of House Music, dead at 59
e Here's A Photo of Nick Cannon In White Face
t Intel accelerates wearable products focus with acquisition of health tracking  ...
e Here's The Trailer For The New Bill Murray, Melissa McCarthy Film, 'St. Vincent'
t eBay slammed for daft post-hack password swap advice
e Oregon homeless man accepts Miley Cyrus' MTV award
m Happy with warmer weather? Well, watch out for ticks
t Microsoft Corp (MSFT) Will Report Q3 Results April 24th; Street Sees Lower EPS
t AMD reveals K12: New ARM and x86 cores are coming
e BWW Asks - Should ABC Have Included Reactions to Eric's Death on THE  ...
t Physicists Announce Breakthrough Gravity-Wave Discovery
e Chris Hemsworth - Chris Hemsworth & Charlize Theron Back For Huntsman  ...
b Facebook Reports First Quarter 2014 Results
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's Paris wedding might not happen – oh non!
b China moves citizens from Vietnam
b Student Loan Interest Rates Increase July 1st
b U.S. Stock-Index Futures Are Little Changed Before Factory Data
e First look: Trailer released for new Brad Pitt movie, 'Fury'
e Justin Bieber & Chris Brown Record a Song 'For the Fans'
e Rapper who cut off penis during suicide attempt will survive, penis not so lucky
e Chris Pratt To Visit Sick Kids As Star-Lord
b Benzinga's Top #PreMarket Losers
e Vin Diesel Show's Jimmy Fallon How To Say 'I Am Groot' In Different Languages  ...
t Google Rolls Out Glass Free 'Home Try-On' Program for Select Potential  ...
b Dollar dips versus yen, euro remains under pressure
e Sharknado creates Twitter frenzy
b Litigation costs hurt BofA, Q2 profit dips 43%
e Solange brushes off Jay Z fight
b Google Expanding their Shopping Service to Manhattan and West LA
b Jack Kingston: insurance company bailout 'socialistic approach to marketplace'
e Eight-Time Grammy Award Winner Anita Baker Is Wanted By Detroit Police! Find  ...
b Train Reading: No Such Thing as 'Easy Money'
e Spider-Man 2 lands top of box office
b US CEO compensation crosses $10-million mark for first time
t Starbucks Begins Rolling Out Wireless Charging Stations
b ECB left the door open for further measures, if necessary – Danske Bank
b RPT-Nikkei rises to 5-month high on strong US manufacturing data
b BlackBerry to shut down music, video sections from July 21
b WWE news: Stone Cold Steve Austin reveals his choice for WWE champion
e 'Mad Men' premiere draws 2.3 mln, lowest season debut since 2008
t 2011-'14 Hyundai Sonata Recalled for Rollaway Risk
b The Heavy Weight Fall: Google (Goog) and International Business Machines (IBM)
e Watch the New Trailer for The Wachowskis' Jupiter Ascending
t Adobe brings updated touch experience to Photoshop on Surface Pro 3
b Libya PM ousted by parliament
b Hamilton County's jobless rate for April drops to 5.6 percent
e 9/11 Museum Opens to Public
b UPDATE: Merkel visits Greece in show of support for reform efforts
b US stocks turn mixed in afternoon trading
t Wolverton: Amazon's Fire TV intriguing but needs more polish
e The Pope 'cancels meeting with Noah star Russell Crowe'
m New West Nile virus cases reported by Boulder, Weld health officials
e Lindsay Lohan Cuts Ties With Sober Friends, Continues to Party in Europe
t Google camera app with Android qualms
b Yellen: Job market needs low rates 'for some time'
b Boomers And Reverse Mortgages – Another Crisis In The Making?
t Facebook to Use Web Browsing History For Ad Targeting
b Siemens-Mitsubishi invites Paris into battle for Alstom | Bangkok Post: news
b Lufthansa Pilot Strike Halts Jets in Airline's Worst Walkout (1)
b Airliner crisis puts trials of Malaysian gov't into spotlight
t Marquez aces Austin practice
b BoE reveals One Bank strategy
t New, cheaper, iPod touch model rumored to launch next week
b Barclays jobs safe in Jersey
e Miley Cyrus on Being Hospitalised: "I Had Just Basically Been Poisoning Myself"
m Here's Why MannKind Corporation (NASDAQ:MNKD) and 3 Others Are Shining  ...
t The 1 Tech Company That Truly Wants to Make the World Better?
b Fairfax Financial returns to second-quarter profit on investment gains
t 16-Foot Swells Reported in Once Frozen Region of Arctic Ocean
b Friday, March 28 2014 08:50 AM
e Canadian Justin Bieber detained at LAX, not allowed back in US
e Jolie and Pitt: We'll still do red carpet events
b Is Priceline a Buy Today?
b Alibaba files for IPO that could be biggest in history
t Ex-Microsoft Worker Arrested For Trade Secret Theft, Leaks
m Merck's grass pollen allergy drug wins US approval
e Fargo season finale recap: Is This What You Want?
t Tesla opens up patents to give boost to electric-vehicle market
t Modi says Facebook a tool for governance
e Comedian John Pinette found dead in Pittsburgh hotel room
b BOJ Grows More Confident of Economy
b US existing home sales up 4.9%
b Deutsche Bank Profit Beats Estimates on Trading; Shares Jump (2)
t Emperor penguins at extinction risk because of climate change
e Is Shia LaBeouf in Rehab?
b Lewis Wants to Open the Doors Wall Street Locks: Opening Line
e 'Billy On the Street' invades 'The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon'
b BMW plans to invest $1b in US factory
b Interest rates on new student loans will increase Tuesday
e Keith Richards to write children's book with daughter
b Amazon to Offer HBO Shows on Prime - Analyst Blog
e Andi Dorfman's Engagement Ring Can Be Yours Too -- Get The Look!
t Volvo to Show their First Android Auto Equipped SUV at Paris Motor Show in  ...
e Lindsay Lohan Documentary: 4 Surprising Moments
e TV RECAP: 'Game of Thrones' Turns King's Landing into a Courtroom as Tyrion  ...
t Mobile devices uninteresting without cloud: Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella
b AAA predicts busiest Memorial Day travel weekend since 2005
b GM sticking to marketing game plan despite recall crisis
t T-Mobile Offers Music Streaming Free of Data Charges
m Report: Number of Women with Alzheimer's Doubles Men With Disease
e Neighbors takes tame route to fraternity debauchery
e Lea Michele's New Boyfriend Matthew Paetz is a Gigolo?!
t Vessyl “Smart Cup” Knows What You're Drinking
e Limbaugh: Media Desperately Defending Colbert by Attacking Me
e Michael Jackson's 'Billie Jean' Gets High School Talent Show Treatment, Goes  ...
b US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St ends nearly flat after six-day rally
t Google unveils self driving car prototype
t Bigfoot Existence Questioned By Study Testing DNA From Hair Samples
b Erste's eastern problems are partly self-inflicted
e Movie Review: Jump past '22 Jump Street'
e Pfister, Depp reunite for sci-fi 'Transcendence'
e Superman Revealed in First Image from 'Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice'
e Love and Hip Hop: Atlanta's Benzino Shot Multiple Times During Mother's Funeral
e Hollywood hot to produce movie about Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl
b UPDATE – Litigation costs hit Bank of America's quarterly profit
e The Wizarding World of Harry Potter: What land will Universal build next?
e Don't mess with Bieber's 'baby' - see video
b How to Listen
b Eli Lilly to buy part of Novartis for $5.4 bn
e Police officer reveals Tupac's final words
t eBay data breach set to be investigated by the ICO
e Obscene Tweet by US Airways Was First Tweeted by Upset Customer
t McAfee offers free tool to check for Heartbleed affected sites
b The delisting of Malaysia Airlines - Najib Razak
t Int'l court rules against Japan in whaling dispute, orders halt
b UPDATE 1-ECB to have QE primed in case needed - Mersch
e 'Star Wars' museum to be built in Chicago
b Treasury Bonds Boosted by Iraq Conflict, U.S. Data
e Transcendence (12A)
t Mozilla Registers Swell Of Negative Feedback Following Eich Ouster
e Maya Rudolph Returns To 'SNL' To Play Beyoncé In Jay Z And Solange Sketch
e Kate Winslet 'pumps' through LA earthquake
b Herbalife (HLF) Say No Merits to Ackman's Accusations
e 'Cabaret': Theater review
m Breast cancer study: dangers of removing both breasts
e Kendall Jenner Spotted in NYC Amid Rumors She's Modeling With Justin Bieber  ...
e Meryl Davis
b Wall Street ends lower with big fall for S&P 500
b Lululemon Shares Soar as CEO Promises Aggressive Expansion
m Rare 'mono mono' newborn twins doing well in Ohio, held hands for mom to see
t Curiosity spies asteroids from Mars surface for the first time
t Must Watch: The First Full Episode of FOX's Cosmos
b NY attorney general sues Barclays, alleges deceit
e ABC News World News
e Transformers: Age of Extinction Villain to Reappear in "Transformers 5  ...
e 'Guardians Of The Galaxy' Is 'Definitely' Tied To 'Avengers 3'; Will Thanos Bridge  ...
e Taylor Swift cancels Thailand concert as martial law is declared, but her ex Harry  ...
t Google Details Gmail Scanning in New TOS
b Etihad Airways welcomes 217 graduates
t Competition Commission imposes Rs 1 crore fine on Google
b Kerry lays stress on Modi's 'sab ka saath, sab ka vikaas' growth slogan
e Andrew Garfield refuses to be 'wrapped up in cotton wool' despite the industry  ...
b When speed is greed
b Weibo's True Reach Limits Value
t Penn State researchers help identify planet similar to Earth
t Plastic garbage in the ocean is mysteriously disappearing
t Some new Windows Azure integration features in SQL Server 2014
e Russell Crowe isn't Noah - He's Ricky Gervais!
b Amazon says dispute with book publisher Hachette to continue
b SD short sales decline significantly
t GM recalls over 194000 Buicks in China
t NASA uses 36000 selfies to make Earth photo
e The problem with People's 'Most Beautiful' list
e 'Scandal' star Columbus Short reportedly being investigated for criminal battery
m Saudi Arabia announces new Mers death
m Organic Mangos Distributed to 5 States Recalled for Possible Listeria  ...
b PokerStars and Full Tilt acquired by Amaya Gaming in $4.9 billion deal
e Moral, Quick-witted, Powerful: South African Writers Celebrate the Life and Work  ...
e Katy Perry Performs Live At The 2014 Billboard Music Awards | Video
b Automakers had a dynamite March
b NYT: Credit suisse, BNP ask US authorities for leniency in probes
t Samsung's Graphene important breakthrough for flexible devices
e Transformers star Shia LaBeouf arrrested during Broadway play
e Diller: Administration's Aero Stance is Anti-Consumer
b Fitch revises SA outlook to negative
b GM recalls Cruze compacts to fix front axle shafts
t Australia iOS ransom gizmo-snatch OUTRAGE not our FAULT: Apple
t Facebook experiment proves that social networks can alter your mood
b Candy Crush maker to be valued at up to $7.6 bn in New York float
e Is Beyoncé Apartment Hunting for Her Own Place?
e Croatia Really Does Not Want Cersei To Get Naked In Game Of Thrones
b Capital One Financial Corporation (NYSE:COF) – Capital One Reports First  ...
t Jupiter's Great Red Spot Is Shrinking, Telescope Confirms
e Rolf Harris found guilty in sex assaults cases, jailed for almost 6 years
e Casey Kasem, king of Top 40 countdown, dead at 82
e 'Noah' Talk Generates Box-Office Bucks
e Shakespeare 450: Birthday Celebrations Honor World-Renowned Writer
t Samsung Electronics Expected to Adopt Two-track Strategy in Wearable Device  ...
e Scotty McCreery Idol winner robbed at gunpoint
t Windows 8.1 Update 1 Has More Customization
e The 'St. Vincent' Trailer Showcases the Bill Murray We All Know and Love
t Google Glass Won't Make You Look So Nerdy Anymore Thanks to Ray-Ban  ...
e The Talker: NYPD's Twitter callout backfires
b MH370: French release new satellite images
t Apple Hits A Home Run
e Why Miss USA Nia Sanchez Dismissed Suggestions To Change Her Last Name
t Apple to unveil iWatch with iPhone6 on September 9
e Stairway to Heaven lawsuit looms
t Facebook making big changes to its advertisements
b Credit Suisse Fined $2.5 Billion for U.S. Tax Evasion
t Another Earth? NASA Discovers Inhabitable Planet Outside Solar System
b FAA investigating near-miss between 2 planes near IAH
m E. coli contamination: Portland, Oregon, and suburban customers told to boil  ...
e CBS Police Drama Defies Television Rules
m E-cigarette ban protects minors
b A third of Americans delinquent on debt
e Justin Bieber has declared he'd only go to Central Park to propose to his 'future  ...
b Wells Fargo's Profit Climbs -- 2nd Update
e Three More Saturday Night Live Cast Members Are Leaving The Show! Find Out  ...
m CDC: Autism affects 1 in 68 children
m autism is a lifelong issue
e Two Garth Brooks Comeback Shows in Ireland Refused Permission by Council
t Mozilla under fire, OkCupid urges users to bycott
m Routine pelvic exams unnecessary for women, Says ACP
e Jonah Hill: how did this guy become a star? Six movies that made him famous
b Bitcoin 'a distraction', says online payment pioneer
e Thor star Chris Hemsworth reveals names of twin sons
t ALDRIN: WHERE WERE YOU WHEN I WALKED ON THE MOON?
b US consumer confidence improved in May
t All-new 2015 Jeep?? Renegade: Most Capable Small SUV Expands the Brand's  ...
b Tanker with Libyan 'rebel' oil heads to sea
t NASA's Kepler Seeks Earth Twin...Possible Match! (Kepler Space Telescope)
b Yahoo buys more time for turnaround with solid 2014 earnings report
t An App-Controlled Drone That Delivers Beautiful 1080p Footage
b Encana To Sell Nat Gas Assets To TPG Capital For $1.8B
b Oil prices rise further on growing Iraq tensions
m Beware! Watching too much television may cause early death
t Apple, BlackBerry, Samsung & Microsoft: Divided by Market Share, United by  ...
t PA 'Burger King Baby' Reunites With Birth Mom
e 'DWTS' Recap: Shocking Turn of Events Is Devastating for a Major Front Runner
m A Patient in Minnesota Has Lassa Hemorrhagic Fever. (Don't Panic.)
b Fed set to ditch ''threshold'' guidance under Yellen
e Kim Kardashian Flashes Major Side Boob In Paris When She Goes Braless
e 'Dancing With the Stars' 2014: Pro Chelsie Hightower on Latin Night's Sexiest  ...
e Film review: 'Wish I Was Here'
t Aust action sought in climate report
e Captain America Spinoff Agent Carter Ordered to Series at ABC
b OECD cuts global growth outlook to 3.4%
t Internet Explorer is unsafe as it leaves computers vulnerable to hackers
b Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 update: Several objects spotted floating in waters off  ...
e 'Silicon Valley' Episode 3 Recap: Stupid Name, Smart Satire
e Here's Your First Glimpse of Jamie Dornan in 'Fifty Shades of Grey' (PHOTO)
e South By Southwest overstuffed with music goodies
t Apple takes Samsung back to court, device prices could be affected
e Jodie Foster gets married
e Corporate sponsorship of gay pride parades on the rise
e The Social Climber: NYC Mayor Settles Stanley Cup Wager With Ode to LA
b AirBnB Aims For $10 Billion Valuation With $500 Million Funding Round
t Obama creates exception for NSA to exploit internet security flaws
e This Exists: College Course on Miley Cyrus
t Facebook buys Oculus Rift developer for 2bn
e Chris Hemsworth and wife Elsa Pataky welcome twins
b ECB ready to act, but how much will it help?
b Twitter shares slump as lock-up period ends
t UN author says draft climate report alarmist, pulls out of team
b GE consumer lending arm Synchrony Financial sets terms for $3.1 billion IPO  ...
e North taps newest defense minister
t iPod Touch Price Cut $100, Hinting iWatch Release Date Coming Soon?
m Ebola scare: WHO to create sub-regional control centre in Guinea
b Iran Receives 2 More Oil Payments from Japan: Report
m Four Boston Residents Test Positive For Chikungunya Virus
b Swiss watchdog probes manipulation
t Nokia may be renamed Microsoft Mobile once deal closes
e Katt Williams Allegedly Pulled Out A Gun At The Comedy Store
b US downplays Russia-China gas deal
m Mill lit up blue to raise awareness of Autism
t The Xbox One's Controller Buttons Don't Make Enough Sense
e 'Hercules' Movie 2014 Cast & Updates: New Trailer Shows Model Irina Shayk  ...
t Why The Microsoft Surface Just Died Last Week
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West wedding: A look back at their love story
t Protected Site Of Ancient Dinosaur Tracks To Be Unveiled In Utah
b Mitsubishi, Siemens file joint Alstom bids
t Microsoft Promotes Scott Guthrie To Head Of Cloud, Phil Spencer To Lead Xbox  ...
b New Obamacare tweaks benefit employers
t Xbox One Vs PS4: Sony Outsells Microsoft But Microsoft Makes More Money  ...
b Iraq violence threatens OPEC's precarious balance
e Pennsylvania high school basketball coach to appear on 'The Bachelorette'
m Work vs. home stress
b The John Report: WWE Money In The Bank 2014 Preview
t BlackBerry buys Secusmart: security and encryption startup
e ''It's just heartbreak'': Julia Roberts breaks silence on tragic death of half-sister  ...
b Former U.S. Treasury Secretary Geithner to Speak at Yale
t Cisco to pour $1bn into cloud as hardware revenues decline
t Jupiter's giant red spot shrinking, Hubble images show
e Kim Kardashian gets sexy new look to stop Kendall Jenner stealing her crown as  ...
b Live: Latest information on search for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370
t Americans have a responsibility to fight new drilling plans
b Obama To Sign Pay Gap Orders, But Equal Pay Stays Elusive
b The Dow Jones Industrial Average Ends Week on a Bullish Note
b EPA fires starting pistol on potentially tighter fracking rules
b JPMorgan chief Dimon has cancer, set for treatment
b Pepco Holdings Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. (POM)
e Movie review: Marc Webb's 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2'
e Chris Martin's dad tells of heartache over Gwyneth Paltrow split but says couple  ...
t UK to Launch Driverless Car Trials in January
t Facebook's secret experiment on users had a touch of 'Inception'
e Full trailer for Dawn Of The Planet Of The Apes shows Gary Oldman watching  ...
b Google (GOOGL) Stock Falls on Ad Concerns
b US inflation lifts sharply
t Tesla goes open source so you can help build better electric cars
t Netflix in deal to pay Verizon for faster access
t Scientists Have Created "Alien" DNA
t Netflix, Inc.'s Stock Rises On FCC's New Draft On Net Neutrality
b Fed announces further cut in monthly bond purchases
e “Glee” Stars Twitter Accounts Hacked
e Kim Kardashian For Vogue: Harper's Bazaar & Vanity Fair Also Wanted Her On  ...
m #SaveJosh win: 7-year-old will get life-saving drug
t 2048: The new app everyone's talking about
e Bollywood mourns the death of writer Gabriel Garcia Marquez
e Epic Turkish drama 'Winter Sleep' wins Palme d'Or
b One fifth of Chinese soil contaminated
e Lily Allen Is Joining Miley Cyrus's Bangerz Tour
b How Ford's Alan Mulally turned around its fortunes
t Live: Samsung Galaxy S5 launched in India, priced between Rs 51000 to 53000  ...
b Microsoft profit drops but devices, consumer products help results
e Gwyneth Paltrow & Chris Martin's Split Will End With A Divorce — But Deep  ...
b CloudOn offers 6 months of virtual Office for free
e 'House of Cards' Star Spacey to Play Churchill in New Movie
b Home»News»Business»US new home sales surge 18.6 per cent in May to  ...
e Home WhatsOn 'Godzilla' opens with smashing $93.2 million
e Sherri Shepherd and Jenny McCarthy Leaving 'The View'
t Rumor: The Last of Us Remastered Launches June 20
e Gwen Stacy has a 'heroic impulse to serve something greater than herself,' says  ...
e Catholics asked to NOT donate to the ALS Association
e Live the Easter Way! The Holy Spirit which Transformed the Early Church Enlists  ...
m That Moment When You Must Have a Word With Jenny McCarthy
t Marquez fitness improving ahead of return to Austin
b 4 months after ignition switch recall began, GM has repaired only 7 percent of  ...
e Thanks to Casey Kasem (and psychology), here's why people love radio  ...
e PHOTO/SAGE LEEHEY
b PRESS: AbbVie Considering Raising Takeover Offer For Shire - Bloomberg
t Samsung Galaxy S5 goes on sale for Rs 51500
e 'Fargo' makes a comeback as a new TV drama starring Bob Odenkirk
e You Learn Something New Every 'Hard Day's Night': The Beatles' Classic Turns 50
e North Korea vows 'merciless' retaliation if US releases film about plot to  ...
m Supercombos and 'Big Slabs:' The most unhealthy restaurant meals in America
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Developer Edition for Verizon Coming Soon?
b Yellen says accommodative policy still needed amid housing risks
b Greece returns to the bond markets, moving towards bailout exit
b Oil spills into Lake Michigan from BP refinery in Indiana
e The Top 10 VMA Performances of All Time
b 'Fast Money' Recap: Valuation Matters for Tesla
e Watch viral video of 20 strangers' first kiss - sweet or awkward?
e 'Midnight Rider' Director, Producers Indicted in Crew Death
b Russia's Gas Deal With China About Far More Than Economics
e Leonardo Di Caprio dances wildly in Coachella concert crowd
b Mulberry chief Bruno Guillon quits after profit warnings and share price collapse
e 'Noah' hits rough religious waters on-screen
e Watch Jimmy Fallon and Chris Christie dance like dads on 'The Tonight Show'
t Google's New Then-and-Now Feature Gives You a Window to the Past
b USD/JPY: Yen Flat Ahead Of BOJ Decision
b King +3.4%; bookings grow in spite of Candy Crush decline
t Broadcast lobbyist Gordon Smith blasts FCC in speech at NAB show
t FTC files charges against T-Mobile for fraudulent SMS charges
b Medtronic to acquire chief rival Covidien
b More talks 'needed on high-speed rail link' between Xinjiang, Europe
e Robert Pattinson: Kristen Stewart split was 'normal'
t First 2014 Supermoon Noticed on Saturday Night
b Barclays shares hit by fraud allegations in US
b Walmart sues Visa for rigging card fees
e Watch: Jenny Lewis recreates "Just One of the Guys" video on Fallon
e Colbert debuts first Top 10 list on 'Late Show'
t Why everyone is talking only about the middle-finger emoji
b Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs Q1 Results Beat Estimates
t Breaking news
t Copy Cat Galaxy Core 2 Shows The Flaw In Samsung's Low-End Strategy
t Lunar Crash
e Raver! Leonardo DiCaprio Busts Some Wild Dance Moves At Coachella Festival  ...
b Treasury Bonds Pare Losses On Disappointing ISM Results
t TV Gets No Respect in a Broadband World
t Fixes that should be in the next upgrade of Android KitKat
e Reviews: Get On Up and Guardians of the Galaxy
b Snapchat worth $10 billion? Start-up valuations stoke bubble fears
b Bank of Japan holds off on monetary easing
e The sequels have it: '22 Jump Street' and 'How to Train Your Dragon 2' top  ...
b Credit Suisse $2.6 bn fine omen of what lies ahead for other Swiss banks
e Topeka students to receive additional tickets to graduation, Michelle Obama  ...
e Zac Efron's table top dance is hot
e Justices consider future of TV and copyright in Aereo case
b Va. unemployment rate rose slightly in March
e Neil Young to release high-quality MP3 player
t Samsung launches high-end tablet in Taiwan
e And the 'Dancing With The Stars' season 18 winner is...
t Every MIT Undergrad Getting $100 in Bitcoin
e Social Media Takes Aim at Vogue After Kim and Kanye Land Cover
e Aram MP3 will be number 7 in "Eurovision 2014" final show
e James Franco, Chris O'Dowd, Leighton Meester, and More Celebrate  ...
m First cases of MERS reported in Iran, even while Saudi Arabian incidences have  ...
e The Bachelorette Finale: Who Should Andi Choose?
b Oil Retreats As Iraq Violence Spares Supply
t Report: Google+ to be Dialed Back, Fate Unknown, Hangouts Team Moving to  ...
e Puppets Unveiled on Star Wars Episode VII Set
t Regulators Warn Banks Of Heartbleed Risks
e Chanel Haute Couture autumn/winter 2014
e The True Detective finale: The journey was better than its disappointing destination
e Kim Kardashian's Odd $20 Birthday Gift To Kanye West
e 5 Things We Learned From Kanye West's Rants At Bonnaroo 2014
m Double mastectomies 'wrong'
e Downey Jr's son arrested
b Wal-Mart stores to take video game trade-ins
t Activision faces lawsuit from former Panama dictator
e Movie Review: Transcendence has glitches
b Burger King 'Proud Whopper' Sends Message
e Kit Harington: GoT owns my hair
m Local "Vape" Stores React to FDA Proposal
e Tim Howard's best not enough to save US World Cup run
m Handshakes not hygienic, say scientistsPublish Date: Jul 28, 2014
t For Apple, money in Office for iPad in tablet sales
b Weibo sells fewer shares than expected, priced at bottom of range
b Morgan Stanley Feels Cautious on Caterpillar Ahead of 1Q14 Earnings
b Congrats To The Administration On A Baby Step Towards A Rational Oil Policy
e LeBron James set for Apatow comedy
t Boating while intoxicated – think again. Operation Dry Water is on!
e Remembering Star Mickey Rooney
t Deep-sea octopus keeps record-breaking four and a half year vigil over her eggs
e VIDEO: Mila Kunis officially confirms baby on board
t The world is not enough: Facebook buys into virtual reality with the Oculus Rift
t eBay instructs users to change their passwords following database cyber attack
m Ebola zone countries isolated as airlines stop flights (Update)
t OkCupid defends its relationship manipulations
b New Ford CEO gets $5.25M pay package, options
m MERS patient could go back home soon
b Freight Forwarders Vietnam Fears
e Melissa McCarthy And Husband Ben Falcone Share Intimate Moment On GQ's  ...
b China paper supports 'non-peaceful' steps against PH, Vietnam
e 'Sharknado 2: The Second One' premieres tonight: Watch a preview
b Unions behind McDonald's protest
t iPhone 6 Design Compared To Galaxy S5, HTC One M8 And More (Video)
e 'Bachelorette' contestant death: Eric Hill dead following paragliding accident
e Just Add Water: Powdered Alcohol Approved by the US Government
b Why Groupon Inc (NASDAQ:GRPN) Spikes on Priceline Deal, with TW Telecom  ...
m HIV-prevention program kicks off in Cambodia
b Orchestrating Alstom follows long French tradition - WNCN: News, Weather
t Japan Whale Hunt Set To Begin With Smaller Catch Target
b Create a QR Code Badge for Your BBM Channel
e The Voice Crown a Winner
e Transformers: Age of Extinction (PG-13)
e Interview: 'Neighbors' Star Seth Rogen Talks Making It Relatable, Improv With  ...
b Aegis Ashore System Fires SM-3 Missile at Target During MDA-Navy Flight Test
e Yahoo! to take on Netflix with fresh online content push
t Gadget Watch: Samsung Galaxy Tab S, with 10.5inch Super AMOLED display
e No More "Game Of Thrones" Trailers, But Have Some Behind-The-Scenes  ...
e Aidan from Sex and the City is back for My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2
e Bradley Cooper as Indiana Jones? Let's whip together a short list of potential  ...
e 'Castle' season finale 'For Better or Worse' Airing Tonight on ABC (spoilers)
e The latest Spider-Man film offers a fresh perspective on the superhero
b Target Asks Customers to Keep Guns Out of Stores
t Ralph Lauren Polo Tech shirt reads wearer's biological and physiological info
t Garmin's Viago App Packs A Lot Of Functionality Into One Place
e '24: Live Another Day' promo: Jack Bauer gets tattoos, tries to prevent a world war
e Melissa McCarthy's formula wears thin in 'Tammy'
e Selena Gomez 'Sick of Justin Bieber, Wants Older Man'
b Gazprom's Well-Matched Marriage With China Has Been a Long Time in the  ...
t Google Inc. (GOOG) Might Get into Privacy-Related Problems with Dropcam  ...
t Think Samsung's Fingerprint Scanner Is Foolproof? Think Again.
e Kim Kardashian Baby Number 2: E! Star Wants to Get Pregnant 'Right After  ...
b Inflation: Less triumphalism please, the cost of living crisis is far from over
b Robust factory data, M&A fever help Europe stocks extend rally
e 5 Seconds Of Summer Tour Dates - 'Rock Out With Your Socks Out' Concerts To  ...
b Critics of Time Warner Cable Deal Turn up Volume
e Bieber apologises for 'reckless and immature' racist joke
t Watch Dogs PS4 Review: Points Of Authority
e 'Spider-Man 2' tops box office with $92M
b German investor morale drops to lowest in one-and-a-half years in July
e Adele Teases Potential New Album on Twitter
t Global device sales shifting to mobile: survey
b Why Alibaba Needs Profits to Go Public in the U.S. and American Companies Don't
t Review: Price and Specification Comparison of HTC One Mini and Sony Xperia  ...
t 'Pinnochio Rex' had one of the biggest schnozzes of the Late Cretaceous
e Robert De Niro has made a documentary about his late father
t UPDATE 2-US court voids man's conviction for hacking celebrities' iPads
e Lana Del Rey Is Officially Single
t Wow! Tesla's Elon Musk Announces "All Our Patent Are Belong to You"
e National Record Day 2014 Pop Recommendations
t Facebook app to kill off messaging, will force you to download a new app
t Freedom to Search
b Attorney General Kamala D. Harris Announces $550 Million Joint State-Federal  ...
b Bank of Ireland Falls as Moody's Sees Credit Risks: Dublin Mover
t Amazon launches Amazon Dash
m Mass. Health Coverage Law Linked To Lower Mortality Rate
t MYSTERY: NASA Captures Strange Bright Light on Mars
e AllCast Android app brings screen-mirroring to Amazon Fire TV
t OKCupid Blocks Firefox After Mozilla Promotes Anti-Gay CEO
e The Doc Option: Watch the Old "Deliver Us from Evil" Instead of the New One
t Google's Self-Driving Car Project Takes On City Streets | News
e Massachusetts mom: 3-year-old daughter forced to urinate in seat on JetBlue  ...
b Stock Beat: Burger King Worldwide Inc (NYSE:BKW), Tim Hortons Inc. (TSE:THI  ...
b Carney: Bank's 2% inflation target became 'dangerous distraction'
e Stars: Let's empower young women -- ban bossy
t The LG G3 Will Be Releasing On At Least Two UK Carriers And One UK Retailer
m “largest geographical spread”
m Kaiser Permanente Statement Regarding Pharmacy Guild Negotiations
b BMW to build $1 bn plant in Mexico
e Stocks mixed in late afternoon trading
t Dr. Dre Will NOT Be A Billionaire After The Sale Of Beats
e Colin Firth think he's too good to voice Paddington Bear
m ADHD stimulant drug use in college: Is it a form a cheating?
b AOL revenue boosted by ad-network growth
e Has Justin Bieber Just Confirmed His Rebooted Romance With Selena Gomez?
b China: Official Manufacturing PMI Improves Slightly But Too Early To Call The  ...
e Actor-comedian Tracy Morgan upgraded to fair condition after crash
m Prevalence of Autism Increases
e Beyoncé Named World's Most Powerful Celebrity By Forbes
e Post BET Awards Party at LA Nightclub Ends in Shooting
t HTC One M8 Ace release date, price, specs, photos: Plastic phone offers M8  ...
m Colorado school says girl who shaved head for pal with cancer can stay, despite  ...
m Got a rash? iPad, other devices may be the cause
b Top Star Attending Ceremony With Titus O'Neil, Batista, Big Names In LA For  ...
e 'Jurassic Park' Actor, 'Gandhi' Director Richard Attenborough Dies at 90
e Jerry Lewis cracks up Hollywood handprint event
e 'The Walking Dead' Season 4 Netflix Release Date Set for Fall 2014
t Global companies eye Google Glass
b Apply for an extension if you cannot make the April 15 tax deadline
b World Bank cuts Chinese growth outlook after 2014's 'bumpy start'
b US stocks rise as investors keep eye on Iraq
e Archie comic removed due to 'breach of content guidelines'
e CJ Harris American Idol “Whatever It Is” Video 4/23/14 #IdolTop6
b US suspects missing Malaysian plane flew on for hours: Report
e Recently Ousted Jill Abramson Delivers Commencement Speech
t Virgin Mobile Offers $5 Unlimited Data for [Your Favorite Social Media App]
b US drug giant Pfizer's promise to protect jobs after takeover of UK rival 'not worth  ...
e Avril Lavigne releases 'Hello Kitty' video
e 'Dancing with the Stars': Who takes home the mirror ball?
m Is measles cure far off for other cancer patients?
m Russia & Ukraine Blame Each Other for Plane Crash
t Apple registers strong results in Q2, here's what went in favour and what's in  ...
b RWE to stick with strategy despite 'forces pushing against coal'
b Amazon's tax affairs come under EU scrutiny
t Nokia Lumia mystery phone leaks with new camera
b NYC man's long-lost class ring turns up in Greece
t Microsoft Doubles Free OneDrive Storage, Office Subscribers Get 1 TB
b Mt. Gox finds forgotten wallet with 200000 bitcoins
e Watch! Charlie Sheen filmed drunk at Taco Bell: 'I'm so f---ing hammered'
m 'Staggering' finding: Device helps reverse paralysis
e Cody Walker Opens Up About His Brother Paul's Death -- And How He Plans to  ...
t Curiosity snaps beautiful pictures as it prepares to drill for evidence of life
e Here Are The Lawsuits Filed Against Terry Richardson 9 Years Ago
e Broadway's new 'Of Mice and Men' starry and stinging
b Burger King Worldwide Inc (BKW) and Tim Hortons Inc. (USA) (THI) Need Each  ...
e Harris sentence slammed as too lenient
e Jason Bateman, Charlie Day and Jason Sudeikis team-up in Horrible Bosses 2  ...
m Kentucky health officials await test results on potential cases of chkungunya virus
b Bank of America (BAC) Stock Rises After Federal Judge's Mortgage Case Ruling
t The nation in brief
t Apple Releases iOS 7.1 Update for iPad and iPhone
e Leonardo DiCaprio to Play Steve Jobs With Slumdog Millionaire's Danny Boyle  ...
m Almost 120 people overdose on synthetic drug over five days in Texas
e Viral Video: Weird Al's 'Tacky' spoofs Pharrell's 'Happy'
t Web giants fight FCC plans
t Dinosaurs Were 'In The Middle' Of Warm-Blooded And Cold-Blooded, Scientists  ...
e See the First Eight Minutes of “Veronica Mars” Movie Now!
t Live Coverage of the Arrival of Crew to ISS
e Diddy changes his name back to Puff Daddy, teases new single "Big Homie" with  ...
b European shares pause for breath
b Oil prices dip on Iraq crisis
e David Fincher Off Steve Jobs Shows Perils Of Tracking Board Journalism
t Why Does Twitter Look Like Facebook Now?
m Missouri Red Robin server diagnosed with hepatitis A
e Angelina Jolie plays Disney super-villain Maleficent
b About-face for ECB's Draghi as he seeks to jolt euro zone into life
b State Highlights: Colo. Targets Non-Compliant Plans; San Francisco Mental  ...
e Tyler, the Creator Posts Bail After Being Charged With Riot Misdemeanour
t Future iPhones could intelligently modify security settings based on location
t With Surface Pro, Microsoft Is Trying To Recreate The PC Market
t Sound the alarm! Wait, not so fast
e Christians commemorate Good Friday
e Amanda Bynes Is Sizzling In Her Cabo Bikini! See The Pic HERE!
m West African Villagers Fear Ebola Will Escape From The Grave
b Postal workers protest Staples deal
t Iliad linked with T-Mobile US bid – report
e 1 Killed, 5 Injured at Pre-BET Awards Parties in LA
e Garfield fan of Spider-Man outfit
b IMF chief Christine Lagarde put under investigation for negligence in corruption  ...
e Paltrow takes movie break to play mum
t NSA never used Heartbleed to spy, White House says
t In Britain, Apple's iPhones take Top Spots for May with Samsung's Galaxy S5 a  ...
b Alberta sees highest retail growth in Canada
e Captain America: The Winter Soldier: A primer on Marvel's latest
b Today's Best Stocks: Integrys Energy Group, Inc. (NYSE:TEG), Corinthian  ...
b Wastewater from energy extraction 'triggers US quake surge'
b BlackBerry sees light at the end of the earnings tunnel
m Measles vaccine appears to wipe out cancer cells in study
e A Royal Bachelorette: 'Princess Beatrice To Plan Mila Kunis' Hen Party'?
t Internet Explorer Flaw Puts Online Banking Sites at Risk
t Rumor Mill: Apple to start production of 4.7-inch iPhone screen in May
t Facebook Newswire Aims to Help Reporters
b What has changed one year after Rana Plaza
t OkCupid Experiment
e Game of Thrones recap: The naked truth
e Nova Scotians take the Ice Bucket Challenge
t Scientists Spot 'Godzilla of Earths'
t Five questions for Mary Barra on GM's recall
b Sbarro Files For (Another) Bankruptcy Protection
e Miley Cyrus Postpones U.S. Tour Until August Due To Allergic Reaction From  ...
m Mangoes Recalled In Five States Because Of Listeria Threat
b EUR/USD shrugs off below-consensus eurozone CPI inflation
e Kanye Rants About Nike, Louis Vuitton & Gucci… Again
t BMW Has Already Met With Tesla Over Electric Cars - Is There An Alliance In  ...
e Lawsuit looms over Led Zeppelin song
t Warm or cold blooded? Dinosaurs were somewhere in between
e Eve marries boyfriend Maximillion Cooper: 'We couldn't be happier'
e Quicksilver, Scarlet Witch and Hulkbuster Revealed in Avengers: Age of Ultron  ...
t 'Thefties' to help catch phone thieves
e Justin Bieber 'extorted for $1 MILLION' to prevent shocking racist video from  ...
t There's a New iMac That's $200 Cheaper
b Juniper's Revenue Tops Estimates as Carriers Increase Orders
e Justin Timberlake, Imagine Dragons Dominate Billboard Music Awards
t Developers 'asking for Xbox Early Access programme'
t Sony to launch PlayStation in China, taking on Microsoft
t Mars Yard Created to Help Test Future Red Planet Rovers
e Weekend box office: 'Neighbors' unseats Spidey to top box office
t 800000 Batteries in Baby Video Monitors Recalled
e 'Game of Thrones' Finale Caps Off a Season of Milestones (SPOILERS)
e Hayden Panettiere Reveals Her Baby's Gender at 2014 Emmys
b ATK Says It Will Spin Off Sporting Biz In $5B Orbital Deal
t Jeep's concepts for the Moab Easter Jeep Safari
e Barbara Walters Says Goodbye on the View
t Facebook Announces Nearby Friends Feature
m Ticks are Still Abundant, Despite Cold Weather
e AP PHOTOS: Marking Jesus' journey on Good Friday
b Amazon Prime wins HBO deal
b Ali Rowghani, Twitter's COO, resigns after months of watching his  ...
t Self-Driving Cars To Be Allowed On UK's Public Roads In 2015
b PetSmart, Petco to stop selling pet treats made in China
b VC Firm Kleiner Lines Up To Invest In Snapchat, Now Estimated At An Insane  ...
e Ariana Grande To Perform At The 2014 MTV Video Music Awards
b Insurers to House GOP: Obamacare enrollment volatile, but higher than your 67  ...
b CNN: It's not looking good for Target
e Weekend Box Office: 'Rio 2' Flies High but Falls to 'Winter Soldier'; 'Draft Day  ...
t VIDEO: Apple CEO Tim Cook Blasts New Book On Company As “Nonsense”
b NY judge sentences SAC Capital in $1.8 billion fraud deal
e Rick Ross – Rich Is Gangster (Visual Impression) | Video
t 'Chicken from hell' named
e Martin Freeman: Why the Coen Brothers' movie Fargo works as a TV series
e Jimmy Scott, Jazz Singer Who Appeared on 'Twin Peaks,' Dies at 88
b 2015 Toyota Camry Refresh Shown in New York
e Palo Alto Review
e Browns QB Johnny Manziel parties with Justin Bieber, Floyd Mayweather, Tyrese
b Former Anglo Irish Bank CEO found not guilty on fraud charges
e Miranda Kerr: I'm dating and loving it
t Net neutrality warning
t New NASA Video Shows a Massive Sun Explosion Like Never Before
b Credit Suisse sees little business impact from US penalties
b Toxic tap water spurs panic buying in China city
b Alibaba Files IPO in the US -- 5th Update
b Facebook reports booming Q1 financials, with mobile ad revenue up strongly
b Gold prices decline
e 10 Things to Know for Tuesday
m Health Line: Adults With Autism Need Support, Too
b Natco Pharma shares plunge as US SC agrees to hear Teva appeal
b Reuters: Russians' Cypriot haven undisturbed by sanctions, tensions
t General Motors recalls 474000 best selling sedans
b Action camera maker GoPro reports bigger loss as costs double
e Turkey's 'Winter Sleep' takes top prize at Cannes
e Jessie J, Ariana Grande and Nicki Minaj premiere raunchy Bang Bang music  ...
m East Anglia: Cancer charity claims explosion of package holidays to Europe in  ...
t Xbox One loses its 1.3 billion player advantage as PS4 heads to China
t Report: Google to join fitness aggregator trend with Google Fit
t Apple vs. Samsung trial continues
e Justin Bieber In New Race Row As Fresh Footage Of Singer 'Joking About  ...
e Death elsewhere
e Who Won The Battle Rounds On The Voice USA 2014 Last Night? Night 2
t Netflix to Al Franken: Comcast takeover would harm consumers
e Let the showing off begin! Kourtney and Khloe Kardashian wear tight-fitting  ...
e Venice Film Festival
t Dating site protests Mozilla CEO's anti-gay-marriage support
t Time Warner Cable Begins Major Internet Speed Increases in Los Angeles and  ...
e Emma Stone helps out Andrew Garfield on 'SNL'
t Japan's Antarctic whaling program temporarily halted by International Court
e Twilight star Robert Pattinson reveals that he is 'homeless'
b US economy contracts a steep 2.9% in first quarter
b American Apparel: A Company Walking On Egg Shells (APP)
t Microsoft to take down cybercrime rings in Kuwait & Algeria
t Dangers that threaten British forests
e Mad Men Premiere: Don Draper—in the Passenger Seat?!
t Honda, Mazda, Nissan issue recalls over exploding airbags
e 'Dance Mom's Abby Lee Miller Guest Judges on DANCING WITH THE STARS  ...
t ADDING MULTIMEDIA Ford Transit Skyliner Concept Is a Private Jet on Wheels
b US STOCKS-Wall St to open flat ahead of new home sales data
t AOL investigates cyber attack, says user data compromised
t Here's how the 'ISSpresso' machine will serve astronauts fresh hot coffee in  ...
b Nollywood pushes Nigeria to become largest economy in Africa
e Peaches Geldof's death unexplained and sudden!
b South Korea stocks retreat from 5-1/2 month high, won firms
t 2015 Chevrolet Corvette Z06 Convertible: All The Speed, No Penalties
t Music on a stick: Rdio support comes to Chromecast
b ECB easing bets push Euro to 3-month low
e Justin Bieber Hangs Out With Aussie Model Shanina Shaik, Says "Don't Even  ...
b IMF needs more action on global recovery
e Tribeca Interactive Music Film Challenge Winners Unveil Three Music Videos  ...
e Former 'GMA' Host Joan Lunden Reveals Breast Cancer Diagnosis
e Kim Kardashian on strict exercise regime before wedding
b Indian money in Swiss banks rise to over Rs. 14000 cr.
t Details on Heartbleed bug, what the enterprise can do
e Kim and Kanye secretly got married - report
t Samsung is Working on a Galaxy-Branded Virtual Reality Headset
b Flipkart to acquire Myntra stake in potential Rs 2000 cr deal
m Google Searching To Define Optimum Human Health By Analyzing Medical  ...
m 'Unsustainable for Our Country': Express Scripts Calls Out Pricey Meds
t NHTSA Investigating 1.2M Chrysler Units for Ignition Problems
m Blood Drive to take place in Manton
t Mars rover sets record for off-world travel
m Wal-Mart Recalls 174000 Baby Dolls Over Burn Risk — Check The Toy Box Now!
e Some city leaders want to shut down Ultra Music Festival
b Bayonne Times Edition front and back page news: Monday, April 14, 2014
b Stimulus Exit No Easy Job, Says Bank of England's Bean
b Is tech sell-off a quick-passing storm or glimmer of gloom looming on stock  ...
m Solvents linked to memory and thinking problems
t Amazon Streaming Rumors Heat Up
e American Idol Recap: Movie Night
b Former SAC, Och-Ziff Manager Said to Consider Hedge Fund
m Saturated fat role in heart disease again questioned: What diet works?
e 'Transcendence' disappoints
e MTV Movie Awards: Times Square Is Toast in 'Amazing Spider-Man 2' Preview  ...
b Emerging Economies Holding Back Global Recovery, Think Tank OECD Warns
m Schumacher's Medical Records Stolen And 'Offered For Sale'
t Space station launch Monday despite dead computer (Update)
e Olivia Palermo's representative denies secret marriage reports
e the 2014 Gay Pride March in pics (NSFW)
b Nollywood, telecoms help make Nigerian economy Africa's largest
b First Solar Sells Macho Springs Solar Project For Undisclosed Terms
e Briefs: Adore Delano is “DTF,” Adam Carolla Is Afraid Of The Gay Mafia, And The  ...
e The Interview Rattles North Korea, Demands US Government Action
e Jennifer Esposito Addresses Speculation Over Branding Ex-Husband Bradley  ...
b Hilton branches out with Curio hotels
e Brad Pitt and David Michod to tell Gen. Stanley McChrystal's Afghan Story
t 'Heartbleed'-bug threat spreads to firewalls and beyond
b UPDATE 5-Litigation costs hit Bank of America's quarterly profit
e Michael Jackson, Justin Timberlake own Billboard Music Awards
b Obama to name former Proctor & Gamble head to lead VA
e Bild Follow Kate Middleton, Duchess Of Cambridge, Bottom Picture With Cheeky  ...
e This is the First Trailer For Brad Pitt's Epic New War Movie
t VIDEO: Images Of Rumored Amazon Smartphone Leaked
b American Apparel rejected Charney's request for meeting
e Katherine Heigl Is Suing Duane Reade Over Paparazzi Photo & Tweet
e Macklemore Is Trying Really Hard To Make Sure Everyone Hates Him
t House committee seeks GM, NHTSA recall documents
m Rare set of twins in Ohio born holding hands
e 'Neighbors' to crash 'Spider-Man' sequel's box-office party
t Homeland Security: Dont use IE due to bug
e The First Official Trailer for David Fincher's Gone Girl is Here
e Video: Kerrie Hayes in disbelief over Bafta nod
e Rain Doesn't Dampen Party At Day 2 Of Ultra Music Fest
m Student Goes Blind: a Reminder Why We Change Our Contacts
t Earth hour kicks off out east
t Apple shares soar on increased buyback
b Forex - EUR/SGD, EUR/USD Flows: EUR sold on ECB Draghi, Coeure, Noyer  ...
m Study: Baby safety gates aren't always safe
e Looking ahead to Season 5 with the cast of 'The Walking Dead'
b Trending today: Burger King sells 'Proud Whopper'; woman pays young mom's  ...
b Walmart Had A Pretty Bad First Quarter, Thanks To Awful Weather
t Microsoft offers users 15 GB free cloud storage on OneDrive
b BitBeat: Who Won the FBI's Bitcoin Auction?
b Barnes & Noble looks to spin out its Nook e-reader business
t Twitter says government requests for user data grew sharply in past 6 months  ...
e 'Mad Men' final season will stretch over two years
m Migraine 'Headband' Helps Prevent The Debilitating Headaches
e Rob Kardashian's ex-girlfriend Adrienne Bailon fires back at Kim and Khloe  ...
t Meteor shower Camelopardalid disappointing. Better tonight? (+video)
e 5 things about Cinco De Mayo
e Anna Kendrick Sings Her 'SNL' Monologue to Tune of 'Belle' - WATCH NOW!
e After Bill Murray crashes stag do: More celebrities surprising strangers at parties  ...
b Mid-Day Report: Dollar Extends Rebound as Retail Sales Beat Forecasts
t Meet The Dinosaur Called 'The Chicken From Hell'
m Girl's shaved head draws national furor at Grand Junction school
b Colorado collects $2M in recreational pot taxes - WBOC-TV 16, Delmarvas News  ...
b American Apparel fires Dov Charney as chairman
e Top 5 memorable MTV Video Music Awards moments you HAVE to see [VIDEO]
m Americans are likelier to die due to pregnancy complications than Russians
t China bans Windows 8 from govt computers
e Blues star Johnny Winter dies at 70
b Alibaba files for IPO in US
e Producer backs Britney Spears over leaked studio session
m Two firms recall walnuts, hummus for possible listeria
b Nokia posts loss on lower mobile sales
e George Clooney Had Amal Alamuddin Sign A Prenuptial Agreement?
t Cloned iPhone 6 Appears On Video
b Covidien plc Rating Lowered to Market Perform at JMP Securities (COV)
b Here's Why Twitter Is Surging In One Chart
b VMware Profit, Sales Gain but Margins Shrink
e Solange Knowles attacks Jay Z in lift after Met Gala
b Madoff Associates Found Guilty of Fraud
b Exxon profit surges, stock tanks
b Kleiner to invest in messaging startup Snapchat at near-$10 bln valuation
e Powdered alcohol--'Palcohol'--headed to US liquor stores
e Amber Heard strips to lacy underwear in sexy photoshoot and talks engagement  ...
e Macklemore apologizes for upsetting costume
b New-home sales up 6.4% in April
e The Kardashian Family Returns to the US, As Kim and Kanye Honeymoon in  ...
e Chelsea Handler Plans to End Her E! Talk Show
e Kristen Bell, Jenna Dewan Tatum and More Strip Down for Allure's Annual  ...
b MARKET SNAPSHOT: Stocks Rebound On Retail Sales, Citi Results
e Kris Jenner : Star posts sexy red bikini photo
t 'World's biggest dinosaur' found in Patagonia
e 'A Gentleman's Guide to Love and Murder' leads Tony nominations
e Pat Sajak's Global Warming Tweet -- I Was JUST JOKING!
b Michigan Gasoline Prices Rise
e Netflix Orders 'Magic School Bus' Update
e Transformers: Age Of Extinction concept art offers a peak at the evolution of the  ...
b Charney to fight ousting from American Apparel
b Credit Suisse Net Falls 34% on Lower Investment Bank Profit (2)
m Shares of Intuitive jump on FDA approval of new surgical robot
t NASA's Mars rover breaks off-Earth roving record
e Jack White records and releases vinyl in hours
t Google quietly announces a spec bump to Glass
t Apple to replace faulty iPhone 5 batteries for free
t White House Unveils Bee Plan, Creates Strategy To Restore Pollinator  ...
b GM recalls another 3.4m cars for ignition problem
t Apple, Samsung set to renew patent battle
e Mila Kunis: “Stop Saying We're Pregnant”
e 24 Frames: Female Comedy Stars
b Massachusetts gives up on its faulty health exchange website in face of  ...
e Led Zeppelin is Officially Getting Sued Over 'Stairway to Heaven'
t Samsung unveils Galaxy K Zoom with advanced camera for social media users
m CDC: MERS virus spreads in US, but 2nd man didn't get sick
b Colin Kaepernick Twitter: 49ers QB denies sexual assault allegations via social  ...
t Destiny alpha preview: You got MMO in my shooter
m Duke hospital takes No. 14 spot in national hospital ranking
t AT&T claims common carrier rules would ruin the whole Internet
e US Airways apologizes for accidental pornographic tweet
e Star Wars Episode 7: Everything you need to know
m Vaccines have low risk of serious side effects: study
e Metallica blows the roof off Glastonbury
t Could giant oceans under the surface of Pluto's moon harbour alien life? Giant  ...
b Best Buy Co Inc Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.17 (BBY)
e JK Rowling Releases New Harry Potter Short Story
b Consumer Inflation in Dubai Climbs 2.76% in May
b Ukraine in talks with IMF for $15-20 billion loan package - finance minister
t Snag delays Space Station arrival
e Three Arrested For Disorderly Conduct Outside Taylor Swift Mansion
e Gabriel Garcia Marquez, RIP
b Flight 370 search resumes; families in limbo
t Tibetan Women Attacked, Beaten at Anti-Mine Rally
b Someone Just Paid $2.1 Billion Cash for Red Lobster
t Microsoft launches new Surface tablet
t Check Out Valve's Polka-Dotted VR Headset
t Scientists unveil dinosaur dubbed the 'chicken from hell'
m New Minnesota Medical Cannabis Law Protects Employees From Discrimination  ...
m Researchers: Blood test may be able to predict Alzheimer's
e 'Batman vs. Superman: Dawn of Justice': 1st Official Pic of Superman Revealed
t Hyundai ix35 Fuel Cell: Preview drive
b GM recalling 2.59 million more vehicles worldwide
t Support for Windows XP ends; Windows 8.1 Update begins
t Warmer temperatures can lead to warmer tempers, UN report to say
e Shia LaBeouf chased homeless man before arrest
m Teens are smoking less but texting more
b Yen Extends Rise After Kuroda's Comments
e Shaquille O'Neal investigated in alleged assault
e Corey Haim - Corey Haim's Childhood Mixtape Inspired Jenny Lewis To Launch  ...
b US Patent and Trademark Office moves to cancel Washington Redskins  ...
e Peaches Geldof dies aged 25
m Hummus Sold in Ohio Recalled Due to Listeria Contamination
b UPDATE 5-IBM's quarterly revenue sinks to 5-year low as hardware sales fall
m Caps on Wrongful Death Medical Malpractice Damages Declared  ...
t China calls for 'severe punishment' for 'of US govt pawn' Apple
e Hugh Jackman uses public transport too: X-Men star hops on the train to TV  ...
b Chipotle profit rises on stronger sales, traffic
b Malaysia failing credibility test as flight confusion deepens
m Canadian man tests negative for Ebola amid outbreak fears
t Tesla Prepares Site Near Reno, But Still Evaluating Other Factor - KTVN  ...
e Hey Kimye? Get Over Yourselves!
e Seth Rogen & Judd Apatow Blast Film Critic For Relating Their Work To Santa  ...
t T-Mobile added bogus charges to bills
b High-Speed Traders Rip Investors Off, Michael Lewis Says
b Amazon Buys Comixology: What Changes Can Digital Comic Book Fans Expect  ...
t NHTSA Has 107 Questions About GM Faulty Ignition Switch Recall
t Google 'could put adverts on car dashboards, refrigerators and more'
m Stark drops to the middle of the pack in health rankings
e Variety is spice of Rudolph's TV special
e Lindsay Lohan - Dina Lohan pleads guilty to DWI
t Is YouTube Eyeing Twitch? Set to Acquire for $1B: Report
m Many headache patients undergo unnecessary brain scans
e Local churches announce Easter services, activities
m Sound Off for May 22nd: Would you support taxing cheap, unhealthy foods to  ...
t Microsoft CEO says company will cut 18000 jobs in the next year
b New floating objects seen, but still no evidence of lost jet
e Floyd Mayweather Explains Root Of TI Altercation
t Quick Note: LG G3 Smartphone and G Watch to Hit AT&T Stores on July 11
b MAC: China should address Hong Kong people's call for suffrage
b Alstom board agrees to £10bn GE offer
e Fargo Finale Recap: Can A Disappointing Ending Taint An Entire Season?
m Ebola Outbreak Leaves 70 Dead in Guinea, Senegal Closes Its Border
t GM's tough call: How to pay recall victims
t Amazon smartphone pictured
t Google and Viacom Settle Copyright-Infringement Lawsuit over YouTube
t China rebuffs Canada for 'irresponsible' hacking claims
e Ginnifer Goodwin, Josh Dallas Get Hitched
t Dinosaurs were neither cold-blooded nor warm-blooded, study finds
e Review: 'Guardians of the Galaxy' delivers summer's best movie yet
e MOVIE REVIEW: 'Oculus' scores scares with smoke and mirrors
e Tom Daley's lover Dustin Lance Black to be witness in Hollywood rape case  ...
b Mario Draghi Needs to Be Super Again to Prevent Deflation
t Watch This Meteor Shower As It Peaks Tonight
b GM Defeats Consumer Court Bid to Force Recall Cars to Be Parked
t Was Phantom Dust & Crackdown 3 enough?
e London Return of Cats Will Get Rap Update
m Govt 'may have wasted millions' on stockpiling Tamiflu
e Embattled 'X-Men' Director Drops Out of Biden-Led Creativity Conference
b JPMorgan shares fall after Dimon's disclosure of cancer
e HBO strikes deal with Amazon to stream shows
m ICU patient accused of selling heroin at hospital
m Our Expensive, Pathetic Health Care
b UK Consumer Price Inflation, March 2014
b GBP/USD eyeing now 1.6720 price zone - FXStreet
t The Tesla Model S: Now With Road Debris-Crushing Titanium!
b FOREX -Dollar loses ground on escalation of Russia/Ukraine tensions
e Billy Dee leaves 'Dancing' on doctor's orders
e 'Mad Men' Season 7, Episode 6: 'The Strategy'
b NCBA Concerned with Bilateral Trade Agreement Between Japan & Australia
t Intel to let you print your own custom robot at home
e Andi Dorfman picks season 10 winner of Bachelorette 2014
t White House denies report that NSA has been using Heartbleed to spy
b AUD/USD update (16th July 2014, 11:30)
t Japan banned from Antarctic whaling, killed 3600 minke whales
m Cruise Ship with Sick Passengers Sails Into San Diego Bay
m Gov't approves study of marijuana smoking to treat PTSD in military veterans
e 'Godzilla' Destroys Jon Hamm and Everything Else This Weekend
e This Is What Maggie Q's 'Divergent' Dress Would Look Like With Underwear
t No surprise as Samsung gives Gear 2 $295 price tag, a whole $5 cheaper than  ...
t Google wants to put Glass to work for businesses
e Maisie Williams wears comic book cocktail dress to Comic-Con
e Comic-Con 2014: Guardians of the Galaxy 2 Announced and Dated
b E-Drive: Tesla Model S
b Subway to remove of yoga mat chemical in its bread
e Jonah Hill snaps at paparazzo with anti-gay slur during LA stroll
b State water regulators increase drought authority
e One Direction - One Direction Continue To Dominate Kids' Choice Awards
b RBI retains key rates: What experts say
e 'Palcohol,' Powdered Alcohol, Gets Thumbs Up from Federal Regulators
e 'How I Met Your Mother' ends a legendary run
m 25 minutes of mindfulness meditation can be best stress buster
t 1. Apple Set For Deal With Beats Electronics
e 'The Bachelor' Winner Spoilers: Juan Pablo Picks Nikki, But Do They Stay  ...
b US Weekly Jobless Claims Edge Down To 312000
b Stocks rise on upbeat US data, euro falls
e Jared Leto Rumored To Be Up For Doctor Strange Role
b Could be fast linkup for AT&T, DirecTV
e Full, Extended 'Gotham' Trailer, the Batman-Inspired TV Show
b Dollar Wobbles Despite Hawkish Fed Remarks
t A brand new meteor shower tonight? How to see it online
e Jennifer Lawrence Jokes About Being Pregnant, Admits To Ignoring Boyfriend  ...
b GM Issues New Recall
t Gasoline prices inch up in Pittsburgh region
t LG G Watch and Samsung Gear Live coming to India for Rs 14999 and Rs 15900
b Ten global consequences of the Ukraine crisis
b Oil price above US$102 on signs of stronger US economic growth
m Does Bite-Size Food Affect Children's Mealtime Behavior?
e Peninsula congregations join for Easter
e 'True Detective' Creator Spills Major Season 2 Secrets
e Don't mention my age: Jennifer Aniston
e 'Clamp snapped' in circus accident
e Could Former Polk Resident Win 'Voice' This Week?
b ONS Recommends UK Census Moves Online
e Justin Bieber Not Charged For Allegedly Attempting To Rob Women's Cell Phone
e 11 things to know before you head to the Hangout Music Festival
e Watch a Towson Grad Make History by Destroying the 'American Ninja Warrior  ...
m USDA overhauls 50 year-old poultry inspections to improve food safety, increase  ...
m Dr. Oz Under Fire For Recommending 'bogus' Weight Loss Products
e While We Wait To Hear Who Will Take Over Ant-Man Marvel Has Picked A  ...
b Europe's cabbies demand clampdown on Uber, but EU chiefs praise US ride  ...
b Barclays says 'significant' drop in first-quarter fixed income
m Diet higher in protein may be linked to lower risk of stroke
e 'Bachelorette' Contestant Dies After Paragliding Accident
b Boeing to make longest 787-10 Dreamliner exclusively in South Carolina
e Prince George takes first steps
e Racy Pictures of Demi Lovato Surface After Wilmer Valderrama's Twitter Is Hacked
e Former 'GMA' host Lunden has breast cancer (w/video)
b Chinese GDP 7.4% vs. 7.3% forecast
m Cruise ship with sick passengers arrives in Santa Barbara
t Sony warns of battery fire risk in Vaio PCs launched in February
b OEDC backs Osbourne as 100000 jobs are being created every month
b Euro Falls to 3-Month Low as German Confidence Drops; Krona Down
t All eyes on Mars as it comes closest to Earth
b Pfizer Executives Say AstraZeneca Merger Could Improve R&D
m Older sperm donors 'just as good' as younger men for IVF success
e Actor James Rebhorn writes his own final tribute
t Android 5.0 L In Action On The Nexus 5 (Video)
t Deadline for Windows 8.1 update extended till June 12
b Valeant, Ackman jointly bid $47 billion for Botox company
e Steal Her Weekend Look: Emma Stone's Day to Night Ensembles
b Rejecting Clichés About the American Economy
e Freddie Prinze Jr. says Kiefer Sutherland is "the most unprofessional" person  ...
b Fernandez Court Rebuff Gives Argentina Two-Week Deadline
t Apple's New Patent Could Save You From Walking into People While Texting
b LNG official says no need to build pipeline
e 'Field of Dreams' celebrates 25th anniversary at Iowa movie site
e N. Korea slams comedy about assassination of Kim, calls US to ban the film
b Your guide to navigating confusing airline fees
b Factory sector expands at slightly faster pace in May as orders climb
b Transfer of Syrian chemical weapons begins
e A Grease LIVE Special Event Is Coming To Fox In 2015! But WHO Will Play  ...
t Apple unveils minor bumps to MacBook Pro laptops
t Mayors vote against Internet 'fast lanes'
e NPH, At Last! See How I Met Your Mother Stars Neil Patrick Harris and Jason  ...
t Condoleezza Rice joins Dropbox as firm unveils Carousel photo sharing service
t BlackBerry looks to fight back with smartphone for Indonesian market
t GM's immunity in recall questioned
m Air traffic controllers working exhausting schedules, report finds
b Facebook sales and profit blow away estimates
e Pharrell Wants Hillary Clinton To Be the Next President, Is Clearly A Feminist
e Michael Keaton takes flight in Birdman at Venice
e 22 Jump Street
m Missed Opportunities and the Consequences of State Decisions Not to Expand  ...
b ADP: Payrolls Perk Up Again In April
t World weather body warns of extreme weather due to climate change
e Michelle Obama Looks Stunning At Met Fashion Wing Opening
b UPDATE 2-Holcim, Lafarge agree merger to create cement giant
b Analyst: Fall Of Baghdad Would Make Current Gas Prices 'Look Like A Bargain'
t Despite emissions growth, cost of fighting climate change still 'modest,' UN panel  ...
t Open Wide, 'Friends': Facebook Wants to Give You a 'Privacy Checkup'
b Two more recalls push GM total to 4.8M in a month
b Top 4 Business Stories of the Day May 08, 2014
e Constitutional crisis for Julia
m Obesity major cause for increased breast cancer death
t Apple asks US court to make Samsung remove infringing features
b on rogue employee trading
b Tax Day Also Final Day For Covered California Enrollment
t Apple sued over disappearing 'iMessage' texts, plus more
e Man of Steel 2: Will Superman Get a Raw Deal in Sequel as Batman Gets Top  ...
t Democrats pitch long-shot bid for FCC ban on prioritization deals
e New episodes of The Magic School Bus are coming to Netflix in 2016
e Jimmy's Hall at the Cannes Film Festival
b Postal workers protest Staples store counters
b Marchionne's $67 Billion Strategy for Fiat Chrysler Boiled Down to Five Key Points
t Western Antarctic ice sheet collapse has already begun, scientists warn
t Killer iOS 8 feature will turn your iPhone into a game controller for iPad and Mac
e WATCH: GOTHAM – FOX's new show about the city, pre-Batman
e Kourtney Kardashian pregnant with third baby?
b Ford profit sinks 39% on weaker North American results
b Tax-return deadline nears, but don't fret just yet
t What Mark Zuckerberg said after acquiring Instagram
e Watch a Seriously Futuristic Clip From 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' (VIDEO)
e Amazon reaches deal with HBO to stream some of its retired series
t Mercedes-Benz, BMW Issue Recalls
b Japan, Australia reach free-trade pact
e Record Store Day 2014: New digs for digging
t Microsoft reportedly planning big round of layoffs
t My.com Launches @my.com - The Mobile-Only Email Service
t Netflix's Hastings makes a case for stronger net neutrality policy
t Facebook Inc (FB) Is Building Drones To Deliver Internet
e NYC mayor sings "I Love LA" on Jimmy Kimmel
t Know What to Expect from Xbox One April Update, Previews Rolling Out Soon
b BMW expands US plant's capacity by 50 percent, Confirms X7 crossover
e Jessie's Two AMAZING Guest Artists Are... Ariana Grande And Nicki Minaj  ...
t BatteryBox Offers New Lease Of Life For Drained Devices
e Tel Avid Tourism gets “massive” for Gay Pride Week
b Glencore Adds To Africa Portfolio With Caracal Energy Buy
t Ok Google hotword will now work everywhere in Android, including apps and  ...
t BlackBerry Posts Loss in Q4 But Beats Street
b Allergan Rejects $47bn Offer From Valeant Pharmaceuticals
t California Senate approves smartphone 'kill-switch' bill
e New MALEFICENT Featurette Released; "This Is Maleficent"
e Ann B. Davis, Alice of “The Brady Bunch,” dead at 88
b RECAP: Yellen defends current Fed policy
t How to Ship a T. Rex Across the Country
t Nexus 5 vs. Samsung Galaxy S4 – Comparison of Specs and Features
e 'Rio 2' review: Sequel takes familiar flight path
t Hackers use heartbleed to attack 'major corporation'
e All Garth Brooks concerts cancelled
b A guide through the complexities of 401(k) fees
e Maleficent Review
b Nearly all major US banks pass new round of 'stress tests'
e Hugh Jackman Cancer
m FDA Warns Against Uterine Fibroid Treatment
b Sisi slashes fuel subsidies in risky move
b Mortgage Interest Rates at Capital One on March 12, 2014
e 'Dancing With The Stars' week 9 elimination - Find out who went home (Spoilers)
b Best Selling Economics Writer Piketty Defends His Data After Paper's Criticism  ...
e Mickey Rooney's daughter speaks about the legendary actor's life
m Landmark Clinical Trial Proves Physical Activity Prevents Loss of Mobility in  ...
e Didn't leave my apartment for a few weeks after filming 'Noah': Emma Watson
e Kate O'Mara dies: Former 'Dynasty' actress was 74
e Harrison Ford - Harrison Ford to miss eight weeks of filming
b European shares hit by shift to Fed rate guidance
m Cincinnati Children's to rebuild boy's throat using his rib (Video)
b Google Stock Plummets on Earnings
e George Lucas chooses Chicago as site of his museum
t Windows Phone 9 Preview Coming Mid 2015
e It's A Party! Selena Gomez Reunites With Vanessa Hudgens And Ashley Benson  ...
t Google Begins Removing Search Results Over “Right To Be Forgotten” Demands
b NY Fed Study Says Government Backstop Increases Bank Risk Appetite
b NTSB: Over-reliance on automated controls led to crash of Asiana Flight 214
e Chris Colfer Tweets He's Been Let Go From Glee Due To 'Personal Issues'
m Nestle recalls ice cream due to mismatched labels, undisclosed peanuts
t Cloud Storage Price Comparison
t Xbox One July 2014 Firmware Detailed: Snap Mode For Achievements, Like  ...
e Angelina Jolie honoured by Queen Elizabeth II
b USPS Workers Protest In Pekin Thursday
e Tori Spelling- Dean McDermott Sex Life to Come Out in Open on 'True Tori'
m CDC Boss Bemoans Liberia - 'Worst Ever Ebola Outbreak'
e Fifty Shades of Grey Trailer: Not Doing it For Serious BDSM Enthusiasts!
t Apple (AAPL) Settles $840M e-Book Case
b Will Home Depot Disappoint Wall Street When It Reports Earnings Tomorrow?
e Kraven the Hunter Hinted as 'Amazing Spider-Man 3' Villain by Director Marc  ...
e Colbert Replacement: Wilmore Diversifies Comedy Central with 'The Minority  ...
e Character actor James Rebhorn of Homeland fame dies at 65
b McDonald's Gives Out Free Coffee
e FSJ Councillor Dan Davies puts a twist on the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge
m Delayed umbical chord clamping improves iron level in newborns
e Five things you don't need to know but might want to, Cinco De Mayo edition
b Malaysian airlines plane carrying over 290 people shot down by a missile on  ...
m Headbanging could damage your (Motör)head
b JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon undergoes treatment for throat cancer
e 'Godzilla' tramples rivals with monster $93 mln debut
t EPIC FAIL, FACEBOOK: FTC complaint filed on creepy research
e Rolling Stones concert cancelled after L'Wren Scott found dead
e Jay Leno joins protesters outside Beverly Hills Hotel to denounce anti-gay  ...
b Kansas City Fed's Esther George See Signs of Higher Inflation
t China Confirms Targeting Microsoft for Anti-Trust Scrutiny - Reports
b Barclays sued by New York attorney general over alleged 'dark pool' fraud
e 'They're Both Very Happy': Ashton Kutcher and Mila Kunis Expecting Their First  ...
e 'Noah' Art Exhibit Shows Economic Clout of Faith-Based Features
b Public Transit Use In U.S. Is At a 57-Year High, Report Finds
t Internet Explorer Security Flaw: 4 Ways to Protect Yourself
e Stallone, Schwarzenegger revive old rivalry in Cannes
b Barclays To Lay Off 20000 Employees [Report]
t Tim Cook explains the motivation behind Beats acquisition
b Dollar Rebounds as Investor Risk Appetite Declines
e How Leslie Jones' 'SNL' skit could have been brilliant
e Aereo Confidently Optimistic After First Days Hearing
b In Health Care Debate More Cost Sharing May Not Be the Answer
e Kim and Kanye make the cover of Vogue
t AT&T unveils pricing, preorder info for Samsung devices
b Benzinga's Top Downgrades
b Supreme Court Fails to Rein in EPA
e Tony the Tiger voice actor dies aged 64
t Google I/O Kicks Off in San Francisco, Previews Android L Release
b Fed chair might push for stronger regulations
m Q: Is red wine good or bad for you? A: All things in moderation
b New York: Billionaire Chen Guangbiao's 'Lunch for Poor' Backfires When He  ...
e Even Lorde doesn't know howshe won top rock song at theBillboard Music Awards
e 1 dead, 5 injured at parties ahead of BET Awards in LA
e Clooney's ex weds
t Short Interest in Yahoo! Grows By 17.8% (YHOO)
b Gold price holds near 4-month low as ECB move on rates awaited
t Net neutrality fight moves to mobile phones
t Bigfoot hair samples came from bears, wolves, cows … and a human
m Blood Test Could Help Predict Alzheimer's Disease
t AT&T in negotiations to buy DirecTV for $48.5 billion
b US stocks open lower on weak Asian data
e Terry Richardson Dismisses Sexual Assault Allegations as More Women Reveal  ...
t Amazon Rumored to Launch a Free Video Streaming Service; Former Bank of  ...
t Sarah Slocum of Google Glass fame reportedly caught up in previous privacy fight
b Asian stocks rise, euro hit by Russia fear
t T-Mobile stock spikes after France's Iliad makes $15B buyout offer
m To End The War On Drugs – A Guide For Politicians, The Press and Public
m Neurologist Accused of Having Sex With Patient
e Chris Hemsworth, Elsa Pataky welcome twin boys
t Motorola's leaky website reveals completely new Android smartphones
m Brain Eating Amoeba Infection Kills Girl
t Mozilla CEO resigns following anti-gay marriage backlash…
m Autism diagnosis among children up 30%
b Japan's Trade Deficit Widens as Export Growth Weakens: Economy
b Martin Marietta to divest some assets for Texas Industries deal
t Caught on Camera: Lookout Photographs Smartphone Thieves
e HBO Signs Exclusive Licensing Deal With Amazon Prime
b Robust US employers add 288000 jobs in June
m Delaware is Ohio's healthiest county, study says
b FAA: Drone nearly collided with airplane
e L'Wren Scott death: rumours mount in media frenzy
e Bonello's unauthorized movie “Saint Laurent” tells dark tale of designer Yves  ...
m First US MERS Patient Now in Good Health, Leaves Hospital
t 2015 VW Jetta makes global debut at New York auto show
e Kim Kardashian & Kanye West: Outing With North
t Amazon's New Phone Has An Innovative Way To Let You Scroll Without Lifting A  ...
b Coca-Cola launches new Coke Life with fewer calories, but still high in sugar
m West Nile in Mesa County
b Citigroup rides smaller losses on crisis-era assets to improved Q1 profit
b Hailo taxi app offices vandalised as London black cab drivers' anger grows
e 'Bachelorette' Star Josh Murray Is Ready for Kids With Andi Dorfman
e 14-year-old Dutch Girl Arrested for American Airlines Twitter Threat
e Scotty McCreery Talks Gunpoint Robbery: "A Very Scary Night"
t Hackers Breach Domino's France, Demand Ransom Payment
e What Shia LaBeouf Did to Get Arrested During Broadway Show
b European share rally stalls ahead of ECB
e Black-Clad "Jedi Hunters" May be the Baddies in Star Wars: Episode VII
b Euro falls for 3rd week on ECB stimulus hopes
t Samsung unveils lighter and slimmer tablet
b Alibaba Holds Talks with Six Banks over Possible US Listing
t Has the last march of the emperor penguin begun? (+video)
t Climate Change challenge real and immediate: US report
e 'Game Of Thrones' Season 4 Episode 2 Recap: 'The Lion And The Rose'
t Twitter Rolls Out Real-Time Notifications
e 'Moms' Night Out' Movie Releases May 9 with Perfect Mothers Day Message  ...
b J M Smucker Hikes Coffee Prices After Arabica Surge
e 'Divergent' scores at box office; 'Muppets Most Wanted' disappoints
e Aussie TMNT Poster Yanked for 9/11 Connection
m Poor diagnosis driving global multidrug-resistant TB, says WHO
t Technology journalist's attempt to cancel his cable TV service goes viral
e 12 Unforgettable Moments From Coachella 2014
e 'The Big Bang Theory' Renewed for Three More Seasons by CBS
e Critical lashing doesn't stop Transformers
b US Federal Reserve dials back stimulus programme
e Lindsay Lohan had suffered miscarriage in season finale of her show
e Blues legend Johnny Winter dies at age 70
b Forex - Euro near 2-1/2 month lows against dollar
b UPDATE 1-US "not expecting good news" at WTO meeting on Indian row
e Lupita Nyong'o named People's Most Beautiful woman 0
t Iran judge summons Facebook CEO to court
t Mercedes-Benz records a 12.8% sales grow ...
e Gregg Allman Biopic Filmmakers Indicted for Involuntary Manslaughter and  ...
b Malaysia Airlines with 295 on board 'shot down' in Ukraine
t Amateur Radio Club to present Field Day
e Don't #CancelColbert: Stephen Colbert Blasted Over Satirical Tweet About  ...
t UK to Probe Facebook Emotion Study
m Does your sunscreen protect you? Experts say maybe not
m West Nile virus detected in Minnesota
m Banish jet lag with a handy mathematical scheduler
m Ohio dad makes heartbreaking request, and the Internet responds
b China: Vietnam has infringed on China's sovereignty
e Kanye West Booed for Comparing Paparazzi Harassment to Rape
e Lady GaGa Sets Release Date of Jazz Album With Tony Bennett
b Tim Hortons, Burger King confirm merger talks
b Brussels cuts eurozone inflation forecast but holds firm on growth
e Star Wars Episode VII: Filming Has Officially Started!
e Review: 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier' exceeds standards of superhero  ...
t Take Two Interactive CEO Praises Xbox One Price Cut
e US Supreme Court revives 'Raging Bull' copyright lawsuit
b US STOCKS-Wall St rallies, S&P 500 briefly hits record
t Toyota reveals pricing of Fuel Cell sedan
b Exxon Mobil reports lowest production since 2009
e Rock Hall Ceremony Wraps With Worthy Performances, Hatchets Buried
b Nike scores; Michaels goes public; DuPont cuts outlook
t Xbox Live struggles with access issues as Titanfall launches
t Amazon preps video event for possible set-top box debut
t Internet via lasers, drones: How Zuckerberg will bring the 'Net to all
b UK jobless rate stable at 7.2%, claimants down
b Was Barclays the problem, or was it the business model?
e 'American Idol' crowns its season
e Woman feared Rolf Harris 'would rape me'
e Lindsay Lohan hit by claims she faked miscarriage on reality TV show
b Amazon Profits Thin As Expenses Jump
t Pew Survey Finds Mix of Feelings on Future of Technology
e Gwyneth Paltrow's mum 'begged' her to reconcile with Chris Martin
e NFL sues MIA for $16.6 million over 2012 Super Bowl middle finger #Fail
m FDA warns of serious allergic reactions with acne products
b Smith & Wesson Holding Corp (SWHC) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats  ...
t Microsoft unveils Android Nokia X2 smartphone
t Mass. gas price unchanged at $3.64 a gallon, AAA says
b Export Rule Change Points to New Global Role for Japan - 04/5/2014
t Facebook scraps messaging for iPhone and Android, forcing users to download  ...
b Manufacturing expands at fastest rate in 3 years
t Yahoo Plans To Turn Over Half Of Its Alibaba Winnings To Investors
e See Billy Joel, Jimmy Fallon, and an iPad Do 'The Lion Sleeps Tonight'
t First on Microsoft's chopping block: Original shows for Xbox
e A 'Godzilla' Sequel Is Already Greenlit Because This Monster Is Huge(ly Profitable)
t For 1 Day Only, Here's Your Chance to Be a Glasshole
t Is Blackberry Ltd (NASDAQ:BBRY) Scouting For Alliance?
b North Carolina regulators order Duke Energy to complete engineering report  ...
e Game Of Thrones' Kit Harington On What To Expect In Season Four And THAT  ...
m How space-age cloning could combat disease
b Global shipping alliance scrapped
e 'Noah' Passes Expectations, Debuts at No. 1 on Box Office
m Diabetes Related Complications Drop Over Last 2 Decades, CDC Says
t NASA is cutting ties with Russia. But it's not that simple.
m SA is failing to escape global trend to obesity
b US stock market opens on a weak note after discouraging news on Chinese  ...
b American Apparel founder Dov Charney is fighting for his job (Video)
m Anthrax, Smallpox and the CDC: Keeping our Priorities Straight
b Deadline looms, exchange traffic rises
e Sandra Bullock - Sandra Bullock, Jennifer Aniston say farewell to Chelsea Handler
b Target's CEO is the latest victim of the massive credit card hack
b Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac: Declaration of Mel Watt
t Cassini spacecraft reveals 101 geysers erupting on icy Saturn moon
t Apple, other tech firms formally agree to US$325m hiring accord
e Beyoncé Gives Nicki Minaj A Diamond "Flawless" Necklace at VMAs (PHOTO)
b Zuckerberg Out, Weiner In For Glassdoor Survey of Top CEOs
e WATCH: Miley Cyrus cracking date rape joke
e Cannes Review: Bennett Miller's 'Foxcatcher' Starring Steve Carell, Channing  ...
e 10 forgotten Michael Jackson moments
b Quantitative easing would be complex for ECB: policymaker Hansson
m Officials Say Ebola Outbreak Could Last Months
e Miley Cyrus class to be taught at Skidmore College
t US Approves Plan To Open Atlantic To Oil Reserve Surveys
b Strike of the Month - Welcome to Metals & Engineering
e Kim Kardashian And Kanye West Refuse To Pay $20K Bill For Disastrous Irish  ...
b Wall St. down, Europe shares in first weekly drop since April
t New Camelopardalids Meteor Shower Tonight: Shooting Star Outburst Predicted  ...
t Group: Asteroids bigger threat to Earth
t Android Is Google's Next Boring Moneymaker
e Is Kim Kardashian Retiring From Public Life?
e Swiss museum claims to be German art collector's heir
e Solange! Dr. Dre! Kerry Washington! And More! No One Was Safe In Chris  ...
t EBay reveals it was hacked in February 2014, personal data compromised
t Facebook says 'won't rebrand Oculus with own logo, interface'
e Meet the Cast of Star Wars: Episode VII
e Actress Amanda Bynes shares swimsuit photos on Twitter
e 'Guardians of the Galaxy' is space junk
e First Jurassic World Photos Confirm Plot Rumours
b DOJ: FedEx shipped drugs without prescriptions
e 'The Bachelorette': Nick Viall Upsets Fans By Talking About His Bedroom Life Wit
e Timeline: One Direction's life in the spotlight... warts and all
m Daily Talker: Girl Kept Out Of School For Shaving Head
e Dallas Native, Scott Haze, on his Role in Cormac McCarthy's Child of God
b Bank of America Corp (BAC): A Closer Look At The Report
e Acclaimed character actor Eli Wallach dies
e 'I'm not bossy. I'm the boss'
m In virus hunt, Saudi Arabia suspects African camel imports
b Toyota to Move North American HQ from California to Texas
b Three-day Lufthansa strike due to start tomorrow
e BBC America's 'Orphan Black' returns
m Saturated fat not linked to greater risk of heart disease, new research finds
e Rita Ora reveals about troubles she faced while delivering dialogues for '50  ...
b SPDR Gold Trust Upgraded by Stifel Nicolaus to "Buy" (GLD)
b BofA earnings fall 43 percent on expenses linked to mortgage disputes
b Hillshire Will Talk With Tyson, Pilgrim's Pride
t Titanfall launching at 792p for Xbox One, resolution "likely to increase"
t Jury selection begins in latest patent case involving smartphone giants Apple  ...
t VIRAL VIDEO: Google cofounders predict 'Machines that 'can think, and do  ...
e Review Miranda Lambert catches a spark on exuberant 'Platinum'
t BlackBerry Wins Court Order Against Ryan Seacrest's Typo Case
b IMF ready to help Bulgaria amid bank runs
m Confirmed: fist bumps are less germy than handshakes
b Rana Plaza garment factory collapse survivors deserve justice now
t Researchers Split Electron from Photon to Create Matter
m Obama Announces Sebelius' Resignation, Successor
t Facebook plans global launch of 'I'm a Voter'
e [PHOTO] Grant Gustin in full-body 'Flash' costume, posing for CW's 'Arrow' spinoff  ...
t BlackBerry Explains What Developers Can Expect With Amazon Appstore
e Scandal Review: “The Price of Free and Fair Elections”
e Cameron Diaz Bares All About Her Butt's Big Screen Debut
t Speed demon: Cheetah, you've met your match... in a mite!
b Why Jim Cramer Would Buy Disney (DIS) Stock Right Now
e Selena Gomez Cries: 'I Lost Sight of Who I Was'
e Rick Ross Overtakes Pharrell Williams' 'GIRL' with Album 'Mastermind' on  ...
e WATCH: This Is What Morgan Freeman's Voice Sounds Like on Helium
e DreamWorks Launches New YouTube Channel
b Siemens CEO sees no reason to discuss improving Alstom offer
e Game of Thrones finale beats previous season's viewers
t Oculus VR "never intended to sell the company"
b France govt agrees to buy 20% stake in Alstom
e Movie Review: 'Cesar Chavez' is the story of a modest working man's hero
e Faith and inspiration: Encyclopedia of saints for today
b Stocks gains on Fed's view
t Bronx Zoo Memorial Day Special: Komodo Dragon exhibit
e Once Upon A Time Season 4 Release Date: Frozen Characters Elsa and Kristoff  ...
e It's twin boys for Chris Hemsworth and Elsa Pataky!
m Tequila Will Help Us All Lose Weight, Says Most Perfect Study Ever
t How To Mirror Your Android Phone To Chromecast
t Galaxy S5 Mini Release Date Coming Soon, Handset Name to Be S5 DX?
b Market Intervention Has Done Little But Confuse
e Iranians Arrested for 'Happy' Tribute Video Apparently Released
e Starbucks announces new drink Oprah Chai
t Chuck E. Cheese Plans to Party with Oculus Rift in Select Areas
e Turlock student's Michael Jackson moves even impress other teens (video)
e Aussies dominate the 2014 MTV Video Music Award nominations
e Madonna is in high spirits as she leaves Jewish Purim party dressed as Game Of  ...
e Monica Lewis: Spoilsports shouldn't ruin Ice Bucket Challenge fun
b Steinhafel resigns as CEO of Target
t Will the British take to Google Glass?
e 2014 Met Gala: Kendall Jenner Is A Vision In Off-White Topshop (PHOTOS)
e American Idol Season 13 Grand Finale Date, Time, Preview; Jena Irene and  ...
b SLV, NUGT: Big ETF Outflows
e Selena Gomez Relationship, Boyfriend: Vanessa Hudgens' Friend Mad Justin  ...
b Beating eBay: Alibaba's rise a multibillion-dollar roller coaster of successes and  ...
e Game of Thrones Star Jason Momoa Confirmed as Aquaman in Man of Steel  ...
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 to feature 5.7-inch 2560 x 1440 QHD display
t Apple Might Have Dropped Major Bucks To Buy Beats, But Why?
m Under Health Law, Some Hospitals Cutting Charity Care
t Toyota agrees to settle defect probe for $1.2B
m Health Watch: A Promising At-Home Colon Cancer Test
e Benedict Cumberbatch joins Johnny Depp in Black Mass
t The worst customer service call you'll ever hear, and it's with Comcast [Updated]
e Why Did the Actors Laugh Through the Jaime and Cersei Rape Scene on Game  ...
b Most walkable city? Atlanta cracks top ten
b Eli Lilly to buy Novartis AG's animal health unit for $5.4 bln to strengthen Elanco  ...
t NASA's New Horizons probe crosses Neptune's orbit on way to Pluto
b Twitter tumbles 18% as share lockup expires
t Koster announces Missouri e-book consumers may get shares of Apple settlement
m 1 in 4 US adults suffer diagnosable mental health disorder in a given year
b Five Bernard Madoff ex-workers convicted of conspiracy
e Erykah Badu Awkwardly Interrupts Live TV News Report on Shia LaBeouf Arrest  ...
b Hong Kong's leader hits back at Chinese media over unofficial democracy poll
e 'Scandal' Star Columbus Short Investigated Over Bar Fight
e Kat Perkins saved by Twitter, advances to Top 8 on 'The Voice'
m New Tablet For Grass Allergies Approved
e Artists Advance from Night Three of Battle Rounds on NBC's THE VOICE
e 'Bachelorette': Chris Soules' Troubled Past With The Law Revealed
e Darren Criss Talks GLEE's 100th Episode & NYC Storyline Future Plans
t Curiosity Rover Captures Asteroids in Martian Sky for First Time; LOOK at the  ...
t Introducing Fire, the First Smartphone Designed by Amazon
e Lacheys expecting second child
e Justin Bieber fought back in Orlando Bloom fight: Both singer and actor "tried to  ...
t Mozilla Names Former CMO as Interim CEO
e Emma Stone hits back at weight jibes
e Duchess's bare bottom splashed in print
m Death Toll from Ebola Surges in West Africa, Prompting Alarm
e Zac Efron scuffle: an awkward moment for 'Neighbors'?
t Amazon to buy video-streaming site Twitch for nearly $1 billion
b Personal data stolen from CRA website using Heartbleed bug
e Doctors unable to reattach rapper's penis
m Philly on front lines of HIV prevention with guidelines for pre-exposure drug
b FTSE firms as Shire flies on suitor rebuff, miners up
t Everything you need to know about Facebook's drones, lasers and satellites
b Hagel, Chang air differences over disputed islands
b Motorola Solutions to sell enterprise business to Zebra for $3.5 billion
t The Grey Phone: Google's First Modular Project Ara Smartphone Launching  ...
e Early In The Weekend, "22 Jump Street" Moves Ahead Of "How To Train Your  ...
t PayPal with Fingerprint Authentication and PayPal App Now Available Globally  ...
m Hummus, dip sold at Target and Trader Joe's recalled
m Today's Pre-Market Trading Very Positive For Merck (MRK)
t Earth-size, 'Goldilocks-zone' planet discovered
t Indiana lawmakers may join '0INK' vanity plate row
t Total Lunar Eclipse Of Rare 'Blood Moon' Visible Over Warren April 15
m Running Lowers Risk of Death From Cardiovascular Diseases
b GM Recalls 1.5 Mln. Vehicles, Take $300 Mln. Charge
b ISM US Manufacturing PMI Little Changed at 55.3 in June -- Update
m Pennsylvania Lost Out By Not Expanding Medicaid Under Affordable Care Act  ...
t Apple eyes corporate arena: US giant teams up with IT goliath IBM to sell its  ...
e Dozens hospitalized after Boston concert
e Jessica Alba Says She Won't Do Nude Scenes, Opens Up About Past Love Life
e Zac Efron gets in a brawl on LA's Skid Row
e Movie review: 'Rio 2' dazzling but overloaded
b Eurozone inflation falls to lowest since financial crisis
t Fix a broken Surface Pro 3? Don't even try
e Bryan Singer: It's 'Ludicrous' To Compare Fox's X-Men and Marvel's Avengers
e Bill Murray Is Terrible at Babysitting Melissa McCarthy's Kid in the St. Vincent  ...
t iPhone 5S iOS 7.1 Untethered Jailbreak Is Quite Cheeky
m Obesity Raises Mortality Rates For Breast Cancer!
t Ralph Lauren Taps Biotech Firm for 'Smart Shirt' That Tracks Breathing
m Electronic cigarettes won't help smokers quit, study claims
e Beyonce: Forbes' most powerful celebrity
t Oculus deal is Facebook's 'long-term bet' on virtual reality
e Katt Williams Reportedly Pulls Gun On Heckler At Comedy Store
e Former reality TV show star charged with assault
m Beef Recall Issued this May 2014 After a Deadly Strain of Bacteria Contaminated  ...
b McDonald's to offer free coffee amid breakfast war starting Monday
m Working life has the burden of dementia, reveals study
m Giving birth later in life linked to longer life, say researchers
m Lawmakers React To News Of Menino's Cancer Battle
e Go with it and transcend
t Most accurate recreation of the Universe ever devised
t Surface Mini Might Not Come With Built-in Kickstand [Rumor]
b Dollar stays firm in the wake of jobs-inspired rally
e Rapper Cuts Off Penis, Survives Suicide Attempt
b Yen's drop bringing production back home
b TSX Up 46 Points at Midday; Energy Leads Gainers on Oil Support, Info Tech  ...
e Lebanese cardinal makes rare Jerusalem visit
b CBS' Leslie Moonves Among Highest Paid CEO's
t Delay Notice In $450M Apple E-Books Deal To Get Closer Look
b Ousted American Apparel CEO Undone by Controversial Past
b Kraft recalls hot dog products
t Samsung Galaxy S Duos 2 vs Motorola Moto E – Top Specs and Price Comparison
b US stocks: Wall St. edges higher, investors look to earnings
e 'Tony The Tiger' Iconic Voice Actor Lee Marshall Dies
t A shark attack convinced me that Sony's Project Morpheus makes virtual reality  ...
b AbbVie Raises Shire Offer To $51B, Stoking Buyout Battle
t Possible Apple-Comcast TV Deal: Winners and Losers
e Chicago house genre originator Frankie Knuckles dies
e Carl Grimes in danger? Dad saves Carl in 'The Walking Dead' season finale
t Surface Pro 3: Windows
e Michael Strahan Joins 'Good Morning America' To Alleviate Behind-The-Scenes  ...
e Farewell Nadine Gordimer, Creator of a Universe of Anger, Angst, Irony and Hope
m Need a Place to Dump Your Extra Pills?
b State Regulators Cite Duke Energy For Crack In Dam
e Mick Jagger shelled out millions to bail girlfriend L'Wren Scott's out of debt
t Diggers find hundreds of old video games buried in landfill
b Food and Shelter Prices Boost March Consumer Inflation
e The Normal Heart and the resilience of the AIDS generation
e Harrison Ford 'breaks ankle' during filming on Star Wars Episode VII
e Four Stars Strip Naked for Allure Magazine Spread
b Judge slaps $1.3B fine on Bank of America
e Video: Brian Williams Raps 'Gin and Juice'
e Kendall Jenner makes her Chanel Couture debut in Paris runway show
e Amazing Spider-Man 3 Release Date, Plot Rumors: Kraven Appearing in Future  ...
e One Day at a Time
b Off With Their Heads, Thomas Picketty Edition
t Google Glass Will Hunt You Down
b The Morning Risk Report: Financial Performance is the Reputation that Counts
e 'DWTS' Champion Meryl Davis Reacts to Win, 'Completely Overwhelmed'
t OneDrive gets bigger thumbnails, custom covers, video posting to Facebook  ...
e Paul Walker's Brothers Will Step In To Finish 'Fast & Furious 7' Scenes
e Author Walter Dean Myers, Dead at 76
e MTV Adds Ferguson to VMAs Conversation
t Tesla Served A Suit In China
m Kenosha County 64th in healthy outcomes, says UW study
t Honda is recalling around 900000 Odyssey minivans
t NASA Reveals Flying Saucer for Future Mars Missions
e Miley Cyrus's Bangerz tour bus exploded in flames
t 'The Internet's Own Boy' has good distribution of info
m USDA Lowers Meat Production Estimate in June
b Auto Dealer System Evolution is Inevitable, Says Analyst (TSLA)
e Watch: SNL spoof Jay Z and Solange elevator fight in awesome sketch
e Darren Aronofsky - Darren Aronofsky: Noah to avoid cliché of Bible movies
e 'Midnight Rider': Gregg Allman Sues to Stop Production
m Nature journal retracts stem cell paper citing 'critical errors'
t New Website Unblocks Google Censored Links
m 2 people died of Ebola in Congo: Minister
e Casey Kasem's body remains unburied a month after his death
b Google's Q1 earnings disappoint as advertising prices slip
t Gas Prices Rise Again, Move Closer to $4
e Andrew Garfield cross-dresses in new Arcade Fire video 'We Exist'
t Microsoft 'Windows in the Car' in-car concept demonstrated
m How A Patient Can Recover From Ebola
e Miley Cyrus, what were you thinking?
t Apple and Comcast in Talks to Create Priority TV Streaming Service
m Saudi Arabia sees 11 new MERS cases as virus sweeps to Mecca
e Selena Gomez Takes Herself Out of the Orlando Bloom and Justin Bieber Drama  ...
t Elon Musk May Use 'Wonder Material' Graphene To Push Tesla Performance To  ...
m Ebola hits West Africa's economies
m West African authorities adopt common strategy to fight Ebola
b World Trade Center tower may shift to private financing
t Have your say: Apple CEO Tim Cook labels worrying iPad sales slump "a speed  ...
e Madonna to make return to directing
t US apex court rules online TV Aereo violated copyright laws
b South Windham's Keddy Mill placed on Superfund list
b NEW: Australia hopeful as more items pulled from sea
t Red Moon: April 14 marks first eclipse in series of four rare celestial events
t Mario Kart 8 review - 9/10 in Edge: "As essential as Super Mario 3D World"
m Red wine ingredient does not help people live longer, study
m UK women over 20 more overweight than rest of Europe, study shows
m Male infertility linked to increased mortality
b MH370: New Search Area To Be Announced On Thursday
e Columbus Short's wife files for divorce from 'Scandal' star
b GM expands recall to later models
b BP Says Oil Spill In Lake Michigan Has Been Contained
e Barrymore's tribute to half-sister
b Stocks edge up as Americans open their wallets
t Everything you need to know about Facebook buying Oculus for $2 billion
e The Best Movie Ever: Russell Crowe
t Nintendo swings back into losses
e Keith Richards children's picture book out this fall
b $5B Deal Gives PokerStars A New Shot At US Market
e Leonardo DiCaprio as Steve Jobs? Danny Boyle Eyes Actor for Biopic
e Heaven Is for Real star left L.A. t o find the 'dude'
b Tesla first quarter results miss expectations
b Wall St rises
e Louis Tomlinson - Louis Tomlinson's dad blasts drug use
t Apple in talks to buy Beats Electronics for S$4 billion
t Even Google thinks the health industry is over-regulated
e Britney Spears - Britney Spears sued for dancer's broken nose
m NY State Court Fails to Reinstate Ban on Large Sodas
e Support UNICEF and win a role in 'Star Wars: Episode VII'
e Jennifer Lopez Stuns In Red Hot Lanvin Dress On 'American Idol'
t Demand for parts hampers GM's pace of recall repairs
b Economy `Continues to Disappoint': Fed's Dudley
e CORRECTED-US STOCKS-Wall St inches up on M&A deals; Iraq worries cap  ...
t FCC Wants to Know Who's to Blame for Slower Internet...
b BNP Paribas Pleads Guilty In US Court, Will Pay $8.8 Billion Fine
e Beyoncé and Jay-Z Seek Marriage Counseling?
e Demi Lovato wows with purple hair and see-through dress
e Kim Kardashian Has Not Invited Friends Yet to her Secret Wedding with Kanye  ...
t London residents most at risk of rising death rate due to climate change
e Model-turned-pin-up photographer Bunny Yeager, famous for shots of Bettie  ...
e 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' Commemorates Memorial Day With $91M Box  ...
e Home / News / 2014 MuchMusic Awards - Best and Worst dressed!
b Economic week ahead: SA elections overshadow domestic news
b AbbVie ups offer for Shire
e 'Draft Day' Film That Originally was Scheduled to Feature Buffalo Bills Will Hit Big  ...
e Mad Men's Season 7 Premiere: Is It Too Late for Don Draper to Change?
m Diabetes: Bionic pancreas tech may give Type I diabetics some freedom, study  ...
e Katy Perry sued by Christian artist for stealing 'Dark Horse' song
e Lea Michele Stuns in Plunging Gown After Wrapping Glee Season 5 (PHOTOS)
b Sotheby's & Third Point Reach Deal - Quick Facts
t The Aereo ruling: Copyright rules
e Second Opinion - Captain America: The Winter Soldier (2014)
b Weibo cuts IPO size amid sell-off in tech stocks
e How 'Game Of Thrones' Producers Persuaded HBO To Let Them Make An $8  ...
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Features and Launch Date Tipped
e Iconic actor Rooney dies at 93
b Japan seen to export arms to Asian neighbors with lifting of 47-yr-old ban; China  ...
t LIVE: Yahoo Earnings!
e Kim Jong-Un is Upset over the Seth Rogen, James Franco Comedy 'The Interview'
t Samsung Net Profit Rises on Chip Sales
t Facebook Inc (FB) Is Secretly Working On An Anonymous App [REPORT]
e What you need to know from Day Two of Ultra Music Festival 2014
t Heartbleed bug affects gadgets everywhere
b County unemployment rate drops to 4.6 percent
b UK Unemployment at Five Year Low
e TV Recap: 'The Walking Dead' Episode 416 - 'A'
b Insured percentage highest for Obama
e 'Divergent' Dives For Number One Box Office Spot
e Labour's Joan Burton urges council manager to 'resolve' Garth Brooks debacle
e Weekend Box Office: 'Godzilla' Earns $196 Million Worldwide, Smashes  ...
b Tech companies, Citigroup send US stocks lower
b Japan approves new energy plan
b ACA International Attends Democratic Attorneys General Policy Forum
b Objects retrieved from ocean in search for missing jet
b TrueCar IPO Prices Below Range, But Quickly Moves Higher
b Wall St. edges higher, investors look to earnings
t Japan to hunt fewer whales in Pacific this season
b Ukraine casts shadow over Wall Street
b Chrysler sales up 9% in June
b Ronald McDonald Gets a Normcore Makeover
b Mortgage Rates at 6 Week Low
t HTC unveils One M8 smartphone
e Get On Line: Pluto.TV To Stream James Brown '60s …
b Janet Yellen Upbeat on US Economy Except Housing
b Report: States To Probe Comcast Plan To Buy Time Warner Cable
e James Arthur 'dropped by Cowell over terrorist lyrics'
e ESPYs: Drake dresses up like Russell Westbrook
e 'Girls' actor to replace Neil Patrick Harris in 'Hedwig and the Angry Inch'
m Michigan girl getting new ear after raccoon mauling
m Two Americans Stricken With Ebola in Liberia to Return to US for Treatment
e Which 'Dancing' star was doomed on Disney night?
e Amazon Wants More Binge Watchers
b Crude oil slips for seventh straight session as supplies set to increase
e Eurovision 2014: When, Where, Odds And Who To Look Out For At This Year's  ...
e Neighbors doesn't fulfil its promise
t WWE Shares Fall Following Disappointing Sub Announcement For WWE Network
b Here comes the taxman
e Game of Thrones: From Westeros to the Season 4 Premiere
b Tiffany Earnings: Shining Across the Board
t Google Has 12 Billion Reasons to Acquire Twitch.TV, But Will It?
e DEVOLVING SCI-FI
m New study says 3-D mammograms could be better at detecting cancer
t Mailbox, the Great iOS Gmail Client, Available for Android and Desktop
b Sean FitzPatrick found NOT guilty by jury in Anglo Irish Bank trial
t What is Twitch and why is it worth $1bn?
t Space rock to blot out light from prominent star
e Garth Ancier, David Neuman And Gary Goddard Accused Of Sexual Abuse In  ...
e Salma Hayek Makes a Political Statement at 'Prophet' Cannes Premiere!
e Gymnast Kacy Catanzaro Absolutely Crushes 'American Ninja Warrior' Obstacle  ...
e OMGG, Kim and Kanye's wedding pics have landed! At. Last.
t NASA Curiosity Reaches Next Drilling Site
b Market Basket workers expected to walk off job Friday
b Gold soars to six-month high on safe-haven demand; Ukraine, China concerns
t Law enforcement cracking down on boater DWIs
e Major Björk exhibition to open in New York next year
m British nurse volunteered despite warning he would contract ebola
e Zara withdraws "offensive" shirt
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West in Paris ahead of wedding
t An Amazon Developer Made A Steve Jobs Quote App That Got Rejected From  ...
t Samsung Unveils Galaxy Ace Style Smartphone
t 'Past The Point Of No Return:' An Antarctic Ice Sheet's Slow Collapse
t UN Report: 'Increasingly Clear' Threats Posed by Climate Change
e CHRISTIAN VIEWPOINT: Remember the suffering - and celebrate the resurrection
b McDonald's Protesters Arrested Outside Headquarters
e COLUMN-How to answer the Jill Abramson equal pay question: Brill
e Don Draper hits rock bottom; can he change?
e Juan Pablo Galvais of The Bachelor Voted the "Worst Bachelor Ever"
e Chris Soules: Yes, I am the next 'The Bachelor' star and I'm flattered!
e Sick Miley Cyrus says hospital is full of quacks as she tries to keep her sense of  ...
t Oracle wins longstanding case against Google, sues them for $1 Billion
e Hugh Jackman suffers another skin cancer scare
b Wal-Mart Presents Money Transfer Solution
e Katie Couric marries John Molner in intimate East Hampton ceremony
t Watch Dogs Gets Mobile App
b Mortgage rates at 6-week low
e The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies teases the conclusion
t Kepler telescope discovers first Earth-size planet in 'habitable zone'
e New Game Of Thrones Season 4,Episode 7 Official Spoilers,Synopsis Released  ...
e Sam Smith set for US chart success with 'In The Lonely Hour'
b GE profits up as most segments improve
e One Direction 'Where We Are' Tour Artist Smoking Weed [VIDEO]: Louis  ...
b Canadian County Fastest Growing In OK On US Census List
m Share this Story:
e Weird Al Yankovic "Word Crimes" (Robin Thicke parody) (video)
b Russia says EU should be "ashamed" of itself over sanctions, response ready
m Medical Trial Of Cocoa Flavanols And Heart Health To Be Launched
b Government plan aims to eliminate airfare sticker shock
t Facebook launches location-sharing feature 'Nearby Friends' with lots of  ...
e Report: Mayweather, rapper TI get in altercation at Las Vegas Fatburger
b Vulture funds: parties to hold hearing with NY Judge Griesa at 3 pm
e Ben Affleck's card-counting kerfuffle: Life imitates art
e Prince Harry at River and Rowing Museum
t HTC One Is More Durable Than Both Galaxy S5 & iPhone 5S
e Ray J Is Giving Kim Kardashian Extra Sex Tape Profits As A 'Wedding Gift'
t PSA: Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4, 10.5 now available stateside starting at $400
b Botox maker Allergan subject of $50.2b bid
e JK Rowling Publishes Harry Potter Sequel, Kind Of
t Google has acquired Songza to take on playlist-heavy services like Beats  ...
e The Walking Dead Season 4 Finale: Robert Kirkman Weighs in on “Tough” Carl  ...
e Guest View: Romeo, Romeo, wherefore art thou Romeo?
m 40 Sick Vets Died While Languishing on a "Secret" VA Waiting List
b GM Battery Lab Expansion
e Prince Harry To Get A New Girlfriend? 12 Americans Compete For Fake Prince's  ...
b Facebook founder's &pound;2bn windfall from stock options
b 4 things GoPro needs to do to succeed
e Miranda Lambert Takes on the Tabloids
t On camera: 'Blood moon' time lapse
t Microsoft cuts OneDrive prices and increases capacity
b International Trade Expo - Demand for Chinese Gold to Rise
b Yen struggles, Euro subdued ahead of inflation data
t Nokia employees boycott canteen services
b Why GameStop (GME) Is Down Today
m Red Wine may not be as good for you as previously thought
b ASX: Share market edges lower amid mixed data drop
t Motorola Moto E Image Leaks Ahead Of Launch
t Android 4.4.2 and Android 4.4 Samsung Galaxy S3 and Samsung Galaxy S2  ...
e Blue Ivy Carter and Jay Z Watch Beyonce VMA Performance, Crush Divorce  ...
e Stephen Colbert: Give him a break
e Kim Kardashian Posts Topless Pic In Honor of Friend's Birthday (PHOTO)
e LA mayor drops 'f-bomb' during Stanley Cup celebration
b 3D Systems Reports First Quarter 2014 Financial Results
e Game of Thrones Season 4 Episode 4 Recap: Baby, It's Cold Outside
e Tony Award nominees announced
m Former Bills QB Jim Kelly will not have surgery for cancer
e Divergent Soars to #1 Debut at Box Office
e Adam Richman's new 'Man Finds Food' TV show delayed after host's  ...
t Anonymous FamedGod Takes Credit for Sony PlayStation Hack After Terrorist  ...
e Paul Simon, wife Edie Brickell won't face disorderly conduct charges for marital  ...
e Robert Downey Jr.'s son Indio arrested
e 'Veronica Mars' Movie Release Date, Cast & Spoilers: SXSW Premiere a  ...
b Coke's Soda Sales Are Down for First Time in 10 Years
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Purported Images Leaked
t Samsung Group not prepping Galaxy S5 with metal body: CEO
e DOJ to review decades-old music licensing rules
t Rogers & WWE announce 10-year broadcast & online agreement
e 'How I Met Your Mother' Alternate Ending: Which Is Better? (Video)
t NZ not prepared for climate change effects
m Two York County apartment complexes will supply free summer meals for children
b Citigroup Inc. (C) Climbed Sharply After Q1 Profit Topped Expectations
b Do Consumers Believe the Economy is Thawing Out?
b Missing Malaysia Flight: Debris Off Australia Credible Lead In Hunt For Missing Jet
e Nephew claims self-defense in reality TV star's shooting
e How Michael Jackson Keeps Breaking the Bank 5 Years After His Death
b Microsoft cloud computing bets pay off as revenue grows 150%
e New Photos: Angelina Jolie Goes Strapless At The 'Maleficent' Photo Call, Adam  ...
t General Motors Adds 218000 Cars To Recall List
b S&P 500, Dow average climb to records as technology shares jump
e Diane Sawyer to exit ABC's 'World News'
e Cut. It. Out. Uncle Joey Gets Hitched in Montana!
e US Rapper and reality TV star Benzino shot, injured
m Bristol health charity offering top tips on fighting hay fever
b Metro Augusta unemployment rate down to 6.3 percent
t Microsoft unveils Pro 3 tablet to battle Apple's MacBooks
b Dow And S&P 500 Close Higher, Nasdaq Posts Slim Loss - US Commentary
e Shia LaBeouf heads to rehab
b Toyota posts record annual profit
b Amazing Video Shows Two Women Being Nearly Runover By Freight Train!
e Poet and activist Maya Angelou dies aged 86 new The award-winning poet and  ...
e Chris Soules Is The Next 'Bachelor'
e Pharrell, Host Chris Rock Kick Off BET Awards
e 'Game of Thrones' Recap: 'Breaker of Chains'
e Ann B. Davis, Actress Who Played Alice on "The Brady Bunch," Dead at 88
t New climate report fuels calls for action in W.Va.
t Stop using the Sony Vaio Fit 11A - it might catch fire
t C Spire Begins Pre-Orders for Samsung Galaxy S 5 Today
e Seinfeld star killed off in death hoax
b At Obamacare deadline, rush to enroll, questions about what's next
b 17/06/2014Siemens, Mitsubishi say their Alstom offer beats GE's
b Apple And Buffett: Comparing Tax Strategies
t NSA pretended to be Facebook to infect millions of computers
b Crude Oil Extends Fall Toward $100
e Prince Continues Battle For Catalogue
e Cameron Diaz And Jason Segel Have Their Heads In The Cloud In Sex Tape  ...
t Microsoft plots sub-$200 Chromebook rivals
b Apple finally confirms its $3B acquisition of Beats Electronics
t As Facebook Buys Oculus, Is A Virtual Reality Social Network In Our Future?
t Dre reportedly picking up Tom Brady's LA digs for a cool $50 million
e Scottish Island's Water Supply Shuts Down Following ALS Ice Bucket Challenge  ...
t Tim Berners-Lee Wants You to Create An Internet Bill of Rights
b Bank Austria may sell Ukraine unit within a year - CFO
b Federal Reserve stays on cruise control
b IMF Chief Christine Lagarde Hints At Coming Downward Revision In World  ...
m Headband to prevent migraines gets thumbs up from FDA
t Game Boy Was Born 25 Years Ago Today
m Invasive Bladder Cancer Linked To 'Sonic Hedgehog' Protein
e Selena Gomez Teaches History & Gets Stared Down By Avan Jogia At The Kids  ...
m New Report Shows Alzheimer's Affects Many More Women Than Men
b Eurotunnel train stopped in Channel Tunnel by power fault
m Wikipedia medical entries 90% inaccurate
b Holy Pharrell's hat: Twitter shares have fallen 11% after user growth missed  ...
m Mukherjee says India should help other countries eradicate polio
e Kendall Jenner Walks in Chanel Couture; Taylor Swift Pens Op-Ed for 'The Wall  ...
e Queen to release new tracks with Mercury
b Amazon and Twitter team up for #AmazonBasket shopping
b Lawyer: Argentina to negotiate with US hedge funds - Northern Michigan's News  ...
b HK stock exchange panel to continue work on listing rules after Alibaba IPO loss  ...
t Facebook Deemed Creepier Than A Bag Of Spiders, Following Odd Social  ...
e Colin Trevorrow Teases Plans for Jurassic World Sequels; First Official Set  ...
e Rich characters and strong performances fill 'The Fault in our Stars'
t BiS in brief: Jersey Mike's will donate Wednesday sales to Children's Hospital
t Watch Dogs PC Settings Comparisons: Low vs Ultra, Console vs PC
m AztraZeneca fights to regain cancer market prominence
e Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez Dirty Dancing (See Full Video!)
m FDA takes light approach to regulating e-cigarettes as it waits for science to  ...
b Op-Ed: Special interests and the Tesla ban in US states
e First Superman issue sold for $3.5 million on eBay
t Crazy Deal: Galaxy Note 3 (Certified Like-New) on AT&T is $249 Off Contract
b No sign of MH370 in China: spokesman
t Snapchat Settles US Claims of Deceiving Users On Messages (1)
m Seven million people have died from polluted air
e Emmy Awards 2014: Networks hold their own over cable and Netflix
e Critics Consensus: Guardians of the Galaxy is Certified Fresh
b Business news and markets: live
e Chanel Couture Fall 2014
m E-Cigarettes Do Not Help People Quit Smoking: Study
e American Idol 2014 Spoilers: Top 10 - Majesty Rose Performance (VIDEO)
b India became third largest economy in 2011: World Bank
e BO Roundup, April 18-20: 'Captain America 2' Still on Top over Easter Weekend
b Fund Investors Turn Their Backs On A Recent Favorite
t West Virginians remember moon landing
b Could Malaysia plane have slipped by radar?
b Johnson Publishing Company announces transition of JET Magazine to digital  ...
b Consumer Goods Most ACtive: Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), Ford Motor  ...
m CDC: Autism rate up 30%
t Apple to release new 12.9-inch iPad in 2015: report
b Fiat Investors Poised to Approve Chrysler Merger
b PG&E pleads not guilt in criminal case connected to fatal San Bruno explosion
e Nuri Bilge Ceylan back at Cannes
e 'Avatar' Filmmaker James Cameron Almost Done Writing Film's Three Sequels
e Usher And Adam Levine Cover D'Angelo's 'Untitled' On The Voice
m First stem cell study of bipolar disorder yields promising results, U-M & Prechter  ...
m BioDelivery's Pain Drug Better than Placebo, Stocks Soar
b Janet Yellen's 3 questions for the economy
b How Modi Can Boost India-U.S. Ties
t Electric carmaker Tesla to open up its patents to remove technological barriers
b Wheat falls, set for quarterly loss of 16pc ahead of USDA report
b So far, so good for Microsoft's Nadella
e Disney TV executive Sweeney to leave company in January
b Yahoo joins workforce demographics disclosure trend
t Ford will pay 200000 owners for inflated mpg claims
b GM records show ignition problems surfaced in 2001
e Ivan Reitman won't direct Ghostbusters 3, Sony planning 2015 shoot
b US STOCKS-Wall St flat at record levels, valuations seen as reasonable
e James Cameron Reveals 'Avatar' Sequel Script Plans During Reddit AMA
t Graco Agrees to Recall 1.9M Infant Seats
e Beyonce, Eminem, Azalea lead MTV VMA nods
b Merck Sells Consumer Care Biz to Bayer for $14B
b Newcomers facing toughest challenge
t Microsoft hints at iPad version for Office 365
e Metallica at Glastonbury Festival 2014 review
t GM adding 971000 vehicles to ignition recall
t Former dictator Manuel Noriega sues Call of Duty creator
m FDA Warns Fibroid Procedure May Cause Cancer
b Calhoun County had slight job growth in March
b 9 Times Canadian Companies Were Taken Over By US Ones
e “Neighbors” tries to make grown-ups the cool kids
e Garfield and Stone bust a move in London
e JJ Abrams invites you to the set of 'Star Wars'
e 'Transformers' Story on Twitter: 'Age of Extinction' 2014 Moviegoers Want Shia  ...
t Starbucks begins rollout of wireless rechargers in stores (Includes interview)
t RPT-Alibaba's deal-making ripples across Silicon Valley
t Netflix reaches interconnection deal with Verizon
e 'How I Met Your Mother' Cast Knew The Show's Ending Since Series Began
e Jagger mourns girlfriend at private LA cremation
e David Arquette & Christina McLarty engaged
e One Direction's Zayn Malik And Louis Tomlinson Smoke Suspicious Cigarette  ...
m Child Abuse by the Numbers, 21% of Black Children Will Be Abused by 18
e Bachelorette 2014: Why Andi Dorfman Didn't Pick Nick Viall
b Las Vegas Sands Vs. Melco Crown in Macau: Which Is Your Best Bet Now?
t NASA's Kepler Space Telescope Gets New Mission Hunting Exoplanets
b Amazon Q1 income up 32% on brisk sales
b Pound Sterling (GBP) Exchange Rate Advances Sharply Against Peers as  ...
b Credit Suisse first-quarter profit falls
t Google's robot car is like driving an elevator
m As Many As 5000 Red Robin Customers In Missouri Exposed To Hepatitis A
t Garmin(R) Launches víago(TM), A Feature-Packed Navigation App Starting at  ...
t Comparison between Apple iPhone 5s and HTC One M8
e Andi visits the final four bachelor's hometowns
t Brown: California at 'epicenter' of climate change
e Is Beyonce a feminist? Let's argue about it again (Poll)
m Women 60 And Above More Likely To Get Alzheimer Than Man: Study
b US jury hits drug firms Takeda, Eli Lilly with $9bn penalty
t Say Hello To The Motorola Moto E (Video)
t Samsung offering tons of freebies with Galaxy S5
m Autism can happen due to environmental pollution
t Apple and IBM join forces to bring iPhones and iPads to businesses
b US Wins Car Import Duties Trade Case Against China
e 'The Walking Dead': Showrunner Scott M. Gimple on that 'massive cliffhanger'
t FTC: Snapchat Deceived Users Over Personal Data
t BlackBerry fights back with cut-price Z3 smartphone
b EUR/USD slips as dollar recovers on Putin olive branch
e Legends of Oz: Sincere to the point of boredom
e Tears and fears on The Voice
b Washington State's Legal Marijuana Shops Prepare To Open Their Doors This  ...
e 'The Flash' photo: First look at the full Flash costume
t Meet the Corvette Z06 Convertible
b Congratulations, Georgia: No More Taxes (Kind Of, Sort Of)
t Apple-approved drug dealing game Weed Firm tops iTunes charts
b Iran crude sales double in five months: Official
t Twitter adds photo tagging, multiple photo upload on iPhone and Android apps
e TV Series Modern Family gets comedy series Emmy Award
m Aspirin use to prevent heart attack should be limited, FDA says
t Austin MotoGP: Aleix Espargaro 'It's not real'
b New home sales fall nationwide and in Las Vegas region
b Sterling hits over five year highs on the US Dollar
e Ricky Martin is muy caliente on Latin Night of 'Dancing with the Stars'
t Climate change could hit 200 million people in Indo-Gangetic plain: IPCC
b BHP Billiton To Spinoff Assets Worth $19 Billion
e Pharrell joins The Voice US panel
e Matthew Weiner Sets Up Mad Men's Season 7
e True Blood Series Finale: How to watch 'Thank You' online
t OKCupid asks users to boycott Firefox because of CEO's gay rights stance
b DailyFX Tips & Picks: Why the Eurozone's problems haven't disappeared
e First Look at the Cast of 'Jem and the Holograms'
m WHO puts travel curbs on Pakistan
t Google to release Android SDK for wearable devices in two weeks
t Virtual Reality Pioneer Jaron Lanier Talks Facebook's Oculus Deal
b Euro Falls to 1-Month Low on ECB Outlook; Canada Dollar Declines
e Olivia Palermo marries Johannes Huebl
m 1st US MERS patient improving
t Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella Says Company Will Keep Bing, Xbox
e Lucasfilm struggling with Boba Fett spinoff film
t ASUS to launch smartwatch based on Android Wear: report
t NASA's LADEE crashes on moon as planned
b UK inflation falls as supermarket war leads to prices being slashed
e 'Mad Men' Season 7 Episode 5: Retrofit Paranoia
b Netflix continues European expansion with six new locations
b UPDATE 1-Japan's Dai-ichi Life agrees to buy Protective Life for $5.7 bln
b With gas prices ballooning, inflation rate climbs to two per cent in April
e Game of Thrones cast praise Madonna's Daenerys impression
e Maundy Thursday services reflect on night before crucifixion
b Sales of new homes fall in July
t AOL looks into data breach, says user data compromised
b UPDATE 2-Airbnb in funding talks valuing it at about $10 bln -source
b FBI to investigate high-frequency trading
e First Pictures from 'Jurassic World' and News of Animatronic Dinosaurs
t iWatch Release Date is Approaching Fast, Get your CASH Ready
b High-End Electric Automaker Tesla Opening Local 'Store Front'
e Orlando Bloom & Justin Bieber Second Fight: Stars Actually Fought Twice
e Levar Burton trying to bring back Reading Rainbow - WAFB 9 News Baton  ...
e People's Inspirational 'Most Beautiful Woman' Pick Exemplifies True Beauty  ...
m New protein may play a role in Alzheimer's disease, study finds
e Peaches Geldof Death: Cops Find 'No Hard Drugs, No Suicide Note' At Scene
t Brazil thieves steal millions worth of Samsung electronics from Sao Paulo factory
e Why Did Johnny Weir And Husband Victor Voronov Split? Botched Vacation  ...
t Virgin Mobile USA Launches Virgin Mobile Custom – Fully Customizable Cell  ...
b Air France KLM SA's share price down, reduces its FY earnings projection due to  ...
b Johnson Controls Given Consensus Recommendation of "Buy" by Brokerages  ...
t Apple-Samsung Jury Leaves $120 Million Patent Verdict Intact (1)
e Charlie White bounced from 'Dancing with the Stars'; Meryl Davis reaches finals
t Apple releases iOS 7.1 for iPads and iPhones
t Samsung unveils Galaxy S5 Mini, Starts shipping next month
e Nikki Ferell Slams Producers via Twitter, After Nick Viall Shocking Revelation on  ...
e Seth MacFarlane Is Not Hollywood's Next Great Leading Man
e Justin Bieber's video of 'Rabbi' Tom Hanks dancing goes viral
b New requirement for California logging companies
e Kim Kardashian's 'very normal' wedding
b Zillow to acquire Trulia in $3.5 billion stock swap
t Sony warns of battery fire risk in Vaio
e Attorneys for 2 Ohio women held captive say Joan Rivers should apologize for  ...
t Samsung Gear Smartwatch With Round Design Being Developed
b JC Penney's Friday Pop -- Is It Time to Get Into the Shares?
b EU critics win big in European Parliament polls
t Illustris Duplicates 13 Billion Years Of Cosmic Evolution In 3 Months
t iPhone 6 aka iPhone Air with 5.5-inch display reportedly delayed until 2015
t Facebook to face UK probe over user study
m Worldwide Alzheimer's and Dementia Epidemic Grows
t Facebook to Notify Users When Friends are Nearby
t Facebook Says Sorry (Not Sorry) For Brainwashing You
b Some WTO members discussing customs deal without India
m Foster Farms products recalled
t Domino's Pizza ransom threat from hacking group Rex Mundi
t TweetDeck Security Issue Gives Hackers Access to Accounts
b B&N teams with Google for same-day delivery
e 1 dead, 5 injured in pre-party violence ahead of BET Awards
t Google buys written language translation startup
e Miley on the mend after allergy hamstrings Bangerz tour
t US skywatchers get Earth's first peek at new meteor shower
t Google displays prototype Project Ara smartphone - It looks like cool Legos
t Microsoft unveils its new Android phone, the Nokia X2
e Interview: Kiefer Sutherland in 24: LIVE ANOTHER DAY is back as Jack
t Google seeks world domination
t US cites Chinese officials in cyber-spying case
t Google acquisition of drone maker Titan Aerospace will lift Project Loon to new  ...
b Siemens Boss In Paris To Sell Deal For Alstom
e Kate Middleton Dress Stuns as Duchess Meets With Grade-School Students
b Data Brokers Lack Transparency, Privacy Regulator Says
b Small Businesses Still Feel Fallout From Superstorm
e Miley Cyrus Proves She's A Spitter, Not A Swallower! Fill In The Blank!
e Chinese scenic area to sue "Transformers" producers
b Stocks falter after early gain
t Microsoft Fights Off FBI Request For Customer Data
e Robert De Niro Crashes World Cup Party in Brooklyn. Internet Explodes
b Landmark Ruling Opens Door for Fast Food Unions
e Nikki Ferrell and Juan Pablo Break Up as Juan Caught Cheating With Nikki's  ...
b Help available as health care deadline nears
t US hypersonic missile test failed shortly after takeoff
t NSA leaker Edward Snowden speaks at SXSW
m Act locally to stop tobacco use by kids
b CURRENCIES: Euro Falls Near $1.36; Dollar Falls Vs. Yen
m Air pollution risk greater than thought
m Ebola death toll jumps to 603
m Nature's Most Perfect Killing Machine
e Amy Adams switches first class seat with soldier in coach
m Girl, 9, dies from brain-eating amoeba infection in Kansas
e 'American Idol' Recap: The Final 4 Sing About Love
b Herbalife Ltd. (HLF) Spent More On Lobbying Than Bill Ackman
t A Brand-New Meteor Shower Could Be Spectacular Tonight — Here's How To  ...
e Kim Kardashian Goes Blonde--But Not for Long
t Hackers take a pizza de action
t Lyrid Meteor Shower Live Stream: 2014 Lyrids Peak Tonight; What Time, Day?
e Zendaya Coleman quits Aaliyah biopic after criticism from family and fans
m Appeals court flushes New York's big-soda ban
e Jenny McCarthy Opens Up About Upcoming Wedding To Donnie Wahlberg And  ...
b US may deploy rotating units in Baltic states
m Medical residency changes proposed
b Debunking the Myths of a Liberal Economist
t OneDrive's Mobile DAUs Up 3X Since October, Microsoft Updates Its Android  ...
b Swiss relieved Credit Suisse probe in US is over
b Alibaba files US IPO paperwork
e HGTV Cancels Show Starring Anti-Gay Twin Brothers
t FTC cracks down on Snapchat
e 'Earth to Echo' great for kids, despite lacking punch
t Motorola Ups The Budget Android Ante With $130 Moto E, And LTE Moto G
t Google headsets on one day sale
m Extreme childhood obesity rates rising
b Netflix poised to raise prices after strong first quarter
e Star Wars Creator George Lucas Snubs San Francisco, Selects Chicago For Art  ...
b PRECIOUS-Gold prices climb as tensions over Ukraine intensify
e For St. Patrick's Day, make it with Irish beer
t Lock and Load: A Look at Destiny's Weapons
e Tammy, reviewed: Don't let the previews fool you — Melissa McCarthy's latest is  ...
e After Wally Pfister's Transcendence, 13 More Artists Who Should Shift To Directing
b I-495 Bridge Closure In Delaware Causes Traffic Woes
t Iran hackers infiltrating US, Israeli accounts: Report
e Man sues British Airways over flight he wanted to book to Granada in Spain  ...
t Facebook removes cheerleader's game trophy photos
t Minutes before blast-off, new Russian rocket debut cancelled
b Gunkul grows through partnerships
t GM Recalls 1.3 Million Vehicles
e BWW TV: On the Red Carpet for Opening Night of BULLETS OVER BROADWAY!
b Siemens prepping Alstom offer, trims cash component, sources say
t A closer look at Titanfall's not-so-secret weapon: Microsoft's cloud
t Apple to stream WWDC 2014 keynote on June 2
m Blood test can predict Alzheimer's
b Fiat shares shed 10 pct on plan financing concerns
e Miley Cyrus Bangerz Tour Is Bonkerz In The Best Ways
b Combatting the influence ESPN, sports networks have on cable
m Neurology report mixed on benefits of medical pot
b Indian drug maker Sun clinches Ranbaxy in US$4b deal
t NHTSA chief: GM offered too little data
b Nokia appoints Rajeev Suri as new CEO after Microsoft takeover
e Director Wally Pfister on 'Transcendence' and More
t Supreme Court says Aero Inc. violating broadcasters' copyrights
b Musk expands search for 'gigafactory' site
b JD.com Surges in Largest-Ever Chinese IPO
e New Transformers 4 Movie Got Mostly Negative Reviews From Top Critics
b Gold falls as ETF outflows weigh
b Fisher: Ditch flawed 'dot' reports
b Oil up above $101 as US growth rate revised higher
e Kanye West Goes On Another Round Of Self-Exaltation In New Rant
e 'Opie and Anthony' host fired over racially charged tweets
b Warren Buffett puts shareholders ahead of patriotism in Tim Hortons deal
e 'Get On Up' is blessed with heart, soul, funk
e Madonna shares armpit hair pic on Instagram
e Beyoncé hints at marriage trouble by changing lyrics in ballad about cheating  ...
e '22 Jump Street' stars Hill, Tatum headline Pocono
b Alibaba's IPO Could Bring Yahoo Lots Of Cash And Then What?
b General Motors 1Q results worst since 2009 due to recall costs; CEO says sales  ...
t Samsung files patent for ear-mounted Google Glass competitor
m US News and World Report Names Holy Name Medical Center Among the Best  ...
b Adjustable-rate mortgages are on the rise, but may not be best choice for all  ...
m Smallpox Virus Vials Found In Unsecured Government Storage Room
e Aaliyah Biopic On Hold As Actress Pulls Out
e The First Teaser Trailer For 'The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part I' Is A Huge  ...
e 'Mighty Morphin Power Rangers' Reboot: Can It Dodge the 'MMPR' Curse?
t Not just for geeks: Google ties up with Ray-Ban maker Luxottica for Glass frames
t How Android One Helps, Hurts Google's Hardware Partners
t The Nokia Deal: Five Big Questions Microsoft Needs to Answer
m Research may rid peanuts of allergens
b Yes, Pfizer wants to take over AstraZeneca
e Ariana Grande Reveals She's 'Fallen Out Of Touch' With Her Father
t Nokia XL vs. Samsung Galaxy Grand 2 Specs and Price Comparison in Australia
t Sony preparing to discontinue PlayStation Portable
e Christians in Holy Land re-enact Good Friday crucifixion
b Malaysia: Files recently deleted from flight simulator of pilot aboard missing jet
t California permits self-driving cars
e 'Transcendence' Review: Johnny Depp Is a Ghost in the Machine in This Bug  ...
e 'X-Men: Days Of Future Past' Trailer: Sentinels Kill Mutants!
b Bulgaria makes more arrests over bank runs
t Brendan Eich wasn't fired: Mozilla moves to hose down speculation after CEO  ...
t Creationists Are Getting All Tantrum-y Over Exclusion from Cosmos
t See a Slice of the Cosmos in This Universe Simulator
e Avicii Cancels Festival Slot To Undergo Surgery
b Strong revenue growth more proof of AT&T transformation
t SpaceX to Launch Monday Despite Space Station Glitch
e Review: 'Dom Hemingway' makes a wreck of Jude Law and any enjoyment
e National September 11 Memorial Museum Celebrates Opening
t Nadella: Microsoft Layoffs Number 18000 to 'Evolve Our Organization and Culture'
e Conscious Uncoupling
e 'My Big Fat Greek Wedding' cast to reunite for sequel
t Qualcomm Snapdragon 805: Hands-on and benchmarked
t The FCC can't handle all the net neutrality calls it's getting, urges people to write  ...
b US 'coverup' fine barely slows Toyota earnings
b India's non-solutions for reducing inequality
t Apple-Samsung case in jury's hands, putting $2.2 billion and a sales ban on the  ...
e American Idol 2014 Top 6 Performance Show Recap: A Little Bit Country, A Little  ...
b Bacon Prices Rise After Virus Kills Millions of Baby Pigs
e Quentin Tarantino's Lawsuit Against Gawker Over The Hateful Eight Script Leak  ...
b Special Report – 2014 Mid-Year Review And Outlook
t Samsung launches Galaxy Tab S tablets
e 'Game of Thrones' showrunners tease life after the Red Wedding
b Amazon unveils Fire phone with built-in Amazon shopping support
m Editorial: Superbugs go on the march worldwide
e Love Blooms, and Fades, in PEOPLE's Most Provocative Stories of the Week
t Gas prices fall about 9 cents
e 'Mad Men' Returns, Full Of Footnotes
t Twitter Celebrates 8th Birthday With 'Find Your First Tweet' Site
e Walt Disney Studios Announces Release Dates for 2 Steven Spielberg-Helmed  ...
b Dow Jones Experiences One Of Its Worst One-Day Drops For The Year
m What not to serve at your cookout this weekend
e 'Avengers: Age of Ultron' director Joss Whedon to release his film 'In Your Eyes  ...
e Justin Bieber Declares Selena Gomez 'My Baby' at Surprise SXSW Performance  ...
m MERS cases in decline, vigilance urged for Hajj, WHO reports
b UK inflation hits new 4-year low in Feb, house prices up sharply
e 'Game of Thrones' recap: Episode 6, 'The Laws of Gods and Men'
t Militant gays harass Mozilla–what to do?
e Justin Bieber Is Still A Twerp, Despite His Okay Apology
b Auto Sales Expected to Rise 2% in March
t Surface Pro 3 release confirmation a Microsoft typo
b Rhode Island jobless rate remains highest in US
b Greece hosts unofficial Eurozone economic summit
e Elisabeth Hasselbeck Admits To Being 'Shocked' By Sherri Shepherd's  ...
e Taking the icy challenge
b Janet Yellen: Fed stimulus still needed for job market
t Facebook experiment a 'concern': Journal
t Spritz will make you a speed-reader, but is it really worth it?
b Macro Horizons: Deflation Fears Loom Over Europe
b How falling inflation and rising wages could change the political debate over the  ...
b Iraq Unrest, Rising Seasonal Demand Keeps Oil Prices Elevated
e Rare bone cancer claims singer Kevin Sharp, 43
e The Walking Dead SPOILERS: Robert Kirkman teases season 5 - 'the season  ...
b Euro Continues Fall After Draghi Comments on ECB Easing Policy--Update
t Apple iPhone 6's larger screen version goes for production next month
e 5 Things to Know This Morning
t ET game designer witnesses Atari dig
b Constancio Says Any ECB Policy Package Would Have Clear Aim
b Euro Suffers Greatest Dip In Weeks
e The Bachelorette 2014 LIVE Recap: Season 10 Episode 6 Andi Dorfman
b Turkey's Prime Minister and President at odds over Twitter ban
m Blood Test Could Predict Suicide Risk In The Future
m Alcohol Killed 3.3 Million People In 2012, World Health Organization Reports
e 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' First Trailer
e Andrew Garfield - Andrew Garfield Confronted By Kids Over Spider-man's Powers
e Justin Bieber winks, refuses to talk Selena Gomez in deposition -- VIDEO
m Artificial pancreas can restrain diabetes epidemic: Study
t Oculus VR: 'We are just scratching the surface'
b Biggest annual price gain since 2012 in Colorado, the West
m Hologic's 3D Mammography Improves Breast Cancer Screening - Analyst Blog
t Hackers, likely based in Europe, target United States energy providers, assets
m Consumer Report: Surviving a Hospital Stay
b FOMC Meeting Minutes Reveal End Date on Quantitative Easing
t Tech Firms Unite to Oppose FCC Plan to Charge them Extra for Faster Internet
e Jennifer Aniston confesses she hoards beauty products to 'save'
t Google launches referral program for Apps suite
b Thailand radar may have detected missing jetliner
m Drug trials: test match
t The Fishy Side of Climate Change
e Taylor Swift crowned music's top earner as it's announced she made £23million  ...
e One Direction, Jennifer Lawrence win big at Kids' Choice Awards
m Ebola: 'Precautions' Taken To Keep UK Safe
t Something to 'Like': Facebook cleans up News Feed of Like-baiting, spammy posts
t Facebook's free Internet app gives people in Zambia access to educational  ...
e Lady Gaga unveils duets album fall release date and debut video with Tony  ...
b American Apparel to receive $25-million from Standard General
e 'Veep,' 'Silicon Valley' renewed by HBO
t Soyuz Makes Belated but Safe Space Station Docking
b Dow tops 17000
e Dutch teenage girl arrested for pretending to be Al Qaeda member on Twitter
e A Guardians Of The Galaxy End-Credits Scene Just Leaked, Revealed Cameos
b Siemens ups bid to Alstom to include underground trains: Siemens document
t Facebook gets all contextual, can now recognise what you're listening to
t General Motors recalls 7.6 million cars for ignition switches
b US Fed announces further cut in monthly bond purchases
e 'The Bachelorette' Season 10, episode 6 photos
e Film Review: 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' is Bigger, Not Better
b GM recalls 3.4M more cars for ignition problems - WFSB 3 Connecticut
b Whole Foods squeezed by competitors
m Study says married people have fewer heart problems
b TIAA-CREF to Acquire Nuveen Investments
t Sony Joins Virtual Reality Race with New Headset for PlayStation
e 'Godzilla' director Gareth Edwards to helm 'Star Wars' spinoff movie
e AXS TV to Air Live Broadcast of Featured Acts of Week 2 of Coachella
t Office 365 For iPad Launched, Office Mobile for iOS And Android Made Free
e Review: 'Deliver Us From Evil'
e Nicola Peltz Is Killing It in White in Berlin for 'Transformers' Tour!
m Relay for Life scheduled for June 14
m 3 finalists in running for top job at MUSC
e Damn: Rob Kardashian Misses Kim Kardashian's Wedding After She Told Him  ...
b China trade surplus rises to US$18.45 billion in April
b Metro Atlanta jobless rate declines to 6.9 percent
t Hundreds of methane plumes erupting along East Coast
t Google And Viacom Finally Settle The Big YouTube Lawsuit
e Miley Cyrus gets tattoo of late dog
t Netflix reveals new prices
e GODZILLA director, BOOK OF ELI writer set for first STAR WARS spin-off...
m Saudi Arabia: Killer Flu Bug Claims More Victims
b Maine unemployment rate drops again to 6.1 percent in February
e EXCLUSIVE: Kim Kardashian and Kanye West left Irish honeymoon with unpaid  ...
e Shigeru Ban wins 2014 Pritzker Prize
e The 'least biblical film about Noah ever made' faces a deluge of criticism from  ...
b Capital-raising for startup said to peg company's valuation at 10-digit figure
t Americans See Teleportation, Lab-Grown Organs in the Future
e Sir Paul McCartney treated in hospital for illness
e #CancelColbert trending after 'Colbert Report' tweet stirs up anger
b 10 Things to Know for Today
b BNP Paribas leads European shares higher after sanctions settlement
e Kris Jenner furious Kanye won't sell wedding photos
m Oscar Pistorius' Psych Evaluation Says He Was Not Mentally Incapacitated
b Holder says no company 'too big to jail' in banking investigation
e Robert De Niro to premiere HBO documentary about his father
t Samsung Galaxy S5 price slashed by Rs 5100
t More Recalls: 2010-14 Chevrolet Camaro, 2004-11 Saab 9-3, 2012 Chevrolet  ...
t Apple expanding with 12.9-inch iPad in early 2015
e True Blood: "I Found You" Review
e Star Wars Filming Begins But Without Full Cast
t Halo 5 Concept Art Revealed
t T-Mobile's CEO Pokes at Amazon Over AT&T Exclusive
b Janet Yellen says that US economy improving, but job market, inflation far from  ...
e VIDEO: North Korean regime not amused by film about plot to assassinate Kim  ...
t Titanfall Review
t As President Mandates Pollinator Protection, EPA Lags Behind Science
t Study: Over 2/3 of Americans Would Go After Mobile Device Thieves
b Whole Foods Market Downgraded by Prime Executions to “Neutral” (WFM)
t Microsoft Convinces 12 Year Old Girl To Get The Surface 2 Over The iPad Mini
b Let's Gowex chief quits, admitting accounts were wrong
b CURRENCIES: Euro Drops Through $1.38 To One-month Low
t Here's Why Tibetans Can Live Comfortably At Crazy-High Altitudes
e All star lineup to perform at Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction bash
m Science journal retracts paper on stem cell discovery
b Second Market outbid in U.S. Marshals bitcoin auction
t Amazon smartphone with 3D capable display rumoured for June announcement
t State officials to notify 1.3 million of computer breach
e Easter Candy: How Many Calories Are In Cadbury Eggs, Peeps And Chocolate  ...
b Twitter Continues Shaking Things Up By Hiring New CFO
t Mozilla CEO resignation sets off debate: #tellusatoday
e VIDEO PHOTOS Real Housewives star in Lady Gaga's GUY music video
b Can "Frozen" continue to bring the heat for Disney?
t Nokia X Lineup Won't Be Updated To X Platform 2.0
m Experts call for Tamiflu use to be reviewed
e Handwritten Lyrics To Bob Dylan's Iconic Anti-Establishment Song "Like A  ...
t Does Nissan want to join Tesla Motors, BMW on electric-car charging talks?
t Leaked HTC Document Claims 2013 HTC One to Receive Sense 6.0 Update in  ...
m Study suggests dogs are able to detect prostate cancer
e Jessica Simpson weds ex-NFL player
b IKEA To Hike Minimum Wage To $10.76/Hour
e Days of Future Past Has a New Trailer and Poster, and One of Them Is a Hot  ...
t Google finds right to be forgotten 'difficult', but says it's 'learning'
t T-Mobile US Inc.'s share price down, offers free iPhone trials, music services to  ...
b Governor names Job Service executive director
m Aspirin Use May Help Reduce Risk of Pancreatic Cancer
t Lunar eclipse makes for eerie 'blood moon' as skywatchers see Earth's satellite  ...
e Robert Pattinson denies rumours that he'll play Indiana Jones
t “The Internet's Own Boy”: How the government destroyed Aaron Swartz
e Anna Paquin Talks Shooting True Blood Love Scene - Directed by Husband  ...
e Sorry, Not Even a Beyonce Concert Could Save This VMAs
b Men's Wearhouse, JA Bank sew up $1.8B deal
m A Few Miles Can Make the Difference Between Getting Health Care or Being  ...
e Prince, label reach agreement
e Kim Kardashian Steps Out In Cleavage-Baring Dress After Vogue Cover Reveal
e KFIX Rock News: Handwritten Bob Dylan Lyrics Could Bring $2 Million At Auction
m Novartis to work with FDA on path forward for RLX030 for acute heart failure  ...
e Original Alien cast reunite to voice new game DLC
e NKorea denounces Kim assassination comedy
b BoE Gets Management Shakeup
b Bears taking control of the NASDAQ
t Google Making A Modular Smartphone
b Google (GOOG) Falls After Hours on Disappointing Earnings Report
t The Newest Facebook Feature: Sharing Your Location with Friends
m Massachusetts starts over on its troubled health exchange website
b Wells Fargo Mortgage Rates: Fixed, ARM and FHA Refinance Mortgage Rates  ...
e Actress Ruby Dee dies at 91
b Stay on track, Bill
b Monetary stimulus tools run up against obstacle in troubled banks, impact may  ...
t Motorola's Next Handset to Roll Out in May
b Home Prices Fall in January from December
b Barclays cuts jobs
m HEALTHBEAT: Scientists seeking healthy seniors at risk of Alzheimer's in bid to  ...
t Graco gives in to US safety agency demands, agrees to recall 1.9M infant car seats
m Calculating the strength of a drink
b Folgers, Dunkin' Brand Coffee Prices Rise 9%
b Fast Food Workers Take Demand for Better Pay Global
t BlackBerry bets on Z3 in Indonesia
b Southwest Should Get $12M Fine for Non-Compliant Repairs: FAA
e Pharrell Turns Ballet Practice Into Dance-a-Thon for "Marilyn Monroe" Video
b Hewlett-Packard to expand job cuts across the board
b Improving Job Market Propelling Rebound in US Economic Growth
b JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon Says Diagnosed With Throat Cancer
t Free Interactive Titanfall Companion App Launched for Android
t New Discovery Reveals Insight Into Feathers, Flight Of Archaeopteryx
e Kacy Catanzaro Dominates American Ninja Warrior [VIDEO]
t Amazon to release smartphone
b GM CEO Mary Barra's Stark Apology: 'Terrible Things Happened'
b Roundup: HK stocks close 0.06 pct higher
b TGI Fridays takes chance on 'endless' appetizers
b Latest gee-whiz cruise ship feature: robot bartenders
e Fox cuts 'American Idol' hours, unveils Batman show
e Zack Snyder Teases New Batmobile
b Hillshire Brands to Acquire Pinnacle Foods for $4.3 Billion
m MERS Vaccine Developers Prepared for 'Pandemic of Disastrous Proportions'
t Tesla to share electric car technology with other car
b Lilly Announces $5.4 Billion Acquisition
b Oracle Corporation quarterly results disappoint Wall Street
e Could 'Two Days, 1 Night' make Cannes history?
t Starbucks Introducing Wireless Charging Spots
e The New Noah Trailer Is Downright Scary
b Politics weakening HK's financial strength, Yam warns
m 3D mammography detects more invasive cancers and reduces call-back rates
e Kanye West marries Kim Kardashian in Florence, Italy
m Researchers Roll Out Fresh Data On E-Cigarettes
e Miley Cyrus Shocks Diners As She 'Splashes £2000 On Food' As Bangerz Tour  ...
m Autism, everything starts in the womb
e Miley Cyrus' Tour Bus Burst Into Flames
e Tips for navigating Diagon Alley, opening Tuesday at Universal
t For multiple platforms Watch Dogs
b Wall Street ends higher as Internet, biotech names lift Nasdaq
b Walmart Starts Wire Transfer Service
b MTA reaches pact with bus, subway workers; no deal yet for LIRR unions
b Oil up above $101 as US growth rate revised higher
b Crude oil trading outlook: WTI and Brent futures continue slide after US oil report  ...
e Last-minute gift ideas for Mom
e Jessica Simpson Flaunts Slim Figure In Cutout Bathing Suit: Get It Here
e Johnny Depp & Amber Heard's Medieval Inspired Star-Studded Engagement Party
e Lil Wayne Performs 'Krazy' & 'Believe Me' at 2014 BET Awards
e How Not to Write About Melissa McCarthy
t Google toying with desktop Gmail overhaul
t Maker of hit puzzle game '2048' says he created it over a weekend
m Science writer rips Jenny McCarthy after she denies being anti-vaccine
b Money Know-How? American Teens Are, Well, Just Average
b Target 'Respectfully Requests' No Guns In Stores After Social Media Debate
t eBAY, you keep using that word 'SECURITY'. I do not think it means what you  ...
m Multiple Sunburns Before Age 20 Increases Melanoma Risk Substantially
e JJ Abrams has made some bold and brilliant casting choices for Star Wars  ...
b Irish Bond Gain Pushes Yields Below U.K. on ECB-Led Recovery
t LG G3 Hands-on and Overview
e SNL Skit- Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield Bring on the Laughs in Hilarious  ...
t Astronomers pinpoint coolest White Dwarf star — an Earth-sized diamond
b High-frequency traders move into the line of fire
e Tracy Morgan 'Shows Signs of Improvement,' But Still Critical, Rep Says
t Project Morpheus: Sony Unveils Virtual Reality Headset for Playstation 4
b Twitter Q2 results soar, stock flies high
m Free summer meals at Oakwood for children
t Feds identify 3 major threats to orca comeback
t Google, Luxottica seal eyewear partnership
b Square starts offering data driven cash advances to small businesses
b London midday: China slowdown fears hit stocks, AstraZeneca sinks
t NASA Unveils 'Global Selfie,' an Image of Earth Made from 36000 Selfies
e 'Mr. Peabody And Sherman' Rules Box Office For Second Consecutive Week
e Ryan Murphy's 'The Normal Heart' has A-list cast to tell heart wrenching story of  ...
e Guardians of the Galaxy puts the 'comic' back in comic book characters
b France says mooted BNP Paribas' $10bn US fine "unreasonable"
b Is the ECB considering quantitative easing?
e Toby Kebbell Will Play Doctor Doom in 'The Fantastic Four' Reboot
e 'I Wanna Marry Harry' (as in Prince) reality series
b CEOs See US Economy Expanding in 2014
e Extradition of Jewish museum killings accused
t Zero-dark Demise: Google Mobilizes Revolutionary Cybersecurity Force
t Expect fewer tech companies in future: Intel CEO
t Facebook's Slingshot App Reappears After Leak
e Leslie Mann, Cameron Diaz discuss their new comedy 'The Other Woman'
b Shell Offloads $5bn Worth of Shares in Australia's Woodside
t Video: Apple subtly trolls Samsung's Galaxy S5 in new iPhone 5s ad
b Massachusetts housing market bouncing back, but not in Greater Fall River
t The Web site that remembers things Google forgot
e Mick Jagger's Rolling Stones bandmates express concerns for frontman as  ...
b BMO Harris Bank: Tuesday's Rates for Home Mortgages Mar 18
e Justin Bieber, Selena Gomez together again after racist videos scandal
t New MacBook Pro, MacBook Air, iPhone 6 & iPads 2014 to benefit from Apple  ...
t 5 More Tech Companies Ready to Supercharge Your Virtual Reality
t Hyundai overstated mileage in revamped sedan
b 10-year Treasury yield hits nearly one-year low
e Guardians of the Galaxy: A funny, smart space epic
b When Nasdaq Lags, The Overall Market Tends To Suffer
e Lightning strikes twice for Sharknado series
e Tammy - Susan Sarandon's Glow Had To Be Dimmed For Grandma Role In  ...
b Swiss to Vote on $25 Minimum Wage
t NASA Announces Mars 2020 Rover Payload to Explore the Red Planet as Never  ...
m Florida Seniors Drinking, Walking A Lot
e 'Maps to the Stars' trailer: Robert Pattinson gets steamy in a car -- VIDEO
e Lea Michele is Not Pregnant - Her Twitter Was Hacked!
e Kim Kardashian Wears Sheer Getup While Supporting Kanye West At 2014  ...
b China hits out at US, Japan over South China Sea stand off
t Update Nexus 7 LTE (2013) to Android 4.4.3 KTU84L KitKat Stock Firmware
e Jena Irene sings 'Bring Me To Life' on American Idol Top 9
t Earthrise Captured By NASA's Reconnaissance Orbiter
b Outlook: ASX looks up before RBA rates decision
t Cisco, IBM and Intel aim for Industry Internet of Things adoption through new non  ...
m Compulsory Ebola Steps - Schools Shut, EJS Cancels Obama Trip
e Are Joe Manganiello and Sofia Vergara an item?
e Feds reverse approval of powdered alcohol
t Mars Rover Opportunity sets new distance record, still finding weird pics
b PIMCO Total Return Outflows Top $64B: Morningstar
t Samsung's 7-inch Galaxy Tab 4 now in Indian online
b Michaels Stores Inc (MIK) Trades Sideways Following IPO
e George Lucas Chooses Chicago Instead of SF For His New Museum
t Why don't octopus arms grab each other?
e The Grammy winners performed two dozen tracks as they celebrated 20 years in  ...
m High-tech electronic headband may help prevent migraines
m Wanted: Minnesota medical marijuana administrator
t Kick off Earth Day with a light show in the sky
e 5 movies starring Eli Wallach
t Dev Explains Why Secret Ponchos At 1080p, 60fps Won't Be On Xbox One
e Jessica Chastain to star in 'True Detective' Season 2?
b Insurers Could Face Suits Over Fannie-Freddie Insurance Prices
e What celebrity divorces tell us
b Brent holds above $111, US oil in longest losing streak since 2009
b Coca-Cola's profit dips but more drinks sold
t FCC must maintain net neutrality rules
b Jitters over Iraq violence driving up pump prices in Canada
b Shire Accepts $55 B Offer, Asia Drives Hermes Sales
e 'Breaking Bad' goes out with bang at Emmys
t Dampwood Termite's Genome Sequencing Done
b Europe Lifts Goldman Advisory Revenue
e Phil Collins is giving away his vast collection of Texas Revolution artefacts.
b Alcoa to buy jet engine component maker for $2.85bn
b HanesBrands to Buy France's DBApparel From Sun Capital
m Help Finish the Fight Against Cancer During Relay For Life of Faulkner County
b Today's Gold price per ounce and silver price contract close review Spot gold  ...
t Major Meteor Shower Saturday
b British greenhouse gas emissions decline
b EU slaps new sanctions on 15 top politicians over Ukraine row
m African Health Ministers Outline Priority Actions to End the Ebola Outbreak In  ...
t VLC launches on Windows 8, no Windows RT support just yet
b International arbitration court orders Russia to pay $50 billion to former Yukos  ...
t U.S. World Cup audience grows; Amazon to debut phone; How Clintons reduced  ...
m Poor diagnosis driving global multidrug-resistant TB
e Lorde Jumped At Chance To Work On The Hunger Games: Mockingjay
e 'True Blood' releases trailer for season 7 and shows chaos, panic
t Facebook gets into fitness tracking with purchase of popular iPhone app Moves
t Google Glass gets upgrade to 2GB of RAM, along with new features
b SA faces ratings downgrade
b White House: Health law signups over 6 million
t What's different about the Samsung Galaxy S5 LTE-A display?
e Renowned poet and author Maya Angelou dies @ 86
t Google makes driverless car without steering wheel, brake-pedal: Report
t Huge layoffs at Microsoft signal new path for company
e Rolf Harris found guilty of 12 counts of indecent assault against four girls by  ...
e Wiz Khalifa Arrested: 'Black and Yellow' Rapper Charged With Marijuana  ...
m Merck: Hepatitis C Drug Shows 98% Cure Rate in Mid-Stage Trial
e Justin Bieber Uses N-word Again, Sings About Joining Ku Klux Klan in Leaked  ...
b Satya Nadella: Microsoft's Chief Believability Officer
t Tesla Motors Says It Will Allow Others To Use Its Patents
t Windows Phone 8.2 Features Hinted By Anonymous Microsoft Employee
e Exodus: When Actors Decide to Leave the Shows We Love
e Interview: Twitch Talks To Miss Piggy About MUPPETS MOST WANTED
e WATCH: Two Chimps Watch 'Planet Of The Apes,' Proceed To Take Over The  ...
b Italy Manufacturing Continues Robust Growth In May
e 'Dancing With the Stars': Maks wants to judge
e Grammy-Award Winning 'Godfather of House Music,' Frankie Knuckles, Passes  ...
b Russia-China gas deal no threat to Canadian West Coast LNG prospects  ...
b A Purge In The Making? Heads Of HR And Global Communications Abruptly  ...
e Pharrell's 'Happy' to be played on loop for 13 days on radio station
e MTV Video Music Awards 2014 to return to Los Angeles
b Pinnacle Foods (PF) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday
b Should You Buy Hewlett-Packard After Earnings?
m 3.3 Million Alcohol-related Deaths In 2012, WHO Reports
m Only Approved Treatment to Demonstrate Prolonged Clotting Factor Circulation  ...
b US Fed chief voices concerns over housing market slowdown
b In the world's interconnected airspace, flights over conflict zones are common
b Alcoa Makes The Turn, Aluminum Is The New Steel (AA)
t Resetting All Passwords Now May Be Worst Heartbleed Fix
e Jennifer Love Hewitt is headed back to CBS.
e Movie clock
t What Elon Musk did -- and did not -- do when he "opened" Tesla's patents
e Bob Dylan Like a Rolling Stone lyrics sell for $2M
e Cool Videos: Marvel looks back on Phases 1 & 2 plus Thanos!
b Maryland set to switch health exchanges, Washington Post reports
e Final 'Game Of Thrones' trailer revealed – watch
t Samsung Galaxy K Zoom Now Available For Rs 29999 Along With Offers Worth  ...
e Cops called to party with Justin Bieber, Johnny Manziel and Floyd Mayweather
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West visit Ireland
m E-cigarette market boom targets youth
m FDA approves new type 2 diabetes drug
b $47 Billion Pharmaceutical Takeover Offer Rejected
e Anna Kendrick hits sour note on 'Saturday Night Live' 0
e Box Office Predictions: X-Men: Days Of Future Past Could Double First Class  ...
e North West didn't wear makeup and Kim Kardashian never once acted the diva  ...
b The $45 Billion Question: Will Comcast Deal Put a Chokehold on the Internet?
e ?Muppets Most Wanted' movie in theaters Friday
b Kim Dotcom firm eyes 'backdoor listing' in New Zealand
b FHA Mortgage Rates, Fixed and VA Mortgage Loans at US Bank and Quicken  ...
t 'Surprised' Microsoft Works With China as Windows 8 Excluded (1)
m Report urges FDA to regulate e-cigarettes
e Shaun White Gave One Teen At Mount Saint Joseph Prom The Surprise Of A  ...
e The Big Bang Theory Cancelled? Hit CBS Comedy Stalled Due to Contract  ...
b Why Vietnam Can't Count on Its Neighbors to Rally Against China
e Bieber continues Twitter row with Rogen
e Actor Chadwick Boseman takes on another historical figure in biopic 'Get on Up'
e Review: 'The Purge: Anarchy' just torture porn
e 'Spinder-Man 2' ropes in $92 million debut
b AstraZeneca ramps up defence against Pfizer as it hikes long-term revenue  ...
b More anti-China rallies set
e Actor Russell Crowe: Noah movie criticism 'bordering on absolute stupidity'
e Angelina Jolie never thought she`d find love or have kids
t Destiny video discusses weapons, armor and loot
m Breast screening with 3-D may find more cancer than usual scans
m Swiss firm targeted in Schumacher theft probe
e The Daily Bugle Hints at Villains for Future 'Spider-Man' Spinoffs
t Huge “Supermoon” Lights Up the Sky (Video)
b Mutual fund managers in the green after Nuveen sale
b Wal-Mart is hurting for shoppers
e #CancelColbert: Stephen Colbert denies racist tweet
e GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY Review: He Said, She Said
e Ariana Grande Announces New Album 'My Everything,' Teases 'Break Free  ...
t Microsoft unveils “Windows 8.1 with Bing” for low-cost devices
b Forex - Euro higher vs. dollar ahead of euro zone PMI data
t US Dragon spacecraft launched
b Mark Carney: Why central banking became 'fatally flawed'
t Wild chicken from hell once roamed Dakotas
b Hang Seng flat, Shanghai down
m Samaritan's Purse Volunteers Tackle Deadly Ebola Outbreak in West Africa
t Facebook Is Once Again Designing An App To Compete Against Snapchat
e Man Sues Airline After Flying to Grenada Instead of Granada
t BBM Now Has 85 Million Active Users
t Moto E is unveiled even before Motorola's event in London
b PRESS DIGEST - Hong Kong - June 27
b Under Transportation Department plan, advertised airfares must include fees
t 3 Black Holes Locked in a Triple Orbit
t Subscription Service for Kindle is introduced by Amazon
t Samsung announce the Galaxy K, a serious smartphone snapper
t Gas prices going up in Birmingham
e Jessica Simpson marries Eric Johnson after a near four-year engagement
e Ryan Gosling's top five fashion motifs
e ABBA celebrate 40 years since breakthrough with party, no regrets
m Marijuana's health effects need more study, say experts
e CFDA Awards 2014: Rihanna Wears Completely See-Through Dress, Pink Stole  ...
b Osborne hits back at economic critics
e Harris jailed for child abuse
e Kendall & Kylie Jenner Flash Their Stems On Stage At The MuchMusic Video  ...
b 1ST LEAD German investor confidence drops on economic worries By Andrew  ...
t Android TV to Challenge Apple, Amazon and Roku (Report)
t Google backs Glass, the face of the future
e Simon Cowell: I 'regret' affair with Lauren Silverman
m Missouri to bar teenagers from buying e-cigarettes
m Conversion therapy bill advances
e Uncoupled: Paltrow‚ Martin part ways
b Australian market set to open higher
t HTC One M8 (2014) Vs. HTC One (2013): What's Changed?
e Cody Simpson defends Justin Bieber following Orlando Bloom altercation
t Amazon launches a Netflix-style subscription service for books
t Xbox One Launches in China in Late-September
b Bank of America shares up 1.5% in pre-market after Q2 earnings report
e Dude Buys a Bunch of Tickets to 'Transformers' to Prove a Girl Wrong
t Samsung Galaxy Ace Style: Low price mid-range phone launched
e Michael Strahan makes "GMA' debut
b Idaho's unemployment rate dropped to 5.2 percent in March
e New IMAX Poster Released For Maleficent
e Listen: London Grammar cover INXS hit for Game of Thrones
t First Artificial Life Form Created
m Study of noninvasive retinal imaging device presented at Alzheimer's conference
t Amazon's Smartphone: Four Cameras, 3D Screen
b FedEx 4th quarter profit rises on growth in ground shipping
b Reuters: Reverse Market is Mortgage Growth Spot
e 'Captain America' Victorious For The Third Time At The Box Office
b Riders relieved Philadelphia rail strike is over - WSMV Channel 4
e 'Noah' treads water amid stunning imagery
e Movie review: 'Sabotage'
b Illegal tariffs China imposes on US produced cars and SUV exports
e Bowe Bergdahl's ex-comrades tell their side of the story on Capitol Hill
e Twitter removes #Music from App Store, to pull plug on app on April 18
t NASA to launch global warming satellite after loss (Update)
b Target Experiencing Checkout Issues At Some US Stores
t Despite the Recall Mess, GM Ups Its Guidance
m Pink out Sunday
t Instagram given banhammer in Iran
e Prince Harry and Cressida Bonas Set to Meet the Queen at Balmoral: Royal  ...
e 'Transformers 4: Age of Extinction' is today's Movie Trailer of the Day
e Willow Smith in Bed with Shirtless Actor
e David and Victoria Beckham celebrate their 15th anniversary
b China's Yuppies Are New Market Force for Global Automakers
e David Muir replacing Diane Sawyer at 'World News'
t Samsung planning to launch Galaxy Tab S, with fingerprint sensor soon: Reports
t Domestication Syndrome: Your Pet's Cute Features A Result Of Genetic Deficit
b Bitcoin auction ends with mystery bidder winning entire cache
e Celebrate Cinco de Mayo
t Time for a career change? Here's what being Bitcoin's beloved robber baron  ...
e Batman prequel Gotham leads Fox's new schedule
b Oil Inches Up as Signs of Healthy Supply Tempered by Libya
b Jessica Alba's The Honest Co. Valued at $1 Billion, Ready For IPO
e Box office preview: 'Divergent' faces off against 'Muppets Most Wanted'
e Khloe Kardashian's Boyfriend May Be Even Worse Than We Suspected
e Lindsay Lohan Suing 'Grand Theft Auto' Creators For Stealing Her Identity
e Tila Tequila Announces Pregnancy On Facebook!
t Bardarbunga Volcano: Iceland Raises Alert As Emissions Menace
e Noah : A Visually Impressive Film That Is Sure To Generate Controversy And More.
t Microsoft reviews policies after admitting search of customer email
t FBI: BlackShades infected 500K computers
b The Walt Disney Company (NYSE:DIS): To Release AR Rahman's Million Dollar  ...
t PlayStation 4 Update 1.70 to Bring SHAREfactory Video Editor, Details Inside
t NASA launches carbon-measuring satellite from Vandenberg Air Force Base
t Congress members question General Motors CEO about recall
t Apple Devices iJacked
b Japan's Topix Reaches Six-Month High on Earnings Optimism
m CDC Report Finds One in 10 Deaths Among Working-Age Adults Due to  ...
t Microsoft Says Complies With Law in China Amidst Probe
e [WATCH] Rep. John Lewis breaks it down to Pharrell's 'Happy'
e Big Bang Theory's Sara Gilbert Weds Linda Perry In 'Beautiful' Ceremony The  ...
m State-By-State Rates of Opioid Prescriptions
e Police to investigate Casey Kasem's wife for elder abuse
m Benzinga's Volume Movers
m Deadly flesh-eating bacteria found in Florida ocean sparks new health warnings
e 12 Easter events around the Valley
b AT&T: Opportunity Lurks In Dangerous Places
e New Queen Album Will Feature Unreleased Freddie Mercury Songs
t Ex-Dictator Sues 'Call of Duty'
t Why Do Domestic Mammals Share Characteristic Traits?
b Shire aims to double its sales by 2020
t More than 100 arrested in global crackdown on peeping tom malware
t Flappy Bird Cheats, Hack, & How To Beat Flappy Bird High Score on iOS 7  ...
b Can Monetary Policy Be Run on Mathematical Rules?
e Video: Blake Shelton Duets With Shakira at 2014 ACM Awards
e Zac Efron, Seth Rogen sort of grow up in 'Neighbors'
b Expected cost of health care law is lowered
t Android Permissions Vulnerability Leaves Mobiles Open to Remote Exploitation
b Jamie Dimon's cancer sparks successor question
e Ellen DeGeneres, Portia de Rossi News: 'Arrested Development' Star Suffered  ...
t Is Zuckerberg Nuts To Spend $2B on Oculus VR?
m Having eczema may reduce your risk of skin cancer
t Federal Trade Commission clears Facebook's WhatsApp deal, but demands  ...
b Ukraine still hasn't paid Russia anything for gas - Russian minister
e Kim Kardashian leaves private bash at Eiffel Tower with her girlfriends after  ...
t ZeniMax sues Oculus over virtual reality Rift tech
b 'Dark Pool' IEX eyes stock exchange status
b Pending Home Sales Drop for Eighth Straight Month in February
m Country ranked second best place in region to be a mother
e Lohan sues Grand Theft Auto makers
b New swathe of online services disrupted in China; activists see HK protest link
e Behind The Scenes: 'Maleficent' (Exclusive)
t Lilbits (3-24-2014): Closer look at the LG Smart Watch (and HTC M8)
m Coffee may be good for your eyes
t Lunar eclipse: 'Blood moon' sparks woes about biblical prophecy of apocalypse
t GM recalls millions of vehicles, nearing record
t Bill prompted by GM recall would make 'early warning' data public
b Local teens in world's top five for financial literacy
e Dolly Parton thrills crowd at Glastonbury
b Top 10 Dow Dividend Stocks for May
b US Futures Near Flat as Q1 Earnings Season Starts - Small Business  ...
e Beloved comic dies at 93
b Mothercare: Destination Maternity bid "significantly undervalues" the business
e Meet Ted Allen, Master of Ceremonies at the JBF awards
b American Airlines withdraws fares from Orbitz
e 'The Voice: Orlando singer otherwordly
t White House unveils dire warning on climate change
t YouTube Superstars? Yahoo Wants You and is Willing to Pay
t Android 4.4.3 For Galaxy S5 And Galaxy S4 Being Tested
m High protein diet, including some fish, could stave off that future stroke
e Paul Walker Car Crash Caused by “Unsafe Speed”
m Nation &* World Briefs 03-25-14 Study ties breast gene to high-risk uterine cancer
t Red Hat raises revenue forecast on strong subscription growth
e How To Train Your Dragon 2 Matured Into A Glorious Sequel
t Google buys text-translation app, names new Glass chief
m Foster Farms recalls dozens of chicken products, potential salmonella  ...
b Here's How Shady Tax Preparers Plan to Steal Your Money
b Emerging stocks hit 17-month high
e Go go Power Rangers: A new Power Rangers movie is actually happening
e If Kim Kardashian Is Still Eating On Her 'Extreme' Diet, Is It Really That Extreme?
t Google's 1Q earnings disappoint as ad prices slip
b Advisory board recommends ousting of most of Target's board
t Dodge Charger Hellcat Set for Halloween Debut?
e Win passes and prizes for Transformers: Age of Extinction screening June 25 in  ...
e Twitter's Sophomore Album: New Music Strategy To Focus On Conversations  ...
b UPDATE 1-France set to miss key deficit target -European Commission
b IKEA to hike hourly pay in US by 17%, the most in 10 years
b EBay forecasts sales that miss analysts' highest estimates
e Miley Cyrus Performs On Bangerz Tour In Leeds UK
t Woz explains why he sold the 'worthless' Galaxy Gear after only a day
t IBM to offer Apple's iPads, iPhones for business users
t Apple Inc rival Xiaomi to enter 10 new countries as expansion accelerates
e Ultra Music Festival Announces Details Of The Ultra Live Stream
e 'Boyhood' made with a handshake, a dream and a lot of luck
e Angelina Jolie open to entering politics
e 15 Things You Should Expect To See At Kimye's Extravagant Italian Wedding!
t Galaxy S5 Up for Pre-Orders on Three UK, Price Details Revealed
b Netflix is raising prices for its monthly service
b U.S. to File Suit Against Citi if It Doesn't Raise Offer
t 44% of those who joined Twitter never posted a single tweet: report
e Child urinated on plane seat after tarmac toilet torment
e 'True Blood' Final Episode Thank You: Watch Sookie Ask Whether God Made Us  ...
t Sony, Shanghai Oriental Pearl to set up China PlayStation JVs
e UPDATE: Broadchurch hat-trick at BAFTAs
e 'Tammy' movie review: Melissa McCarthy once again plays to crude type
e 'I'm Not Sleeping With That Girl:' Floyd Mayweather Speaks On TI Fight
t Net Neutrality Rules Scheduled For FCC Vote This Week
b Citigroup Fails Fed Stress Test as Goldman, BofA Alter Plans
t Court rejects Google on Street View privacy suit
b ECB holds interest rates steady
m 12 new Mers cases in Abu Dhabi
b Burger King Worldwide Inc. (BKW) Planning To Expand Internationally With Tim  ...
b Fed cuts monthly asset purchases by US$10bil a month
t Microsoft says Xbox One sales cross five million
e HBO Signs Exclusive Streaming Deal with Amazon
e Juliette Binoche, Kristen Stewart in “Clouds of Sils Maria” trailer
e Colbert blows up show's official Twitter account
e “Brady Bunch” Actress Ann B. Davis Dies
t Google faces deluge of requests to wipe details from search index
e Brad Pitt And Angelina Jolie Are Teaming Up For Another Movie, And That's All  ...
e Beyonce Performs in Assless Bodysuit for 'On the Run' Tour Opening Show
b New York's high court upholds local bans on fracking
t Tim Cook waxes eloquent on Apple's 'green side' in new video
e Walk Jesus' steps to crucifixion from your PC
t NASA Helps Planet Earth Come Together For A "Global Selfie"
b Time Inc. Sets Date for IPO
b How Proposed Johnson/Crapo Legislation Could Affect Multifamily
b Intel is losing billions every year on tablets and smartphones
b Keeping Tesla Out Of New York Amounts To More Of The Same Old Crony  ...
m Toxic jerky treats linked to more than 1000 dog deaths, FDA says
m Infected by Panic
t Samsung rolls out Knox 2.0 enterprise security suite to Galaxy S5 handsets
t Google Now Arrives On Chrome For Desktop Users
b New Hepatitis Drug Worth $1000 per Pill Questioned by Democrats
m Woman in coma gives birth to healthy baby
t IPCC: the world must go renewable
t On T-Mobile, you can now stream music without hurting your data plan
e Spain's bull run begins in Pamplona amid protests
b Lanzhou Rids Pollutants off Contaminated Tap Water in Two District
e Joe Manganiello: 'Sabotage' co-star Arnold Schwarzenegger is my 'childhood hero'
e Former NBA player: 'Tough day' being reported dead
m FDA approves device for migraine treatment
e Ed Sheeran wows Glastonbury crowd with stripped back set
e Lionsgate Dates Johnny Depp-Starrer 'Mortdecai' For February 2015
m Paralysis 2
b Kellogg Agrees To Drop 'All Natural' Kashi Claims
b GM to seek court protection
b UPDATE 1-Swiss regulator says investigating staff at BNP's Geneva unit
b Intuit profit jumps 20 pct as demand rises for TurboTax, QuickBooks
t Hands-on video of the new HTC One M8 leaks ahead of March 25 announcement
m Rust Belt city named the fattest in America
m FBI investigating vials of smallpox uncovered in unsecured lab near Washington  ...
b Congressional Hearing On California Water Visits Fresno
b Oil prices up as militants close in on Baghdad
t Facebook Buys Oculus So You Can Take a Virtual Vacation
m New study links marijuana use to heart attack, stroke
b Weekly commodities wrap-up
e Chag Sameach from the Prime Minister
t Heartbleed Bug Discovered In Cisco, Juniper Gear
t Android 4.4.4 update is now available for the Google Play edition Moto G
t Samsung may have outed the Galaxy S5 DX (mini) on its own website
b Two Passenger Planes Almost Collide at Barcelona Airport
e Pat Patterson Comes Out As Gay (Video)
e 'Time Is Illmatic' Review: Illmatic For the People (Who Are Already Fans of Nas)
t We'll Find Alien Life in This Lifetime, Scientists Tell Congress
t Microsoft to offer Xbox One without Kinect and drop price to $399
m Hampton Roads Prostate Health Forum Aims For Awareness, Prevention
m FDA approves new antibiotic from Durata Therapeutics for common skin  ...
t Google pushes for Android as mobile software spreads
b Gas Prices Dip Four Cents in Delaware
b Bank of England holds UK interest rates at 0.5%
m E-cigarette TV ads pose hazard to teens and young adults
t Updated terms of service allow Google to scan your emails
e 'Scandal' star Columbus Short arrested for public intoxication
b Citigroup fails Federal Reserve's stress test
b Barclays fined £26m for gold price setting failures
e 'Blatant mischaracterization of a man of God'
m Soda in New York: Court Removes Ban on Large Sugary Drinks
t Mercedes Recalls 284000 C-Class Cars Over Rear Light Issue
t Drive cars for free at Ford EcoBoost Challenge
t New Mozilla CEO Addresses Anti-Gay Marriage Donation
b Missing flight MH370: Plane tracking to be improved to prevent repeat of  ...
e Lindsay Lohan: I had a miscarriage
t Google begins 'forgetting' 70000 | Bangkok Post: Most recent
b British unemployment rate drops below 7%
e Rap Genius Cofounder Resigns After "Insensitive" Comments On Mass  ...
e Chris Brown's Verdict Is… Delayed! Find Out When Breezy Will Face Justice  ...
e Quentin Tarantino Hateful Eight suit against Gawker dismissed
e Wilmer Valderrama's Twitter Account Hacked, Intimate Pictures Of Demi Lovato  ...
b Car Sales On the Rise
t New flying drones you will see soon
b Fiat Chrysler unveils its five-year plan
e 'Transcendence' transcends expectations
e Jason Momoa Still Won't Confirm Aquaman, But He's Ready to Play a Superhero
e Kanye West Smiles Sweetly at His Bride, Kim Kardashian
t EBay users may still be at risk after changing their passwords
e The first picture of Henry Cavill as Superman in "Batman v. Superman: Dawn of  ...
e VIDEO Journey's Steve Perry takes stage for first time in 19 years!
b Burger King Could Cease to be American
b International markets roundup
m 'Sex' Mobile Apps Increase the Risk of Sexually Transmitted Infections
t Sprint LG G2 KitKat Update Rollout, Verizon LG G2 Android 4.4.2 in Queue
b Capital One Earnings Rise
e PHOTOS Brad Paisley and Westboro Baptist Church members pose for an ironic  ...
t Xbox One July Update Details Revealed, Snap Mode for Achievements Included
b Pinterest Rolling Out Promoted Pins, Native Ads In Search Feeds
t Sony Xperia C3 arrives with 5MP selfie camera, Android 4.4 Kitkat
b Senate Committee Agrees to Reform Housing, Wind Down GSEs
t Mercedes-Benz is Seen as the Favorite of Investors this Year
e Rihanna's CFDA dress was covered with Swarovski crystals
e Godzilla Sequel Underway at Warner Bros.
t Ford recalls 692000 Escapes
t As iWatch development gathers steam, Apple on medical expert hiring spree
m New study urges pregnant women to be more diligent behind the wheel
b UPDATE 2-New York's Schneiderman seeks curbs on high-frequency traders
b Nations Primary Care System Holding Up Well So Far Under Obamacare
e Marvel Spider-Man Legends Infinite Series Electro Toy Review
b Apple's IOS Update Glitch
b Global markets slip ahead of Fed, investors eye Russia-Ukraine
e Tribeca Film Festival 2014: Documentary on Nas' 'Illmatic' Opens Festival at  ...
t Sea Turtle Amputee Swims Again with Fighter Jet-Like Prosthetic
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 3 – Comparing the Features  ...
e Video: Mayor drops F-bomb in declaring big day for LA
t Expert: Refinery maintenance cause of spike in gas prices
m VA Asks For $18B to Hire Medical Staff, Lease Space
e James Gunn Comments On Edgar Wright Leaving Production Of Ant-Man
t 'Google Fit' rumored as upcoming Android health data collection service
m Skin cancer cases almost double in 20 years
b Egypt gov't dramatically raises fuel, electricity prices
e Weekend box office: 'Transformers' gives 2014 its first $100 million opener
b Jim Cramer's wrong — the Fed should talk valuations
e Justin Bieber's Racist Joke Apology Actually Gets It Right
t Apple owns Beats, but the brand is still alive at HP
t Titanfall review: my buddy
e Watch the First 'Peanuts' Movie Trailer
m Alcohol-Related Deaths Hit 3.3 Million in 2012
b Dixons reveals surge in profits as it sees 'glimmers' of a consumer recovery
t A Billion Downloads Later, Temple Run Creator Thinks About the Future (And  ...
t Astronomers spot Earth-sized white dwarf star made of diamond
m Free HIV testing available Thursday afternoon in Fresno
b GE net profit rises
b List of brands of Hillshire Brands, Pinnacle Foods
b First Kurdistan Oil Export Is Welcome News for US Oil Companies
b KeyBanc Comments on Tyson's (TSN) Q2
e Recap: 'Game Of Thrones' Season 4 Episode 7 'Mockingbird' Flies Us To The  ...
t U.N. Panel: Poorest Will Suffer Brunt of Global Warming's Impact
t Sony's selfie phone Xperia C3 with 5MP front camera and flash now official
e New Michael Jackson album “XSCAPE” taps unreleased material
t Chase Culpepper: South Carolina teen forced to remove his makeup for driver's  ...
t Iranian court summons Mark Zuckerberg to answer privacy concerns
m No surgery for former Bills QB Jim Kelly for cancer
t Heartbleed Takes Aim at VPNs, Other Risks Persist
m Bad Habits that Are Killing Your Back
e Boyhood: Richard Linklater's 12 Year Movie Journey
t Construction of new Mars lander approved by NASA board
e THE NEWS WRAP: Rap Genius co-founder fired for insensitive comments about  ...
t NASA craft passes Neptune's orbit
b Vodafone intends to acquire Cobra Automotive Tech
m Fertility report card: RESOLVE grades states on how they support those seeking  ...
b Mere 200 jobs added in July as jobless rate falls
b Sour market debut for Candy Crush maker
m New smartphone application for recovering alcoholics
b Retailers 'failing victims' a year after Bangladesh disaster
b Former Microsoft exec Bates bounces to GoPro
t Cisco to Invest $1 Billion in Cloud Efforts
t Prominent GitHub Engineer Julie Ann Horvath Quits, Alleging Gender-Based  ...
b Carmakers score US sales gains
e Review: Kristen Stewart is best in show in airy 'Clouds of Sils Maria'
t Android Wear App Now Available On Playstore As Section Goes Live
m Mosquitoes test negative for West Nile, EEE
t Apple iPhone 6 release date, specs rumors claim 'Air' to feature sapphire display
b Rana Plaza anniversary: compensation remains low for victims of Bangladeshi  ...
e Justin Bieber gives surprise performance alongside Chance the Rapper at  ...
e Tyrion Is Among The Least Skilled Players Of The Game Of Thrones
m Computer maps 21 distinct emotional expressions
e Miley Cyrus hospitalized for severe allergic reaction to antibiotics
t Staying safe in the outback: Australian iCloud users' iPhones are being hijacked
m Baylor All Saints receives recognition
t Prototypes for Google 3D tablet available soon
e Mick Jagger To Receive $9 Million Estate From The Late Fashion Designer L  ...
e BOW DOWN! Beyonce Leads With Eight VMA Nominations
m Beard science: Women prefer men with facial hair when rare
b Missing Malaysia Flight MH370: French satellite data backs 'evidence' that jet  ...
b Barclays profits fall as investment bank income sags
t Google Nexus brand isn't going to disappear
m Company Recalls 4012 Pounds of Beef, Fears of Mad Cow Disease
t Right to be Forgotten ruling sees Google inadvertently censoring the press
b European stock stumble
t Netflix to Add Breaking Bad In 4K
e Robert Downey Jr. Tweets the First Picture From the Set of 'The Avengers 2'
e NY Mayor to Pay Off Hockey Bet on "Kimmel Live" Tonight
b Symantec Fires CEO after Less than Two Years in Office as Sales Slump
b Stocks seesaw, end higher for 2nd day
e Local churches offer Saturday, Easter services
e Game of Thrones Shocking Death!
t Samsung In Talks To Buy Nuance, Which Powers Apple's Siri
e 'Ninja Turtles' Reboot Trailer Release and T'ransformers 4' Footage Update
e Paul McCartney to Make 'Complete Recovery' After Being Hospitalized
t Gas prices continue to climb
e Rob Kardashian Ignores Drug Rumors And Cheers For The US Soccer Team
m Low-Carb Vegan Diet Helps Lower Weight and Heart Disease Risk
t Google asked to forget 250000 web addresses under new ruling
e 'Mad Men' Reviews: Does Its Final Season Pop or Fizzle?
b Four Years After the BP Oil Spill, Hope for a Full Recovery in the Gulf Remains  ...
e MOVIES NOW pays a tribute to the King of POP with This Is It!
b REFILE-GLOBAL MARKETS-Europe's stocks, periphery bonds dip amid bank  ...
b Which Matters More: Janet Yellen Or Earnings & Economic Data?
b Japan, Australia reach free trade deal
m Hepatitis vaccinations continue in Springfield after restaurant worker exposes  ...
e What Does Willow Smith's Mom Think About Her Scandalous Photos?
e Public editor: When the spoiler alert becomes pointless
e On 'Seinfeld's' 25th Anniversary: 25 Actors You Forgot Were on the ..
b Apple buying headphone maker Beats in a $3 bn deal
e AOL.com Article - Gaga on Bennett duet CD: Jazz comes easier vs. pop
t Oldest human poop provides dietary insights
b European stocks wobble with EU elections in sight
e Jason Segel and Cameron Diaz unveil 'Sex Tape'
e THIS EUROVISION SIGN-LANGUAGE INTERPRETER DESERVES A TROPHY
b Walmart's Revenge: Amazon.com Has A Big Problem
e London to Host 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2′ World Premiere
t Data shows disillusioned iPhone users switching to Samsung's larger screens
e Jesus was resurrected; we will be, too
m Saudi hospital head sacked over MERS panic
e Caress Morell, Laura Wilde Actress Kate O'Mara Dead at 74
b Joblessness, hope, and reading the poll numbers
b inflation fall shows UK 'moving in the right direction'
e George Clooney Blasts Steve Wynn as an "A--hole" After Fight Over President  ...
t If Terminator robots take over the world, Google founders are safe
e Ciara & Future's Brand-New Baby Is Named Future — Really
e Winner Announced on AMERICAN IDOL XIII!
e Video: Shakira and Blake Shelton Perform 'Medicine' on 'The Voice'
t Rumor: Apple Execs Mulling Streaming Music Service, iTunes Android App
b Michael O'Leary wants 'Israeli Ryanair'
t Jupiter's Red Spot Shrinks To Smallest Size Ever Seen (VIDEO, PHOTOS)
t Apple Could Finalize Beats Deal Next Week
t NTT Docomo To Offer Apple's IPad In Japan Starting On June 10
t Microsoft unveils Skype Translator, real-time service to break down language  ...
b AP Essay: Air tragedies bring grief without order
e I don't want another girl! Baby reveal goes wrong
e John Wayne Bobbit's Advice To Andre Johnson
t Creationist Complains About Fox's Cosmos: They Refuse to Acknowledge  ...
e Mankini-Clad Streaker Tries to Enter Met Gala Red Carpet: PHOTO
e Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Watch the trailer
t Supermoon makes appearance
b HP to cut 11000 to 16000 more jobs
e Nia Sanchez Defends Answer to Sexual Assault Question: We Have 30 Seconds!
m Crowd celebrates survivors at Livonia Relay for Life kick-off
t Everything You Need To Know About Twitch.tv And Why Company Could Be A  ...
b Ukraine parliament supports anti-crisis law required for IMF bailout
e Buddies are back together in comedy/action sequel
e 'Game of Thrones' recap: Season 4, Episode 5, 'First of His Name'
t Amazon Appstore triples selection in one year
e Hitting the road with a big splat
e Everything We Know About Kim Kardashian's Upcoming Wedding To Kanye West
m Japanese institute says "breakthrough" stem cell study was fabricated
m Thousand-mile Relay Aims to Help Boston Marathon Victims
b HP may cut up to 16000 more jobs as results disappoint
t Windows 7 'more at risk' than Windows XP
b Obama Administration Aims To Curb Tax Inversion
e Jon Snow is totally cool with getting naked for Game of Thrones
b Tesla Taking 'Two-Fer' Approach To Gigafactory
e Katy Perry Launches Metamorphosis, Her New Joint Venture With Capitol Records
m GSK Recalls Weight Loss Products After Tampering Found
b GM recall expands, Colorado Rep. Diana DeGette to lead investigation
b A week in gold: Price dips below US$1300
b Mortgage Loan Rates Tick Down, Applications Slip
e Keeping up with the Kardashians: Kim followed by crazy man
m Innovative new therapy offers new hope for paraplegics
e Kristen Bell Doesn't Care What Anybody Thinks About Her Nude Photo In Allure  ...
e Harrison Ford Crushed: Star Still In Hospital
e Peaches Geldof's Funeral Scheduled for Monday, April 21
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Go Incognito at Gym Days Before Wedding  ...
b US Attorney investigating General Motors recall
t Report: Samsung will announce a virtual reality headset “this year”
b Dollar Tree deals for Family Dollar
b Nokia Oyj - Nokia appoints Rajeev Suri as President and CEO and announces  ...
e The Amazing Spider-Man 2 Swings Into First Place at the Box Office
b ECB monitors impact of anti-deflationary steps
b Missouri legislator supports Medicaid coverage for oral health
t White House, spy agencies deny NSA exploited 'Heartbleed' bug
t Google Street View goes back in time
e What I've Learned From My Mom: In the Middle of Three Generations
m Electrical Stimulator to Prevent Migraines Receives FDA Approval
b Google eyeing up to $30 billion in foreign buyouts
b Bitcoin Will Be Taxed Like Property Says IRS
b Supreme Court nibbles at EPA's greenhouse gas powers
t WATCH: President Obama Plays Soccer with Humanoid Japanese Robot
m Modified iPhone with needle could help monitor Type 1 Diabetes
b Forex - Yen weaker after BoJ, Aussie falls on minutes
b Heavy hint of cut next month as ECB leaves key rate alone
b Stocks End Down Week on Up Note
b California Health Insurance: Despite Obamacare, Hispanics Represent 62  ...
t Apple patents technology to disable texting while driving
b Philadelphia commuter rail system workers strike, shutting down lines used by  ...
e Kim Kardashian and Serena Williams Go to Showroom in Paris — Wedding  ...
b US Poised to Overtake China in Manufacturing -study
t Apple Updates Retina MacBook Pros With Better Specs
b US stocks march higher on acquisition and earnings news; Citigroup gains
b EU members reach provisional deal on banking union
t Apple Drops Price on MacBook Air to $899
e Guardians of the Galaxy is pure blockbuster fun
e 'Racist? Lololol!': Avril Lavigne defends her infamous 'Hello Kitty' video
t Are You Ready for Android Auto?
b Taper on Track, Fed Freed Up to Tackle Bigger Questions
m Call for improved health surveillance and communication around Ebola crisis
t Bird with 24ft-wing span ruled the skies 27 million years ago
m Cornish Smokers Fear Letting Family Down
e The Black Keys to Bring TURN BLUE TOUR to Joe Louis Arena, 9/12
e North Korea warns US movie about plot to assassinate Kim Jong Un an “act of war”
b Apple's New Retail Leader Angela Ahrendts Is Due To Make Over $68 Million
t Mozilla board members resign over CEO choice
t Japan to Conduct Pacific Whale Hunt despite Court Ruling
t Netflix Wastes No Time In Posting Its Android TV App In The Play Store
e Ginnifer Goodwin marries Josh Dallas
t Best Nokia Lumia 630 Windows Phone 8.1 price deals for July 2014
b Google, Barnes Noble team up for same-day delivery
e DAILY DIARY
t Asteroids are hurling toward Earth, but scientists aren't tracking them - yet
t Twitter given direct access to Indian ministers
m Study: Over-fortified cereals may harm kids' health
e Nick Cannon painted himself ... as a white man
e Kim Kardashian And Kanye West's Wedding Invitations Revealed
e AMERICAN IDOL: FORMER WINNER ROBBED
t Lawmakers want to ban 'paid prioritization' of the Internet
b Fannie Mae net income lifted by settlements, hits $5.3 billion
b BNP Paribas fined $8973600000 for breaking US sanctions
t Sony Announces PS4 Hit 7 Million Sales Milestone, Details of Next Software  ...
t THE NEWS WRAP: Expert-curated music streaming service Songza acquired by  ...
e 'Mad Men' enters its final season
b Alstom considers €12.35bn GE bid
t IPCC says world unprepared for 'climate-related risks'
b Weather frustrates hunt for missing Malaysia Airlines MH370 plane as new leads  ...
b Virgin sparks telco shake-up
b UPDATE 2-Urban Outfitters' profit lags Street as costs rise
t Leaked: Google's Android TV plans
t Beats buyout shows Apple is growing up
t PIONEERING space scientist and Swansea University graduate has passed away
m WHO, Others Give Items to Prevent Ebola
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Active ATT Version Leaked in New Render
t Amazon unveils the "Fire Phone"
e Alice from 'Brady Bunch' has died
e Kate Mulgrew Is in a Doc that Argues the Sun Revolves Around the Earth
e Arnold Schwarzenegger Spills Terminator: Genesis Secrets
t Commentary: Heartbleed Flaw Reveals Weak Passwords
b Top M&A News Today: Fusion-IO, Inc. (NYSE:FIO), Limelight Networks, Inc  ...
b Excessive levels of chemicals found in water of China's city, residents in panic  ...
e Zara pulls toddlers' pyjama tops from shelves after backlash over resemblance to  ...
e Lindsay Lohan Insists Infamous List Was "Personal"
t Adidas's latest app allows users to put Instagram photos on trainers
b GM's Barra Saying Sorry Seeks to Limit Fallout on Recall
t Highlights of Apple's WWDC 2014 Conference
m In case of mumps outbreak: No shots, no school, officials warn
t GM recalling over 500000 Chevrolet Camaros since you can turn ignition off with  ...
e Rolf Harris jailed for assaults against young girls
e Eric Hill death tears: 'The Bachelorette' breaks down after huge loss
e Prince Announces Deal That Will Lead To Purple Rain Re-Issue
e For Rent: Whitey Bulger's Old Santa Monica Apartment
t How to Upgrade From Windows XP
t Sony recalls Vaio Fit 11A laptop over burn fears
t Supermoon lights up sky overnight
t Twitter marks 8th birthday with your first tweets
t Tesla (Nasdaq: TSLA) Stock's Bullish Long-Term Outlook Boosted by China  ...
t 1000+ Mustangs Attempt World Record Cruise in Charlotte
m First MERS Patient in US is Improving
b Ikea To Raise Minimum Wage For U.S. Workers With Tie To Living Wage  ...
e Did Gwyneth Paltrow's 'obsessions' lead to her split with Chris Martin?
e Emma Watson Cracks A Rare Smile As She Goes For Goth Glam At Noah  ...
t Alibaba, ShopRunner, eBay: is Philly's e-commerce legacy fading?
e Nadine Gordimer on Politics and People
t Critics verdict: HTC One M8 has a great design, disappointing camera
b Troubled BES bank announces record losses
b GE Said to Covet Alstom Business Servicing Power Plants
e American Idol's Caleb Johnson And Jena Irene 'Really Don't Care' About Victory
e Seth MacFarlane Is Helping Make Our 'Reading Rainbow' Dreams Come True
b Brent drops below $114
b Parade of GM recalls rolls on; 2.4 million more cars
t Scientists create 'living materials' using E. coli
e Ice bucket challenge brings in nearly $80 million
t Apple iPhone 6: Screens Production And Release Date [REPORT]
t Nintendo's Project Guard, Project Giant Robot and Star Fox, show off the Wii U's  ...
e Kim Kardashian keeps all eyes on her as she sheds coat in Paris
t Nebraska Weekly Gas Price Update and Outlook
e James Brown biopic 'Get On Up' revels in drama and dance moves
e Scandal Season 3 Finale Watch: Tragedy And Victory
m RECALL: Stores May Have Received Tainted Beef
e Michael Jackson's New Album to Be Released in May
b Quiet session for Aust bond market
b 4 Ways San Francisco Residents Can Save Money While Filing Taxes
e Drake vs. Blake – ESPY Awards Skit Is the Last, Great ESPN Highlight Until  ...
e Beyonce and Jay Z Shade Justin Bieber, Flash His Mugshot During Live Concert
m Saskatchewan Man's Illness Viral, But Not Ebola, Says UN Health Agency
m UN: Polio now a global emergency
e Alicia Keys Announces Second Pregnancy on 4th Wedding Anniversary
b Tim Hortons has historically struggled in the U.S.
t UN climate chief urges 'bold' carbon-curbing steps
e R&B singer Bobby Womack dies at age 70
t Mars One Narrows Applicant Pool to 758 Potential Colonists
b US home building rose in March
b King Digital Entertainment Stock Taking A Bath On Candy Crush Fears
e Miley Cyrus hospitalized after suffering severe allergic reaction, cancels show
e 'Game of Thrones' Star Michelle Fairley Addresses 'Lady Stoneheart' Social  ...
t The New G3: Can LG's Latest Really Kill the Galaxy S5?
e Valerie Harper says her cancer 'is incurable and terminal,' but 'not today'
t Microsoft: Xbox One Sales Double After Dropping Kinect
t NASA's self-driving robot army to explore other planets
b Wall Street Drifts Higher, S&P Flirts With 2K Mark
e PHOTO: Willow Smith in bed with much older male pal
m Speaking A Second Language Slows Age-Related Decline Of The Brain, Says  ...
e Rihanna Wears Completely Sheer Dress to Accept Fashion Award
e Alien: Isolation DLC Will Reunite Sigourney Weaver and the Original 'Alien' Cast
e PICS! Taylor Swift parties with Jaime King, Lena Dunham, Jessica Szohr  ...
e BET Awards honors Lionel Richie, misspells name
m Yale threatened to suspend 92-pound student for being 'too thin'
b Deutsche Bank says Q2 profit hurt by higher taxes, lower revenue, market  ...
t Apple to launch iPhone connected Smart Home Program at WWDC
e See the First Trailer for Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1
t Paris restricts car use to tackle pollution
t Posted by Parvez Jabri
e Jay Z Master Recordings In 'Extortion Plot'
b Twitter stock zooms up on news of more users
t Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg: Visionary or looney?
t Investors Don't Seem Thrilled With Anheuser-Busch, Tesla Transparency
t Kepler telescope spots a planet that seems a lot like home
t AT&T To Buy DirecTV For $48.5 Bln
b Procter & Gamble earnings beat Street
e Miranda Kerr poses naked for GQ UK, opens up on sex life
b Mark Fields, Ford's chief operating officer, may succeed Alan Mulally as the next  ...
e A Major Female Role Yet to be Cast in 'Star Wars: Episode VII'
t Google to bring End-to-End email encryption to Chrome
b Electronic Gambling Merger: Scientific Games Buying Bally for $3.3 Billion
t Twitter adds photo tagging and collages
b UBS pledges special dividend after switching legal setup
b Argentina is declared in selective debt default after talks fail
e A commemorative £5 coin will mark Prince George of Cambridge's first birthday  ...
b Vodafone to acquire Spanish broadband and pay-TV provider Ono
b ECB's Noyer: Euro strength is weighing on prices
t How Apple Inc. Can Beat Netflix, Inc. In Internet Streaming
t Get hyped for Watch Dogs' release next week with this launch trailer
m US Doctors' Group: Pelvic Exam not Needed for All Women
e Pharrell Williams Cries On Oprah Over 'Happy' Fan Tribute [Video]
m iPad Causes Rash, Linked to Nickel Allergy
b SANTA FE, NM - New Mexico regulators have denied a temporary operating  ...
e Robin Roberts Tells Letterman She's 'Healthier and Happier'
b Kentucky agriculture officials receive hemp shipment
b Asian Markets Trade Lower On Iraq Worries
t We may have company out there
b Twitter posts first-quarter net loss, hints at revenue gains from Boulder's Gnip
e 'Once Upon a Time' postmortem: Showrunners talk chilly villainess and the future  ...
e MIdWest One takes the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge
m Free Drug Samples for Doctors Might Prove Costly
t Flood Law Group Launches New Website GMIgnitionRecallLawsuit.com
b BMW to Invest $1 Billion to Boost US Output by Half
e Is Conan O'Brien out of running as David Letterman's replacement? Signs point  ...
b Fed chair Yellen sees little threat to financial stability
t Following the Lead of Apple, Google Might Launch a Health-Data App
t Titanfall is great, but it's probably not the console seller Microsoft is hoping it  ...
t Google Financially Backing Samsung In Apple Inc. Patent Fight
t Tech giants give millions to support free software in wake of Heartbleed
t Toshiba's first 4K laptop arrives next week for $1500
t Android 4.4.2 KitKat Update for Samsung's Galaxy Note 2 Is Spotted in GFXBench
e Khloe Kardashian Snuck In A Playful Adventure With French Montana Before  ...
t Follow the Daily Galaxy
e Fury Trailer – Brad Pitt, Shia LaBeouf & Logan Lerman man a tank
m The MERS Virus Epidemic Is Just Waiting To Happen, And There's No Cure
e Tracy Morgan crash highlights dangers of tired drivers
t Twitter App Updated With Mute Button, New iPad Features
e A small Southern California town has turned up the heat on the makers of the  ...
t Amazon Appstore opens to BlackBerry users
e Mark Ruffalo And Jennifer Garner Aren't Friends Because Of Ben Affleck
e Miley Cyrus Cancels Show at Last Minute — Is She OK?
b Amazon.com Inc. (AMZN) Is Heading Higher After Q1 Profit Met Expectations
e Hello Kitty is not a cat, plus more reveals before her LA tour
e Man sues British Airways after booking mistake sends him Grenada instead of  ...
t Mom fights Facebook over edited photo
t Google to make driverless car
t How to charge your iPhone wirelessly at Starbucks
t NASA assembles 'global selfie' mosaic from 113 different countries
e Jonah Hill: Hollywood's biggest BROmantic lead
e Rock legends Pink Floyd to release first album in 20 years
e Chris Hemsworth And Elsa Pataky Reveal Their Twin Boys' Names! Learn Them  ...
b AFP British unemployment rate drops below 7%: official data
m A Balm In Gilead
t HTC One M8 Introduced With 5-Inch Display, Improved Camera
b GM recalls 1.5m US vehicles in safety issue
t Major smartphone carriers join Wireless Association's anti-theft initiative
b Coke's Profit Drops But Volumes Improve
b Consultations with the president for early parliamentary elections continue for  ...
b Asian stocks go sideways as investors await Fed meeting, Nikkei stumbles on  ...
e Weekend Box Office Report: Robots Transform Weekend Totals
t Life-Supporting Planets May Be Rarer Than Previously Thought
b Time Warner Cable Opens Flagship "Experience Store" in New York City
t Android 4.4.2 KitKat rolling out for Sprint LG G2 Owners
e Santa Rosa's annual Cinco de Mayo celebration underway
m Ghana: Quarantined US citizen tested for Ebola
e VIDEO: Sean Combs is back to Puff Daddy
b The $1 Trillion Tax On Cash
t Cosmos a Spacetime Odyssey Episode 2 “Some of the Things That Molecules Do”
e Review: Draft Day is an off-season gift for even casual football fans (with trailer)
m Guinea Ebola Outbreak Thought to Have Spread to Liberia
e Yahoo announces first two original TV series
e Community Easter events planned
t Cosmic masquerade: Habitable planet isn't planet
b Putin's pivot to Asia
e ABC's BILLBOARD MUSIC AWARDS is Most-Watched Telecast in 13 Years
t Windows to outpace Mac/iOS through 2015, as Android's lead reaches 1 billion  ...
t General Motors must address recall soon to avoid damage to reputation
m VIRAL VIDEO: EMT busts move, while on the move
m Region's skin cancer cases double
b $7 Billion Added to Market Value of Twitter
t Zuckerberg's bet: Facebook buys virtual reality headset firm Oculus for $2bn
e 2014 MTV VMA Recap Of Beyoncé's Highly Anticipated Performance Review: 'A  ...
b IMF chief charged with 'negligence' over graft case
t AT&T, Verizon and Sprint remove Samsung Galaxy S5 Download Booster, while  ...
m Mouse Study: Young Blood Recharges Old Brains
b China 1st Quarter GDP Rises 7.4%
e 'The Voice' Recap: The Live Rounds Continue
b Surging construction sector loses some momentum in March
t Facebook Introduces Friend-tracking Feature
b Gold Rallies While Copper Hits 2014 Low
b VW calls Scania buyout offer "attractive deal" for shareholders
m Health Care Options Dwindle As Cancer Becomes More Prevalent
e Justin Bieber responds to Seth Rogen's remarks: 'Sorry I didn't bow down'
b Kellogg will no longer use 'all natural' Kashi label
b Stock Update (NASDAQ:INTC): Intel loses appeal against record $1.43 billion  ...
e WATCH: Coachella Live Stream Video 2014
b Kingfisher to Buy Back Stock as Pretax Profit Surges
e Monty Python return with silliness and mass sing-a-long
b BoE's Carney on Scottish independence and the currency manipulation scandal
m Blood Tests Could Identify Those At Risk For Alzheimer's Disease
t Mars Opposition Live Stream: Where To Watch And How To View The  ...
t ISS Computer outage may require Spacewalk to Repair
e Wake Forest Fondly Remembers Dr. Maya Angelou as a Beloved Teacher and  ...
e 'Black Mass' films in Dorchester
e Katherine Heigl: My Acting Career "Turned on Me," I Felt Betrayed
b S&P 500 closes above 2000 for the 1st time
e Star Wars fans chance to appear in Episode VII
b Gold price stuck in range; PGMs steady as platinum strike ends
e Dragon sequel packs a punch
e Review: MUPPETS MOST WANTED, A Sequel That Delivers What Fans Want
e 'Sherlock' Returning for Special, Three New Episodes
e Ddendyl on 'The Voice:' Watch Audition Video for NYer Here
e Rolf Harris: I felt sickened over affair with my daughter's teenage friend
b Record number of people employed in January helps improve unemployment  ...
e McArthur|Miley Cyrus has Homeless Youth Accept Award on Her Behalf at  ...
b Symantec boss axed after revenue takes tumble
t Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Vs Samsung Galaxy S3 - Price, Specs and Features  ...
b Slow start to spring hurts Home Depot
e SHOCKING: See what US Airways 'TWEETED BY MISTAKE' that everyone is  ...
t Lockheed Martin Corp-Boeing Co venture says rocket launch costs lower than  ...
e Eminem Makes Amends With His Mother in 'Headlights' Video
t Windows XP laggards to fend off cybercriminals on their own
t Soccer scandals to sex on a train: Google starts removing search results in Europe
e 90's nostalgia rebooted in first clip from Girl Meets World
e 'How I Met Your Mother' Spin-Off Series 'How I Met Your Dad' Gets Meg Ryan as  ...
t Asteroid Chariklo Has Rings: Images of a Space Rock Oddity (Gallery)
b AbbVie Raises Bid For Shire, But Both Stocks Fall
e Pharrell confirmed as new coach on The Voice
e DirecTV and Weather Channel Resolve Dispute That Dragged On for Months
e Piers Morgan Signs Off from CNN, Makes Final Gun Control Plea
t US automakers set record with profitable sales growth
e Rolf Harris jailed for five years and nine months for indecent assault
t Free McAfee Tool May Help Stop the Heartbleed
t Pluto's Moon Once Had An Underground Ocean, Study Suggests
e Review: Idina Menzel shines in return to Broadway but 'If/Then' too sloppy | The  ...
e WATCH Duke porn star 'Belle Knox' interviewed by 'The View' hosts about adult  ...
e Rolf Harris tells court that he is innocent of indecent assault charges, admits  ...
t General Motors to move Cadillac SRX production to Tenn.
e Red Wedding Bad? Kit Harington Says This Sunday Just as Shocking
t Microsoft Xbox one sales to start in China this fall
t Asteroids explode like nuclear blasts in the sky...and that's quite common [VIDEO]
e Chelsea Handler Dines with Sandra Bullock, Jennifer Aniston & More After  ...
e Hollywood, others respond to sultan of Brunei's views with Beverly Hills Hotel  ...
e Lindsay Lohan: "I Had A Miscarriage"
e Robin Thicke Trades Naked Babes For Adorable Kids In An Attempt To Win  ...
t LG announces May 27th event, most likely to reveal the LG G3
t Dinosaur skeleton to go on display at Creation Museum
m Ending Polio Paves The Way For India To Stop A Childhood Killer
m Scientists: High risk of dengue outbreak during 2014 Brazil World Cup
t New York Times Paywalls Getting Higher, Pricier
e '22 Jump Street' shows inspired comic chemistry
e Ronnie Milsap, Hank Cochran Named to Country Music Hall of Fame
e Foster weds girlfriend
e Movie Review: 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2'
m California experiencing a whooping cough epidemic – over 800 new cases  ...
m Rare Set Of "Mono Mono" Twins Hold Hands Moments After Birth
e 2014 MTV VMAs
e Watch: WTF Trailer For 'Run' With Jay Z, Beyoncé, Sean Penn, Jake Gyllenhaal  ...
t Zebra's Black-And-White Stripes Protect from Fly Bites
t Starbucks begins nationwide wireless charging rollout in the US
m US Patient Didn't Spread MERS, CDC Says
e True Blood Series Finale Watch: Fire, Blood And Tears
e 'Hercules' first trailer: Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson becomes legendary -- VIDEO
m Prostate Cancer: Docs Drive Treatment Choice
e Guardians of the Galaxy misses the mark on fun
b FOREX-Dollar dips in wake of jobs data; ECB comments lift euro
b Will Speedway add local jobs following Hess purchase?
m A little running goes a long way, says US study
e Gwyneth Paltrow And Chris Martin Undergo A 'Conscious Uncoupling'
t Facebook pokes at Snapchat again with new app: Slingshot
e CFDA Awards Red Carpet: Rihanna, Lupita Nyong'o & More
b Las Vegas Sands (LVS) Misses Q2 EPS by 5c
b Q2 Earnings Miss at Walgreens - Analyst Blog
t Glass all gone after one-day sale, Google says
e Study: Married people have fewer heart issues
e Katie Holmes goes topless for Glamour magazine shoot
t Big tech companies offer millions to help with Heartbleed crisis
e Chris Brown ordered to stay in jail after rehab fail
t Walmart lowers iPhone 5c and iPhone 5s prices
t Samsung Galaxy Grand 2 gets Android 4.4 KitKat
m Man dies in Jordan of deadly infection
e Main cast of upcoming NWA biopic announced
b Buffett Says New CEO Should Get Berkshire Stock Options
b Nokia "Superman" Coming Late-2014 Alongside New Windows Phone 8.1 Update
b New York prosecutor probes high-speed trading, source tells Reuters
e Which Dalek Is Speaking In The New Doctor Who Teaser?
b Bank of America (NYSE:BAC) Suspends Stock Buyback, Dividend Increase
b Lenovo Annual Profit Rises 29 Pct
t Residents of Coastal Regions of Asia at Increased Risk of Climate Change
m Michael Schumacher's Medical Documents Stolen
t Microsoft Surface Pro 3 vs Surface Pro 2
b Glencore Xstrata to take over Caracal Energy for 800m pounds
t New recalls and questions about auto parts safety
b Catch on student loans: Pay up if co-signer dies, files for bankruptcy
b Plan to manage fund insolvency outlined by US Transportation Secretary
t Major carriers enable text-to-911 services
e Woody Allen's 'Bullets Over Broadway' reviewed: Marin Mazzie stars in new 'out  ...
t Text 911 available for Indiana Verizon customers
e Rumors on Why Edgar Wright Left Ant-Man and Reaction From Directors Joss  ...
e Freddie Prinze Jnr 'Hated Every Moment' Of Working With Keifer Sutherland On 24
e Shigeru Ban awarded 2014 Pritzker Prize
b Scammers target consumers as tax deadline looms
t Amazon Fire Phone the best option for middle to low class smartphone  ...
e Paul McCartney Hospitalized For Virus, Expected To Make 'Complete Recovery'
t App hit #1, Google never suspected a 869 KB "antivirus" app by the maker of  ...
t Intel high school science contest is overrated
t Solar System's Edge Redefined By Dwarf; Could 'Planet X' Be Right Behind?
m Social Security closes offices as demand soars
t Facebook's (FB) CEO Mark Zuckerberg Hosts Annual Meeting of Stockholders  ...
e 'Jesus Wife' Papyrus Is Not a Forgery, Scientists Conclude
t Sony Announces PROselfie Smartphone Xperia C3; Specifications, Availability  ...
b UPDATE 2-Obamacare website stalls briefly ahead of enrollment deadline
e X-Men: Days Of Future Past Deleted Rogue Scene Revealed
b New MH370 search zone
t You'll see red when the moon rises
t Apple Inc.'s share price, posts increasing net income amid strong iPhone sales  ...
e Eurovision Song Contest, Newsround's top acts to watch
m Hospital Infections On The Decline, But Still Need Work
e Kate Middleton Pregnant: Baby Bump New Pics With Princes Harry and William  ...
t Green Fatigue: Public Isn't Affected By Climate Change Scandals - Or New  ...
t Heartbleed also affects gaming sites
b Gold Rises for 1st Time in 3 Days on Fed Rate Outlook
m Jim Kelly's chemotherapy treatment postponed
e Lady Gaga covers her entire head in a white furry mask to match her fringed  ...
t Brazil's Congress approves internet legislation (Update)
e Jaden Smith & Moises Arias Hit Up Their Favorite Sushi Spot
t Microsoft Says Government Officials Make Sudden Visit to China Offices
e Amazon music service reportedly lacking Universal; Pandora +4.9%
t Meteor showers: 5 facts for stargazers
b News Analysis: Fiat's race outside Italy shows weakness of industrial system  ...
b Sprint, T-Mobile Move Closer to a $50 Billion Merger -- Update
e Review: Rio 2 does nothing new, and that's okay
e Captain America video: Scarlett Johansson wants to see a spin-off film for her  ...
e Man Down! Lindsay Lohan Bleary-Eyed And Worse For Wear As She Falls Over  ...
t Report says NSA exploited Heartbleed, kept flaw secret -- but agency denies it
t Costs of climate change steep but tough to tally
t Apple, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) And International Business Machines To Enter Into  ...
m Medical marijuana can save lives, once legalized and regulated, studies show
m Mehmet Oz: Doctor Admits His Diet Products Don't Pass 'Scientific Muster'
t Microsoft-Nokia €5.4 billion deal to close by Friday
e Legendary star Mickey Rooney dead at age 93
t Turnbull supports new governance model for DNS
e TV BAFTAs 2014: See winners list from the star-studded bash showcasing  ...
t Samsung Developing Smartwatch That Works Without a Smartphone
e Will Zac Efron Be The Next Star Wars Star Announced? What He Said About It  ...
b Attorney General Says Banks May Face Criminal Cases Soon
e Andrew Garfield Explores Gender Identity In Full Arcade Fire Video
t Open source Rift by Beijing team
m Nice To Block New Breast Cancer Drug
t Microsoft is Offering $100 Off on Xbox One for Trading in Xbox 360/Playstation 3
m Study paves way for test to predict Alzheimer's
e Lions Gate Revisits Teen-Warrior Dystopia in 'Divergent'
e A Hard Day's Night: Beatlemania Revisited
e Beyonce on the cover of Time
e Weekend Watch: You Don't Need to Love Comics to Get Down with 'Guardians  ...
e Sandra Bullock Came Face To Face With Her Stalker Before The Cops Arrived  ...
t Iraq violence threatens to drive up gas prices
t Google to build prototype of driverless car
t Partial eclipse a lengthy spectacle
e Blake Griffin, Donald Sterling: Video of Reaction to Drake Joke at Emmy Awards
e Pippa Middleton claims she thought famous bridesmaid dress was 'not  ...
b Valeant takes offer to Allergan shareholders
e Country singer Kevin Sharp dies
t Best Windows 8.1 Tablets for Business
e Who Wins The Bachelorette 2014: Josh and Nick Explosive News!
e 'American Idol' Results: 30 Minutes of Bliss
t Federal court overturns Google v. Oracle decision, setting...
b Energy Future Holdings files plan for Chapter 11 reorganization to reduce about  ...
t Xbox One to Get External Game Storage Soon
e “Saturday Night Live” Also Drops Noel Wells, John Milhiser
e Frustrated Fan Pays $2 Million for “Like a Rolling Stone” Lyrics to Figure Out  ...
b WWE And NBCUniversal Reach New Multi-Year Deal, Vince McMahon Comments
e 5 Seconds of Summer Announces 2015 North America Headlining Tour
m Bearish Stocks: MannKind Corporation (NASDAQ:MNKD), Prana Biotechnology  ...
b Stocks higher in morning trading
e MTV Video Music Awards 2014: Nicki Minaj suffers wardrobe malfunction live on  ...
b Cement makers Lafarge, Holcim agree merger plan -source
b Euro Rate Today: Forecasting a Lower EUR/USD Exchange Rate in 2014  ...
t Microsoft trumpets court victory over FBI in right to notify customers of data requests
e REVIEW: In The Other Woman, Sisterhood Is Silly
b Sabre Corporation [SABR] to Ring The NASDAQ Stock Market Closing Bell in  ...
t Amazon's next jump? Bet on smartphone
b Lawmakers to press Pfizer CEO for job guarantees in proposed AstraZeneca  ...
e ?Mrs. Doubtfire? Getting a Sequel
e Fargo TV Show on FX Continues on April 22 With New Episode (+Preview, Start  ...
t Tesla Motors: Please infringe on our patents for the greater good
e Wicked New Trailer For Angelina Jolie's MALEFICENT
e Star Wars Episode VII Website Crashes as Original Stars Officially Confirmed
t Gas prices freeze over the weekend
b Yahoo Shows Positive Signs With Q1 Earnings, Stock Rises YHOO
t Social-media and online giants back net neutrality plan
e Investigators: Unsafe Speed Caused Paul Walker Crash
m DeWine leads push to stop pharmacy tobacco sales
t Senator Bernie Sanders: UN Issues Climate Change Warning
e Chris Brown's trial on assault charge delayed - WVVA TV Bluefield Beckley WV  ...
b What's the sentiment around the EUR/USD today? – Commerzbank and OCBC  ...
m People with health concerns shouldn't trust Wikipedia, say experts
b Ronald McDonald House unveils makeover plans
e Justin Bieber and Johnny Manziel party until cops show up
e Who should fill all those empty 'View' seats?
t The Daily Show's Jason Jones Mercilessly Mocks Google Glass Users: VIDEO
e WATCH: Flight attendant's comedic safety demo
e 'The Other Woman' review: A failed attempt at sister-centric comedy
b Credit-card breach at California DMV
e Here's How Stacy Keibler Managed To Get Her Friends & Family To Attend Her  ...
t Heart Bleed Bug Update: Chase, BOA, Citigroup, IRS are NOT affected by the  ...
e Mila Kunis talks pregnancy, reveals plans for natural birth
e Lorde To Curate 'The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1' Soundtrack Album
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Active rumoured after video leak
t Asus May Launch A Cheap Android Wear Smartwatch This September
t Facebook emotional manipulation test turns users into 'lab rats'
b Market Close Report: NASDAQ Composite index closes at 4226.39 down -50.40  ...
t The Big Honking Business-as-Usual IBM-Apple Deal
e Scripts for Avatar sequels almost complete
t Apple + Beats: Cutting Through The Hype And Negativity (AAPL)
b German Market Turns Negative
t Alaska fisheries at risk from ocean acidification, NOAA-led study shows
b US Oil Exports Could Mitigate Price Rises
e Joan Rivers shames Lena Dunham over weight: 'Stay fat, get diabetes'
b Standard Missile completes first test launch from Aegis Ashore Test Site
b Greenpeace activists detained for blocking Gazprom oil rig in Dutch port
e 'The Voice' Recap: Battle Rounds Begin, And It Gets Violent
m Better to be chubby than scrawny, study finds
e García Márquez loved, scorned at home
t Mario Kart goes NASCAR
b Borlaug statue to be unveiled Tuesday
b QUALCOMM's CEO Discusses F2Q 2014 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
b Shell Joins BP In Increasing Payout Despite Profit Drop
t Mazda recalls 42000 cars after discovering SPIDERS can weave webs in the  ...
e Daily Dish: 6/18/2014 Sentinel & Enterprise
t Russian Craft Docks with Space Station After Delay
e Madison churches announcing Easter-related activities
e Let's not forget the true meaning of Easter
b The Russia-China Gas Deal Matters But Its Ultimate Significance Is Unclear
b Allergan Alleges Insider Trading Between Valeant, Ackman
t Google introduces block on porn advertising on AdWords
t Malicious Software Networks Disrupted By US Led Operation
e 'Orange Is the New Black' Season 2 Trailer Promises 'Next-Level Crazy'
e POW! Rihanna Receives CFDA Award in See-Through Dress
t Microsoft insists it plays by rules
e Chelsea Handler To End Her Show 'Chelsea Lately' After 8 Years
m UCLA project receives $15M to restore lost memory functions in brain-injured  ...
b Fired Yahoo exec gets $58 million for 15 months of work
e Cinema Peter Mayhew Officially Cast in Star Wars: Episode VII
e Lupita Nyongo named Peoples most beautiful person of 2014 - FOX Carolina 21
b Every trader needs to watch this
e Chadwick Boseman & Mick Jagger Talk 'Get On Up'
t Facebook Launches Nearby Friends App
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Google Play edition leaks out
e Lindsay Lohan miscarriage revealed in tearful documentary finale
t Coolest cars from the New York Auto Show
e 'Full House' Revival Being Considered by WB TV
e Clip Mania: X-Men: Days of Future Past, The Amazing Spider-Man 2, and More
b German upturn driven solely by domestic demand in Q1
e Julia Louis-Drefyus Has Perfectly Reasonable Explanation for Rolling Stone  ...
e 'NOAH:' Darren Aronofsky worked to balance needs of faithful, financiers
e Netflix joining programming lineup of 3 U.S. cable-TV providers
t GM announces six new recalls covering 8.4 million vehicles
b SAC Capital settles $1.2bn insider trading case
b VIX back below 12 as stocks bounce
b Defence stocks in focus on Wall Street
b Cleveland Browns owner fined $92 million in truck stop probe
m Meet The Parents Of Quintuplets Born In Dallas Hospital
t iPad Pro Release Date Tipped For Q1 2015, As Suppliers Prepare To Produce  ...
b Pzifer uses web videos to argue for AstraZeneca deal
t Journal concerned by Facebook moods study
b Candy Crush Saga developer King begins trading at $20.50 per share
e Guess Which Pop Superstar Is Joining Pharrell On 'The Voice!'
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Deals on Amazon - Save Money Now on Company's  ...
e Madonna Turns Up For Jury Duty In Manhattan
t Amazon Expected To Unveil First Smartphone Wednesday, Reportedly Will Be  ...
t What the $129 Moto E means to the new, new Motorola Mobility
t Facebook under fire over 'creepy' secret study that manipulated users' emotions
e Does Kim Kardashian want to take her personal trainer on honeymoon with her?
b Amazon set to acquire comic service Comixology by Q-2 of 2014
e First Trailer from the new Peanuts Movie!
e Lindsay Lohan miscarried while filming reality TV show
b FedEx earnings rise as it sets ambitious targets
e MTV teases with 'X-Men,' hails 'Hunger'
t NASA Unveils Plans For New 2020 Mars Rover
t Samsung $299 Gear 2 Smartwatch: Too Pricey?
t NASA poised to test new technology to land on Mars
e Zac Efron's friends 'worried sick' he is back on drugs
b S&P hits fresh high, TSX rises on upbeat economic data
b Lithuania to use euro in 2015
b Vodafone confirms to acquire Spain's Ono for a total of £6bn
t With or Without Apple, Google Will Crush Microsoft
e North Korea as Hollywood's current villain of choice
t Ancient gene aids Tibetans with high altitude
t Neanderthals weren't just meat eaters
b Hong Kong leads Asia shares lower on soft China inflation figures
b Forex - Dollar slides lower against yen
b Fox-Time Warner deal would form media colossus
b Flight MH370 'crashed in south Indian Ocean' - Malaysia PM
e 'I Know Our Marriage Is Worth Fighting For': Tori Spelling Vows To Work On  ...
e Brad Paisley's Westboro Baptist Church Selfie!
t Apple to launch the watch on Sept 9
m $1000 a pill? It's a US problem, pro says
b Lockout at 2 Toyota India Plants
t Unrest in Iraq drives up gas prices
t Microsoft Internet Explorer: Company warns security flaw could give hackers  ...
m WHO officially declares India 'polio-free'
m Study ties breast cancer gene to uterine tumours in women who already had  ...
e Aaliyah biopic: Disney star Zendaya to play late singer in Lifetime TV movie
e New Hope for Harrison Ford After Star Wars' Han Solo Spends Second Night in  ...
e Kendall Jenner Pokes Fun At Kim's Vogue Cover On Twitter [Photo]
b Survey: 34 Percent Of Americans Will Not Purchase Obamacare
e 2014 MTV Movie Awards Gifting Suite Offers Variety of Useful, Clever Items
e Coachella concert goer dies after 'apparent drug overdose'
e Robin Williams Enters Rehab to Continue Sobriety
m 3 more die from MERS
t Report recommends safe used cars for teens
m Chemo for breast cancer increases unemployment risk
e The NSA, Big Data, and Privacy (and Captain America)
b Shares of shoe seller DSW fall nearly 30 percent on disappointing 1Q results  ...
e 'American Idol' Season 13 Top Eight
e Game Of Thrones Season 4 Premiere Smashes Records
m Unnecessary Brain Scans Increasing For Headache Patients
m Risk of death higher for breast cancer patients who are obese
t Times gives details on new digital subscriptions
e 'Chinese buffet' stand-up Star John Pinette dead at 50
t Awesome Photos From The Atari Landfill
b Malaysia Airlines Plane Goes Down over Ukraine Near Russian Border
e 5 years later: Michael Jackson's legacy
b Bipartisan Group Releases Climate Change Report: Michael Bloomberg, Others  ...
t Limited offer on Google Glass
t UK 'must lead climate change fight'
e Rolf Harris 'Disguised Dark Side Of His Character'
e Controversial 'Jeopardy!' champ Arthur Chu unseated after 12-day run
e Opening in Orlando: 'Dawn of the Planet of the Apes'
b Australia opens tender for next phase in Malaysia Airlines MH370 search
b Astra pins hopes on trials after Pfizer exit
e George Clooney engaged, dad thrilled
e Fifty Shades Of Grey: First film still of Jamie Dornan as Christian Grey released
e A look at Spider-Man's adversaries
b J.C. Penney Loss Widens, But Stock Up 19% On Sales Growth - Update
t Report: Apple plans to buy Beats for $3.2 billion
e Broadway Will Dim Its Lights for Broadway Legend Elaine Stritch
e Billy Dee Williams Should Have Been Voted Off 'DWTS'
e 'Long hair, don't care!' Madonna shows off her armpit hair in busty Instagram selfie
m Pakistan is the toughest place for mothers in South Asia
e REVIEW: Melissa McCarthy loses steam in 'Tammy'
e Review: 22 Jump Street
e Jon Favreau On 'Chef' & Why He Still Likes Doing 'Big Movies'
e Miley Cyrus' tour bus catches fire on interstate before New Orleans show
t Viral videos of the week: Oculus Rift reactions, a bug works out, and Obama  ...
b Can spurt in crude oil prices trigger rally in commodities?
b GLOBAL MARKETS-Shares slip ahead of Fed, investors eye Russia-Ukraine
e Holy Week services planned each day at John Wesley church
t Kinectless Xbox One Is Still No Match For The PS4
t Satya Nadella launches Microsoft Office for iPad and Android
b Emirates Finalizes Order for 150 Boeing Planes Worth $56 bn
m Merck bags FDA approval for its grass pollen pill
e John Pinette found dead in hotel; stand-up comic was in last 'Seinfeld'
t Microsoft bracing for jobs cut, may end up being the biggest in its history
m Saying "I do" good for your heart
e Kim Kardashian worried about wedding weather?
e Clayton County Church Bulletin
b Tilting Delaware bridge called a transportation 'DEFCON-5'
t Nokia paid millions to criminals when protecting Symbian
e Teaser: New Batmobile for 2016's "Batman vs Superman" Movie Will Be Awesome
e 'Star Wars 7' Casting News, Rumors: J.J. Abrams is offering a role in 'Episode VII  ...
b Public Offering Pricing, Acquisitions, Notes Redemption, Stock Repurchase  ...
t Meteor Shower Friday, May 23 2014: Never-Before-Seen Phenomenon  ...
b Alstom approves GE's $17 billion offer to buy its power biz
e Hello Kitty Is Not A Cat, Internet Freaks Out
b Hewlett-Packard to slash more jobs as turnaround efforts falter
t Titanosaur: biggest dinosaur ever? Museo Paleontologico Egidio Feruglio  ...
e 'The Bachelorette' 2014 Spoilers: Did Andi Dorfman Get Engaged In The Season  ...
b GameStop Corp. (GME) Updates FY15 Earnings Guidance
t Samsung Unveils 4 New Galaxy Smartphones
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S launches July 12
b Dixons and Carphone Warehouse announce profits hikes as merger cleared by  ...
e Allison Williams Cast in ?Peter Pan?
b 4 Out Of 5 Payday Loans Are Made To Consumers Caught In Debt Trap
b Why bookstores aren't going away just yet
b JetBlue pilots vote to join Air Line Pilots Association after turning down earlier  ...
t Microsoft launches operation against Kuwaiti hackers
e Watch: Shia Labeouf arrested after ruckus at Cabaret show; released from jail later
t AT&T Inc. (NYSE:T): Seals $48.5 Billion Deal to Buy DIRECTV (NASDAQ:DTV)
t Facebook to use drones to bring Internet connectivity, can dump telecoms
t Amazon.com escalates standoff with publisher Hachette, removes some pre  ...
e Casey Kasem, wholesome voice of pop radio, dies at 82
e Photoshoot in exchange for sex : Terry Richardson's alleged offer
b Zebra to Buy Motorola Solutions' Enterprise Business
b US students playing catch-up in financial literacy
t Fire and ice produced newly discovered layer of fossil carbon
m Race for Life 5k: Those dirty 'M' words – melanoma and metastasis
e Actress Adams gives first-class airline seat to soldier in uniform
t Sony, Shanghai Oriental Pearl in joint ventures
e Moms' Night Out (2014)
b WVAW and Kanawha Charleston Health Department Officials detail latest on  ...
m CDC estimates 1 in 68 children has been identified with autism spectrum disorder
t Rewatch the Entire 3-hour Google I/O 2014 Keynote
e 'Horrible Bosses 2' Trailer: The Gang's All Back and Plotting a Kidnapping
b How Do You Use Stock Simulators?
b Dow Chemical posts steep increase in 1st-qtr net income helped by easy year  ...
m Oscar Pistorius did not have a mental disorder when he killed his girlfriend  ...
b How Japan Replaced Half its Nuclear Capacity with Conservation and Efficiency
e WATCH: Mila Kunis Warns Soon-to-Be Fathers to Stop Saying "We Are Pregnant"
t Researchers Find Giant "Chicken-Like" Raptor
t Google I/O 2014 round-up
t SpaceX Dragon returns from space station
e Comic-Con Women Protest Sexual Harassment
t WSJ Reports GM Expected Drivers With Bad Ignitions To Coast Out Of Traffic
b Crude & Brent Oil Tumble
e Star Wars: Episode VII Villain Details Revealed?
t The Unbundling of the Phone
m Fist bumps less germy than handshakes: study
b Citigroup shares fall the most since 2012
b Yes, you can buy health insurance in the 'off season'
e Pamela Anderson gives speech on past sexual abuse
t Samsung Unveils 4 New Galaxy Smartphones
b ECB Maintains Status Quo Despite Pressure To Act
e 'Mad Men': 7 takeaways from the first half of Season 7
e Jay Z and Beyonce announce summer tour
b Sprint, T-Mobile US merger talks lead to price, termination fee accord
b U.S. forces seize control of rogue tanker
e Jenny McCarthy teases new TV show while explaining exit from 'The View  ...
t NASA captures gigantic eruption on Sun
e Rice Bucket Challenge Goes Global
m Alzheimer's rate declining in rich countries
m MERS death toll in Saudi Arabia gets close to 170
b Medtronic to buy Covidien for $42.9 bln, move headquarters to Ireland
e Game of Thrones season 5 casting: Mace Tyrell to return
b Amazon Links With Twitter For Shopping
b U.S Secretary of State, John. F. Kerry visits IIT Delhi
t Check Out The Crazy iPhone Ripoff That Just Came From Chinese Smartphone  ...
e Rooney Mara cast as Tiger Lily in Joe Wright's Pan
b Food makers worry about costs, confusion as Vermont approves labeling of  ...
e Selena Gomez: Kris Jenner Might Be Her New Manager
e Shia LaBeouf Entering Rehab?
b Rana Plaza one year on – can Fashion Revolution Day effect change?
e Brian Johnson: AC/DC not retiring yet
t NASA's Carbon Observatory Blasts off on Workhorse Delta II to Measure Carbon  ...
t A young star's age can be gleamed from nothing but sound waves
b Stock indexes jump for third straight day
e Person of Interest in Tanner case
t 5 surprising facts about Google Glass
e US comedian defends satire after Asian American furor
b Focusing on single product risky
b In Pfizer/AZ debate, govt will back best deal for UK - Osborne
e Inside the Supreme Court for Aereo's last stand
m Shocking but true: students prefer jolt of pain than being made to sit and think
e Edgar Wright Leaves Marvel 'Ant-Man' Film Project
b European shares dip early; data, ECB eyed
t Apple's New EarPods to Come With Heart Rate, Blood Pressure Sensors: Rumour
m Anxiety from false-positive mammograms only temporary
e 'True Detective' series finale: Saying goodbye to Rust, Marty and the Yellow King
b Highway crisis looms in August
t Samsung Galaxy S5 premium model 'to launch ahead of iPhone 6'
t InfiniBand Leads TOP500 as Most Used Interconnect Technology for High  ...
e The Voice names Season 6 winner
b Operators of Jerk.com were jerks, government charges
b More Americans heading out of town Memorial Day weekend, AAA says
t Facebook Just Removed the Poke and Camera Apps From the App Store
e Trailer arrives for Woody Allen's "Magic in the Moonlight"
m Measles off to fast start, as cases trend up
t Climate Change Must Be Fought Before Every Citizen Experiences Its Effects
t PHILLIPS: The United States vs. Toyota: anatomy of a shakedown
m Dogs may help spot human prostate cancers
e ABC's 'The Bachelorette' 2014 spoilers: Andi Dorfman meets the families
m PETCO To Stop Selling Jerky Treats Made In China
b Negotiations resume to avoid LIRR strike in NY
b AbbVie To Buy Shire For $54 Billion In Biggest Inversion Deal Ever
e Drake takes on Blake Griffin at the ESPY Awards
b Washington state issues first licenses for pot shops
b Citi and four other banks stumble in Fed stress tests
t 'Rock solid' find: Astronomers spot most Earth-like planet yet
t Faulty parachute mars NASA 'saucer' test flight
b US auctions 30000 bitcoins from raid
e Dolly vows upbeat Glastonbury set
e 20 Hot Coachella Moments: Justin Bieber, Mary J. Blige, Slash & More Day 3  ...
e 'Fed Up' takes U.S. food industry to task
e Can Half Bad be the next Harry Potter?
e MTV VMAs To Air Public Service Announcements About Ferguson
t HP - Hewlett Packard Company: HP and Foxconn Announce Joint Venture  ...
m Glen Cove to consider regulating e-cigs
e Guest relations
b MN Farmers Intend to Plant More Soybeans
e Robert Pattinson hooks up with movie legend Robert De Niro for 'Idol's Eye'
b Early Strength On Wall Street Lifts S&P 500 To Record High - US Commentary
e Rosie O'Donnell reportedly in talks to return to 'The View'; new 'Harry Potter' story  ...
b The Morning News: One Day Until Washington's First Pot Stores Open
b CFO David Ebersman to leave Facebook
e Zac Efron Can't Be Beat! Neighbors Looks Like It'll Finish First At The Box Office  ...
e Pharrell Williams signs up to The Voice
b Burger King introduces the 'Proud Whopper' with heck of a message
b ADP jobs survey shows hiring increased by 281000
e 'American Idol' judges return; is that good news?
e Blended is good only by Adam Sandler standards
e Ashton Kutcher and Jon Cryer to Marry on Two and a Half Men
t Cisco joins cloud enterprise push with $1bn investment
e 'Weird Al' Yankovic Spoofs Robin Thicke's 'Blurred Lines'
e Dancing's Derek Hough: Amy's Journey Is the Best Victory
e Weekend Box Office: Noah Rides Out Flood To Number One
t Apple Issues Recall for iPhone 5 Batteries
t Twitter launches #FirstTweet tool, doesn't remind users of Twttr
e 'Game Of Thrones' Recap: 'Breaker Of Chains' (Season 4, Episode 3)
b Euro to British Pound (EUR/GBP) Exchange Rate Climbs Back Above 80p Level
m Gay fathers' have brain activity similar to both new mothers and new fathers: study
t The $40000 T-Shirt: Oculus Rift and Ownership in Crowdfunding
e Lindsay Lohan says she had miscarriage during the taping of her reality show
b Ford profit tumbles 39% in first quarter
b France's Hollande wants to change EU focus after far-right win
e Police Probing Unexplained Death of Peaches Geldof
m Saturated fats may not be as bad for heart as we thought
t Heller Seeks Answers about General Motors Recall
t Microsoft Is "Well Behind" Oculus In Developing Its Own VR Headset
b Argentina Bondholder NML Capital to Appear in NY Court
b EU court throws out UK challenge to Financial Transaction Tax
t Apple Considering Launching iTunes for Android
e Avril Lavigne's New 'Hello Kitty' Video Arrives Online, Attracts Immediate Criticism
e Brittany Murphy's final film to be released
b Forex - Euro hits session lows amid Ukraine escalation fears
e Amazon Launches Prime Music-Streaming Service
b Court declines to block drug ruling in patent case
e Paul McCartney postpones tour in Asia due to illness
e Broadway Lights Will Be Dimmed in Memory of Stage and Screen Star Elaine  ...
b Stocks Drop After Disappointing Retail Results
e Emma Watson dazzles at Noah Premier
b Bouygues increases its offer for SFR
b Samsung Electronics Says Q2 Profit Likely Down 24.5 Per Cent; Worst in 2 Years
t Google Acquires Music Streaming App Songza
b China's factories show signs of life
m Anti-depressants during pregnancy linked to autism and developmental delays  ...
t Google set to invade your home, car and even your wardrobe: Tech giant gears  ...
e Anna Wintour: Kanye West Did NOT Beg for April 2014 'Vogue' Cover with Kim  ...
t Microsoft, Apple, and device discontinuity
e Johnny Depp Is Bald! See The Drastic Change HERE!
e Robin Thicke faces critics during Twitter Q&A
b Tax Day Freebies 2014: Free entrees, fries, cookies, massage, coffee and more
t Nokia completes phone unit sale to Microsoft
e TV representative insists Lindsay Lohan show was only for one season
b Tips to avoid last minute tax blunders
e Spotify Doubles User base to 40 Million Subscribers
e Katy Perry plans to write songs about ex John Mayer
e Ontario actor nominated for Tony Award for 'Bullets Over Broadway'
t Snowden: Wasted Surveillance Resources May Have Stopped Boston Bombing
t Nasa satellite to measure Earth's carbon 'like a plane observing smoke from  ...
e Toby Kebbell Chosen for Dr. Doom Role in Fox's New 'Fantastic Four'
b American Apparel Is Said to Strike Rescue Deal With Investor (3)
b Sector Update: Healthcare Shares Flat in Pre-Market; Novartis Rallies 4% on  ...
e BH Interview: 'Mom's Night Out' Star Patricia Heaton Credits God for Unlikely  ...
e Taylor Swift Tops 2014 'Billboard' Money Makers List
e Lindsay Lohan reveals miscarriage in the 'Lindsay' finale on OWN
m Eva Longoria's SHe Steakhouse in Las Vegas Closes
m Measles virus destroys woman's cancer
b Top Ways College Is Paid For: Sallie Mae
m Ten Motives e-cigarette ad banned over unsubstantiated claims
b Obamacare Is Getting Cheaper
t Facebook comes back online: Social network returns after 30-minute global  ...
e Bill Murray & Melissa McCarthy Star In St. Vincent Trailer — 'Nuff Said
e Noah studio re-cut was 86 minutes long, ended on Christian rock song
b Euro zone composite PMI falls in May to 53.9, meeting expectations
b US first lady meets Chinese president Xi and wife
t Orbital Sciences (ORB) Says OCO-2 Satellite Ready for Launch
t How to capture the best 'Supermoon' photos
b Rise in consumer price index causes inflation
b Plane search expands from Australia to Kazakhstan - WSMV Channel 4
b inflation holds despite spike in energy, food prices
m Researchers Pinpoint Cancer Stem Cell Role in Drug Resistance
e Coachella 2014: All the Celebrity Sightings!
e Turkey gobbles and old tombstones
e Miley Cyrus postpones remaining US Bangerz tour dates Singer remains in  ...
e 'The View' Faces Highest Turnover Ever as Whoopi Goldberg's Clout Grows
m Women Could Be Taking Their Birth Control Via Remote By 2018
t Find your 'Nearby Friends' with FB's new feature
t Apple: iPod Touch Lineup Now Starting at $199
e Morrissey Cancels Tour to Recover From Infection
e Barney Robin Wedding in 'HIMYM' Series Finale, Neil Patrick Harris and Jason  ...
e Casey Kasem - Casey Kasem's Body Remains In Morgue
t Apple Inc. WWDC Update: Home Automation Software to be Introduced, iPhones  ...
m Too Many C-Sections Being Performed in United States
e Time for Robin Thicke to Give It Up? Singer Dedicates "Forever Love" to Paula  ...
e Kelly Clarkson Is Pregnant No More As She And Husband Brandon Blackstock  ...
e Film review: X-Men: Days Of Future Past
b Weibo May Look Like Twitter, But Its IPO Probably Won't
t Daimler And Renault-Nissan Alliance To Together Make Vehicles In Mexico
e 'The Bachelorette' recap: Week Eight
e Mara Wilson not interested in Mrs Doubtfire sequel
e Toni Garrn Gets The Side-Eye From Katie Holmes At The Met Gala! It's A  ...
e Frozen becomes biggest-grossing animated film ever
b Tokyo shares end 1.69pc lower, Nikkei-225 index lost 254.92 points
e Jesse Eisenberg on Rio 2's Blu: 'Everything you want in a role'
e David Furnish: 'Elton John and I will marry'
b India's Reserve Bank leaves policy rates unchanged
t Ray-Ban maker Luxottica will market Google Glass eyewear
b La Quinta shares rise after IPO raises $650 mn
e Weird Al Spoofs Robin Thicke's 'Blurred Lines', Is Awesome
t iPhone 5C 8GB version goes official
e Kanye and Kim's Vogue cover has been released
b 'Jet' magazine to stop print publication
e Twin Bros React to HGTV Canceling Show Over Anti-Gay Views
t Google Chromecast update to add screen mirroring and Backdrop mode
m Steady health care sign-ups may miss national goal
e People: Chris Brown spends weekend in jail for violating rehab facility rules
b Google's Threat (Maybe) to Traditional Retailers
t Android devices 'used by a billion'
m Should Birth Control be Covered Under All Health Plans? Americans Say 'Yes'
t Yahoo profit declines due to disappointing ad sales
t YouTube finalising deal to buy Twitch for $1 billion, sources say
b Idaho's Population Shift from Rural to Urban Slowed in 2013
t GM recalls 824000 more cars over ignition problem
e 'Twin Peaks: The Entire Mystery' Blu-ray Pre-Order Up
b RBA Holds Rates Steady at 2.5%, AUDUSD Little-Changed
e 'The Voice' 2014 recap: Fort Lee's Melissa Jimenez advances, top 20 set
e Chris Martin French-Kisses Spider-Man Andrew Garfield On SNL: WATCH
t Novartis and Google team up for 'smart' contact lens
m Not So Fast, Ladies: Annual Pelvic Exams May Be Unnecessary, But You Still  ...
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Refused to Pay $20000 Honeymoon Hotel Bill  ...
b BOE Says Rate Decision Becoming More Balanced, GBP/USD Eyes 2014 High
e Prenup Holding Up Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Wedding
e Jewish Museum Murder Suspect Extradited to Belgium
e From Kat DeLuna to Roseanne Barr, the 5 Worst National Anthem Performances  ...
m Ebola Death Toll In West Africa Rises To 467
e 2014 MTV Movie Awards: Rihanna Wins Big & 'The Hunger Games' Trumps '12  ...
t Microsoft revisits privacy policy
b Bartow's Unemployment Rate Inches to 7.3 Percent
e Jay Z and Beyonce Divorce Reckons High as Tour Details Leak
t “Glass” half empty in Google trademark registration fight
e “Transformers” Tops Weak Holiday Weekend Box Office
m Autism may be linked to pesticides
m Safely dispose of old prescription drugs at National Drug Take-Back Day
e Daniel Radcliffe Knows All About J.K. Rowling's New 'Harry Potter' Story
b March consumer inflation accelerates to 8.31 per cent: what experts say
m Jerky pet treats blamed for more than 1000 dog deaths
e Sherri Shepard And Jenny McCarthy Exiting 'The View'
t Microsoft continues Nokia's Android plan with X2 smartphone
b Spirit Airlines Receives Lowest Scores Among Consumers
b Potential Targets Downplay Talks With British American Tobacco PLC (ADR  ...
e Fox lineup: 'Gotham' gets Monday at 8, 'Brooklyn' to Sunday
e Giveaway Alert! Win the Official MTV Movie Awards Gift Bag, Valued at $6775!
b Short Interest in Tesla Motors Decreases By 6.1% (TSLA)
t 10 Things You Need to Know About Amazon's New Fire Phone
b Ford, Nissan Top Estimates as Weather Boosts Auto Sales
e Don Follis: On Palm Sunday, the human cry is always the same
e “Father of the Bride” star Steve Martin has dismissed rumors the film franchise is  ...
b Crunch Time For Health Insurance Deadline
m Spring allergy season just beginning
e Josh Kaufman from Team Usher is the 'Voice'!
b Hillshire Brands buying Pinnacle Foods for $4.23B
t Images of 2015 Chevrolet Corvette Z06 Convertible leaked
b Japanese, Australian PMs sign agreement on basic free trade
b Car bomb in Yemen's port city of Aden kills 1
e CBS renewing deal for 'Big Bang Theory'
b Hewlett-Packard to cut at least 11K more jobs
e Sue Townsend, author of Adrian Mole series, dies aged 68
b Apple Buys Beats From Dr. Dre For $3.2 Billion
e Eminem's heartbreaking video to his mom, 'Headlights': Watch
e Hilary Duff Says Separation From Husband Has Been 'Very Difficult'
b FX round-up: Dollar makes headway against yen
t Flappy Bird Developer Teases New Game Screenshot
t Will it be wild ride on gas-price cycle?
e Transcendence's Johnny Depp Shares A Weird Story About Chinese  ...
b Dick's Sporting Goods 4Q profit rose 7 percent
b Missing Malaysian plane new data: Autopilot programmed to veer off course
t Dire UN climate change report is a call to action: Editorial
t The bright side of Facebook's social experiments on users
m CDC: 'More effort needed to fight hospital infections'
b China's CSI 300 Index Plunges to Five-Year Low on Export Slump
e 'All By Myself': Lonely traveler makes epic video
t OKCupid Website Blocks Firefox Because of Mozilla CEO's Anti-Gay Beliefs
t NASA carbon sleuth will sniff out 'missing' emissions
b McDonald's Co. Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.81 (MCD)
b The firm forecast second-quarter per-share earnings between 67 cents and 69  ...
e George Clooney and Amal Alamuddin Hold Star-Studded Malibu Engagement  ...
b FOREX-Yen, Swiss franc advance as Ukraine concerns dominate
t Google Acquires High-Altitude Drone Maker Titan Aerospace
e Olivia Palermo is Married! See Her Stunning Carolina Herrera Wedding Dress
t Simpler, content focused Android TV to succeed failed Google TV experiment?
t Google execs visit Cuba to promote ' a free and open Internet'
e VIDEO: Anna Kendrick Sings, Dances & Spoofs 'Cups' on SNL
e No, Aereo Won't Create the Perfect TV
e 'Dancing With The Stars' Contestants Amy Purdy, Danica McKellar Give  ...
t Top 10 new species for 2014 includes an appealing carnivorous mammal, 12  ...
e Dylan's 'Like a Rolling Stone' draft sells for $2M - WHLT 22 Connecting the Pine  ...
b Manufacturing activity slows down in March
t Report links NSA to explotation of Heartbleed Bug
b Amazon ecommerce goes social with Twitter
b Turkey's ban on Twitter unleashes protest
m Middle East virus makes its way to the US
t From ColumbusAlive.com
t Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 After Specs Comparison and  ...
e Japanese girl band singers attacked by SAW
b Kerry offers to partner in PM Modi's vision, Sushma reminds him of US spying on  ...
t Elon Musk Just Shared This Picture Of The Historic 'Soft Landing' That Could  ...
t UPDATE 3-Oracle looks to boost growth with biggest deal in 5 years
b Euro sinks as Draghi suggests action at next ECB meeting
e Favreau dishes on how to make a good foodie film
e Peaches Geldof's Funeral To Take Place On Easter Monday
b Gainers In Focus: Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), NightCulture Inc (OTCBB: NGHT  ...
t Google starts removing search results in EU
t Samsung Selling Verizon Galaxy S5 Developer Edition at $599
t Google Glass sale could be extended
b U.S. Fixed Mortgage Rates Fall in Latest Week
b Weibo Sells Fewer Shares Than Expected in Much-Anticipated IPO
b J&J accepts $4B Carlyle offer for diagnostics unit
b US auto sales sizzled in July, helped by discounts
m Eating chocolate to your heart's content
e Late columnist's spy novel hits silver screen
t Facebook Unveils Location-Sharing Feature
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Zoom, aka K Zoom release date April 29 in Singapore
t App Extensions in iOS 8 Will Change How You Use Your Device
b California repeals law banning bitcoin
b Why Netflix (NFLX) Stock Is Higher This Morning
e Prince Charming isn't all he seems in dating show
t Facebook tweaks privacy settings so new users share only with friends
b JK Rowling's New Book is Unavailable on Amazon
b General Electric: A Golden Dividend Opportunity Is Never Offered Twice
e Allegations of sexual harassment at Comic-Con convention
e Pat Sajak Taking Heat Over Global Warming Tweet
e Selena in 2013, pre-rehab
e TI Responds To Allegations He Was Hit During Mayweather Brawl
e Khloe Kardashian Can't Hide Her Camel Toe As She Jets To Paris For Kimye's  ...
t Smart contact lenses will monitor tears
t 'Upside of giving a damn': Ford targets progressives, mocks capitalist Cadillac ad
t Google Responds to the Right of Being Forgotton Claims
t Titanfall companion app now available on iOS and Android
e Gwyneth Paltrow Speaks Post-Split
e Katie Couric - Katie Couric weds
t Apple Inc introduces 21.5-inch entry level iMac at Rs 79900
b SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz LLP Investigates Claims That the Merger  ...
b NAR: April Existing-Home Sales Tick Up, Inventory Improves
e Quiz: Test your Muppets knowledge
e Pippa Middleton Bum Style Maintains 'Normal' Relationship with Sister Kate  ...
b Fed Cuts Growth Forecast; Still Confident About Recovery
b Asian shares mostly higher, Iraq crisis caps gains
t Office for iPad: Readers yawn but users apping it up
b Postal workers protest privatization at Staples
t FCC website crashes following John Oliver's rant
e President Snow addresses Panem in 'Hunger Games: Mockingjay' teaser
e Kit Harington on Secrets of 'Game of Thrones' Season 4 Finale
t Weather extremes consistent with man-made climate change
t Bachelor party finds mastodon skull
t eBay makes users change their passwords after hack
e Shelagh Rogers: With Mowat, 'I never knew what I was in for'
b SAC Capital to rename as Point72 Asset Management, memo says
e Round Hill Community Church organizes Easter Week
m FDA preps plan to reduce salt
m World's first migraine-prevention device gets US FDA nod
m FDA approves device to treat migraine headaches
b American Airlines, JetBlue ending interline sales agreement and reciprocal  ...
e Mutual connectivity misses big issues
b General Motors Co.'s share price up, engineering unit's chief Calabrese to depart
t Apple iPhone 6 high profile leak made by China Telecom
m Caffeine Affects Teen Boys, Girls Differently, Study Says
b Alcatel-Lucent (ALU) Reports Q1 EPS of EUR0.01
b Andy Koenig: Florida's real tax day is tax freedom day
b Study: Fuels from corn waste worse than gas for global warming in the short term
t Swiss drugmaker Novartis and Google to develop 'smart' contact lens
b German business confidence slips below expectations
m WHO Polio Outbreak: Organization Calls for International Response After  ...
b MARKET EYE -India's cement shares up on consolidation hopes after Lafarge  ...
e 'Star Wars' creator selects Chicago over San Francisco for museum
e 'Girl Meets World' First Teaser - Watch Here!
b JPMorgan Chase Investing $100 In Detroit
e Watch Guardians of the Galaxy's Vin Diesel Say 'I am Groot' in Four Different  ...
b Bitcoin Legalized in California
e Reports: Gwen Stefani in Talks to Join 'The Voice'
t iTunes Considers On-Demand Streaming and Android App…
e Former Dynasty star Kate O'Mara dies aged 74
e The Bachelor Juan Pablo has his share of haters
m Canadian man in hospital tests negative for Ebola
b Dollar steady ahead of Fed meeting
b Should Greece's return to the bond market be welcomed?
e Mark Wahlberg worries about his kids' futures
b Why Shire (SHPG) Stock Is Surging Today
t Honda and Fiat vehicles being recalled
m Researchers prepare to effects of cell phone use on children's brains
t International Report Highlights Climate Risk for Australia
e Traditional TV is the Big Emmys Winner
e Joan Rivers won't apologize for captivity joke
t Apple iPod Touch 16GB gets iSight camera, new price
e Another little Lachey on the way
b Some Americans may see smaller tax refunds due to health care subsidies
e Game of Thrones Season 4 Spoilers: Aiden Gillen teases Littlefinger's return
b How Spanish free wi-fi firm Gowex was brought down by Gotham
e Billy Murray Gives Sage Advice on Finding 'The One'
t Chinese Baidu's Searches Constitute Free Speech, According to Judge
e Colbert in Twitter trouble for racial joke
t Apple Could Be About to Get a Huge Gift From Microsoft
e Here's the Incredible House Ellen DeGeneres Just Flipped to Napster Founder  ...
b Russia ordered to pay Yukos shareholders $50 billion
e After the rain fell
t LG G3 launch confirmed for Q2 along with wider roll-out of L-Series III
e Queen to release new songs with Freddie Mercury
t eBay comment on OpenSSL/Heartbleed bug
t Google Maps App Gets A Bunch Of New Features
e Woody Allen casts Emma Stone in his next movie
e 'American Idol' season 14 may only air once a week
b VIDEO: Big News from Berkshire: Coca-Cola, Dividends and More
m FDA plans first e-cigarette regulations
e Celebrate Father's Day Early By Watching Jimmy Fallon Do The Evolution Of  ...
e Drew Barrymore Gives Birth To Second Baby Girl
b How Putin won big in Chinese natural gas deal
e James Franco Discusses His Provocative Instagram Shenanigans on 'Letterman  ...
m 'She's fighting through it': Son of Missionary infected with Ebola reveals mother is  ...
e Enticing the audience: Marketers drive demand for moviegoing
e Levi's CEO: Don't wash your jeans
b Now EPA says it can't find emails requested by Congress because of hard drive  ...
t Five Apps to Make Your iPhone and Mac Work Together Even Better
t USA v Germany will be out of this world for ISS astronauts
e The Big Bang Theory Gets Renewed For Three More Seasons, Will Probably  ...
b Profit from China's war on pollution
e Did Leonardo DiCaprio Cheer when Orlando Bloom Decked Justin Bieber?
b Homes sales rise for first time this year
e GWAR Frontman Oderus Urungus aka Dave Brockie, Dead at 50
t GM CEO To Apologize For Safety Defects
t Happy birthday world wide web
t Pingree Says Comcast-Netflix Peering Deal Is Net Neutrality Threat
t NASA International Space Station Launch Live Stream: Watch The New ISS  ...
b Microsoft expected to unveil Office for iPad Thursday
e Teens tweets threat to airline, then has 'social media meltdown'
t Apple kicks off public OS X beta testing
e No Country for Old Men: Met Opera General Manager Peter Gelb Takes Pay Cut  ...
t Apple's new Wearable Device may launch during iPhone Event
m Targeted Cancer Therapy May Treat Resistant Gynecologic Cancers
m Alzheimer's rate dropping in U.S., study shows
m Memorial raises awareness about HIV/AIDS
b Refiners Sink On US Oil Export Threat
t Google enters music streaming fray with Songza buy
t Element 117 earns spot on periodic table
b Dollar Lower Against Yen On Ukraine Concerns, US Stock Sell-Off
e Ann B. Davis: Beloved 'Brady Bunch' Star Dies at 88
t Apple products to form hub of digital life
b American Apparel votes to oust founder Dov Charney
b Barclays to cut 7000 UK jobs this year
t Ford Recalls Nearly 386000 Escape SUVs
e The Miley Cyrus: Bangerz Tour Special Brings in Low Ratings with Only 2 Million  ...
t HTC One (M8) appears in 14-minute German language hands-on video
b Gas prices up half a cent; possibly at season's peak
e Visual Dazzle Of 'Transcendence' Won't Live Up To The Title
e Kim Kardashian Does Some Shopping With Her Sisters, Steals Kylie Jenner's  ...
e Josh Hartnett goes gothic for new Sky Atlantic series Penny Dreadful
t Super Smash Bros. for 3DS Wrinkles Up a Paper Mario Stage
b UPDATE 3-US takes first step toward fracking disclosure rules
e Kardashian sisters rent Hamptons home, report says
b Videocast: Is 12 the VIX bottom?
e No One Is Buying His Story! Zac Efron's Friends Are Convinced He's Back To His  ...
t Google Chrome, Firefox: Microsoft Warns of Internet Explorer Security Gap
t Google under fire from European media tycoon
m Oscar 'perfectly sane' when he shot Reeva
e Cameron Diaz and Jason Segel star in first trailer for Sex Tape: watch now
t Samsung and LG reportedly looking at sapphire panels
m Rare 'mono mono' twins born holding hands become stars
m Bearing The Alzheimer's Burden
e 'Noah' Surfs Over The Box Office
b Ukraine energy firm sues Russia for $6.0 bn
e Angelina Jolie wants daughters to be proud of themselves
b FOREX-Dollar mostly steady before Yellen, up against yen
b Holcim, Lafarge merge to create world's top cement firm
b Four people arrested over Turkey mine disaster
b WTI Crude Drops Before US Economic Data; Brent Falls
e 'Game of Thrones' Review: The First of His Name
m Lab mice stressed by smell of male researchers: McGill study
e Wes Anderson portrait
e Gwyneth Paltrow Wanted To Pretend To Stay Married To Chris Martin!
t Microsoft Surface lead: Surface Pro 3 is made for people, not for businesses
e The Death of Archie Andrews is Coming in July
e Male actors are too high maintenance: Shailene Woodley
e Lana Del Rey reportedly no longer dating Barrie-Jamies O'Neill
t Apple Prepping To Launch A "Cheaper" 8 GB iPhone 5c
t Google Glass gets another hardware revision with 2GB RAM, previous owners  ...
b Orbital Sciences Corp Price Target Increased to $42.00 by Analysts at FBR  ...
e 'Game of Thrones' star urged to keep acting by creator
e Selena Gomez Stuns At Italy's Ischia Global Festival, New Tattoo Under Wraps
t Google Glass goes on sale in the US today. Will you be buying a pair?
b French Satellite Offers Fresh Lead In Hunt for Missing Jet
t US woman finds birth mom who left her in Burger King bathroom as newborn
m Don't Ignore Sun Danger and Skin Changes
e “The Amazing Spider Man” Stars Andrew Garfield And Emma Stone Awesomely  ...
b Three miners rescued after landslide
b Don't Sweat Gas Prices This Memorial Day Weekend
b U.S. existing home sales rise 1.3% in April to 4.65 million units
e 'Breaking Bad' sweeps 66th Emmy Awards (Roundup)
e Kendall Jenner wears head-turning dress at the MMVAs 10:02AM
b Amazon Admits It's Discouraging Customers From Buying Hachette's Books
t Reports: Dr Dre To Sell Beats For $3.2 Billion
b McDonald's workers descend on headquarters
t T-Mobile Abolishes Overage Penalties for All Customers
t Microsoft's real-time Skype language translator could be its first real  ...
b Illinois attorney general to address alleged scams
e Queen announce “emotional”new album featuring FreddieMercury
b GAS PRICES: Iraq turmoil could drive up Inland rates
b Ikea boosts average hourly minimum wage to $10.76 at all US stores
b Tesla Gets Pass On Dealer Rules From Senate Panel
t Samsung intros Galaxy Ace Style, a mid-range 4″ KitKat cutie
b Sharp fall in eurozone inflation heaps pressure on ECB
e J Lo Shimmers as Versace Kicks Off Paris Fashion Week
e Kourtney Kardashian: 'Kim hasn't gotten any negative feedback for Vogue'
m Five dead in first Sierra Leone Ebola outbreak
t Windows XP: Feds Brace For End Of Support
b Indian Shares Seen Subdued As Oil Prices Surge
t Flappy Bird May Just Come Back to Stores - Developer
e Robert Pattinson Serves Up A Sexy Smirk At The Rover's LA Premiere!
b A Good Run: Ford COO Mark Fields Will Replace CEO Alan Mulally
t Google debuts on Instagram
e George RR Martin Releases New Chapter of Book Online
e Coachella Pictures Rile Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez's Parents! They're  ...
e Let 'Weird Al' Yankovic Teach Your Students Grammar
b Google share price: Q1 revenue misses estimates as CPC continues to fall
t The Google partnership gives Micromax just the perfect tailwind for an IPO
b Whiting Becomes Biggest Bakken Shale Player With Buyout of Kodiak
t Nokia launches Lumia 930 Windows 8.1 flagship
b American International Group Inc Tops Q1 EPS Estimates (AIG)
t AAA: Average gas price in Rhode Island up 4 cents from last week but below  ...
e Late snake-handling preacher's son bitten by rattlesnake
m New Public Service Campaign Uses Humor to Urge Men Over 50 to Check Their  ...
e Russell Crowe - Russell Crowe's nude scenes in Noah
e Pamela Anderson reveals she was sexually abused as child
e Check Up On It: 20 Crazy Facts You Didn't Know About Beyonce And Jay Z
b QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) Issues Q3 Earnings Guidance
b Malaysia denies report that jet flew on after contact lost
e Arnold Schwarzenegger WILL be back for new Terminator movie
t Sony follows Microsoft into Chinese game consoles market
e DiCaprio gives Bieber the flick
t UN panels calls for dramatic shifts to mitigate climate change
b Lululemon Q4 Results Top Estimates, But Provides Weak Outlook
b BP manager allegedly learned scale of spill, dumped stock
b GM Recalls Another 1.6M Cars as CEO Admits "Terrible" Consequences
t iPhone 6 Release Rumors: New Apple Smartphone Could Be 'Much More  ...
t ZeniMax Media Files Lawsuit Against Oculus VR For Allegedly Using Their  ...
e Baby gender reveal spoils Queen Creek boy's day
m Manatee County teen survives flesh-eating bacteria infection
e Is Chris Christie the worst dancing politician? How Bush, Obama, Rangel move
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S tablets rumored to feature 2560x1600 AMOLED displays
t Mozilla employees call for resignation of CEO Brendan Eich as board members  ...
e Robert Pattinson - Robert Pattinson is still friends with Kristen Stewart
t Samsung Galaxy S5 and Gear Wearables Now Available in 150 Countries
e Crosby, Stills and Nash Join Jimmy Fallon on Iggy Azalea's 'Fancy'
b Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Scores Legislative Victory in Washington State
b Jan. unemployment rates down in 43 states
e Extant: Sci-Fi Alien Conspiracy Meets Family Drama in CBS' Summer Series
e First look image of Henry Cavill as Superman in Batman v Superman: Dawn of  ...
b AT&T Buying TV Provider Directv
e Lopez: Versace is my go-to
e Approval for powdered alcohol developed in AZ 'issued in error' - WSFA.com  ...
b Ukraine rebels, government both deny shooting down plane with 295 on board
e Harrison Ford injury to halt 'Star Wars' production for two weeks
e Isla Vista shootings: Victim's father wants to meet father of attacker
b IPOs are busting out all over
e Record labels sue Pandora over vintage song royalties
b Spain reports first price fall in four years
b Gold edges above $1300, platinum gains as strikes continue
t ISS Remains Unaffected by US-Russian Relationships on Earth
b Lacklustre Candy Crush IPO spooks investors
b Jolts From Mideast, Washington Break Calm on Street
e Meet the Woman Responsible for the Viral &quot;First Kiss&quot; Video
t Microsoft, Nokia Deal Slated to Close April 25
t Qualcomm Buys Wilocity, Stepping Up Broadcom Challenge
m Kids kick butts with RAZE
t Heartbleed: Serious OpenSSL zero day vulnerability revealed
e 'Bachelorette' Star Andi Dorfman Says Nick Viall's Sex Talk Was 'Kind Of Classless'
t Japan's “Scientific” Whale Hunt Is Just Commercial Whaling in Disguise
m Advantame, New Artificial Sweetener Approved
b Michigan gets $4.6M in SunTrust settlement
b Gilead Hepatitis C Drug Sovaldi Tops Estimates by $1 Billion (2)
t Sony Xperia Z2 Will Not Hit Any US Carrier, Will Be Available from Sony's Online  ...
e Memo: L'Wren Scott Was Not Shutting Down Her Company
m E-cigarettes light up controversy
e The Daily Dish
m E-cigarette hazards, merits unclear
b U.S. Jobless Claims Edge Down
m Calculator helps figure strength of drinks
b Medtronic To Buy Smaller Rival Covidien In $43 Bln Deal
b Europe's cabbies protest Uber app competition
e North Korea: New Seth Rogen movie an 'act of war'
e Listen: Kendrick, Alicia Keys,Pharrell team up for“amazing” collaboration
b Steady Progress At Microsoft - Outlook Positive
m Ugandan Doctor Latest Ebola Casualty in Liberia, Toll Rising
b Euro-area inflation steady at 0.5% shows ECB challenge
t An Alarming Prediction About Antarctica Made In 1978 Is Coming True
m Ebola outbreak: WHO calls for emergency talks as death toll reaches 467 in  ...
m Salmonella Outbreak From Contact with Bearded Dragons
b GM Recalls 2.42 Million Vehicles In Four US Recalls
b Cutting off access
e Fox News Mouthbreather Calls Bachelorette Andi a 'Slut'
e 'Guardians of the Galaxy' aiming for record $70 Million opening
e Coachella 2014: 10 Best Performances
b New EPA moves need our support
e Captain America sequel outpaces Muppets Most Wanted at UK box office
e Justin Bieber Has Magical Powers, 'Brainwashed' Selena Gomez
m Outraged Strangers Beg Drug Company To Save 7-Year-Old's Life
t Save some money with the GOG Summer Sale
e 'Jeopardy!' Host Alex Trebek Breaks Game Show Record
b Alibaba's business model and the Chinese market make its IPO hot
e Met Ball 2014: See Kendall Jenner and Lily Aldridge get their make-up done
e Church Roundup
e Dancing with the Stars 2014: Finals Predictions – Who Wins Tonight?
b Ronald McDonald Gets Makeover and Goes Social with #RonaldMcDonald
e Life in pictures: Gabriel Garcia Marquez
e Casey Kasem influenced many of Atlanta's radio personalities
b Burger King mulls Tim Hortons deal in tax-saving Canada move
e Idina Menzel Dishes on Long Island Roots
b Hess Corp to sell US retail business to Marathon Petroleum for $2.6 bn
e 'Horrible Bosses 2' Cast & Trailer: Jennifer Aniston is Sexy Nymphomaniac in  ...
e Jennifer Lawrence on Her Rise to Fame: "Nobody Can Stay Beloved Forever  ...
t Google Nest smoke alarm found to have fire detection flaw
t Report: Google buys drone company Titan Aerospace
t Facebook to soon require standalone Messenger app for mobile chats [u]
t AT&T Chief Sets Aside Europe Dream to Shore Up US Video (2)
e From the archives: A Q&A with Farley Mowat
e Justin Bieber surprises Coachella
e Cannes 2014: The Homesman reaction review
e Lynn Becomes Southie For A Day For Johnny Depp-Whitey Bulger Movie 'Black  ...
b Swiss court grants $4.5 billion divorce to Russian tycoon's wife
m Inadequate housing contributes to low health rankings
b Abramson controversy shadows Baquet's rise at Times, New Yorker reports
e Tupac Shakur musical to close Sunday on Broadway - NewsOn6.com - Tulsa  ...
e Prime Streaming Music Service Launches On Amazon's Subscription Program
b Make a Run for the Border – For Breakfast
t Sony's 'Selfie' Smartphone Leaked Ahead of Global Debut
t Ham radio enthusiasts practice digital transmissions
t Don't blame Android for being like a PC
b Unemployment in Illinois drops to 5-year low of 8.4 percent
m Diet beverages actually do help people lose weight
e The odd couple of 'Mad Men': Peggy and Don
t Will Facebook-Oculus purchase advance virtual reality?
e Want Ellen to flip? Net her $15 million
b Barclays in dock over 'dark pool' trading
e Allison Williams Cast as Peter Pan in NBC Live Musical
e Ex-NYT editor: No idea what I'll do next
e Craig Ferguson to leave the Late Late Show in December
t ANNUAL MEETING: All Votes Go Facebook's Way
t Facebook Seeks EU Antitrust Review of WhatsApp Deal -- Update
t GM won't limit ignition switch crash compensation
e Kim Kardashian Not Married, Not Filming Her Wedding, Sets Record Straight
t Sony says PlayStation user information safe after attack
e Picasso Painting Hidden Man: Secret Figure Revealed in 'The Blue Room'
m Doctors Design Mini Dialysis Machine For Babies
t Nine fisheries to blame for half of all drowned whales and wasted fish
t 'Alien' life form grown in a lab: Scientists add unnatural DNA strands to the  ...
e Weird Al's 'Word Crimes' turns 'Blurred Lines' into a valuable PSA
b Oil prices ease in Asian trade
e Kickstarter campaign for potato salad hits $44000
b Sector Update: Consumer Shares Mixed Pre-Market; Bon-Ton Drops 6% as CEO  ...
b Pfizer assurances 'not worth paper they're written on'
b Stocks Stay Near Day's Highs; Bitauto, Arris Gain
b Argentina heading for debt default
b Box IPO details yet another money-loser
e Broadway Review: 'Of Mice and Men'
b Airbnb eases path for business travelers
b Ford Misses Wall Street Estimates as Profit Falls by 39%
b Financial Companies Report Dividends, Schedules, Technical Updates, and  ...
e Hugh Jackman may continue playing Wolverine
e Loosely Translated: Chris Harrison says no fatties on "The Bachelor"
e Mad Men begins a two-part final season
e Pop Forecast: Into everyone's life a little Jon Snow must fall
t 'First Billionaire In Hip Hop' Dr. Dre Celebrates Beats Headphones Sale To  ...
b With Alitalia, Etihad Adds to Its Global Stable of Airlines
b Blackberry Sells Even Fewer Smartphones As Business 'Evolves' Towards Profit
e Christians celebrate Easter
b Target cans Canadian president Tony Fisher
e Nobel winner and apartheid fighter Nadine Gordimer dies, age 90
b “Redskins” Trademarks Axed, Ruling Threatens Broadcasters
e Pope, patriarch pray in Holy Sepulcher church
t US govt advises using alternatives to Internet Explorer until flaw fixed
t Apple vs. Samsung: Jury Delivers Mixed Verdict
t Report: Our oceans are full of plastic debris but not as much as originally believed
b McDonald's Sales Slip as Americans' Eating Habits Shift
t Facebook Officer Says Mood Manipulation Study Was 'Poorly Communicated'
e Battles continue on 'The Voice'
b Kurds complete first crude oil sale without Baghdad's consent
e Weekend Box Office Report: Godzilla Stomps The Competition
e If momma-in-law ain't happy, ain't nobody happy! George Clooney slams rumors  ...
e Spoilers Abound For 'Dancing With The Stars' Disney Week, Including Who  ...
t Aaron Paul turns on thousands of Xbox One consoles via TV ad
e Chris Brown to Remain in Jail for a Month
e Virus-hit McCartney cans Japan concerts
b McDonald's Offering Free Coffee Amid Breakfast War
m Rome painted pink for Avon Preview Breast Cancer Walk
t Google's first “right to be forgotten” moves spark outrage over court order
t Feds claim T-Mobile bilked hundreds of millions through 'cramming'
e Michael Jackson - New Michael Jackson Album Set For Release
e Ranking the X-Men films from worst to best
t New Yorkers' Personal Records Exposed, Report Says
b Fed's Bullard says it's getting harder to justify low rates
e Rolf Harris 1985 Educational Video Warns Children About Paedophiles
e Miley Cyrus Drug Overdose Rumors: The Pop Singer Denied Claims She Was  ...
e Breaking Bad, Modern Family win big at Emmys
t Why Ford Motor (F) Stock Is Up Today
b $43bn deal helps Medtronic cure tax ills
e Erykah Badu crashes a news report and makes rude hand gestures
b Streamlining BHP Billiton Easier Said Than Done
t Scientists Spot an Earth-Size Planet 500 Light-Years Away
t Samsung Galaxy F – Why Does It Make Sense For Samsung To Deny Its  ...
m Fist-bump instead of a handshake, or handshake instead of a kiss?
m Are You a Cynic? The Unexpected Way It Could Affect Your Health
e Comedian Jerry Lewis leaves prints in cement in Hollywood
e Johnny Depp's 'Mortdecai' scheduled for February 2015 release
t HTC One M8: Great new features, but can it pip Samsung Galaxy S5?
e Mick Jagger sends himself up at Monty Python Live (Mostly) press conference
e Dozens of Never-Before-Seen Andy Warhol Works Found on Floppy Disks
e Restoring ailing economy is top priority for Thailand coup leaders
t Oracle makes biggest buy since 2010
m Salmonella Outbreak Linked To Chicken Persists
t Smartphone Kill-Switch Coming to Devices in July 2015
b Reynolds, Lorillard in advanced talks to combine
b AT&T and DirecTV defend proposed mega-merger
e 'Scandal' Lead Actor Columbus Short Arrested on Felony Charge
e Jason Momoa May Play Aquaman In 'Batman V. Superman: Dawn Of Justice'
t Tesla breaks ground in Nevada for battery factory, but NM isn't ruled out
t Heartbleed is about to get worse, and it will slow the Internet to a crawl
b UPDATE 1-AIRSHOW-US lifts grounding order for Lockheed F-35 fighters-sources
t Pirated Copies Of Watch Dogs May Contain Bitcoin Malware
t Text-to-911 program launched for emergencies
b USDA Estimates Fairly Close to Expectations
t Amazon shares Appstore research ahead of new device launch
b UPDATE 5-UK shakes up Bank of England with three new top policy appointments
m Australian obesity rates climbing faster than anywhere else in the world, study  ...
e Shocking news of the day: Hello Kitty isn't a cat -- and she's not cute
e How I Met Your Mother Season 9: Finale Clip gives Spoiler, Fan Theories on  ...
b MH370 mystery makes payouts likely
b Florida loses 2600 jobs in January, but unemployment rate falls to 6.1 percent
b Coke, Pepsi to remove controversial ingredient from drinks
m FDA Says Taking Aspirin Daily Won't Help Paitents With No History Of Heart  ...
e Record Store Day 2014: share your photos of your favourites
t AAA Michigan: Gas prices fall 1 cent over past week
b MH370 search area off Australian coast intensifies; China reports debris satellite  ...
t U.S. government helped fund Facebook experiment that manipulated users  ...
b Target appoints new CEO
t Boost Mobile Offering the Samsung Galaxy S5 in May
t To fix an air bag software glitch Ford recalls 7 lakh Escapes
t Meeting a real alien 'possible' in 20 years, say astronomers
b Unemployment claims fall to nearly seven year low, government says
b As Michael Lewis Agrees, HFT Makes Investors Better Off
e Diane Sawyer stepping down from anchor position
e Aaron Carter misses brother's wedding after plane delay
t New Facebook feature will recognize, share users' music, TV shows
t Half million AOL Mail accounts compromised in attack
b Retail sales in March best since 2012 as auto sales surge
t The Ticker: YouTube Suit, Boston Run, '60′ Win
b May Advance Retail Sales: Weaker Than Forecast [Dow Jones Industrial  ...
b WWE Spoilers for SummerSlam 2014 Leaked: Will John Cena vs. Brock Lesnar  ...
t Facebook can now see your porn history
b Norwegian ship reaches area where Malaysia Airlines plane debris may have  ...
b Pfizer Abandons $118 Billion Bid for AstraZeneca
b Why Devon Energy (DVN) Stock Is Up Today
e Usher Sings About Oral Sex On New Single 'Good Kisser' (LISTEN)
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West reject charity donation
m An Endemic Ebola Fever, From the Last Decade Is Back and Spreading Fast
b Barclays hires new bonuses boss ahead of next week's AGM
b ICE Canada Review: Canola stays lower after USDA report
e George Clooney meets his match
b Twitter Revenue Up, Growth Rate Jumps
e Shia LaBeouf's Fight With a Homeless Guy Hours Before Arrest (PHOTOS)
b 'Out-of-court settlements likely in MH370 case'
b Fed to keep current policy in place
b U.S. wins W.T.O. ruling on illegal Chinese duties on auto imports
e 2014 Coachella Valley Music & Arts Festival: Week 2
e Casey Kasem remembered as calm pop music radio host
b Panasonic Aims To Be Sole Producer in Tesla's Planned Multibillion-Dollar US  ...
m Eliminating Colorectal Cancer As a Public Health Problem
m West Africa Ebola virus death toll rises to 603 - WHO
t Google says its self-driving cars have started to master the navigation of city streets
e Amazon have signed an exclusive deal that will bring HBO content to Amazon  ...
t Facebook suffers longest outage ever
t Amazon eyes live-stream game site Twitch: Report
b China 'should straighten out its wealth managers'
b EPA Adds One Hazardous Waste Site in the Southeast to Superfund's National  ...
b Amazon First-Quarter Earnings Meet Expectations as Revenue Rises
e Diane Sawyer leaving ABC's 'World News' as David Muir takes over
b US stocks end lower led by biotechnology sector
m Fruit and veg keep the undertaker away
t Sheryl Sandberg on Facebook newsfeed experiment: 'We never meant to upset  ...
b Mickelson says he's cooperating in trading probe
e Time to take the high road and legalize marijuana – at the federal level
t AT and T announces 1 Gigabit "Paper Fiber" but reduces capital spending
e Woody has a role for Stone
t Facebook to rollout 'friends' tracking feature
e Led Zeppelin to be sued over Stairway to Heaven
b Home prices rise by 10.5 percent year over year in April
b Top BIS Economist: Pension Funds Risk Drifting into 'Danger'
e The 'Divergent' reviews are in : What say the critics?
b The Amazon Phone: Is It Destined For Failure In The UK?
b S&P 500 closes above 2000 for first time
m Impact of bullying can last a lifetime
t Apple to Launch New 'Smart Home' Platform at WWDC
e 'Gone Girl' trailer features the many faces of Ben Affleck
b Concerns Deepen As Uber Protests Drive On
e Captain America: The First Avenger Gets the CinemaSins Treatment
m 'We need your blood'
m TIMELINE: Electronic Cigarettes Milestones
t World Net Daily Has Some Great Theories About What the Blood Moon 'Tetrad  ...
b Merkel pledges more support for Greece
b China says Vietnam claims to disputed islets "ridiculous"
b Unemployment rates fall in 29 states
b State water contractors get 5 percent: What does that really mean?
m Rising levels of carbon dioxide will make our food less nutritious, say researchers
t Priced: 2014 Mercedes-Benz B-Class Electric Drive
e Norfolk gets set to celebrate this year's Eurovision Song Contest
e 'Tyrant' Review: A Middle Eastern Soap With Nothing Radical to Say
t Bodies ID'd as missing hikers from Minnesota
e Selena Gomez and Taylor Swift: Friendship Over Due to Justin Bieber?
e Brad Pitt Is Back To Killing Nazis In 'Fury' — 'The Ultimate Tank Movie'
t Heartbleed Impacts Taxes, Android
m Virginia Measles Exposure Might Have Extended To Bethesda
e Paul Walker's mom wants guardianship of late actor's daughter
e Fox Sets 'I Wanna Marry 'Harry'' Premiere Date
m E-Cigarettes Boost Quitting Success Among Smokers: Study
t Apollo 11 – 45 Years Later
t IBM to offer iPads, iPhones for business users
e Lacheys expecting daughter
b AOL Profit Falls Short of Estimates on Costs to Lure Viewers
e The Jenners v. Selena Gomez: What's going on? Plus, Khloe Kardashian  ...
b AUD to EUR – Aussie Up, Euro Down
e HR Giger: Alien creator dies aged 74 from injuries sustained in a fall
t Will Microsoft's Surface Pro 3 Finally Break Big in the Tablet Market?
e Cannes comes to a close with a Palme d'Or for Winter Sleep
e Neil Young Starts Digital Music Business
t Harley-Davidson Reveals Project LiveWire(TM), The First Electric Harley  ...
m Pesticide Exposure Increases Autism Risk?
b EMC profits down in Q1 due to costs
t Twitter to acquire data partner Gnip
e Mickey Rooney To Be Laid To Rest At Hollywood Forever Cemetery Alongside  ...
t Normal's $199 earbuds rely on mobile app, 3D printing
t PlayStation 4 Worldwide Sales Break 7 Million
b Avago To Acquire PLX Technology In A $309 Million Deal
e 'Girl Meets World': Trailer nails 'Boy Meets World' nostalgia
t GM recall Q&A: Why did it take so long to fix problem?
t GM Recalls 1.3M Cars for Power Steering Problems
e 'Miranda Fugate Lockwood' Dead? Girl Hit In Head with Shovel in Viral Vine  ...
b JPMorgan Chase & Co.: JPMorgan Chase Declares Common Stock Dividend
e You Won't Be Drinking Powdered Alcohol Anytime Soon
e Woman goes to jail after calling another woman a "bald headed b* - WBTV 3  ...
t WhatsApp and Facebook Deal is approved by FTC
t Netflix seals Verizon network peering deal
b Broken water main floods UCLA; 5 people rescued - FOX Carolina 21
t Android L Now Available for Developers: Consumer Ready Version of Android L  ...
e Jennifer Love Hewitt Signs on as Criminal Minds Series Regular
t Space Junk Video Shows What 500000 Objects In Orbit Really Looks Like
b Valuation fears drag down world equities, Wall Street
t Brace yourselves, Twitter fans: phasing out of @ replies and hashtags is being  ...
b Dollar mostly higher vs. rivals, US jobs data in focus
b Lenovo profit rises 25% as PCs, smartphones boost market share
t Posted by Asfia Afzal
e Downtrodden Hank Baskett Checks Into Motel — Fight With Kendra? Rumor  ...
e So, Where Are Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Getting Married? What We Know  ...
b Pimco: Inflation Jury Should Decide How Much Slack Is in US Economy
t Google extends reach into mobile apps with new ad feature
e WATCH: Tori Spelling Reveals How She Found Out About Dean McDermott Affair
e Kanye West & Kim Kardashian Get Married
e Taylor Swift Op Eds on the Future of the Music Industry: "Music Should Not Be  ...
b Fracking Wastewater in Oklahoma Triggers Earthquakes, study says
e Examining Drake's beef with Macklemore over his Grammy win
e 'Game of Thrones' Creator George R.R. Martin Talks Season 4 Finale Spoilers  ...
b Unemployment claims drop to lowest level since May 2007, import prices increase
b General Motors' Woes Continue as Strike Closes South African Plant
b Pilgrim's Pride bids for Hillshire; Pfizer finished with AstraZeneca; Median CEO  ...
b US labels 5 Chinese cyberspies
e Will the FCC Force Television Online Even If Aereo Loses in Court?
e Kirstie Alley signs to be Jenny Craig spokeswoman
b Search for Flight 370 Shifts by 700 Miles After 'Credible New Lead'
e Deryck Whibley: Sum 41 Frontman Nearly Died From Alcoholism
b No monkeying around: San Francisco warns Monkey app to stop auctioning off  ...
b Gold trading outlook: futures steady ahead of US and EU economic reports, Iraq  ...
b Consumer confidence rises
m Riken institute to discredit parts of high-profile stem cell research
e Phil Collins gives away his collection of the Alamo - watch
e Review: The Walking Dead #124
t 'Facebook Audience Network' will deliver ads to mobile apps -- report
e WATCH: Beyonce, Jay Z On The Run Tour Features Intimate Blue Ivy, Secret  ...
b Capitol Alert: California bill would revamp tax checkoff program
e That Keith Urban concert may have been worse than we thought
b There's a Lime Shortage: Get a Margarita While You Can
b Italy Services Sector Grows Modestly In April
e Lady Gaga Wears Silver Foil Outfit In New York, Resembles Baked Potato  ...
e 'Predator' Reboot in the Works With 'Iron Man 3′ Director
t Gas prices continue falling in Oklahoma
e Author and Nobel Prize winner Nadine Gordimer has died
b Stocks ease back from record highs
t Titanfall Expedition Map Pack Announced, More Updates Teased
e Mila Kunis finally confirms pregnancy
b TREASURIES SURGE, STOCKS SLIP: Here's What You Need To Know
b CBO Offers Mixed Forecast of U.S. Budget, Economy
t What to expect from the spectacular meteor shower show in Canada late Friday  ...
m Virus reaching capital could increase population at risk
b Ackman Launches Allergan Proxy Fight Amid $53B Buyout Play
b Burger King is to relocate its headquarters to Canada - where Tim Hortons is  ...
e Amazon scores exclusive HBO deal for shows like 'Sopranos,' 'Girls'
t 4 Reasons Comcast-Time Warner Divestments Fall Short
m 5000 exposed to hepatitis A at Missouri restaurant
e So Rad: 4 Women Fronted Nirvana At Last Night's Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame  ...
e Elton John to marry David Furnish
t Facebook buying virtual-reality company
b Stocks slip on earnings, home sales; S&P 500 halts win streak
b Bitcoin is property not currency, rules IRS
e Study needs working moms
e Stacy Keibler Has Gotten Married To Jared Pobre
b Disney buys YouTube Maker to chase young audience
b US Postal Service lost $1.9B in first quarter of 2014
t How Tesla Motors Inc plans to turn Canadians onto high-end electric cars
t Climate: West Antarctic Ice Sheet is in trouble
b Swiss Lindt buys Russell Stover
e 'Captain' beats back the competition again
m Spike In Mosquito Numbers Prompt Dallas Spraying
t The Twitter mute button: Passive aggressiveness for the win!
m New York AIDS Walk raises millions
e The Death of Klinghoffer: if John Adams's opera isn't antisemitic, how can it fan  ...
b Automakers post US sales gains in March
e Alex Trebek becomes record-breaking game show host
t Conservative Climate Panel Warns World Faces 'Breakdown Of Food Systems  ...
e Zac Efron Fight Update: Friends Fear Drug Relapse, Bodyguard Is Supposed  ...
e Christina Aguilera Son, Daughter Due Date Talk While Naked: Former 'The  ...
b Target moves to heal reputation
e Wheel of Fortune contestant solves puzzle with only two letters
b Palladium price rebounds from support at $795
b Equal Pay Day - Gap bigger in Louisiana
e Bryan Singer Accuser Alleged Sex Abuse Victim Accuses 3 More Hollywood  ...
e JK Rowling writes new story about Harry, Ron, Hermione at the Quidditch World  ...
t Kindle Unlimited officially launched
e Game of Thrones Renewed for 5th and 6th Season
t Samsung Galaxy S5: Price starts at 51.5k in India
e May the Force be with YOU! Star Wars: Episode VII cast announced
m Home News It's here! Lindsay mosquitoes test positive for...
e Kristen Stewart At Cannes 2014 In Chanel
b FAA proposes to fine Southwest Airlines $12 million for failing to repair their  ...
e Zara pulls T-shirt for kids that looks like Nazi camp uniform
e LiLo spotted with bruises post birthday bike ride
e Simon Cowell Regrets Lauren Silverman Affair
e Adam Levine May Be The Next Coach To Leave The Voice
e Miley Cyrus topless cover art leaked
t Sony battery recall as VAIO goes out with a bang, not a whimper
b Obama Administration Plans To Dramatically Alter Transportation Funding For  ...
b Hong Kong Vote Annoying Beijing Risks Curbing Commerce
t Charter pushes TWC investors to reject Comcast offer
m MERS virus infects another in Illinois
b US Home Prices Still Gaining But Pace Slowing, S&P/Case-Shiller Says
m Evaluation finds Pistorius didn't have mental illness
b Nvidia Q2 2015 fiscal results are out, Tegra sales grow 200%
e Peter Dinklage refuses to reveal Game Of Thrones spoilers on The Daily Show
t Amazon Appstore tops 200k apps, Prime has tens of millions of subscribers
b US sees important progress in garment sector
t Watch the Samsung Galaxy S5 get put through the rinse cycle [VIDEO]
e Glug, Glug: Jason Momoa to play Aquaman
m Health ministry denies any MERS fatalities in Egypt
e 'Scandal' Season 3 Episode 15 Recap: “Mama Said Knock You Out”
e Last Night's Game Of Thrones Rape Scene Troubles Long-Time Fans
t EBay asks users to change passwords after security breach
t Jeep shows off latest concept vehicles for annual Moab Easter Jeep Safari
m See-Through Mice: Disgusting to Us, Probably Useful to Scientists
e Miley Cyrus tweets that she's coming to Pittsburgh
e Game of Thrones: King Joffrey was like Justin Bieber
e Big Bang Theory Season 8 Premiere Date Pushed Back Due to Contract  ...
e 'Transformers: Age of Extinction'
m Risky behavior down for American teens, report shows
t Judge orders Microsoft to turn over data held overseas
t Surface Mini inbound? Microsoft teases 'small' Surface event on May 20
t GUEST BLOG: Heartbleed Bug — What You Should Know
m Hyderabad lacks amenities for autistic children
e 'Get on Up' reaches for high concept instead of getting down
e Kim releases new pictures of wedding to Kanye
b Airliner nearly collides with drone over Florida
b Chipotle raising prices as steak, avocados, cheese costs rise
e 'Mad Men' Deconstruction: Ep. 2, 'A Day's Work'
b LVH Exits The Strip
t Xbox One April update to introduce online friend notifications
m Young feel e-cigs safer than tobacco ones
b French government said to not oppose GE bid for alstom
e Madonna dressed up as Daenerys from Game of Thrones 10:23AM
e Mindy Kaling will reportedly write follow-up to her bestselling book 'Is Everyone  ...
b Don't be caught out when Bank rate rises
b Cement Groups Lafarge, Holcim Agree To Merge - Quick Facts
t VIDEO: Two Tesla Owners Proposed Ideas To Elon Musk In Local Paper — And  ...
e Kardashian Kurves! Kim, Khloe & Kourtney Flaunt Bods In NYC
e Sacrilege? Pope stirs Communion debate with call to woman
b It's Time to Turn Your Back on Amazon
e VIDEO: Olympian Meryl Davis wins 'Dancing With the Stars'
e Khloe Kardashian Concerned For Rob Kardashian – Lamar Odom All Over Again?
b Strong PC Demand Changes Intel's Q2 Revenue Expectations
t 4 Coolest Things to Expect From Android L
b VP of Argentina Arrives in Cuba on an Official Visit
m WHO Polio Warning Worries Survivor: "Virus Is Still Out There"
b Syria weapons moved onto US ship for destruction - News and Weather For The  ...
m Gravity Does Not Hinder Placental Transfusion at Birth
e Bachelorette 2014: Are You Happy That Andi Dorfman Picked Josh Murray  ...
t GM Expands Recall To 428000 Vehicles
e Usher does not have his protégé Justin Bieber's back after a video has surfaced  ...
e Cheryl Burke's 'DWTS' Blog: The Switch-Up! (Exclusive)
m Could you live a year without sugar?
e Aaliyah's Family Reacts To Biopic Casting
e The Voice Exclusive Behind-the-Scenes Video: Shakira Is Ready to Throw a  ...
m Flu-related death toll tops 300 in California for 2013/2014 season
m State health managers urge measles vaccination
b Washington pot open for business Tuesday
m Public smoking ban has actually helped lower preterm births and asthma cases
m FDA allows marketing of first medical device to prevent migraine headaches
e Susan Sarandon peer pressured into Tammy role
t OnePlus adjusts production timeline for the 64GB One
t ASUS PadFone S is the PadFone X for the rest of the world
t Galaxy K Zoom now in India: All you need to know about its 20.7-megapixel  ...
b 2015 BMW X4 Revealed Ahead of Its Global Debut in New York
e Floyd Mayweather and TI Got Into a Brawl at a Las Vegas Fatburger
e (Reuters) – Jessica Simpson married former NFL player Eric Johnson in  ...
b EPA seeks public comment on whether fracking chemicals should be made public
t Snowden speaks at SXSW, says he has no regrets
e Adorable Moments From Beyoncé And Jay Z's Tour That Prove They're Still  ...
m Group 'steps forward' for those with mental illness
t Apple will replace your crummy iPhone 5 battery
e Emilia Clarke Does Retro Hollywood Glamour For Game Of Thrones Premiere
t PERU
m Nearly two million pounds of ground beef recalled for E. coli
e Did Christ Preach A Different Kind Of Success?
t Paul McGinley on Ryder Cup race
e Lionsgate Set Plans for a Live-Action Power Rangers Movie Reboot
e Ryan Gosling Wanted Rachel McAdams Off The Notebook
b Generic drugs, winter take bite of Walgreen profits
b Middle of the Road in Healthcare Leads to Socialism
b Argentina defaults for second time
b UPDATE 3-Independent Scania board members reject bid, VW unfazed
e DJ remembers the 'Godfather of House' music
b Liftoff for Air Products After Ackman Enters
m Thomas Menino has advanced cancer
b Boeing rejects 'mega-city' case for A380
t Apple shares open up 8% after earnings beat, stock split
b So far, so good: 1st day of Pulaski closure proceeds uneventfully
b States Sue 5-Hour Energy, Accuse Company of Deceptive Ads
e The Things They Say:
e UNCANNY X-MEN: DAYS OF FUTURE PAST Mobile Game Launches
t Google Says 65% Of Outgoing Gmail Is Encrypted
e Ice bucket challenge makes big splash for ALS Association; trick now is  ...
e Miley Cyrus moves Wells Fargo Center concert date to make room for Flyers  ...
e James Franco Says Lindsay Lohan Lied About Sleeping With Him
e Brittany Murphy's Final Film Hits Theaters Four Years After Her Death
t Google begins editing European results
e Second trailer released for Mila Kunis, Channing Tatum's 'Jupiter Ascending '
t Microsoft ending Windows XP support spells trouble for some
t Twitter unveils real-time notifications
t Watch Dogs: New Launch Trailer Reveals Aiden's Quest for Vengeance with  ...
t Tech Tuesday: What is a Distributed Denial of Service attack?
b Senate probes conflicts in high-frequency trading
m Study examines prophylactic double mastectomy following breast cancer  ...
b More on Honeywell's Q2 (HON)
t Stop copper thief from killing himself
e $500K in cognac heisted from truck near Baltimore
t Ford Celebrates Mustang's 50th Anniversary From Top Of Empire State Building
b Irving Based Michaels Declines In Return To Public Markets
e Stone declares love for Garfield
e Gary Oldman: Four prior Playboy-ish provocations
e Diane Sawyer leaving ABC 'World News'
e Rob Kardashian Bailed On Kim Kardashian's Wedding Because He 'Didn't Want  ...
t Netflix is now streaming 4K, starting with 'House of Cards'
e Ceremonial meals mark Passover
b US stocks are mostly higher in early trading
b West Texas Congressional Delegation Speaks Out Against Lesser Prairie  ...
e Fox Orders 'Grease Live' Broadcast for 2015
e Miley Cyrus denies telling a drunk Jennifer Lawrence to 'get it together'
e Miley Cyrus Brings Bangerz Tour To The UK, Tells Fans: 'I Did Not Overdose On  ...
m ACP: Average-risk women should not undergo routine pelvic exams
m Texas teacher becomes mother of quintuplets at Dallas hospital
t Xbox One - Coming to China
m Transplant patients warned of West Nile risk
e 'Shield' Actor Jace Arrested in Wife's Death
e Bisexual actress Michelle Rodriguez locks lips with Zac Efron during Italian  ...
b Microsoft's results weren't as ugly as everyone feared
m Mosquitoes Test Positive For West Nile in Halton
b US STOCKS-Futures flat after two-day gain; Staples, Home Depot fall
t Nintendo delays Captain Toad: Treasure Tracker till 2015, as financial results  ...
b Wal-Mart Offers Weak Outlook; US Sales Keep Falling -- 2nd Update
b Barclays Plans to Cut 7000 Jobs at Investment Bank by 2016
t Blood Moon gets the attention of Houstonians
e 'The Good Wife' Season 5 Episode 16 Stream [+SPOILERS] Who Is Returning In  ...
m Bariatric surgery may help control diabetes
e Latest reincarnation of superheroes puts fun back in summer
m Health facts on Wikipedia inaccurate
m How strong is that drink? Calculator helps figure (Update)
t Everything You Need to Know About Garmin's New Navigation App, Viago
b Sun seals deal for Ranbaxy
e Melissa McCarthy broke down when she saw herself on 'Tammy' billboard
e The Bachelorette called a 's---' on Fox News
e Oscar Puts Music Branch on Tight Leash With New Rules
t Microsoft XP users can turn to Linux as alternative
e Film review: Captain America: The Winter Soldier
e Lea Michele Goes Public With Her New Boyfriend Matthew Paetz
e Column: Keep original meaning in holidays
e Glastonbury a "great success" says organiser Michael Eavis
e Jay-Z and Beyonce: The story so far
m MERS virus spread in US, but 2nd man not sick, CDC says
b Why Shares of Tyson Foods, Inc. Went Bad
t Marquez defends Texas title in MotoGP
e Dina Lohan sentenced to community service in DUI case
m WHO: Ebola Sub-regional Crisis
e Mila Kunis' 'We Are Pregnant' Skit: Dads-to-Be Aren't Expecting
t FTC officials side with Tesla on debate over car dealerships
e Rapper Tyler, the Creator, Charged With Inciting SXSW Riot
e Hot Trailer: The Wachowskis' 'Jupiter Ascending'
b Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Swarmed By Last-Minute Option Traders
b Argentina: We're not in default
e Jessica Alba: 'Getting Naked Will Never Elevate a Picture'
b Markets Performance Dependent On Upcoming Manufacturing ISM Report  ...
t The Morning Download: EMC Intensifies Approach to Hybrid Cloud
b Postal workers protest in Moraine
e Ava Sabrina London, Hank Baskett's Transsexual Mistress? 5 Fast Facts You  ...
t 'Lizard Squad' diverts Sony exec's flight with bomb tweet, and threatens Xbox Live
e Juan Pablo Galavis Visits Las Vegas Wedding Chapel Before 'The Bachelor  ...
e The forces of commercialisation have hijacked Easter
t A Harvard Grad Invents a 3D Makeup Printer
e George R.R. Martin's New Book Excerpt Available on Android and iOS Phones
b (PR) INVESTOR ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Announces Investigation of  ...
e Elisabeth Hasselbeck Not Surprised By Rosie's Return To 'The View,' Calls O  ...
b Argentine VP faces bribery charges in acquisition of currency-printing company
t Rules Becoming Clearer for Upcoming Airwaves Auction
t Pentagon's Advanced Hypersonic Weapon test abandoned after lift-off
m Focus on mental health across the Isle and North Lincolnshire
e The long list of Kim Kardashian's boyfriends
t Facebook Explains Reason Behind Secret News Feed Manipulation
e What Do Moms Want for Mother's Day?
b I'm still shorting France, QE or no QE
e Kim Kardashian: “I'm going to get pregnant really soon”
b Morgan Stanley's Gorman gets 73% pay boost
t WWE And Rogers Announce Landmark Television And WWE Network Deal For  ...
b French data show possible debris from missing Malaysia Airlines jet
t Samsung announces 4 low-end Galaxy phones running Kit Kat
e Rita Ora was once scared by fan
e 'A Gentleman's' Guide to East German Transgender Rock Stars at this Years  ...
m Blood Test for Suicide May Come From Stress Gene Defect
e J.J. Abrams Announces Chance for Fans to Be in STAR WARS: EPISODE VII!
e Frozen sets record global BO
e Tatiana Maslany is the draw for BBC America clone drama "Orphan Black"
t Microsoft makes Windows Phone free for some phone makers
e ESQ&A: Richard Linklater and Ethan Hawke
m There May Be Such a Thing as 'Too Much Exercise'
e Paul Stanley: KISS members were anti-Semites
b Malaysia Airlines Flight 370: Search area location to remain secret pending  ...
b Wall Street trades up as US inflation data lift US$
t Google Maps Version 3.0 Adds Uber Support and Lane Guidance
e Katy Perry Launches A Record Label, Duets With First-Signing Ferras On  ...
b Alston mulls $16.5bn sale of power business to GE
b Twitter's New CFO Noto: Strategic, Says Nomura; No Public Experience, Says  ...
t Heartbleed Virus affects Internet security
t Facebook Tests Buy Button To Let You Purchase Stuff Without Leaving Facebook
e Mick Jagger says he is 'struggling' to understand L'Wren Scott's death
e The top five songs and albums on iTunes
t Amazon tipped to launch a Kindle smartphone – again
e Captain America: The Winter Soldier The Official Game Out Now
b Meet Alibaba founder Jack Ma: Five things you didn't know about the billionaire  ...
t HTC One (M8) Android smartphone
e 21 Years Later, a 'Mrs. Doubtfire' Sequel is in the Works
b US stocks trim data-driven gains, brace for earnings; Dow up 0.36%
b People's Biz: Lee County gas drilling potential teaching us new terms
b French bank to pay $9 billion over violation of sanctions
e Game of Thrones author George RR Martin breaks the internet
e Brad Paisley takes selfie with Westboro Baptist Church members
e ABC picks up 'Marvel's Agent Carter'
m Italian doctors develop dialysis machine for babies
b Production Peaks in Japan
t At A Glance The Facebook Experiment
m Spring Allergies Linked To Specific Food Allergies Says Loyola Specialist
t Oculus Devs Now Have a Spot to Meet Plus RakNet Acquired
t Samsung Metal Smartphone May Launch In August With 'Galaxy Alpha' Name
e With 'Gotham,' 'Agent Carter' and more superheroes coming to TV, is it a good  ...
e Ryan Lewis asks fans what they know about Ryan Lewis
b EasyJet narrows first-half losses on higher sales
t HTC's Redesigned One (M8) Android vs. the Competition
b Dow Jones Notches at Another Record High
t Google Glass to Become Cool?
e Beyonce Time Magazine: Tops 100 Most Influential List; 'XO' Singer Says, 'It's a  ...
e Jessica Simpson posts swimsuit pics on Instagram
t What you should know about recent ignition switch recalls
m Conjoined twins separated in Dallas are released from hospital
e Kendall Jenner works harder because of her name
e 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier' Will Keep You Glued to Screen
b Fed rate hike hints slow markets
e James Brown Gets His Shine on 'Get on Up'
b CBS Outdoor Caps IPO Week
m Breakfast Food with Excess Nutrients
e Lady Gaga performs at Roseland Ballroom
e Kim Kardashian's daughter North meets Vogue's Anna Wintour - picture
b Fired American Apparel founder Dov Charney wants $25m if he isn't reinstated
e Mad, Plaid, and Dangerous to Know
b Forex - JPY weaker early in Asia as BoJ starts, China markets closed
b France set to miss deficit target, risks EU fine
b Jobs Growth Adds More Sunshine to US Economic Performance
t Google Works on Tool to Remove Links
t Florida bans importing live lionfish in aquarium trade, allows more spearfishing  ...
e ...Why Was Tara Reid Talking About Sharknado 2 on MSNBC?
b Big drop in biotechs pulls market down
m Study: People dislike loneliness
b $400 Billion Gas Deal Shows Russia Looking To China To Replace Western  ...
t Amazon's New Venture: Smartphones
e Macaulay Culkin Walks Out Of Gig After Stage Invader Interrupts His Kazoo Solo  ...
t Cadillac ATS-V Coupe spied for the first time [video]
e Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Trailer Debuts At Last
t Starbucks offers charging stations for mobile devices
b Glencore to buy Chad oil firm Caracal for $1.3 bln
b Election Commission allows Raghuram Rajan's RBI to announce new bank  ...
e Second Harry Potter attraction unveiled
e Christina Ricci is pregnant, expecting first child with husband James Heerdegen
e Hip-Hop Rumors: French Montana Brings A Kardashian To The Hood
t Electric motor tweaks allow Hyundai Sonata Hybrid to go further as EV
t Elephants distinguish human voices by sex, age, ethnicity, study says
t Heartbleed: Don't Panic
b Darden dumps Red Lobster and bets on Olive Garden
e Ten-cent Superman comic sells for £2m
t Climate on the front burner
t The 12 Planets Most Likely To Contain Life
b UPDATE 2-US private sector adds 218000 jobs in July -ADP
m Here are the Fattest (and Fittest) Cities In the US
t NASA Sets Preview Briefing, TV Schedule for Space Station Spacewalk
b Lanes reopen after beams, worker plummet onto 405 Freeway
t Sony Xperia Z2 To Launch First With Vodafone
t Sony's online store will be the only place to buy its best phone in the US
t New Google Glass surveillance trick really shows why we need alternatives to  ...
b China Jan-Feb factory output up 8.6%, a five-year low
t Google reportedly plans to kill Google Voice, roll it into Hangouts
b Intesa posts 4.55 bln euro loss in 2013 on writedowns
e Madonna dresses up as 'Game of Thrones' character for Purim
b Gilead profit triples, hepatitis C drug sales total $2.3 bln
b Digest: Judge denies 'park-it-now' order for GM drivers
e Kendall Jenner Struggles With The Teleprompter At The Billboard Music Awards
t Snowden speaks by video conference to SXSW
b Asia stocks mostly higher before global data test
t The Heartbleed Bug Is Mostly Fixed, But There Are Still More Than 20000  ...
e 'Veronica Mars' Trailer, Release Date and Spoilers & SXSW 2014 Interactive  ...
e 'Avengers: Age of Ultron' Concept Art Shows Quicksilver, Scarlet Witch and Hulk  ...
e “True Blood” Series Finale: “Thank You”
m Watauga Second Healthiest in NC
e First 'Jersey Boys' Trailer: Clint Eastwood Tells Story of The Four Seasons (Video)
t B.C. was home to tiny ancient hedgehogs
b NFL notes: Colin Kaepernick defends himself against report
t Instead of merging, Sprint and T-Mobile actually compete for customers
m Childhood immunization, vaccination side effects are rare, claims newest research
e ABC renews 'Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D', adds 'Agent Carter'
e Adam Sandler 'always pulling for' Drew Barrymore
t Netflix: Comcast lying about Internet 'tolls'
b BofA offers $US13bn to settle US probe
e 'Amazing Spider-Man 2' Clip Offers First Look At Paul Giamatti Pre-Rhino [VIDEO]
t Apple CarPlay Comes to Pioneer's Aftermarket Infotainment Systems
m Death toll from West Africa Ebola outbreak jumps to 603
e PLAYBILL ON OPENING NIGHT: Aladdin — The Ashman Cometh (Again)
t Netflix streaming House of Cards in 4K Ultra HD now
b Asian market wrap, May 22nd
m J&J voluntarily withdraws all fibroid removal devices amid increasing concern of  ...
t Verizon should acknowledge that the game is changing, and it needs to also
t NASA 'Flying Saucer' Splashes Down in Pacific After Successful Test for Future  ...
t Oppo N1 Mini Tipped To Arrive with 5 Inch Display and Octa-Core CPU
b Cheaper oil ahead?
b Twitter reports surprise profit and user growth
b WATCH LIVE ON BNN.CA AT 2PM ET: Fed cuts 2014 growth forecast but  ...
e Want to marry Prince Harry? Fox spins a twist with new dating show
e Nick Cannon's Dad: How My Son & Mariah Carey Can Save Marriage
b US: Philip Morris Tones Down Profit Forecast
b After Tweeters Allege Government Corruption, Turkey Bans Twitter // March 21  ...
t Franken weighs in against Comcast/Time Warner merger
t iPhone 6 Suppliers On Hiring Spree As Debut Nears
b Geithner Suggested H. Clinton as Possible Successor, According to His New  ...
m Planned Parenthood Arizona appeals over state's new rules for abortion drugs
t Manatees Might Lose Endangered Status
e Kirstie Alley returns to Jenny Craig after 7 years, 30-pound gain
b Why is the latest China spy case so significant?
b Gas Supply Line to Crimea Via Gazprom's South Stream Could Be Built in 2  ...
m Health care sign-ups expected to miss goal
e Denied again by people he hated, gunman in deadly California rampage took to  ...
b Report: The beach where you vacation could make you sick
m Sierra Leone News: Jimmy B Joins fight against Ebola
t NASA Curiosity Rover Finishes 'Windjana' Drilling Assignment
b Malaysia Airlines set for state buyout
e Leonardo DiCaprio Eyed to Play Steve Jobs; Danny Boyle in Talks to Direct
t Titanfall companion app allows users to view stats, use second-screen map feature
e Benedict Cumberbatch in talks to star alongside Johnny Depp in crime movie  ...
t HTC One (M8) video ads won't tell you anything about the HTC One (M8)
t Hyundai recalls 883K Sonatas to fix shifters
b Chrysler recalling vehicles to fix "feel" of the brakes
t Chevrolet Camaro wishes its arch rival Ford Mustang on its 50th anniversary
m News»Top Stories» FDA Issues Health Warning on Jerky Pet Treats, 1000 Dog  ...
e Top US court wrestles with TV, copyright and 'cloud'
t Apple may introduce cheaper iPhone 5C with 8GB storage today
e Biblical epic 'Noah' tests director Aronofsky's blockbuster chops
e Some 'Amazing Spider-Man 2' trivia that may amaze some diehard fans
t Iceland removes ban on air traffic over rumbling volcano
b As London cabbies protest, Uber launches UberTaxi platform for London cabbies
e Adam Richman show pulled by Travel Channel
e CBS gets an assist from Chief Justice John Roberts
b Fed's Yellen says spillovers cannot be avoided
e Corned beef, cabbage and Irish whiskey
b ND Bakken reaches 1 million barrels per day
e Amazon snares classic in HBO deal
e Matt Lauer Renews Contract with NBC
b New York City Subway Train That Derailed Was New
e Kardashian sisters prefer spending time with 'hubby, family and baby'
e Khloe Kardashian Celebrates 30th Birthday With Family & French Montana  ...
t 'Mars Yard' in Britain tests space rovers
b Fla. consumer confidence dips slightly
b Google to spend $US30bn on overseas acquisitions
b Japan's Finance Minister Shops as Tax Rise Kicks In
b Market Basket workers issue demands for fired CEO's reinstatement
t Polluted Paris prepares for partial car ban
e Disney Announce Plans For Two New Sequels: 'The Incredibles 2' and 'Cars 3'
e New Batman Vs Superman Filming Details Dished Out By Martha Kent Actress  ...
b How should couple with age gap tap Social Security spousal benefits?
e Watch Andrew Garfield Dance Up a Storm in Arcade Fire's 'We Exist' Music Video
m Obama rule cuts coal dust in mines by 25%
e OPINION: Easter and the church
b UPDATE 2-First cargo of Iraqi Kurdistan pipeline oil sold to Europe
e Future — a new dad — headed here
b British inflation slows again to 1.5%
t Facebook's Oculus Acquires RakNet
e American Idol Top 9 Performance Recap: They're With the Band
b China, not Ukraine, May Call the Tune for Markets This Week
e 'The Big Bang Theory' Gets 3 More Seasons; HBO Series 'Game Of Thrones' To  ...
b Dick's Sporting Goods profits, sales increase over holiday quarter
e Nick Cannon reveals his celebrity sex list
e Throwback Thursday Review: Garden State
e What happened to Lindsay Lohan during Italian Film Festival?
b Google's $3.7b profit disappoints Wall Street
m Misplaced smallpox—big deal
t Netflix CEO Calls for Stronger Rules on Handling of Web Traffic
e 'Captain America' video: Winter Soldier a blast from the past
b BOE chief Carney signals rates may rise sooner than expected
t Google Maps Japan April Fools' Day joke: Catch Pokémon
m Travelers from Caribbean bring new mosquito-borne virus to NJ; West Nile  ...
e Dude Looks Like a Lady: Mrs. Doubtfire Sequel Planned
m Cloning of cells from human adults ignites ethics debate
m Life expectancy 80 years plus
t Android Studio Moves From Alpha to Beta, Now Supports Android TV, Wear, and  ...
b Self-made Alibaba founder's unlikely Chinese success story leads to IPO
e 'Boyhood' Is a Stunning Experiment in Filming Time
b Californians to see 4.2 percent health increase
e Lea Michele's Rumored Relationship With Matthew Paetz: “She's Having Fun  ...
m Do Higher Prices Make Food Taste Better? Science Says Yes
e Kim Kardashian Instagram Honeymoon, Bikini PHOTOS: 'Girls Gone Wild  ...
t iOS 8 offers location-based app suggestions from your lockscreen
e Country Music Hall of Fame Names 2014 Inductees
t Microsoft (MSFT) announces Office for iPad
m 'Biological pacemaker' tried and tested in LA lab
t Tesla to install high-strength battery shields to reduce fire risk
m Existing and Experimental Drugs Active Against MERS Virus
m KSA discovers 113 unrecorded MERS cases, deputy health minister sacked
e Angelina Jolie admits to never being a fan of Disney May 22, 5:39 pm
b Dear Citi, a Truly Pathetic Response to Dividend Denial
m Scientists make strides in 'bionic pancreas' for diabetics
b Fannie Mae to Pay U.S. $5.7 Billiion After Quarter Profit
e Photo gallery: Entertainment July 28
e WTF Was Lupita Nyong'o Wearing At The Met Gala?
t Netflix Calls For New Restrictions On ISPs
m Topless Woman Goes On Rampage In Florida McDonald's
e 'Guardians Of The Galaxy 2' Officially Coming On July 28, 2017
e Game Of Thrones - The Laws Of Gods And Men: Who Gives Shocking Testimony  ...
e Potato salad project could be the funniest Kickstarter yet
e Layoffs at NBC's 'Dateline'
b Oil Market Losing Faith in Libya's Ability to Ramp Crude
e Disney Launches Charity Campaign for Fans to Win Star Wars Role
t When the T-1000 Comes Knocking, Google's Bosses Won't Need  ...
e Watch the First Trailer for Fox's Batman Series 'Gotham'
b Orlando cracking down on UBER car service
t Scientists Create Living Organism Using Controversial Artificial DNA
b ECONOMY: US GDP Shrinks 2.9% In First Quarter
b Amazon Announcement About Hachette Business Interruption
e Home WhatsOn Dylan's 'Like a Rolling Stone' draft sells for $2M
b BlackBerry CEO Reverses Direction on Handsets
b Memorial Day Weekend 2014 Travel; What's Open, Closed?
m 3rd MERS case confirmed in US, officials fear spreading
t GM recalls 3.4 million more cars for ignition issue
t Before Watch Dogs: the best and worst hacking games
e 12 hours ago • By MESFIN FEKADU and NEKESA MUMBI MOODY
t Google Android L Update Availability Roadmap for your phone
t Google Play Store Revenue Estimated To Overtake Apple's App Store in 2018
e As Robert De Niro Remembers His Father, We Look Back At The Artist's Life and  ...
e Harrison Ford injured on set of 'Star Wars: Episode VII
e Captain America: The Winter Soldier 'Blast from the Past' trailer
t Nokia MixRadio spins out of Microsoft as standalone streaming music service
t HTC's new 9-inch Nexus tablet “Volantis” has been revealed and it's slick
e Hollywood Execs Sued By Singer Accuser Deny Sex Abuse Allegations
t Apple reveals new iPod touch 16GB with iSight camera at £159
b Walmart recalls dolls after children suffer burns
t AT&T Sustainability Initiatives Reach Communities Across New York
t Brace yourselves: Twitter unveils Facebook-like profile redesign
b Tyson Foods 2Q profit more than doubles on higher meat sales; but profit  ...
b Why the Dow's 15th Record of 2014 Left Disney and McDonald's Behind
b Pfizer slides after posting lower Q1 earnings and sales
t Heartbleed hackers hit Mumsnet website
b Thanks To Obamacare, The Number Of Uninsured Americans Drops To Lowest  ...
e Now playing: More 'Jump Street,' another 'Dragon' and more
t Your First Tweet Was Probably Better Than These Celebrities'
t Watch Dogs PC Graphics Tweaks Guide: Stuttering, Frame Rate & Crashes
e 'Orphan Black' Renewed for Season 3, to the Delight of Clones Everywhere
t Gas prices stay the same in state, nation
t iPhone 6: Sapphire screen tested on video
b US Weekly Jobless Claims Unexpectedly Show Modest Increase
e Film Review: Seth Rogen, Zac Efron wage comic war in 'Neighbors'
e Jenny McCarthy Joins Sherri Shepherd In Exiting The View
t Samsung's Gear Fit to cost $199
t Slashdot: FCC, In Net Neutrality Turnaround, Plans To Allow Fast Lane
e The Challenges Of A 12&Year Film Shoot, According To "Boyhood" Director  ...
m Pregnant Mom is First to Be Charged Under New "Assault" Law
b 'Candy Crush' Maker Eyes Sweet IPO Valuation of $7.6B
e Zac Efron Thinks Of Matthew McConaughey As His Big Brother
t MacBook Pro Powertrain May Include 16 GB RAM as Standard Spec
t Old Timey Car to Replace NYC Horse Carriages
b Walgreen warns of margin pressure, pulls 2016 goal
e Alibaba inks partnership deal to stream 'Twilight'
b Futures Edge Higher Amid Slow News Day; Banks Mostly Up After Passing Fed  ...
e Kardashian FASH OFF: Kim's leather jacket and edgy playsuit vs Kourtney's  ...
t Be a Pokemon Master, Google tells users in April Fool's prank
e Dax Shepard at 'Veronica Mars' Los Angeles Premiere
b Airbnb Taps Business Travel Market With Concur
e Jennifer Lopez Brings The Razzle Dazzle To The World Cup Stage In A  ...
e Schnoz Célèbre
b Barnes & Noble tuns the page on Nook tablets (Update)
e Dawn of the Planet of the Apes: a primate scream - first look review
b GLOBAL MARKETS-Europe stocks dip, euro gains as ECB seen poised to act
e Is He Or Isn't He? Jason Mamoa Reportedly Set To Play Aquaman In 'Batman v  ...
t Twitter New Profile Pages Impressive, But Resemble Facebook
m Discovery of MERS Virus Antibodies Could Lead to Treatments in Saudi Arabia
t Feds aim to save honeybee by launching Pollinator Health Task Force
t Galaxy Tab S Shows Off its Screen in Newly Leaked Photo
e Who Got Eliminated On The Bachelorette 2014 Tonight? Week 5
t iFixit gives HTC One M8 high marks for durability, but good luck putting it back  ...
e Second Sunday in May
e David Chase Kind of Said Tony Soprano Didn't Die
b Japan May core machinery orders unexpectedly fall 19.5% mom
t Mutant dual-boot Android and Windows Phone coming to US this spring
e 'Noah' part of a flood of Bible-themed films
t Apple Updates MacBook Pro With Retina Display - Quick Facts
e Farley Mowat, acclaimed Canadian author and activist, dead at 92
b The Most Important Book Ever Is All Wrong
b The Unlikely Success Story Behind Alibaba IPO
e 'Game of Thrones' season 4, episode 4 reaction: Writer on Olenna reveal, Jaime  ...
b Senators Call for Emergency Action to Stop Price Spikes Caused by Oil  ...
b US Federal Reserve sets end date for bond buying
e Miley Cyrus plays London after canceled tour dates - WBOC-TV 16, Delmarvas  ...
m Report: Fortified Foods May Pose Risks for Kids
e One Direction's lawyers look into leaked video
e Chris Brown's Mugshot Photos Released
m CDC: Illinois man who twice met MERS patient in US apparently picked up  ...
m One million children receive anti-measles vaccine
b Iraq may dent but not derail market rally
b Idaho Company Coldwatter Creek Files Bankruptcy Protection
t NEW YORK AUTO SHOW: Day 1 Opens Up With A BANG! FIRST Shots LIVE  ...
e Wireless 2014: Kanye West opens festival with controversial set
t Look for a Meteor Shower Early Tuesday Morning
e Weird Al Yankovic Parodies Robin Thicke's Blurred Lines
e Thicke apologises to estranged wife at award podium
b BNP to pay almost $9B for sanctions violations
e Kim Kardashian Shows Off Her Tight Abs While Honeymooning This Time in  ...
e Casting Net: Brad Pitt may star in Stanley McChrystal pic; Plus, Helen Mirren, more
e Archie Andrews dies in conclusion of Life with Archie series
b Vietnamese Anti-China Protests Reflect Grievances Far Beyond China's Oil Rig
e Title For Ben Affleck's Batman Film Revealed
t Samsung Galaxy K cameraphone shows off its optical zoom in new photo leak
e Chewbacca Actor Peter Mayhew Said To Return For Star Wars Episode VII
b Divided Supreme Court narrows EPA's regulation of greenhouse gases
b Ford's U.S. auto sales rebound in March
b Apple buys music star Beats for $3 bn
b Australia secures Japan free trade deal
b Profit in First Quarter Drops 20% for JPMorgan
e Tom Brady and Gisele List Brentwood Mansion for $50M
b COLUMN-Russia-China gas deal more a threat to LNG pricing than volumes  ...
b Record Numbers on Public Transit
e Dancing With the Stars 2014: Danica McKellar and Val Chmerkovskiy's Week 8  ...
e Kanye West - Kanye West celebrates bachelor party?
e Selena Gomez to Replace Parents with Scooter Braun as New Manager?
e Joan Rivers Still Trolling, Says Lena Dunham Wants Girls to &quot;Stay Fat&quot;
b The Average CEO Makes How Much?!?
b China manufacturing growth slows to 8-month low, govt data shows
b Tesla Will Choose A Gigafactory Site By The End Of The Year
b S&P 500 Cracks 2000 Milestone, Markets Cheer Fast Food Merger
t Android 4.4.3 Update for Nexus 4, Nexus 5, Nexus 7, and Nexus 10: What we  ...
e Adrienne Bailon Fires Back After Kim Kardashian Diss
t Microsoft clashes with government over data search
e The November Man Directed by Roger Donaldson
e Kimye Italy event 'not a wedding'
b German Business Confidence Unexpectedly Soars In April
e Sandra Bullock: Confrontation With Intruder Inside Home
e Kim Kardashian And Kanye West Weaseled Their Way Onto Vogue's Cover
m Norlanco Relay for Life seeking more teams for June fundraiser
t Build Your Own Mini Mars Rover With These Brilliant, NASA-Approved Blocks
e Review: '22 Jump Street' bromance takes amusing leap backward
b 8 Planes Search Indian Ocean with No Sign of Flight 370
m THIS Will Be the Second Deadliest Cancer in the U.S. by 2030
t Popcorn Time is so good at movie piracy, it's scary
b Poll: What do you think of the Amazon Fire phone?
e Peaceful demontration at Morgan Hill high school on Cinco de Mayo
b UPDATE 1-American Airlines says weather hurt first quarter results
m Health of Baby Gorilla Born at San Diego Zoo Is Improving
t How the FCC Created Its Own Net Neutrality Mess
t Ford recalls 750000 cars
t Nintendo confirms new platform is on the way - but it's not a console
b UK inflation falls to lowest in over 4 years in March
t AOL Mail accounts breached, users advised to change passwords
t Net Neutrality: FCC Boss Smacked by Tech Giants, Internal Dissent
b Trading system in "Flash Boys" mulls faster exchange application
e Miley Cyrus gets restraining order vs US man
t Facebook's mood manipulation experiment lures complaint to FTC
e Coney Island's Luna Park Opens for the Summer Season, To Unveil a New  ...
e Police Dig Into Fatal Shooting of Michael Jace's Wife
b AutoNation profit misses expectations, shares drop
b High-Frequency Traders: Part 2
b Region needs pre-emptive action against Bitcoin
e Paul Walker 'Fast & Furious 7' brother replacements, Cody & Caleb Walker  ...
e Over 200000 Fans To Attend Coachella 2014 | News
t Did Samsung lie about tablet sales numbers in 2011?
t Tesla probe finished
t Lunar eclipse to be focus of Headlands event
b Portland reservoir urination case: Draining the water is wasteful, thousands of  ...
m We have a vaccine for whooping cough. So why's it an epidemic in California?
e Netflix Is Finally Worming Its Way Into Cable Boxes
b BOJ Raises View on Overseas Economies
m Saudi Arabia records 5 more deaths from MERS coronavirus
b Chesapeake Bay Council of governors from Md., Va., Pa., Del. and DC sign new  ...
m Roche Response to Cochrane Report on Tamiflu
e Rihanna Slams Charlie Sheen Via Twitter With Photos And 'Queen' Tweets  ...
m Saudi Arabia Removes Health Minister After Virus Spreads
e HBO Strikes Deal with Amazon Prime to Get Young People Watching Its Old  ...
b China starts checking computer systems amid cyberspying row- media
t Dow Jumps on M&A Talk, But Why Are IBM and Microsoft Soaring?
b Obamacare deadline 101: Do sign-ups above 6 million signal success?
t Seagate aims to make a splash in small-business NAS by announcing 5 new  ...
m Worst Ebola outbreak on record needs urgent action, WHO says
b Eli Lilly, Takeda Hit With $9B Penalty
b UPDATE 1-Moody's cuts Puerto Rico power authority
m Michelle Obama's China trip takes on Tibetan theme
e 'How I Met Your Mother' series finale draws big ratings; co-creator talks backlash
m Melanoma Monday: Teaching tweens and teens to protect their skin
e Star Wars Episode VII Set 30 Years After Jedi
b Home News Business Subway says 'yoga mat chemical' will be out of...
b Asian share hit one-year high
e X-Men: Who Is Apocalypse?
t Adobe US Brand Clients Up Spending On Search Ads
e Celine Dion Reaches Out To 'All By Myself' Airport Video Creator
e The Geezer - No Woman Should Beat a Geezer and Go Unscathed
e Depends On What Fails: NBC Cancels Community, Revolution, Believe, Crisis  ...
t Should we quit Facebook?
t Tiny life forms found way to survive ice ages without leaving Antarctica
t Review: Evolutionary advances in new smartwatches
t NASA Approves Revival Plans for Kepler Space Telescope
t EBay client info stolen
e Kanye West had first proposed to Kim Kardashian seven years ago
t Human body heat to power Google Glass!
e Miley Cyrus Channels Cameron Diaz in New Topless Instagram Photo, Shows  ...
e Cannes: Nuri Bilge Ceylan dedicates Palme d'Or win to Turkey dead
b Treasuries Slump Despite Weaker Manufacturing Data
e Chris Harrison blogs 'The Bachelorette' episode 2
e HBO Renews SILICON VALLEY and VEEP
e The Voice's Usher and Shakira Talk Mentoring Techniques (VIDEO)
e Ireland demands answers after Garth Brooks cancels Croke Park concerts
b NYT publisher again defends removal of Abramson
m Giving birth at older age may be linked to longevity gene
e Angelina Jolie 'still great friends' with first hubby Jonny Lee Miller
e Front Row at Dior Cruise 2015
e Justin Bieber's DUI charges are dropped after he agrees to plea bargain
e Bachelorette 2014, Bachelor 2015 Spoilers: Sean Lowe and Reality Steve  ...
b Raw satellite data on missing MH370 may be released tomorrow
e 'The Voice': Blake Tweets Adam Levine's Phone Number
t Samsung Launches Galaxy S5 Variant With Dual-SIM Support
e 'Dancing with the Stars' Maks and Val Chmerkovskiy nude in People magazine
e Beyonce To Be Bridesmaid At Kim Kardashian's Wedding
b Europeans expect gradual growth this year
t Samsung reportedly in talks to buy Nuance, the company behind Siri
t Lytro returns with Illum, a very expensive light field camera
b Huge BNP Paribas fine is putting currency markets on edge
e Who Wins The Bachelorette 2014: Winner Spoilers Here!
e Not So Happy: 6 Iranians arrested for "Happy" video
e As The Walking Dead gets better, it becomes easier to write off
b Boeing chief cites strong ties with UAE
b US Dollar Rate Today: Forecasts Warn of a Heavy Week for USD, NFP Data is  ...
e Rapper Wale got into a shoving match at the Verizon Center on Monday
e Robert Downey Jr's son arrested for cocaine possession
e 'Draft Day' actors Josh Pence & Tom Welling speak on movie
t Gas prices expected to rise in Canada this summer
e Kathy Bates: I did 'Tammy' to star with Melissa McCarthy
t 'Coolest' High Tech Cooler Kickstarter Raises Over $4.1 million
b Entwistle to step down as Telus chief executive in May
t Apple's new Swift coding language hopes to lock down errors
b Administration: More than 5 million have signed up for health care
b Shanghai copper slides 5pc on China concerns
b Water main break, geyser flood UCLA campus, strand motorists
b Groupon's billings growth improves, but spending pressures EPS
e Wilmer Valderrama - Wilmer Valderrama Shuts Down Twitter Account Over  ...
e The 'Friends' cafe is set to open in New York and it looks terrible
b Hundreds evacuated from Channel Tunnel as train breaks down after losing power
t Google TV to be rebooted as Android TV, with all new everything
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Price Slashed By Best Buy With New Trade-In Offer
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Zoom Specs Leaked: Slimmer Body, 20MP CMOS Sensor  ...
m FDA Approves Drug-Free Treatment CEFALY® for Migraine Prevention
e Mexican farmers happy that lime is luxury this Cinco de Mayo
t Kepler discovers most potentially habitable planet yet
m Study: Fetal-brain protein reactivates in old age to fight dementia
e President Obama, Families Speak At 9/11 Museum Dedication by Adam Falk
b SuperValu looks set to rival Tesco for top spot
b Stocks open lower in early trading on Wall Street
b Will Fox's Time Warner Bid Set Off a Wave of Megadeals?
m Therapy dog helps US soldiers deal with post war stress
e Is This Kim Kardashian's “Something Blue” for Her Upcoming Wedding?
e Protestors call for a boycott of the Beverly Hills Hotel over human rights issues
e Demi Lovato after rehab: I still have bad moments
b German Inflation Slows as ECB Prepares for Rate Meeting
b Former Bush Treasury Secretary: We Can Prevent A 'Climate Crash' With A  ...
b Good News For Boomers: Medicare's Hospital Trust Fund Appears Flush Until  ...
e Traders Buy High Volume of Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. Put Options (LGF)
e Sarah Palin: The Newest Edition To The View?
t Facebook Emotional Experiment Draws Ire from Users: What's the Marketing  ...
b Wall Street trims losses as GoPro climbs 30% in market debut
b Car sales expected to rise 2%
b Valeant increases bid for Botox-maker Allergan
t First look: Preview of Office for iPad
e Hugh Jackman reveals new cancer scare
m High cholesterol may damage fertility levels, study finds
e Kim Kardashian & family pray with pastor
t LG G3 Features: 2K Display, 20MP Camera, Fingerprint Sensor, and Water  ...
e Elle Fanning strolls through Paris in white dress just weeks ahead of Maleficent  ...
b Sourcing Firm William E. Connor Named a 2014 World's Most Ethical Company
t Comcast, TWC may sell customers to Charter
b Big Banks Surprise with Better Earnings, Google Sells Out of Glass
e Transformers Tops Domestic Box Office and Continues to be Big in China
t Microsoft is soldiering on with Android phones – meet the new Nokia X2
t Google Glass to go on sale to the public for one day only - if you're in the US
m Mental Illness may Reduce Life Expectancy more than Heavy Smoking
t MIT Creates FingerReader Ring With Text-Scanning Camera for Vision Impaired
e Kim Kardashian & Kanye West: Life As Newlyweds
t Microsoft Launches OneNote for Mac For FREE
t Snowden says NSA 'set fire to future of internet'
t New Volkswagen Jetta promises improved efficiency, safety
e Taylor Swift surprises fan at bridal shower
t Ford Prepares To Take Mustang To New Heights
t Google Nest Recalls 440000 Smoke Alarms
m Jim Kelly's surgery canceled because it wouldn't 'eradicate' his cancer
e 'Dancing with the Stars' Season 18 Recap: Week Seven Performances (Latin  ...
t 97 arrested worldwide in malware cybercrime
t Microsoft Windows 8.1 could offer folders
t Nokia X gets binned by Microsoft
t Apple, Comcast Talk Streaming; Google Now on Chrome; Cisco Intercloud
e Time Magazine most influential people
e The Walking Dead Season 5 "Is Going to Be Pretty Awesome"
t Sony Xperia Z1 Compact vs Samsung Galaxy S5 Mini – Design, Prices, Battery  ...
t House passes phone unlocking bill, to be renewed in 2015
b HKETO, Brussels celebrates 17th Anniversary of establishment of HKSAR with  ...
t Halo effect: Ford Mustang turns 50
t Google acquires music playlist service Songza for over $39 million: report
t Industry Analyst Jeff Kagan on T-Mobile Challenges AT&T, Verizon, Sprint to  ...
b Dubai to build world's biggest mall
b GOOGLE EARNINGS: Here's What We're Looking For When It Reports This  ...
t Microsoft Is At War With Itself
b When Uncle Sam Comes A'Knockin'! The Deets On This Year's Tax Season…By  ...
e Rolf Harris's BAFTA Fellowship annulled after conviction
b Argentina files legal proceedings with UN against Obama government
t Apple Asks For Retrial w/ Samsung Over Patents | News
e 'Orange is the New Black' Season 2 TRAILER Previews Spoilers of a 'Viscious  ...
m Blood test could provide rapid, accurate method of detecting solid cancers, study  ...
t Time for iWatch? iPhone is strong in Apple earnings, but iPad sales slump
t 'Biggest ever dinosaur' discovered in Argentina
b Earnings outpace inflation as unemployment falls below 7%
t How tough is the iPhone 6's sapphire crystal screen? Watch this to find out
e Review: Unfunny "Moms' Night Out" needs a time-out
m Study links pesticide exposure during pregnancy to autism risk in kids
e Box Office: 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' Sets Franchise Best With $262 Mil  ...
m Nature STAP stem cell studies retracted after more errors found
b Infographic: Waste, Poor Planning Blunt China's Wind Energy Ambitions
t Business seminar on cashing in on the Loch Ness Monster
t Apple Finally Recognizes the Need for More Diverse Emoticons
e OMG Coldplay's New Album, "Ghost Stories" Is Streaming RIGHT NOW!!!
e Beyonce and Jay-Z Slam Justin Bieber During Concert: "Even the Greatest Can  ...
t News & Analysis Intel, Rockchip Co-Design Tablet SoC
b American Apparel Ousts Its Founder Over Posting of Worker's Nude Photos
e VIDEO: Circus performers critically injured after scary fall
t Scientists Have Discovered A Planet They Thought Was Impossible
b All Of The Surprising Data That Companies Buy And Sell About You
t eBay Hack Raises Password 'Encryption' Questions
b Publishing wars: Amazon a bully?
t Mozilla Cancels Firefox For Metro, Cites Fewer Than 1000 Daily Active Users
e Emma Stone Talks Haters, Body Image, and Feeling Powerful
b OECD sees Eurozone recovery; cautionary on deflation risk
b World stocks mostly higher over US economy optimism
t The Galaxy S5 already accounts for nearly 1% of Android smartphones
m Dr. Oz diet scams: Host scolded for cheapening show with fake weight loss claims
b Gold Posting Solid Gains, At 6-Mo. High, on More Safe-Haven Demand
e Jada: 'Nothing Sexual' About Willow in Bed With Guy, 20
m Ebola Conference Agrees to Set Up Regional Fund
t Loch Ness 'Nessie' sighting excites then disappoints fans of the Scotland myth
e Tupac Shakur swore at cop as he lay dying
b 13/06/2014Another BNP exec departs under US pressure: sources
e 'Game of Thrones' Recap: 'First of His Name' Is All About The Women
b Who Says Solar Energy Doesn't Make Sense in Virginia?
e Anchor Josh Elliott Leaving 'GMA'
t Dating Site OkCupid Admits To Experimenting On User's Compatibility Data
e Academy Announces Updated Regulatons for 87th ANNUAL ACADEMY AWARDS
e Bottom's Up: Feds Rethink Powdered Alcohol Approval
e Agents of SHIELD Releases Season Two Teaser Poster
e 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2' Will Lay the Groundwork for 'The Sinister Six'
m Ebola Crisis Deepens, 500+ Dead
t FTC staff to Facebook and WhatsApp: Privacy promises prevail
e Risk of injuries grow leading up to 4th of July
e James Cameron extols vegan diet's anti-aging, weight loss, environmental effects
b Flipkart to acquire Myntra stake for Rs 2000 crore
t Big Things on the Horizon for Verizon
m West African Ebola epidemic 'likely to last months', says UN
b Gas prices up slightly across region
e Paul Walker's Mother Petitions For Guardianship of Daughter Meadow (VIDEO)
b Inflation falls to 1.6%, the lowest since October 2009
b 100 million Chinese to get greater city benefits
e Why Kim Kardashian Wants to Get Pregnant on Her Honeymoon (VIDEO)
t Google's driverless cars mastering city streets
b JPMorgan's Q1 Profit Falls 20 Percent
t “We Never Meant to Upset You”: Sheryl Sandberg Apologizes (Kinda) For  ...
e Kim Jong-un Rejects Peace Offering! Guarantees Death to Rogen, Franco  ...
e How I Met Your Mother finale reveals mystery
b BofA To Pay $9.3B To Settle With Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac Regulator
b With Methane Plan, Obama Puts Oil, Gas Cos. In Crosshairs
b World Bank cuts China growth outlook
m Kids With ADHD Are Less Likely To Smoke After Treatment
b BMW to invest $1.3 bln to expand US production by 50%
m Egypt investigates suspected MERS death
e Dutch teen arrested after tweeting 'joke' terror threat to Airline
b Observers Say Partnership, Not Policy, Dominated
e Coco Arquette Watches As David Arquette Proposes To Christina McLarty
e Get On Up: biopic tries to get under James Brown's skin – first look review
m Which group will freak out first about Minnesota's antibacterial soap ban?
t iPhone 6 Release Date: Bigger Model to be Launched Next Year? New Concept  ...
b LafargeHolcim to be largest cement, concrete firm
e Lorde Curating Cute Teen Mixtape For 'THE HUNGER GAMES: MOCKINGJAY  ...
m Healthcare Losers: MannKind Corporation (NASDAQ:MNKD), Inovio  ...
m 'We don't want to be ... watching someone die': Anne Arundel police unveil  ...
t 11 Investigates: Potential Security Risk for ATMs
m Mosquito-borne virus reported in Buncombe County
b Facebook profits soar on strong mobile ad growth
e North Korea's beef with James Franco, Seth Rogen
b Consumer Inflation Rises In April To 1.8%
t Heartbleed bug on Android devices and apps: Here's how to check if your  ...
b Economic Recovery Supports Industrial Metals And Weighs On Precious Metals
b April 15 not much of a deadline for most taxpayers
e Anna Kendrick on the hunt for sex in saucy Saturday Night Live skit
b Mt. Gox finds 200000 bitcoins down the back of the couch
m Swiss air service requests Michael Schumacher probe
e Robert Pattinson's older sister Lizzy has the X Factor
m Autism Diagnoses Rise Dramatically
e Obama, other officials speak at September 11 Memorial Hall and Museum  ...
e LeVar Burton Wants To Bring Back Reading Rainbow In A BIG Way! Will You  ...
m The Obama administration releases 2014 National Drug Policy Strategy
b Jobless Rate Holds Steady
b US sees 'progress' on factory safety, workers rights
t Leak: Moto G will reach LTE speeds with today's announcement
t Time Warner and Comcast FCC filing hints at new Apple TV set-top box
t Top 10 Apple iPhone benefits over Android devices
b Aaron Levie signs off chairman's letter “Go cloud!” as Box prepares for IPO
b Asian stocks sink on signs US hiring slowed
e Led Zeppelin accused of plagiarism, 40 years after the release of 'Stairway to  ...
e Robert Pattinson's Embarrassing Erotic Confession Will Gross You Out (VIDEO)
e Kate Winslet Was Pumping Breast Milk During the Earthquake!
t Update Galaxy S2 I9100 to Android 4.4.2 KitKat with SpiritROM
b Twitter recruits former Goldman Sachs banker Anthony Noto as finance chief
e Captain America: The Winter Soldier Review
t Apple launches new colourful iPod Touch with rear camera at Rs 16900 onwards
b NatGas Inventory Build Surging, But Likely to End Lower Than in 2013, EIA Says
b UPDATE 2-FedEx faces US criminal charges over online pharmacies
e Shailene Woodley & Theo James Greet All It Takes Supporters at 'Divergent  ...
m Gov to ask ND agencies for budge outlines
b Increased milk and cocoa costs drive up Easter egg prices
m Autism Groups React to New CDC-Reported Prevalence of 1 in 68 Children
e “X-Men: Days Of Future Past” – Opening Battle Clip
b Business and Finance News: Average CEO Paid $10 Million in 2013
b Why Ryanair (RYAAY) Stock Is Surging Today
b Russian forces massed near Ukraine heading to home bases, defence ministry  ...
e Jennifer Lawrence waiting for fans to get sick of her 0
b Missing Malaysia Airlines MH370: Two objects spotted could be debris
b Stocks: Preparing for a rush of IPOs
t In-depth video walkthrough shows off the Galaxy S5 model you wish you had
b Wall St. dips at open, consumer data on tap
e Harrison Ford Is Reportedly Out Of 'Star Wars: Episode VII' For Weeks Due To  ...
b First Solar offloads Macho Springs
e Woman Spends Over $30000 to Look Like Kim Kardashian
b Billionaire has untreatable cancer
e Selena Gomez Tells Justin Bieber to Get Lost
e Kristen Bell Talks Musicals, The Stage And Plans To Work With Frozen Song  ...
b Flash Boys: A Wall Street Revolt
e Stephen Colbert on Late Show Gig: "I Do Not Envy Whoever They Try to Put in  ...
m New York's giant fizzy drink ban rejected
e 'Bullets Over Broadway': Allen and Stroman Hit the Bull's-Eye
t GM recall linked to ignition switch traces the part to China
b Facebook Paid Mark Zuckerberg a Salary of Just $1 Last Year but He's Still  ...
t Google Hangouts currently down, a few other services potentially having issues  ...
t NASA Satellite To Track Carbon Dioxide Emissions From Humans Is Ready For  ...
e 'Once Upon A Time' To Welcome Frozen's Queen Elsa; Here are 6 Actresses To  ...
e Justin Bieber accepts plea deal to end DUI drama - report
b Court upholds EPA emission standards for hazardous air pollutants
b GM says securities regulators are probing ignition switch recall
t 'NFL Sunday Ticket without satellite' sounds too good to be true, and for many it is
e Rosie O'Donnell on Lindsay Lohan's reality show: It's a 'tragedy on every level'
e Snooki reveals she's expecting a girl - See video
t Mustang turns 50: The pony car that almost wasn't
b BURGER KING® Singapore gave away 1000 free WHOPPER® to soldiers
b 47% of Unemployed Have Given Up Looking for a Job
b Google loses $22bn in value on 6% share drop. What's the market so worried  ...
b Libya declares end to oil crisis
b From boobs to Bill Murray: 9 digital currencies you should know about
t Rearview cameras will be required in vehicles in 2018
m Headbanging fan gets clot on brain
b 5-Hour Energy Drink Sued Over Alleged Deceptive Advertising
b Dr. Dre - World's first billionaire rapper ?
t Within its fiberhoods, Google rules the roost
b Offices Of Taxi App Vandalised After They Use Private Vehicles
t BlackBerry reports loss, revenue falls below $1 billion
b Rise in US Consumer Confidence
b Google surpasses Apple as world's most valuable brand
t Nest acquires Dropcam: Is this what a connected home looks like?
e PAUL McCARTNEY: Gets Back to Work
b The Danger of Too Loose, Too Long
e Keira Knightley and Mark Ruffalo Make Music in “Begin Again”
e Robin Thicke: “TakeOver” of ABC Produces Few Sales, Twitter Campaign  ...
b Adobe's Shift to Cloud Ramps Up as Online Users Grow
e Young Jeezy arrested in California on weapons charge after fatal shooting at  ...
e 'Amazing Spider-Man 2' Interview: Emma Stone Teases Gwen Stacy's Possible  ...
e Why the Jill Abramson Firing Hits Home for All Women
m Regal Princess virtual tour revisited before launch date
b Gold Is Dangling
t Why are Apple and Samsung throwing down? A timeline of the biggest fight in tech
b EUR/USD moves higher after US jobs data comes in below estimates
e After Transformers 4 Michael Bay Should Quit These Movies
e Jennifer Lopez, Tegan and Sara among GLAAD award winners
t Samsung Q1 profit dips 3.3%, forecasts better Q2
e Vitalii Sediuk allegedly attacks Brad Pitt on 'Maleficent' carpet
e Mama bear saves baby from busy highway because there are still good things in  ...
e Actress, Civil Rights Activist Ruby Dee Dies at 91
b Camera maker GoPro goes public
e You will never guess who Tom Cruise has been secretly dating!
b Dov Charney's flamboyance masked a failing business
b Tax Day 2014 freebies and deals offer tax relief for taxpayers
b Why Amazon Pays Workers to Quit
b Welcome back Charney? American Apparel saga gets weirder
t NASA carbon dioxide-hunting telescope reaches orbit
t NASA expecting a spectacular meteor shower this weekend
e New MARVEL Announcement for GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY
b Analysts skeptical of Whole Foods goals
b Pilot error 'probable cause' of San Francisco plane crash
e Ryan Gosling, Tommy Lee Jones, Bennett Miller, David Cronenberg films to be  ...
b Stocks notch tiny gains, but still end week slightly lower
t Scientists discover Big Bang origin from 13.7b years ago
t Tonight's Earth Hour - it's really about what you do next ...
t Dropbox wants to be hip home in cloud
b Red Lobster Sold: Seafood Chain's 700 Restaurants Go for $2.1B
e Variety puts Michael Keaton on awards path for "Birdman"
e Nowhere to go but up
t Iceland Lowers Aviation Alert, Volcanic Eruption Report False
e New 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' Posters
b AAA Texas Weekend Gas Watch Report of July 26th 2014
m Women Disproportionately Affected by Alzheimer's
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Active video leaks tough handset
e Kardashians land in Paris ahead of Kim and Kanye's wedding
e Former Georgia QB Aaron Murray's Brother Josh Wins 'The Bachelorette'
b Industrial Goods Active Stocks: The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), DR Horton  ...
m Why a Drug Company Won't Give This 7-Year-Old Medicine That Might Save His  ...
e Neil Patrick Harris Leaving 'Hedwig and the Angry Inch'
b Hindustan Motors slumps on work suspension at Uttarpara
t Unrest in Middle East Increases Gas Prices
m Department of Health, Walgreens offer free HIV testing
t The problem with Facebook's News Feed Experiment: It's downright unethical
t Foursquare Announces Split Into Foursquare and Swarm Apps
m Obamacare Helping Medicare Fight Fraud in Several States
e CeeLo Green is out and Pharrell is in as new coach on 'The Voice'
b Piketty's Capital Shortcomings
e Baftas 2014 Red Carpet Pictures: BEst And Worst Dressed From The British  ...
b OECD backs away from call for Canada to hike rates
t Live coverage of Google I/O
m Flu drugs not very effective, study finds
t Gas prices continue to rise in state, nation
b NATO worried about Russian forces near Ukraine, sees no threats for Balts
m The key to reducing risk of Alzheimer's unlocked
t Notable 52-Week Highs and Lows of the Day 07/07: (INVN) (AAPL) (ADM) High  ...
e CLAIM: Ellen DeGeneres And Portia de Rossi Enter "Counseling" To Avoid Split
e The Sociology Of Miley Cyrus: Actually Offered at Skidmore College!
b Pros and cons of using the tax system to subsidize health care premiums for the  ...
t NASA: SpaceX rocket launch a go for Monday
b FOMC Meeting Today
e Beyoncé and Blue Ivy Get Their Nails Done Together — See the Cute Photo!
e Heaven is For Real will not be releasing in UK theatres
b Futures Pointing To Continued Strength On Wall Street
m Obama calls House effort to weaken healthier school meals regulations  ...
e Zac Efron Attacked In L.A.'s Skid Row
e High Court to Hear Internet TV Case
t Lyrid meteor shower peak time tonight: Watch NASA live stream video online  ...
t People More Satisfied With Xbox 360 Than PS3 Says Microsoft
b NC Unemployment Rate Improving
t Microsoft trims Surface Pro 2 prices as sales of successor loom
b BREAKING- Medtronic Buys Covidien for $42.9 billion
t LG G Pro 2 vs. Sony Xperia Z Ultra Specs and Price Comparison in Australia
b Amazon 1st quarter net income jumps
e The Bachelorette recap: Close to Home
e 3 reasons 'Noah' misses the mark
b Asian Equities Lower with Eyes on China
e Brody Jenner Boycotts Kim Kardashian's Wedding!
t Facebook cracks down on 'click-bait'
t Coolest White Dwarf Star May Be a Diamond in the Sky
b Intesa Sanpaolo posts 4.55 bln-euro net loss after writedowns
e Boston man charged with rape at Keith Urban concert
t Samsung Galaxy K zoom to cost €519 in Germany
m US FDA approves use of electric headband to prevent migraines
e Lindsay Lohan sues Grand Theft Auto V makers for 'using her image'
b Herbalife Falls On Downbeat Results; Windstream Shares Spike Higher
b Regulators shine light on shark-infested 'dark pools'
t Skylanders Trap Team lets you catch and play as villains
e Police: "The Shield" Actor Told 911 He Shot His Wife
m Michael Schumacher's medical documents are 'stolen'
b Destination Maternity aims to snuggle down with Mothercare
m Poisoning from e-cigarettes on the rise
t SpaceX Dragon Successfully Docked With The Space Station
e How 'Godzilla' Defied the Experts and Tracking to Blow Away the Box Office  ...
m 30 percent of the world is now overweight or obese, no country immune
e Cynthia McFadden Jumps From ABC to NBC News, Juju Chang to Replace Her  ...
e Superstar Pharrell Williams named newest 'The Voice' coach
e Dominic Monaghan Rumored To Cameo In Star Wars Episode Seven
e Bey and Jay 'planning joint tour
e Pippa Middleton Insists Her Bridesmaid Dress For Kate's Wedding Was Meant  ...
t Apple, Google, Microsoft and others join forces to improve smartphone anti-theft  ...
e Katie Couric Marries John Molner in the Hamptons
t iPhone 6 expected to launch in September
b Senator 'troubled' by Secret Service misbehavior
e Lindsay Lohan Sues GTA 5 Makes Take-Two Over 'Stolen Likeness'
e Mickey Rooney dead at 93: Remembering the Hollywood icon's life & career
t Fossil to Introduce Google-Powered Smartwatch This Year
b Lipocine Added to Russell Microcap Index
e Kaley Cuoco Is Obsessed With Reading Online Comments
e Solange Knowles offered 12M pounds to reveal secret of elevator fight
b Eddie Cue and Jimmy Iovine talk Beats deal and future of Apple
e X-Men: Days of Future Past - Second Trailer
b Putin says Russia may become swing gas producer for Europe, Asia
m Investing in girls and mothers works during humanitarian crises– Save the  ...
b The Recall ABC's
e Keeping Up with the Kardashians: 'It's baaaaack!': Kim Kardashian goes blonde  ...
e Game of Thrones season four finale, episode 10, The Children: Nine questions  ...
t Nasa rover breaks distance record
t PlayStation Network Maintenance Takes Place Tomorrow
b ECB faces uncharted waters with negative rates
m First MERS victim has fully recovered
b Asian stimulus boosts factories, euro zone still lags
e Divergent Dominates Box Office in Opening Weekend
e Kim Dotcom says lawsuit nonsense
t Apple Decided To Chuck Top-Grossing Pot-Dealing App 'Weed Firm'
e ABC Blows Up The View
m Report: 60-Something Women More Likely To Develop Alzheimer's Than Breast  ...
b Lime Shortage Hits Little Rock Restaurants
b Papa John's Closes China Store Over Expired Pizza Dough
t Narendra Modi's Facebook Page Fastest Growing for Any Elected Leader  ...
m The US military wants brain implants to treat combat trauma
e VIDEO: Pharrell driven to tears during Oprah interview
m Colorado Girl Shaves Head to Support Friend with Cancer, Banned for Breaking  ...
m The outcome of fertility treatments using donor sperm is dependent on the quality  ...
t US mayors back net neutrality
t New meteor shower to produce meteor storm live stream and best viewing times
e 'Batman v Superman' Title Revealed!
b GE's Synchrony IPO could raise $3.1 billion
e AC/DC to call it quits over sick band member: report
m Apps for gay, bisexual men tied to STI risk
t Oculus Rift: Facebook buys maker of 3D VR headset for $2B
b Newest Boeing Dreamliner will be made in North Charleston
m Foster Farms Salmonella Outbreak Expands, 574 Sick
e 'Gone Girl' Trailer and Poster: Ben Affleck's Wife is Missing
m Too Many Unneeded Brain Scans for Headaches: Study
t Halo 5: Microsoft to launch 'Guardians' in Autumn 2015 as well as new Halo TV  ...
m Chabot: Friends – and foes – reach out to Tom Menino
t Design Project Previews Ultra-Luxury Mercedes U-Class
b Rules On US Crude Oil Exports Relaxed
t Stunning Nasa footage shows solar flare erupting from the Sun
e Orange Is The New Black Renewed For Season 3, Netflix Confirms
e Justin Bieber Picked A Fight At A Dave & Buster's
b Is This the Best Space Stock? ORB, ATK, ASTC & MDA.TO
b Apple to acquire Beats Music and Beats Electronics for $3 billion
b Shire To Consider Revised AbbVie Proposal - Quick Facts
t VIDEO: Netflix Learns From Past Mistakes, Increases Prices The Right Way
t Time Warner Cable Boosts Internet Speeds for WeHo Subscribers
e Rihanna Rocks Drake's OVO For Her Trip Back Home!
b ECB's Draghi Testifies About Policies (Q&A Part 2)
m PAHO/WHO's Office for Barbados and Eastern Caribbean Countries urges  ...
b News Analysis: Analysts divided over the impact of Iraqi conflict on Asian equity  ...
e Wu-Tang Discovered Rapper Attempts Suicide, Cut Off His Penis Then Leaped  ...
t See Vintage Ads Influenced by the Apollo 11 Moon Landing
m Marriage helps strengthen the heart
b Citigroup Pays $7B to Settle Charges Over Mortgage-Backed Bonds
t Big Waves First Recorded in Once Ice-Covered Part of Arctic
e All is green slime as Kids pick best
m Tacoma General, St. Joseph awarded identical safety ratings
b ODNR press release on earthquakes, new permit rules
t Heartbleed could harm a variety of systems
t From ColumbusAlive.com
b Internet service provider CEO blames Comcast for Netflix slowdown
e Rooney Mara Cast In 'Pan' As Tiger Lily
e Queen's Roger Taylor Says Freddie Would Love Adam Lambert (A Top Story)
e Parini: Did Jesus really rise from the dead?
e 'Rio 2′ – mild entertaining fare (IANS Movie Review)
e Read what the critics have to say about Anna D. Shapiro's production Of Mice  ...
m Triumphant moment for research
t Microsoft unveils Surface Pro 3
e Cannes Film Festival Livestream: Day 6
t BRIEF: Google Street View car mapping Charlotte
e Sentence for sex abuser Rolf Harris 'too lenient'
e Happy Birthday America!
t NSA uses Heartbleed bug to spy on citizens
t Photos: Ancient Egyptian Tomb with Pyramid Discovered
e One Direction's Louis and Zayn joke about drug use while smoking cigarette
b Alibaba broadens its global expansion plans with a $249m investment in  ...
t LG Introduces the Next Generation of Unattainably Expensive TVs
b Man must pay ex-wife $4 billion, court rules
e Robert Pattinson Loves Getting Erotically Spit On
e REVIEW: 'Muppets Most Wanted' marks seventh sequel
b MH370: Six travel security concerns that must be addressed
b Travel from Canada to all other countries and travel to Canada from overseas  ...
e Matt Lauer signs contract extension with NBC's 'Today Show'
b Malaysia rejects jet 'debris' images and 4-hour flight report
m Salmonella outbreak grows to 524 people in 25 states
e Zac Efron Hit In The Face!
b Emirates and Boeing finalise order for 150 777X aircraft
t FCC extends deadline for user comments on net neutrality
t Inventor of the World Wide Web, Tim Berners-Lee, hosts Ask Me Anything Reddit  ...
m Ebola Death Toll in West Africa Reaches 337
t Scientists Have Discovered Genghis Khan's Secret Weapon
e Mila Kunis is obsessed with her breasts now that she's pregnant
e Judge Joe Brown arrested, sentenced to jail
t Windows Phone 8.1 GDR 1 to support smart cases, monster phablets
m Teva files CP regarding approvability of purported generic versions of COPAXONE
e Stevie Nicks to Join NBC's THE VOICE as Guest Mentor
e 3 hours ago Eli Wallach, veteran character actor, dies at 98
e 'Survivor' star Caleb Bankston dies: Colton Cumbie's fiance passes in accident
e New Oscar rules for music announced
e 'Ted' and its Swampscott 'Native' is Returning
b AstraZeneca says it will turn over $45 billion by 2023
e Paul Stanley: Former Kiss bandmates Peter Criss, Ace Frehley anti-Semitic
e From Backstreet Boy To Married Man: Nick Carter Weds Lauren Kitt
e Lily Allen Confronts Mean Bloggers in 'URL Badman' Music Video
t New bill would ban Internet 'fast lanes'
t Experts discover methane leaking from 500 underwater vents off East Coast
e Liam Hemsworth Might Regret His Split from Miley After Reading This
e Death of Emma Stone's Gwen Stacy in 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2' Discussed  ...
t Climate change impacts are happening; the window of opportunity to act is  ...
e 'The Walking Dead' Season 4 Finale: TV Recap
t MIT researchers develop 'fish robot'
t Corals, fish can sniff out a bad neighborhood, say scientists (+video)
t Take-down requests flood Google's inbox after European court ruling
b Turkey Growth Forecast Cut to 2.3% by IMF After Rate Increase
t Nearby planet has atmosphere very similar to Earth
m PTC Receives Positive Opinion From CHMP For Translarna - Quick Facts
e Kanye West Planning To Release Spoken Word Album?
b Google revenue falls short of estimates as ad prices decline
b UPDATE: Alcoa Announces Acquisition of Firth Rixson For $2.85B
b RBI keeps policy rates unchanged
m Needles No More: FDA Approves Inhalable Insulin For Diabetics
e Watch Destiny's Child Reunite In Michelle Williams' "Say Yes" Video
b Wal-Mart takes on MoneyGram, PayPal, and Western Union
b US concerned about China-Vietnam incident in South China Sea
b RBI adopts new CPI as key measure of inflation
m Screening Can Prevent More Than 90 Percent of Colon Cancer Cases. So Why  ...
t Google Pushes Android into Watches
t Amazon is building a 3D smartphone
m RIKEN Center: Japanese Scientist Falsified Data in Stem Cell Breakthrough
e Maksim Chmerkovskiy: I Would Accept Job as Dancing With the Stars Judge  ...
b Ergen DirecTV Overture Puts Dish in Play as AT&T Waits: Real M&A
b GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks rise on corporate results, euro falls on inflation data
t BlackBerry (BBRY) One-Ups Emoticons with 'Stickers' for BBM
b North American stocks touch new highs amid Tim Hortons deal talk
t Google unveils source code for Chrome encryption extension
e THE COLLISION: Episode 87 – THE AMAZING SPIDER-MAN 2
e 'The Walking Dead' Hits New Records With Ratings
t Recalled GM cars attracted young, inexperienced drivers unaccustomed to  ...
b Consumer spending up modest 0.3 percent
b Target's board under fire in advance of annual meeting
t LG Uni8 Windows Phone 8.1 smartphone leaked
m Ebola outbreak: US Peace Corps volunteers put in isolation following exposure  ...
t Google Loses Google+ Head
e Game of Thrones actor Jason Momoa to play Aquaman in Man of Steel?
e Netflix orders new version of 'The Magic School Bus'
e Justin Bieber close to plea deal
b Obamacare's unhappy four-year anniversary
m Research queries 'unhealthy' fat advice
b US stocks rise on Yellen comments
e Reconsidering 'gay pride' in today's more inclusive society
e Christie Signals Support For Stephen Colbert, Chides Letterman For “Fat Jokes”
b Crude & Brent Oil Fundamental Analysis June 30, 2014 Forecast
e UPDATE: Details Emerge On The Shooting Of Love & Hip Hop ATL's Benzino  ...
b What a combined 21st Century Fox-Time Warner might look like
e Gone Girl Trailer Released (Watch It Here)
t Steady On! Aaron Paul Is Turning On Your Xbox One
b Housing Prices: Up Or Down? How To Understand Today's Case-Shiller Data
t Google looks to software for watches, TVs and thermostats
e Chelsea Handler's <i>Chelsea Lately</i> Send-Off Involved Nudity and a Lot of  ...
t T-Mobile entices consumers to 'cheat on their carrier' with 7-day free iPhone trial
b Google sees spending $30 bn buying foreign firms: AFP
b CFPB: Most payday loans are rolled over, and most monthly borrowers receive  ...
e Adam Richman's Travel Channel show pulled after social media meltdown
m Mono mono twins born in Ohio holding hands: Pregnancy caused months of bed  ...
e Lindsay Lohan's Conquest List: More A-List Lovers Exposed! Including Ashton  ...
m Melanoma rates rising since the 70s
b Cirrus Logic To Acquire Wolfson Electronics
m Study Finds Calling Girls 'Fat' Leads To Obesity
b UPDATE 3-UK economy basks in manufacturing growth, IMF upgrade
t A small step for man, 45 years later: Relive the moon landing
e In Transformers 4, Michael Bay Urges You To Smash The Patriarchy
t Samsung Galaxy S5 mini official with 4.5" screen, all S5 sensors
e Zendaya Drops Out Of Lifetime's Aaliyah Movie
e 'Transformers: Age of Extinction': How big a hit is it?
b Controversial drink ingredient dropped
b OBAMA ECONOMY: RECORD 92120000 NOT IN US LABOR FORCE
m CDC confirms second case of MERS in United States
e VIDEO: Conan O'Brien Opens MTV MUSIC AWARDS with 50 Celebrity Cameos!
e 'Good Morning America' news anchor Josh Elliott leaving show for NBC Sports
b Search for plane shifts after new analysis of data
e Justin Bieber and Chris Brown Collaborating on Music to Make Up For Their  ...
e Lindsy Lohan Talks Mean Girls Reunion
t The Army's experimental hypersonic missile just exploded four seconds after  ...
e Drew Carey Fancies DWTS Partner Cheryl Burke!
b Yellen: Fed stimulus still needed for job market
t Double Rings Discovered Around Asteroid is an Accidental Find
e Paul McCartney Cancels Entire Japanese Tour
b Morning markets: grain, soy prices ease ahead of key US data
e Like a juror: Madonna reports for NYC jury duty, briefly
b Euro Zone Faces Real Deflation Risk Says Spain's ECB Council Member
e Michelle Obama Announced as Guest Star on 'Nashville'
b Hackers the new headache for corporate chief executives
m Recalled Yogurt Tied to Fungus Infections, Study Finds
e Dotcom Sued by Studios
b Drugmaker Takeda to fight $6b US damages
e Netflix to Be Available Via Cable Boxes
e Adam Richman's 'Man Finds Food' Show Axed Following Instagram Rant
b Pinterest raises its valuation to $5bn
m Weight of the world: 2.1 billion people obese or overweight
b Putin's Audacious $400 Billion Gas Deal
t Love and DNS: Two web analytics companies announce wedding plans
b Time Warner Rejects 21st Century Fox Bid, Murdoch Unlikely to Forgo  ...
e Video slideshow: Ice bucket challenge in Montana
m Study: American Teens Are Drinking Less, Texting More
b Fla. Expecting Large Share of SunTrust Settlement
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Specs Rumors: All We Know So Far
b Candy Crush Maker King Digital Makes a Rocky Landing on the NYSE
t Apollo 11's launch to the moon celebrated on 45th anniversary; moon landing  ...
t VIDEO: Twitter Introduces Facebook-Style App Install Ads
b Swiss bank pleads guilty to US tax evasion, fined $2.6bn
e Spike Lee and She's Gotta Have It Make TV Moves
t Despite Twitter Surge, Government Pressures for User Information
e TV Review: Halle Berry as a pregnant astronaut on 'Extant'
t Brixton stars in Google Glass promo, as the high tech eyewear goes on sale for  ...
t Major Meteor Shower
m Short runs pack health benefits
b AT&T nears DirecTV purchase in jolt to TV landscape
m Surgeon general: Stop tanning and save your skin
e Russian Entry in Eurovision Contest Is a Song About Crossing a Line to Take  ...
b Owens Realty Mortgage, Inc. Added to Russell 2000® and Russell 3000® Indexes
e Gwen Stefani Joining 'The Voice' As A Coach To Replace Christina Aguilera
t Nokia Oyj Will Soon Be Known As Microsoft Mobile Oy [Report]
e Jack Bauer is Back in New '24: Live Another Day' Teaser (VIDEO)
e Julia Louis-Dreyfus has sex with a clown in GQ, they have a clown baby
e Dozens injured when floor collapses during religious gathering at Katy-area home
e Miley Cyrus not 'ready' for another dog
e Meshach Taylor's memorable onscreen moments
t Full lunar eclipse delights Americas
e Arrow: “The Man Under The Hood”
e With Emma Stone and Joaquin Phoenix, Woody Allen's New Movie Could Fly
e Musical legend Bobby Womack has passed away at age 70
e Roll over, JK Rowling: Keith Richards is writing a children's book
b Will Good Friday lead to a better Monday?
e Kanye West, Kim Kardashian Wed in Florence Fortress
b Vodafone agrees to buy Spanish cable operator Ono for €7.2 billion
e Tori Spelling's Husband Dean McDermott Comes Clean About Cheating  ...
t Porsche, Jaguar and Lexus on top in annual car quality survey
e Shia LaBeouf Arrested for Disorderly Conduct in New York City
b Tech sectors losses pull US markets lower
t Nasa's $468m mission to study carbon dioxide
t Surface revenues up 50% from last year — down nearly 50% from holiday quarter
t Google I/O 2014: Android Auto and Android TV round-up
e 'The Voice' season 6 winner and Usher celebrate win
e Barack Obama wrote a open letter to friends of family of Frankie Knuckles
e 'Even the greatest can fall': Jay Z and Beyoncé spark controversy by including  ...
m Big research effort will track Colorado ozone
m Drug Maker Denies Compassionate Use Request, Starts New Trial
e Go Inside Miley Cyrus' Insane 4th of July Celebration
b Hewlett-Packard Company Given Average Recommendation of "Buy" by  ...
t Amazon wants to create 3D smartphones
e Will Smith circling led role in Ridley Scott's "Game Brain"
t Lyrid meteor shower: here's how to watch it
b GM creates a global safety chief
m Study links availability of medical marijuana with lower deadly overdose rate
t NetApp enhances storage portfolio for enterprises and service providers
e New Jersey Woman Films Her Own Abortion While Humming
b Briefcase
e Brad Pitt and David Michod to tell Gen. Stanley McChrystal's Afghan Story  ...
t Do you have high expectations for Apple's iOS 8?
t Microsoft To Close Nokia Devices And Services Acquisition, Signs Licensing  ...
b US stocks open higher ahead of release of minutes from latest Fed meeting  ...
m War on Ebola could take six more months
b 7000 jobs to go at Barclays investment bank
e 'American Idol' Judges, Ryan Seacrest to Return for 14th Season
e Country superstar Brad Paisley mocks the Westboro Baptist Church with selfie
e Kendall Jenner & More: Billboard Music Awards' Best Moments
b Aluminum weighed for future Wranglers
b Sbarro pizza chain files for bankruptcy, second time in three years
e North Korea Condemns Rogen/Franco Movie 'The Interview' But Kim Jong-un  ...
b Ex-SAC Capital Manager Sentenced to 3½ Years in Prison for insider trading
b Search area for Malaysian airliner widened after French satellite images
t Finally: Nokia-Microsoft Deal to Close on Friday
e UN declaration spurs a pursuit of happiness in Monument Square
t Google acquires Word Lens
e Lindsay Lohan sues 'Grand Theft Auto V' maker for alleged use of her likeness
b Apple greets new retail guru Ahrendts with up to $78M in stock awards
e Letterman gets visit from his successor, Colber
b Egypt court sentences 2 Morsi supporters to death
m Pregnancy puts drivers on edge
t New Samsung Galaxy Tab S banks on high-end screens to take on the iPad
t Apple pays $3.2bn for Beats
b Obama Hails IMF Loan to Ukraine, Unity on Russia
b Bank hints that interest rates could rise
e TV Picks: 'The Leftovers,' 'Girl Meets World' and '24: Live Another Day'
e MOVIES: Jolie's a fun hero-villain in 'Maleficent'
e Justin & Selena Coachella Canoodling
b Fast Food Workers Plan Global Protests To Demand Higher Wages
t Sony debuts virtual reality headset
b Baxter splitting into 2 separate businesses
e Jennifer Garner babysat for Stephen Colbert
t Apple Marching to a New Beat?
b Bitcoin Gets a Visit From the Tax Man
t Viber Releases New Design for iPhone and Comes to BlackBerry 10 for the First  ...
b Pound jumps higher after Bank of England chief hints rates may rise sooner than  ...
t Google's Same-Day Delivery Service Now Available in Manhattan and LA
t Windows 8 banned from China's govt purchase list
t Amazon Unveils 'Fire Phone' on AT&T: Decent Specs, Big Ecosystem Bonuses  ...
t On National Pi Day, Pizza Maker Has Fun with the Numbers on its Pies
m Amedisys, Inc. Settles Civil False Claims Act Liabilities for $150 Million
e Holy fire ceremony draws thousands in Jerusalem as celebration of Easter  ...
b Facebook Is Buying Video Ad Tech Company LiveRail
e Maroon 5 To Release 'V' On September 2
e Sequels Dominate Box-Office With '22 Jump Street' Leading The Pack
e Stacy Keibler Weds Jared Pobre Months After George Clooney Split; 'My  ...
e Gwen Stefani, Miley Cyrus, Fergie, 50 Cent & More Bid Chelsea Handler  ...
b Global stocks lacklustre after tech tumble; Japan declines on lack of additional  ...
b Video shows trespassers on Indiana bridge as train approaches
b Block & Leviton LLP Investigates Credit Card Breach at PF Chang's China Bistro
e Lana Del Rey will be paid six figures to perform at Kim Kardashian and Kanye  ...
t Wireless charging pads coming to Starbucks
t GM investors unshaken as recall cuts US$3b in market value
m MERS patient from Saudi Arabia released from Florida hospital
e Jay Z And Beyonce 'On The Run Tour' Set To Be Second Best-Selling Tour Ever!
e Hochman: Power of sports in community easy to see on Cinco de Mayo
b Energy sector faces increasing pressures from climate change
m Seven new #Ebola deaths reported in #Liberia
t The New Blacklist
t Google Reportedly Getting Down To Business With Enterprise-Friendly Features  ...
m Veterans: Don't Reintegrate, Rebuild America
b Upscale Tiffany gains shine from its lower-cost jewellery
t NASA Mars Rover Opportunity Sets A New Record Of 25 Miles
m Watching too much TV could cause early death
m Ad comm review today for Durata and Cubist
e Music Review: Country star Miranda Lambert takes risks, wins big with fifth  ...
b Goldman Sachs's “Equal Weight” Rating Reaffirmed at Morgan Stanley (GS)
e Kim Kardashian Talks Angels Blessings Before Wedding
e Neighbors Review [2]
e Game of Thrones: Happy Father's Day
b Trust me, it's Memorial Day weekend
e Nirvana Reunite, KISS Show Up to Star-Studded 2014 Rock and Roll Hall of  ...
t Lost without your smartphone? Almost half the country is, too
t Because of Course: Microsoft May Be Launching a Selfie Phone
e Cesar Chavez's Legacy: Iconic Civil Rights Leader's Controversial Take On  ...
t Office Mobile Goes Free-For-Use On Android Devices & The iPhone
b Twitter Stock Down 10% As It Posts $132m Loss
t Oculus Rift Dev Kit 2 now shipping
e EDITORIAL: Do your part to keep a dry Fresno safe on July 4
e Oh Kim Kardashian, my, what big rocks you have. Thanks, Kanye.
t Nokia, Microsoft close $7.5 billion cellphone deal
t Report: Google to buy Twitch.tv for $1 billion
e Movie review: 'Noah' tells ancient tale from a fresh angle
e President Snow Addresses Panem In New 'Mockingjay' Teaser Trailer
e Ailing Miley Cyrus laments missing 4/20 holiday
t Garmin® Launches víago™, A Feature-Packed Navigation App Starting at $1.99
e Movie review: 'Bad Words' is wonderfully good
e Yahoo picks up 'Community' for sixth online season
e Kim Kardashian Has Not Married Kanye … Yet!
b The Tech Protests Are Getting Personal and Weird
t Vic Gundotra leaving Google
e We should celebrate Madonna's hairy armpit selfie
e Celebrating 20th anniversary of 'Pulp Fiction,' Tarantino calls digital film 'death of  ...
e #Bringbackourgirls: Angelina Jolie ''sickened" by Nigerian kidnappings
e Did Kate Middleton Pose Butt-Naked in Australia? German Publication Bild  ...
t A Big Win For The Patent Reform Movement
b BNP Paribas to Pay Record $8.97B Fine
b SEPTA Riders Relieved Rail Strike Is Over
t Why Buying Beats Audio Is A Good Deal For Apple (AAPL)
m GSK recalls weight-loss drug Alli in US on tampering concerns
b Police: Suspect Not Linked to Target Breach
t Nexus 8: Android 4.5/5.0 Lollipop to be 64-Bit Compatible?
e Brooks pull out 'a shock to the system'
b Shell sells $5bn stake in Woodside
t Big Blue Veteran Leads Apple-Samsung Patent Jury
m Facebook can create an epidemic of well being
b Amazon.com, Inc.(NASDAQ:AMZN) Meets With Earnings, Edges out Street
b What GoPro means when it calls itself a media company
m Study To Test 'Chocolate' Pills For Heart Health
b UPDATED: Intent on closing a deal, AbbVie boosts its bid for Shire to $51B
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Release Date: Device To have Same IP67 Rating Dust  ...
e TCA: CBS' Nina Tassler “Very Confident” That 'Big Bang' Cast Members Will  ...
t Project Tango Tablet
t 'Blood Moon:' Red or Orange 'Pink Full Moon' and Lunar Eclipse (Tetrad) Takes  ...
e 'Game Of Thrones': Kit Harington, Rose Leslie React To Drama Becoming HBO's  ...
m Now a blood test can verify cancer
b CPI inflation ends 10 month slide with sharp uptick to 1.8%
m Low blood sugar bad for marital bliss: Study
t 2017 Release Set For $35000 Tesla Model III
e Gay-Pride Parades Across US Mark 45 Years Since Stonewall
b US stocks turn higher in choppy trading
m Oklahomans urged to walk on National Walking Day
b banking giant pleads guilty to aiding tax evasion
m Chikungunya virus infects 39 people in several US states
b Lafarge, Holcim In $50 Bn-plus Merger Talk
t Apple may refund $400M in digital book settlement - KATV - Breaking News  ...
t Samsung Galaxy S5 will be launched in India today with price expected to be  ...
e Joe Francis arrested, released for alleged 'Girls Gone Wild' fight
e Sister of L'Wren Scott to be barred from funeral of Sir Mick Jagger's girlfriend  ...
e Pharrell Williams replaces Cee Lo Green as 'Voice' judge
m Op-Ed: Pregnancy tests distributed like condoms in Alaska
b Allergan Upgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. to "Overweight" (AGN)
b US new-home sales drop 2.4 percent in July to annual rate of 412000
e Lea Michele's Twitter Account Hacked, Actress Is Not Pregnant
t Google Glass now available in the United Kingdom for £1000, translates to $1700
b Job openings slip to 4.01 million in March
b Posted by Shoaib-ur-Rehman Siddiqui
e Album review: The Black Keys - 'Turn Blue'
e Robin Williams enters rehab: 'The Crazy Ones' star hopes to maintain sobriety
e Crowd-funding helps to get Veronica Mars on big screen
t Dinosaurs Evolved Into Birds By 'Shrinking'
t Building BICEP2: A conversation with Jamie Bock
t Samsung Galaxy S5 vs. Apple iPhone 5S, Which Is Faster?
e Police Dig into Fatal Shooting of Jace's Wife
t USB devices can be hacked maliciously
e 'Game Of Thrones' 'The Breaker Of Chains' Review: Purple Wedding Aftermath  ...
b Draghi attends Lisbon meeting ahead of key fiscal decisions
t EU: Apple Needs Stronger In-App Purchase Protections
e Death Of Archie Variant Covers Announced
t REVIEW: Watch_Dogs On Xbox One
t Astronauts plan $250 million asteroid telescope to save world
e Amazon launches Prime streaming music service
b Navy's newest weapon kills at seven times the speed of sound
e 'Game Of Thrones' season opener scores ratings high
m A New Natural Sweetener That Might Actually Be Good For You
b U.S. Hot Stocks: Hot Stocks to Watch
b IBM: Ginni Rometty's Turnaround Shows Progress, But Hardware Is Still A Problem
t Coding error protects some Android apps from Heartbleed
e Chris Martin hoping to fix marriage?
e Vincent Van Gogh's severed ear regrown using 3D printer and artist's genetic  ...
b The International Air Transport Association expects airline profits to hit $18 bn in  ...
e Justin Bieber and Selena Gómez's Relationship: Bieber Shows His Love for  ...
m Bullying at school affects health 40 years later
b Here's Why AbbVie Wants to Cozy Up With Shire
m Sarepta Therapeutics Announces Proposed Public Offering of Common Stock
e Khloe Kardashian NOT Pregnant, Despite OK! Cover
b Simultaneously shop and annoy your followers with #AmazonCart hashtag
e Beyonce and Jay-Z Tour: In the Works?
m Being Called Fat Makes Girls Fatter
b Herbalife Stock Plummets As FBI Controversy Comes To Light
e 'Game of Thrones' premiere free on Xbox this week
e 'Happy' Iranian Dancers Finally Free, Pharrell Shocked Over Jailing VIDEOS
t Google targets Apple with fresh push on Android
t Osmo Turns Your iPad Into 'Actual Reality' Gaming Device
t Minecraft PS4 Features Larger Maps, Release Date before September
b PR Newswire
b EUR/USD: Overvalued Euro Might Pose A Risk To Recovery, Says ECB's Draghi
e Chelsea Handler To End Late Night Talk Show
e Long Distance Dedication? Hokey Casey Kasem stayed popular
e Leonardo DiCaprio accepts Ice Bucket Challenge as Matt Damon uses toilet  ...
t 'Flawless launch' for Space Station trip
e Tori Spelling opens up about hubby`s alleged infidelity on `True Tori`
e Watch It: These Short Videos Reveal What Happened Between "Planet Of The  ...
e 'Amazing Spider-Man 2' Swoops to $67 Million at Overseas Box Office
e Michelle Rodriguez and Cara Delevingne pour on the vacay PDA
e Chris Brown to Stay in Jail Until Probation Hearing; Rehab Dismissal Detailed in  ...
m Company Update: Biogen Idec Inc (NASDAQ:BIIB) – US FDA approves Biogen's  ...
e Tori Spelling sobs over husband's cheating in new Lifetime TV series
b Delays continue after 382 people and four dogs evacuated from Eurotunnel train
e VIDEO: Johnny Depp's Nudity Routine & “Chick's Ring” Have Our Attention
m Over-The-Counter Diet Pill Recalled
t Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 vs. Nexus 7 Specs and Price Comparison in Australia
e Channing Tatum & Mila Kunis Make Out In New Trailer For 'Jupiter Ascending  ...
e MTV Movie Awards
e 'Tammy,' movie review
b Hillshire Brands backs away from $5B deal for Parsippany-based Pinnacle Foods
e Saturday Night Live's Season Finale KICKS It Off With Jay Z & Solange! Check  ...
t Univision: Comcast deal may be 'bad for Hispanic audiences'
e Young Jeezy arrested after shooting at Wiz Khalifa show
e 'Fast & Furious 7' Resumes Filming in Abu Dhabi
t Apple and Comcast reportedly discussing a streaming TV service
e Millions ready for final season of hit US drama Mad Men
t Google wants to be Apple of smartwatches
t Nokia X2 Android Smartphone Unveiled; Price, Specifications Details
b The Business: Friday June 13 2014
b IRS Says Bitcoin to be Taxed as Property, Not Currency
e Lady Gaga Grabs "Real Housewives" Pup for New Music Video
b Today's Mortgage Interest Rates at Bank of America, Wells Fargo and SunTrust  ...
t Climate change poses 'immediate risks'
b World stocks lack momentum as investors await Fed meeting, eye turmoil in Iraq  ...
t Amazon Fire Phone is amazingly tough to repair, suggests iFixit teardown
m Could ADHD be a myth? One expert believes so
b Detroit still needs $350M from state lawmakers - NBC29 WVIR Charlottesville  ...
b Amazon.com Receives “Outperform” Rating from Credit Suisse (AMZN)
b CEOs Revise Forecasts Down
t Microsoft slashes XBox 360 price by 12% to Rs. 21990
b Fed's Evans sees no rate rise before mid-2015
e Jenny McCarthy And Donnie Wahlberg Engaged: See Her Giant, Sparkly Yellow  ...
e Review and trailer: Noah (12A) is a missed opportunity
e 'Horrible Bosses 2' trailer released
b Hewlett-Packard To Cut Up To 16000 More Jobs
e Cost Of A Day In The Magic Kingdom Rises To $96
b Buy The Dip In EUR/USD; Here Is Why? - ANZ
e This week in movies, TV and music
t Facebook to Launch "I'm a Voter" Feature Worldwide
t Another breach: eBay asks its 145M users to change passwords
t ExxonMobil: Carbon Fuels Still Needed To Supply Energy
t Watch: Tampa road rage tailgater smirks in video, crashes seconds later
e Hitting the road with a big splat
b Carnival reports increased revenue, income in the second quarter
e Drugs, heat and alcohol send Boston concertgoers to the hospital
e Breaking: ABC Renews 'ONCE', 'S.H.I.E.L.D' & Many More; Orders Rhimes  ...
b Disney 2nd-quarter earnings beat expectations, helped by 'Frozen,' 'Thor' hits  ...
b Business Highlights
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West face French law wedding dilemma
e Demi Lovato and Cher Lloyd tease 'Really Don't Care' music video - Watch
e Unfinished Easter
e Leonardo DiCaprio Joins Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu To Make "The Revenant  ...
b Irish manufacturing expands for 13th month running in June - PMI
m Smoking causes diabetes, colon cancer, new report says
e Press Conference Interview With The Cast, Writer And Director Of Transcendence
e Madonna does NYC jury duty
e Amazon Prime to get Exclusive HBO Content
b Job gains on best streak since 1997, but wages stagnant (Video)
e Miley Cyrus Flaunts Bikini Bod -- See the Pic!
b Gold Boosted on Safe-Haven Demand Amid Malaysia Airliner Crash Uncertainty
e sun reporter's week living like Gwyneth Paltrow
e Star Wars creator chooses Chicago
b Russia, China strike up massive gasoline agreement
e Kimye`s wedding guests to get private tour of Versailles
t Google Offers Bounty for New Signups at Google Apps
e Lena Dunham Does Naked 'Girls' Spoof On 'Saturday Night Live'
e Kim Kardashian At The Met Gala 2014: The Instagram Pics You Need To See
m WHO: Ebola Outbreak Could Infect More Than 20000
t US NTIA's plan to end ICANN contract puts Internet freedom at risk, critics say
b PopCap boss offers advice to Candy Crush-maker on eve of IPO
b Oil price: Brent sees positive supply news from Libya, Iraq
e Claire Holt Is Leaving The Originals
e Christ Bearer Used Steak Knife To Sever Penis While On PCP, Source Says
t Apple Said To Be Mulling Health And Fitness Services Platform
e Ali Fazal to fly to Abu Dhabi to join 'Fast & Furious 7′ gang
b Today's Mortgage Rates: 30-Year VA Mortgage Rates and FHA Home Loans at  ...
t Business briefs
b Factory activity in China gains steam, EU slows
e New probes after Harris convictions
b US ready to go Alibaba over $15b flotation
b Obama team criticizes Turkey for blocking Twitter
m Patty's Survival Story
e Len Goodman news: Is he really leaving 'Dancing With the Stars'?
e This Happened...Brad Pitt Throws a Beer to Matthew McConaughey From His  ...
e Ann B. Davis dies: Alice's greatest 'Brady Bunch' moments
e If they smoked a joint, then some of the One Direction boys are finally acting like  ...
e Director Marc Webb interested in Kraven The Hunter as possible 'Amazing  ...
e Beyoncé joins sister Solange on stage at Coachella
e Duke Porn Star Story Gains Complexity As 'Belle Knox' Continues To Do Live  ...
e James Franco: “If people have Franco fatigue, they should stop paying attention”
b Penny stock hits $6B-even the auditor perplexed
t Samsung Galaxy Ace 4, Core II, and Young 2 get priced
e Madonna's armpits – fake or furry?
m Tracking painkillers sales
e Mickey Rooney Has Died at the Age of 93
m 5 Miserable Afflictions to Avoid This Spring
t Samsung unveils the Galaxy Tab S with Super Amoled display; Pre-orders start  ...
t Windows XP users bribed with $100 off Windows 8 devices
e 'Frozen' songwriters to debut new musical 'Up Here' in La Jolla
t Honda Odyssey recall ties 900k minivans to fire risk
t Samsung ordered to pay Apple $US120m for patent infringements
t FCC Set to Say Goodbye to Net Neutrality
t Nintendo hit by sliding sales, posts loss
m Rise in skin cancer cases blamed on sunshine getaways
b Review: Amazon's Fire Phone breaks down walls with interface that watches you  ...
t Uber partners with AT&T to expand services
b 16.1 percent of mainland soil polluted: report
b Benchmark interest rate policy does not depend on the Fed: BI deputy governor
t Meet the Olinguito, star of the top 10 new species, 2014
e More than 11000 expected for 'birthday' at Field of Dreams
t Watch Dogs - The Wards ctOS Control Center, access code, forklift, hacking game
b Excessive benzene found in NW China tap water
e Craig Ferguson Leaving CBS' 'Late Late Show'
b EUR/USD Remains Above $1.3600
b S. Korean financial derivatives market further contracts in 2013
t Fossils of world's largest dinosaur discovered in Argentina
b SAC Capital to pay $1.8B US in insider trading case
b The Bond Market And Investor Quest For Higher Yields
b Family 411: Student Loan Debt
m Signs Of Alzheimer's Disease: How To Tell If You're At Risk
e Kimye Grace the Cover of Vogue
b Portland Teen Who Peed in Drinking-Water Reservoir Has a Point
t eBay hack leaves questions unanswered
e Transformers 4 Is the Loudest Marketing Machine Ever Made
t Queens Bankruptcy Attorney Bruce Feinstein, Esq. Speaks About the Issues of  ...
b Barclays Fined
e Church News 4-18-14
e Karrueche Tran: Why She Dumped Chris Brown
t Ebay hacked: Ebay tells users to change their passwords as personal info hacked
t GoPro Fetch captures your dog's adventures
e Wyatt Earp revolver sells at auction for $225000
t Apple building expertise in medical technology
e James Franco calls Lindsay Lohan 'sex list' lies
e Guardians Of The Galaxy - Guardians Of The Galaxy Sequel Set For 2017
t Google's self-driving car: What's it like and is it safe?
m MERS hospital workers in Indiana clear so far
e Maine chefs locked out of James Beard Awards this year
t Google Glass available to American public on Tuesday
t Apple: climate change is real and it's a real problem
b SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz LLP Investigates Claims That the Merger  ...
m Many Ivy League Kids Don't Think Taking ADHD Drugs is Cheating
e Peaches Geldof Instagram Photo Telling? Dead At 25, Wife Of Musician Thomas  ...
e Fast & Furious 7 Resumes Filming
b Average Mass. Gas Prices Highest Approaching 4th Of July In Six Years
b Bank of England minutes show UK policymakers united on keeping interest rates  ...
t Oculus Rift support coming to Chrome and Firefox
t Surgeons try working with Google Glass computer devices
m CDC: 1 in 25 patients contracts an infection during hospital stay
t Samsung takes on the Motorola Moto E with the Galaxy Core II, Galaxy Ace 4  ...
e 'Twin Peaks: The Entire Mystery' Announced for Blu-ray
t Canada Finally Names China in Cyber Crimes
t Microsoft will take on Apple's CarPlay by bringing Windows to the car
t 2015 Chevrolet Corvette Z06 Convertible First One Built Since 1963
e More Names Revealed On Lindsay Lohan's Bang List Including Orlando Bloom  ...
b Carney warns of earlier interest rate rises
e Why New York's Sept. 11 museum needs a gift shop: Susan Glaser
e BET Awards 2014 funniest Instagram memes
t NASA Rover Captures Artificial Light Emanating Outward from Mars Surface
b J.C. Penney Rises as Citigroup Analyst Upgrades to Buy
t Google's Larry Page envisions a world with less work
b US Judge Tells New York Bank to Hold Onto Argentine Bond Funds
b NTSB says 2013 Asiana Airlines crash due to pilot confusion
b Australian prime minister 'very confident' signals from black box
b Gold Rises As Dollar Slump Boosts Metal Demand
b ALERT: Pound Sterling Storms Higher as Bank of England's Unemployment  ...
t eBay suggets users change passwords after cyberattack compromises database
m Disease-Causing Bacteria Can Linger in an Airplane Cabin for Days
t Amazon Fire Phone Hands-On: Not Convinced of Its Hotness
e Beyoncé closes VMAs in finest fashion, with her family
e 'Daily Mail' sorry for George Clooney wedding story
b UPDATE 1-Devon to sell gas-rich assets to Linn Energy for $2.3 bln
e Your Soul Is Richer Because You're Not Watching I Wanna Marry Harry
e Crows Enjoy 'Air'
e 2014 'KUWTK' Spoilers: Khloe Kardashian Pregnant Divorce and Dating French  ...
t 2015 Chevrolet Cruze interiors revealed
m Experts Investigate the Evidence of Marijuana Use to Treat Epilepsy
e Spokesperson announces actress Jodie Foster's marriage to her girlfriend
e 'Game of Thrones' Season 4 Episode 2: Fans Rejoice and React on Twitter Over  ...
t Tesla's New Models Will Be Around 50% Cheaper
m Lawmakers worry that Medicare fraud crackdown has gone astray
b Argentina won't make bond payment in US
t Samsung Gear Live Gets The iFixit Treatment
b Fund Selector: Which bonds to choose?
t Apple adds more swagger with $3 bn Beats acquisition
m 4 Percent of US Adults Admit to Falling Asleep Behind the Wheel
b Tesla Motors (TSLA) Sees Modest Selling Pressure into Q1 Report
b TIAA-CREF to Buy Nuveen for $6.25 Billion -- 2nd Update
b Profit outlook boosts shares of American Airlines Group
e JK Rowling just published a new Harry Potter story
t Special Mustang marks milestone
m Gaining ground in heroin war
e Troubled Macaulay Culkin storms off stage after being pelted with glasses during  ...
e Emma Stone Joins Joaquin Phoenix in Woody Allen's Next Film (EXCLUSIVE)
t iOS 7.1.1 Boosts Touch ID, Keyboard
e LiLo: Sobriety is tough
e Beyonce and Jay Z's joint tour could be a game-changer
t GM says ignition switch linked to recall was made in China
m Mayo Clinic gets top ranking in U.S. News & World Report
b camera maker GoPro reports bigger loss
t Well known car makers recall vehicles because of potential for airbags to explode
b Pilgrim's Pride Bid for Hillshire Brands Co Puts Pinnacle Foods In Limbo
b Stocks climb after orders for durable goods rise - WBOC-TV 16, Delmarvas News  ...
t Gas Prices Rising In Lexington
e Exclusive Interview with James Gunn on Guardians of the Galaxy
e Air NZ to bring army of global Hobbit fans to Middle-earth for incredible once-in-a  ...
e 'The Cripple of Inishmaan' review: Daniel Radcliffe excels
e Jack White Releases “World's Fastest Record”
b Premarket: Euro hits three-month low after German data surprise
m Beef Recalled Over Mad Cow Concerns
b Hollande to hold talks with Alstom's GE, Siemens suitors
t Kiwis play part in discovery of new planet
b Talks on Alibaba to Kick off IPO in US
e Brittny Gastineau Given Black Eye In Hotel Room Fight, Alleged Attacker Claims  ...
e Macklemore Responds To Critics Calling Recent Costume 'Anti-Semitic'
e Grand Theft Auto V: Lindsay Lohan sues video game makers
t Dr Dre set to become billionaire
e Andi Dorfman Quits: 'Bachelorette' Ditches Job as Assistant DA
e Nicki Minaj Insults Iggy Azalea at BET Awards in Totally Unprofessional Way
b Google shares drop on worries over advertising income
e Supreme Court hears arguments in Internet TV case
e Rare stamp may fetch up to $20 million in New York
m The Lancet confirms Motörhead's reputation as one of the most hardcore rock  ...
e Disney to release 'Captain America 3′ film in May 2016
e You Won't Believe What French Montana Gave Khloe For 30th Birthday!
b New-home sales up, but sluggish
t No need for deodorant in space? NASA sends odor-resistant clothes to ISS
e WATCH: Katie Couric Interviews Aereo CEO About Its Upcoming Supreme Court  ...
e Kaley Cuoco-Sweeting, Henry Cavill broke up, but the paparazzi stayed
m West African leaders meet to discuss Ebola epidemic
e Which of Michigan's Olympic Ice Dancers Scored 1 Point Shy of Perfect on  ...
m Texas Confirms State's First Chikungunya Case
e TV Review: 'Tyrant'
e Dean McDermott: Tori Spelling Sex "Not Fantastic"
b Investigators eye pilots' actions in Asiana crash
b Samsung warns of 25 percent profits slump, 'sluggish' smartphone and tablet sales
e Pam Anderson: I Was Raped At 12
t Deep-Sea Research Vessel, Nereus, Implodes While Exploring The Kermadec  ...
e Madonna 'off hook' for jury duty
e Catching Up with Everyone in 'Game of Thrones': King's Landing Edition
e 'How I Met Your Mother' Finale Spoilers: Producers Hint How It Will End For Ted
b Sour Candy: Weak King.Com IPO Robs Chairman And CEO Of Billionaire Status
b China to build more railways to help raise number of urban residents as it seeks  ...
m Softball players take swing at cancer
b Yellen: Fed could raise interest rates to pop bubbles
t 'Flying saucer' splashes back down
t Visionary or loony? Zuckerberg on spending spree
b Apple has best product pipeline in 25 years coming in 2014, says SVP Eddy Cue
b Blackberry reports $5.9bn net loss for latest financial year
t Reporter Kyle Russell Attacked For Wearing Google Glass In San Francisco
b Bill to legalize marijuana in Missouri moves ahead in House
b Health insurers: Payment rates above 80 percent under new law
t Amazon Launches 'Dash' for Household Deliveries
m WORST SIDE ORDER EVER
b China's export growth falls short of expectations as imports rebound
t Graco recalls another 1.9M car seats, now largest in history [w/video]
e AP PHOTOS: Gay pride celebrations around the world
b Why GameStop (GME) Stock Is Gaining Today
m How A Megadose Of Measles Can Fight Cancer
m Ebola outbreak in Africa has minimal impact so far on educational exchanges
m California lawmakers reject sugary drink warning labels
e Springsteen among those to fete Rock and Roll Hall of Fame class
b S&P City Composites Show Home Price Growth Moderating
b Dollar falls on US rate hike speculation
e Fashion designer L'Wren Scott's death ruled a suicide
m Breathe Deeply: FDA Finally OKs Inhaled Insulin From MannKind
b U.S. Stocks Edge Lower
e Miley Cyrus Home Burglarized, Thieves Steal Jewelry And Maserati
e George Clooney, Steve Wynn feud turns fierce over President Obama jabs
b MtGox finds 200000 bitcoins in an old wallet, should look for more wallets
t IPCC graph of the day: how we doubled fossil CO2 emissions in 40 years time
e Melissa McCarthy continues her rise
t Apple acquires and shutters podcasting app Swell
e T.I. Responds to Floyd Mayweather Fight: I'm Fine!
e Benzino Interviewed In Hospital, Was Shot Twice [VIDEO]
e Starbucks to start alcohol sales in thousands of stores
b Weibo isn't exactly blowing the doors off ahead of its IPO
m WHO Formally Declares India a Polio-Free Nation
b Mortgage Interest Rates at TD Bank are Holding Steady on March 20, 2014
t PS4 1.70 updates coming your way. What's in store for you?
t World Cup 2014: fans around Birmingham gather to watch USA take on Belgium
t Fish and coral know when a reef has gone bad
t Samsung debuts new Galaxy S5 with up to $600 in freebies
t Will Apple (AAPL) Stock Be Helped By This Increased Price Target?
e Karrueche Tran, Chris Brown Split Over Inappropriate Texts? Model Confirms  ...
e Julia Louis-Dreyfus is naked in this photo, and that's not the most interesting  ...
t 'Toaster-Fridge': Microsoft's New PC Has A Few Problems
t Survey Suggests Xbox Owners are Switching Sides
t Sony Xperia C3 phablet
b IRS Debunks Frivolous Tax Arguments
e What Will The Amazing Spider-Man 2 Fans Get With A Regal Super Ticket?
t Marquez cruises to 'boring' Texas triumph for second win
t 'It's time' as Google launches Android Wear, Moto 360 and LG G Watch revealed
b Wal-Mart Stores Price Target Raised to $92.00 at Jefferies Group (WMT)
e Stepping forward: The real Colbert
b BSkyB plots acquisition spree to transform business and gets Murdoch's backing  ...
e Box office report: 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' still leads Memorial Day movies  ...
e 'Fast and Furious 7' Cast Update: Paul Walker Autopsy Alive After Crash  ...
b Target CEO steps down after customer data breach
e Mixed feelings for Gabriel García Márquez in his hometown
e SNL Gives The Official Explanation Of The Jay-Z and Solange Elevator Fight
b India election commission allows cbank to announce new bank licences
e British stars say farewell to Peaches Geldof
b For Morgan Stanley, playing it safe pays off
t Why I'm Excited for Apple's Messaging Upgrades
e The Voice Season 6 Episode 12 Recap: It's Sisaundra Lewis' World
t 2015 Chevrolet Trax Small SUV Comes to US as the Plain Jane Alter Ego of the  ...
t Wireless industry makes commitment to fight rampant smartphone theft
m $1000-a-pill Sovaldi jolts US health care system - WHLT 22 Connecting the Pine  ...
e Marvel Unveils Action Packed GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY Product Collection
e Banksy unveils new art piece - but where is it?
e Leonardo DiCaprio Set To Star in The Revenant
t Here are the features in the June Xbox One Update
b IMF chief investigated for negligence in 2008 case in France
e Peaches posts a picture with her mum hours before being found dead
e Rosamund Pike: Crazy Beautiful
t Nike Is Said To Be Killing Off The FuelBand
t Google's 2GB RAM upgrade for new Glass explorers angers early adopters
t Fossil of world's smallest hedgehog unearthed
b Stanford divestiture boosts climate change campaign
t Titanfall Review in Progress
e Craig Ferguson To Leave CBS' Late Late Show' In December
e AC/DC guitarist Malcolm Young 'too sick to play live' according to friends
b Japan posts current account surplus
t Climate change is getting worse, says major new White House report
e Watch: Julia Roberts receives Jimmy's increasingly big balls in the face on The  ...
t UAW: GM to move Cadillac SRX production from Mexico to Tennessee
t Qualcomm and 2015's Amazing Advancement in Wireless Connectivity
e Jenny McCarthy's next move after 'View' is a satellite radio show, with fiancé  ...
b Time Warner Reports Higher Q1 Net
e Ballerina, 27, leaps into Jagger's arms
e Superstar Jennifer Lopez receives 2014 Billboard Music Awards Icon Award
b Litigation Expenses Take A Toll, But Bank of America's 1QFY14 Results Beat  ...
b Report: Rupert Murdoch still 'determined to buy Time Warner'
m INSIDE YOUR HEALTH: U of M Study Links Energy Drinks to Unhealthy Habits
e Twitter a Homewrecker That Will Ruin Your Relationship, Study Concludes
b Wall Street Looks To Rebound Ahead Of Housing, Consumer Data
e [TICON-A VIDEO] Miley Cyrus leaves fans angry as she cancels gig 30 minutes  ...
b FAA proposes $12 million fine against Southwest for repairs
e Marvel Studios Has Found A Doctor Strange Director
b Whoops! Failed Exchange Mt. Gox Finds 200000 Bitcoins In 'Forgotten' Wallet
b Census Bureau thinks Shawnee County saw decrease in population
b Ohio Senate Committee Approves Measure to Allow Tesla to Operate Stores in  ...
e Five San Antonio connections to “Late Show with David Letterman”
e Gwyneth Paltrow And Chris Martin Split: Couple Escape To Bahamas With Their  ...
t Cyber-Info Sharing by Firms Doesn't Violate Antitrust Laws (1)
b I Don't Talk Positions But… I Might be Buying eBay – Icahn
t Tech tips: Add second layer of protection online
t Mars Gully Channel formed Three years back Spotted by NASA's MRO
b Ukraine incident is second lost B777 for MAS this year
t FCC is revising rules following public backlash
b Glencore sells $6bn mine to make peace with Chinese
e Hilary Mantel becomes a Dame in the Queen's birthday honours
b Why China is setting up an oil rig off in disputed waters off Vietnam's coast
e How to Discover Good Movies: The Secret Appeal of the Venice Film Festival
e Predator Gets a Reboot: Iron Man 3's Shane Black to Write-Direct
e Breaking: Taylor Swift Has More Money Than You
b S&P 500 falls shy of a record, breaks 4 days of gains
e 'Only two people are allowed in my delivery room': Pregnant Mila Kunis on  ...
b In the First 100 Days, Janet Yellen Puts Her Own Imprint on the Fed
m Organic foods provide significant nutritional value
t Legislation would require automakers to provide more information in fatal crashes
e Emma Stone Dazzles in Her First Woody Allen Movie
e 'War Has Begun' in New Trailer For 'Dawn of the Planet of the Apes'
e Yada yada yada: Our favorite 'Seinfeldisms,' 25 years later
e Macaulay Culkin's band booed, pelted
e Drew Barrymore welcomes her second baby girl, Frankie Barrymore Kopelman
t Google to launch voice-controlled Android smartwatches this year
e Connecticut Trio Arrested Outside Taylor Swift's Estate
e The Dragons make a comeback after 5 years!
t ICLE Tells FCC Non-Neutral Internet Can Be Beneficial
b Tourism surging in New England, even as the overall economy grows slowly
t Thousands of tons of plastic debris float on ocean's surface, new study says
e Megan Fox Suffered Abuse From Commuters During City Shoot
m Illinois resident who had contact with Indiana MERS patient tests positive for virus
t Scientists warn of tourism threat to Antarctica
m Seven portions of fresh fruits, veggies for long life
e Watch: Coldplay's video for "Magic"
e Drake (in disguise) asks the public what they think of Drake
t BUSINESS BRIEFING Microsoft Fights Order To Disclose E-mail Stored Abroad
b Portsmouth-based ship in Italy port for Syria weapons
e This Is Morgan Freeman on Helium, And These People Are Smarter Than You
e Tracy Morgan improving; no longer in critical condition
e 'SNL': Lena Dunham Makes Fun Of Nudity On 'Girls' (Video)
e Dave Coulier ties the knot with Melissa Bring in rustic Montana wedding with Full  ...
e Dozens taken to hospital with 'medical issues' at DJ Avicii show in Boston
t Mercedes Benz's 3 new cars for India: GLA, CLA 45 AMG, and CLA to rival Audi  ...
m Latest Top News Stories: MBIA Inc. (NYSE:MBI), MannKind Corporation  ...
b US GDP grew at 4% rate in second quarter
b FedEx charged with shipping illegal prescription drugs
b Daily Nugget: Gold Trading Below $1300 Pre-FOMC
e Get the Most Popular Beauty World News Stories in a Weekly Newsletter
m Dr. Neal Meropol honored as American Society of Clinical Oncology Fellow
b Check, please: Priceline buys OpenTable for $2.6 billion
e Kanye Claims Annie Leibovitz Is 'Afraid of Celebrity'
b Adjustable-rate mortgages make a comeback
b Huntington, local officials ignored in LIRR strike plan, lawmakers say
e Bad words from a good man
e Emma Stone Gets Blunt Haircut Ahead Of 'Cabaret' Debut
e VIDEO: Javert Sings Again! Watch Russell Crowe Cover Johnny Cash on FALLON
e Is Bachelorette Andi Dorfman engaged?
t Tech Bigwigs Tell FCC: Save Net Neutrality
e Olivia Wilde posts very snuggly picture of her new baby boy via Twitter
t Blackberry partners Microsoft for BBM Windows Phone app launch
t IPCC: greenhouse gas emissions have risen to 'unprecedented levels'
e 'Gone Girl' official trailer two
e At least 36 concertgoers hospitalized in Boston
e RYAN GOSLING 'HATED' RACHEL MCADAMS ON THE SET OF 'THE  ...
t Cloud Requires Comprehensive Security: Report
b Pound to Euro Exchange Rate (GBP/EUR) Close to Monthly High Following €1  ...
t Game of Homes: Google, Apple, and Microsoft
e 'Noah' Weathers Controversy, Takes First Place in Weekend Box Office
e Jurassic World set pictures surface
e L'Wren Scott's business deny rumors that she was in debt
t Here's a First Look at Amazon's Phone
m 3 confirmed cases of Chikungunya virus in NC
e Friends worry Zac Efron's using drugs as sketchy fight details emerge
b UK Economy Gets Triple-A Ratings Upgrade: 'Economic Recovery Will Continue'
t Google already receiving link removal requests over “right to be forgotten”
b Asian shares at 1-year high, bonds fly high on ECB hopes
b Banks to repay 3.5 billion euros of ECB LTROs next week - traders
e Angelina Jolie named 'honorary dame'
t Facebook moves into fitness and tracking
m Michelle Obama Takes on Republicans Over School Nutrition Standards
t Facebook shares take a hit following Oculus purchase
t Reports Indicate That GM Could Face More Fines Over Chevrolet Impala Recall
e 'Divergent' is weekend box office champ
b A Strategy to Cut Methane Emissions
t Samsung's new tablets feature screens with richer colours
b REPEAT: China's Exports Rise Unexpectedly In April
e Singer Mya denies Jay Z affair following cheating rumours: "Never did, never  ...
t NYCLASS Unveils Its New Horseless eCarriage Prototype
m Moment deaf woman hears for first time - video
e CMU Computer Club discovers new works of Warhol art
e Living Like Royalty! Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Continue Their Pre-Wedding  ...
e 'Mad Men' season 7, episode 2 preview: Pete's looking to start new?
t Dino skeleton to go on display at Creation Museum
e Voice of Tony the Tiger, Frosted Flakes mascot, dies
t Apple activates iPhone 5 battery replacement program, to swap out affected  ...
t Dating site OkCupid admits to manipulating user profiles in several 'experiments'
b Ohio attorney sentenced for stealing from clients
e Justin Bieber arrogantly argues with defence lawyer, pretends to fall asleep and  ...
t Friday the 13th Full Moon
m Milk role in women's bone health shown by research
t HP Spends $1 Billion On OpenStack-Based Helion Cloud Push
t The Full Rundown: Everything Apple Announced at Monday's Mega-Conference
e Whoopi Goldberg Pens Column on Marijuana Use
e 'Reading Rainbow' Revival? LeVar Burton Launches Kickstarter Campaign
b Slowing Home Sales Show U.S. Market Lacks Momentum: Economy
e The best and funniest celebrity audition tapes
t LG G3 vs Nexus 6 Release Date, Spec, Features Expected to Unveil by June  ...
e 'How I Met Your Mother' Ends After 9 Seasons
m Officials: 1.8 million pounds of ground beef recalled
e Third 'Captain America' movie to arrive May 2016
e Rolling Stones May Lose up to $10 Million on Cancelled Australian Dates ...
e Cannes Film Review: 'Foxcatcher'
e Gone Girl (Starring Ben Affleck) (Official Trailer)
t NASA Continues Cooperation with Russian Space Agency
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's Wedding: All About Italy's Belvedere Fort
b Forex Report: BoE To Issue Rate Statement
b Inflation across the 18-country eurozone has been revised down to its lowest  ...
e Kerry Washington Flaunts Post-Baby Body at 2014 BET Awards -- See All the  ...
m Running for five to 10 minutes a day may add three years to lifespans, study  ...
m 2014 Ebola Outbreak: 'Out of control… and Can Get Worse'; Nigeria's Asky  ...
t India-bound 2015 Volvo XC90 to get Android Auto
e 'Guardians Of The Galaxy' End-Credits Scene Leaks Online
b Cramer stops short of calling market 'rigged'
t Microsoft's Bing Offers Users A Chance To Be Forgotten
m Scientists release first-ever 'map' of gene activity in humans
e Brian Williams 'covers' 'Gin and Juice' in 'Tonight Show starring Jimmy Fallon  ...
b 'Chinese Twitter' firm Weibo to go public in US | Bangkok Post: news
t 2014: The Summer of Supermoons
b Tokyo stocks close up 0.68%
t Hacker hero video game 'Watch Dogs' to be let loose
b Dollar wallows near lows, Aussie rises on RBA, China data
t Oracle wins copyright ruling
e Elisabeth Moss on Mad Men's Final Season: 'I'm Staging a Sit-In'
m CDC: Man who met MERS patient has virus, not sick
m A mouse's fear of men casts doubt on scientific research
m Why e Cigarettes are Taking Over the Market
t Samsung Galaxy S3 Mini - Are You Prepared For An Upgrade? (vs Samsung  ...
b US Home Construction Fell 9.3 Percent in June
m Notable Movers – MannKind (NASDAQ:MNKD), Enertopia (OTCMKTS:ENRT  ...
e Twin Peaks fans in frenzy as David Lynch plans to release 90 minutes of unseen  ...
b Possible 5th underwater signal heard in jet search
e How Did John Pinette's Die? Comedian's Best Jokes And Quotes After His Death  ...
e Danica McKellar Engaged: See The Ring!
b Austria weighs EU exceptions to speed up South Stream project
b FAA proposes $12M fine for Southwest
b AbbVie to Buy Shire for $54.8 Billion in Tax Inversion
m $1 billion worth of unneeded brain scans performed each year
e Weekend Box Office: Moviegoers Pass Over New Releases
m Scientist who discovered Ebola frustrated by deadly Guinea outbreak
m 142 killed of Ebola epidemic in Guinea and Liberia: WHO
e Alicia Keys Reveals Second Pregnancy On Wedding Anniversary With Swizz  ...
e Hayden Panettiere Expecting First Child With Fiancé
b 'Pings' were NOT from missing MH370's black box after all: US Navy official  ...
e Chelsea Handler Naked in Shower During Ellen DeGeneres Fight on Chelsea  ...
t Android Wear: LG G Watch, Samsung Gear Live, Moto 360, Which is Worth the  ...
e One killed, 4 wounded in Los Angeles at unofficial BET awards pre-party
m The $1000 Pill That Costs 68 Cents to Manufacture
e Cospective Releases Frankie 2.3
t Facebook For iOS Updated To Version 8.0 With Several Improvements
m Entyvio receives FDA approval for the treatment of ulcerative colitis and Crohn's  ...
m Interaction between reduced sleep and childhood obesity further examined
t iPhone 6 Release Date Said To Be Delayed By Battery Problems
b Chief of California Public Utilities Commission Should Resign: San Bruno Mayor
t The Game Boy is now 25 years old -- What's your favorite memory?
m CMS Makes Medicare Physician Payment Data Available Online
e Megan Fox Joins Instagram, Looks Flawless in No Makeup Selfie
e New Jupiter Ascending Trailer starring Mila Kunis and Channing Tatum [Video]
e Release Dates Set for Steven Spielberg's Untitled Cold War Film and 'The BFG'
e 'The Bachelorette' bachelor Chris Soules: I'd love to ask Andi Dorfman two  ...
b 'Have you seen their golf course?': Valeant CEO slammed for false claims of  ...
t LG G3 To Be Announced On May 27th
e Tracy Morgan on the Mend, Showing "Signs of Improvement"
t Samsung Plans to Introduce Stand-alone Smart Watch in Summer Months
b Amazon launches its much-rumored smartphone – 'Fire'
t Corps to increase enforcement of boating under the influence
t Elephants Can Distinguish Between Human Voices
t Google Glass goes on general sale - for a day
e Aereo, an $8 TV service in Detroit, now under scrutiny by Supreme Court
e Original Superman comic sells for record sum
b Gold price down today
b Code red: Stocks tank on Wall Street
b On Piketty's Capital: What Is Wealth?
t Politicians try to jump-start Dodgers TV talks. 'Seinfeld' to Netflix?
e Irina Shayk Gets Naked As She Makes Her Film Debut In New Hercules Trailer
b ACSI Report: Customer Satisfaction With Airlines Remains Low
e MTV Video Music Awards fashion - the best and worst dresses from the red carpet
t 3300-Year-Old Egyptian Tomb Unearthed at an Ancient Cemetery in Abydos
t Google hit by 'right to be forgotten' requests
t Dem Mayors In Red States To Fight Climate Change As GOP Leaders Question  ...
b Chinese Tycoon 1
e Bears, reviewed: DisneyNature's latest Earth Day offering is sweet as honey  ...
t 'We live in an era of man-made climate change' - IPCC
e GOOP Goes Poop: Gwyneth Paltrow And Chris Martin Are "Consciously  ...
t New Dinosaur Was 'Chicken From Hell'
t Dating Website Admits It 'Experimented on Human Beings'
t RECALL | Graco recalls 1.9 million car seats over buckle problem
b US stocks fall as tech slump continues
e US Airways says lewd tweet was a mistake
e Can Molly win Eurovision?
m There's a 'Peak Beard' Phenomenon and We May've Reached It
t Options, implications in wake of Supreme Court ruling against TV-over-Internet  ...
t Marissa Mayer 'not satisfied' as Yahoo results disappoint
e Snoopy and Charlie Brown are Front and Center in the First Stills From the  ...
e Travel Channel pulls Adam Richman's new show after he says terrible things on  ...
e Zara Just Made a Huge Mistake With This Offensive Shirt for Kids
t Mozilla appoints veteran Chris Beard as interim CEO
e Robert Deniro Discusses His Gay Artist Father In New HBO Documentary
e 'Once Upon a Time in Wonderland' canceled by ABC
e 10 things we want to see in the 'Game Of Thrones' season 4 finale
b Amazon's Luxembourg taxes under scrutiny
m Number of 'Ebola' deaths hits 10 in Liberia
b Major Averages Lingering Near Unchanged Line In Early Trading
t US regulator finds no 'defect trend' in Tesla Model S sedans
b Snapshot: Consumer spending gives stocks a lift
m Saudi Arabia reports 10 more cases of Mers, death toll at 94
b Insider trader Michael Steinberg gets three and a half years
e Details About Ice Skating At Disney's Hollywood Studios Announced
m New vaccine arrests malaria parasite
e Aw, geez, 'Fargo' comes to TV starring Billy Bob Thornton as a psycho with a  ...
t Xperia Z2 vs iPhone 5S
t New net neutrality rules allows Internet providers to charge content companies
m Anti-Aging Gene Helps Boost Brain Power
b US Fed bars shareholder payouts from Citi, four others
e Miley Cyrus debuts new tattoo of her dog Floyd
e Coldplay releases new music video 'Magic' starring actress Zhang Ziyi
e Steve Martin Dismisses Father of the Bride 3 Rumours
e More New Songs By Ariana Grande Have Been Leaked!
m Headbanging Motorhead fan left with blood clot on brain
e Adele New Album and Music Release: Singer Teases New Record Launch on  ...
b Barclays to Cut 7000 Investment Bankers by 2016
e 'American Idol' Recap: Top 6 finalists perform
t Everyone is cutting their carbon emissions—except India
b Amazon rolls out Sunday deliveries, tests carrier drones
e TV NO LONGER A BAD WORD FOR ANY ACTOR – BILLY BOB
e Ann B. Davis, known as Alice on 'The Brady Bunch,' dies
b Alibaba Chairman Jack Ma's Dealings Raise Red Flags
e Lindsay Lohan Has Been On A Dry Spell & It Was All Her Decision! Get The  ...
e Kenseth aims for 1st win of season at Kentucky
m Underweight Deadlier Than Obese; Policy Makers Ignoring Problem
t Google Glass goes on 'one-day-only' sale in US
b Attempts to ban Twitter in Turkey fall flat
t New 'Big Bang' theory, but same problem: Man's theory vs. God's truth
t eBay suffers cyberattack, will ask users to change passwords
t Samsung's new fingerprint scanner easily spoofed
t What the Tech?: Robotic Fish Are Lurking in the Waters
e 'Fifty Shades' to be Challenged by Faith-Based Romance
e Booti-ful Kim Kardashian catwalks out of her SoHo apartment the morning after  ...
e How to watch the Bonnaroo Music Festival live online all weekend long
e Jonah Hill Apologizes for Anti-Gay Slur
e 'Modern Family' gets comedy series Emmy Award
b McDonald's sales decline as chain looks to adapt to changing tastes
b B+L's Parent Company Sued By Allergan
b Reports: HP Set To Reach Settlement With Shareholders On Autonomy Deal
e RIP Walter Dean Myers, children's book author
b Pakistan officials en route for talks with Taliban
e Watch terrifying moment engineers ride the world's tallest water slide for the very  ...
e Metallica: Glastonbury experience was 'sensational'
e Award Winning Actress Ruby Dee dies at 91
t Gas prices seeing big summer decline
e Kit Harington on Game of Thrones full frontal: 'It would have to be well deserved'
t FCC's 'Middle Ground' Already Under Attack
e Makeup Stained Bedroom Chair from Michael Jackson's Final Home Goes Up  ...
e “Devil Inside (INXS Cover)” Video
t Apple iWatch will reportedly debut alongside iPhone 6 on September 9
t Thursday Memo: Mustang mania … Husky sentenced … Small-town tenacity in  ...
e 'Glee' season 5, episode 12 recap: Last chance to save the club
e 'The Walking Dead': Update on spinoff zombie show
t The White House Wants to Save the Bees
m Type 2 Diabetes Complications Show Sharp Decline, Report Finds
e 'Draft Day' Review: A Crowd-Pleasing Sports Drama For Fans And Non-Fans Alike
e Man Films Celine Dion's "All By Myself" Music Video While Stuck Overnight At  ...
b Burger King in talks to buy doughnut chain Tim Hortons
e Kanye West & Kim Kardashian may be married: report
e Tom and Gisele's LA home is listed at $50m
b Twitter has 255 million monthly users, but posts $132m net loss
m MERS infections in Saudi Arabia Slows Down: Reports
b SEPTA Commuter Rail Strike Looms
m Perceived Barriers Limit WIC CVV Use in Arizona
m The UK is Importing American Sperm to Deal With Shortage
e 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier' is the most political (and subversive  ...
b Burger King and Orbitz are big market movers
m Angry with your partner? Hunger might be to blame
t Blind Luck: It's what saves Earth from getting destroyed from asteroid impact, say  ...
b SNB: no change to relationship with Credit Suisse after guilty plea
e No spoilers! Game of Thrones season 4 'Two Swords' preview
t T-Mobile putting Sprint to shame
b Siemens Buys Rolls-Royce Energy Asset to Catch Up With GE
e The Week in Spandex – X-Men: Days of Future Past, The Fantastic Four, Agents  ...
m Lawsuit Seeks USDA Response to Salmonella as Adulterant Petition
e A&E Renews 'Bates Motel' for Season 3
e 'Mad Men' Finale “Set In Stone”, …
b US new home sales rocket higher in May
b Ads Offering Tax-Relief Are Full Of Broken Promises, Just Want Your Money
b Macro Horizons: Iraq Conflict Shakes Investors Out of their Nonchalance
e Robert Downey Jr.'s Son Sings: Listen to His Song 'Buysexual'
e 'DWTS' Latin night: Shirts off, stars injured
b Tomnod website crashes after global search for missing plane intensifies
t Gold HTC One & Samsung Galaxy S5 Revealed. Coincidence?
t Option to Text 911 Available Nationwide By End of 2014
b US company earnings, encouraging economic data propel third straight day of  ...
m CDC reports third MERS-CoV infection in US
m Saudi health minister sacked
b Taco Bell Ridicules McDonald's Egg McMuffin in New Spot
e All The Scenes From The Trailers That Weren't In Amazing Spider-Man 2
t Microsoft PowerPoint for iPad review
e Tom Cruise secretly dating Laura Prepon
b Tokyo stocks open higher on U.S. stocks gains
t Comcast Finds Sweet Spot With X1
e Nick Lachey and wife Vanessa Minnillo expecting their second child
t Show Up at a Microsoft Store with an iPad and Get Office 365 for Free
e 'Dancing with the Stars' Recap: Season 18, Episode 1
e What Do You Think Of Olivia Palermo's Three-Piece Wedding Outfit?
b US economic growth for 4Q is revised higher
e Harry Potter is married, going gray in new Rowling writing
b Round 2: Yellen testifies on monetary policy report again
b Ferrari Promises a New Model Every Year, Will Keep Production Capped
m Researchers develop new antiviral drug to combat measles outbreaks
e State police to highlight impaired driving efforts
m High hopes
b JPMorgan Chase CEO to stay on the job while battling throat cancer
t You can install Android L Preview on Nexus 5 and Nexus 7 now
t NASA calls for 'active' meteor shower early Saturday
b Euro to Pound (EUR/GBP) Exchange Rate Up after UK GDP Despite Eurozone  ...
e 'Star Wars: Episode VII' Adds Two More Names + Fake Set Footage
b Wall Street ends mostly higher as earnings pour in
m Obesity linked to ADHD treatment, study finds
m Infant Mortality Risk Greater in Obese Mothers
t Cadillac Reveals Long-Wheelbase ATS-L For Chinese Market
e The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies Panel, SDCC 2014
t Ryan Seacrest's Typo keyboard for iPhone earns its first prize: A sales injunction
e Patricia Heaton plays a pastor's wife in the big screen family comedy “Moms  ...
t Oculus buys its own networking engine and makes it open-source
b Distressed relatives confront media
e Aereo under fire at Supreme Court
t Watch out Dropbox: Google Drive is now super affordable
e Jessica Chastain for True Detective 2?
t Journal defends Facebook 'emotion contagion' study
b Thousands march against GMO around the world
t Iran Court Orders Instagram Blocked
e Kids' Choice Awards list of winners: One Direction, Jennifer Lawrence win big
m Federal Judge uphold Arizona law on RU-486 abortions
t Nexus 4 Review: Cheap, Insane Specs & Pure Android [UPDATED]
t Microsoft's latest Windows Phone update expands Cortana to more countries
e Catholic organizations encourage ice bucket donations to Iowa City-area  ...
b 'Liking' Cheerios can forfeit your right to sue
e Kate Winslet left baby son behind for Los Angeles trip
e Author John Green's Paper Towns Is On Its Way To The Big Screen
t Google Glass Aids Doctors in Dermatology Research
t Gas prices fall to lowest level in four months
b Is mystery underwater sound the crash of Flight 370?
e Report: Lana Del Rey dating Vogue photographer Francesco Carrozzini
m Macklemore partner Ryan Lewis says his mother has HIV
t Xbox One to launch in 26 additional markets this September
t Netflix blasts Internet providers: 'Consumers deserve better'
e LaBeouf to face court
e Dance Tribute Honours Michael Jackson
t Recall: 692700 Ford Escape, C-Max models for airbags, door handles
t NOAA-led Study Shows Alaska Fisheries and Communities at Risk from Ocean  ...
b China shares slip despite property gains, Hong Kong flat
t Gas prices creeping up in New Hampshire
e 'The Magic School Bus' Reboot Coming to Netflix
e Katherine Webb & AJ McCarron Are Engaged! See Her Sparkler HERE!
e Nadine Gordimer is remembered -- and lives on in social media
t Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) May Announce Biggest Job Cuts In History-Report
m Death toll in West Africa Ebola outbreak rises to 121
e Sherlock Christmas Special Aims For December 2015
b Bacon Prices On The Rise As Virus Killing Millions Of Baby Pigs In US
e Jack White to Release New Album 'Lazaretto' on June 10
b Samsung to focus on cheaper smartphones as Q1 profit seen falling
b EUR/USD treading water near 1.3800
e J.K. Rowling's Harry Potter film spin-off to become a trilogy
b Apple's new retail chief granted $68 million in restricted stock
t Galaxy Note 3 vs. HTC One M8: Spec by Spec Comparison
m Fist bumps transmit fewer germs
e Church burnt by arsonist last year hopes to open by Easter
b BSkyB eyes Sky Deutschland, Sky Italia
e 36 People Were Sent To The Hospital During Opening Night Of Avicii's US Tour
e Shia LaBeouf: Actor Arrested During Broadway Play
t WatchESPN Apps Get Chromecast Support, Watch ABC And Watch Disney  ...
e Rapper with Wu-Tang Clan severs own penis, jumps off balcony
b Cramer: Antidote to 'Flash Boys'
t Netflix CEO knocks Comcast in call for stronger net neutrality rules
b Pfizer keen to engage with AstraZeneca board
e 'Real Housewives of Atlanta' star NeNe Leakes hopes she 'inspired women all  ...
b Family Dollar Results Miss View, Trims FY14 Guidance; Plans Job Cuts
b How not to be Candy Crushed by the IPO onslaught
e 'Game Of Thrones': Father's Day Is Coming; Worst Father In Westeros?
e Miley Cyrus Gives First Interview Post-Hospital Stay: “I'm Much Better” (VIDEO)
e Will Ferrell has a drum off with RHCP's Chad Smith on 'The Tonight Show'
b EXTRA Draghi signals ECB plans to act next month on low inflation
t Full moon, Friday the 13th: A busy night for police?
b Euro to US Dollar Exchange Rate regains some ground on data releases
e Box office report: 'Captain America' soars with $96.2 million weekend
t Andrei Dmitriyevich Linde: The Man Who Predicted 'Holy Grail' Discovery Finds  ...
t First Tesla Model S Crash in China is Painful to Watch [Photo Gallery]
b Medicare trustees: hospital insurance fund solvent through 2030
m Ryan Lewis Reveals His Mom Has HIV, Launches Charity With Macklemore
t House of Cards Season 2 Available in Ultra HD Thanks to Netflix's Upgraded 4K  ...
e VIDEO: Carson Daly Reveals 3rd Child on the Way on JIMMY FALLON
b Europe shares pause after sell-off; UK retailers sag
b Posted by Muhammad Iqbal
m Birth Control Microchip Could Hit Markey By 2018
e Fleetwood Mac Announces 33 City Tour
e Cannes Film Festival Doubles Female Directors To Compete For Palme d'Or
b Eurozone inflation slows to 0.5% in May: EU
b Ships collide in lower Chesapeake Bay thanks to high winds
b Did the Obama administration just lift the ban on US crude oil exports?
b Euro to GBP Exchange Rate softens as inflation data raises pressure on the ECB
t US states probe eBay hack
b 29 of 30 big banks pass the Fed's stress test
t Google Creating New 7-Inch Tablet Capable of Capturing 3-D Images
b Pfizer defends AstraZeneca deal as CEO braces for grilling
e Captain America: The Winter Soldier's $96.2 Million Weekend Breaks Opening  ...
m Second US case of MERS confirmed in Orlando
t No science fiction
t Destiny Structure Explained & Xbox One Visuals Improved Thanks to Lack of  ...
b CAA Explains Airlines Grounding
m Alzheimer's rate declines in US: Healthy habits and education protects brain
m The Ebola Outbreak, Three Weeks In, Is Dire But Not Hopeless
t Why Google's price cut made the consumer cloud biz a lot cloudier
e Eagerly awaited Jupiter Ascending delayed to 2015
t GM safety crisis grows as recalls mount 29 million so far this year
b GameStop Reports First Quarter 2014 Results
b AOL Q1 Profit Misses Estimates; Shares Tumble
b East Hampton Town Commits to 100% Renewable Energy by 2030
e Oscar organisers outline new regulations for music categories
e Girls Gone Wild founder booked on assault charge
b Time Inc. Will Go Public June 6
b Wells Fargo & Co. PT Raised to $53.00 (WFC)
m Polio's spread becomes international emergency, World Health Organization  ...
m CNN: Veterans Affairs Hospital Secret List Causes 40 Veterans to Die
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West plan birthday party for daughter North
t Bill Requiring Smart Phone Kill Switches Clears California Senate
t IBM announces iPad partnership with Apple
e 'Game of Thrones' episode recap: Jon Snow for the win
t The Last Of Us: Remastered For PS4 Release Date Revealed By Retailers
b Labor Day Travel Up, Gas Prices Down
b S&P index closes with record
e Johnny Depp subpoenaed in murder case
e Netflix outs Orange is the New Black season two trailer
t Japan's Antarctic whaling to be redesigned
m Cancer Stem Cells Found by Backtracking Mutations in Human Patients
e Noah premiere: Emma Watson on Little Mermaid rumours
e 'The Voice' USA 2014 Finale: Winner to be Crowned Tonight; Live Telecast  ...
b Three miners rescued after eight days at illegal gold mine in Honduras
e Today we celebrate Christ's perfect act
t New dwarf planet in the Oort cloud changes picture of solar system
t Sales Of Nest Protect Resume At Lower Price, Minus Potentially Unsafe Feature
b Despite weak growth, European Central Bank keeps rates on hold, decides to  ...
t Apple seeks $2bn from Samsung in new patent infringement battle
e Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson's Ripped Shirtless Body Is On Our Minds After  ...
t Amazon launches Kindle Unlimited service
m More than two-thirds of Americans support mandated coverage of birth control in  ...
m Massive Ground Beef Recall Due to E. Coli Fears
t Microsoft Surface Pro 3 vs. 2014 MacBook Air (11-in)
b April 8 Premarket Briefing: 10 Things You Should Know
m Lower blood glucose levels lead to anger and aggression at spouses, according  ...
e 27 beautiful moments from the Tel Aviv gay pride parade
e Justin Bieber models Calvin Klein; 'Hercules' trailer; L'Wren Scott funeral: PM Buzz
e Kim Kardashian Looks Just Like North West In Her 1981 Baby Photo
e Box office top 20: '22 Jump Street' collects $57M - WFSB 3 Connecticut
e The Aereo Supreme Court Case Is About to Change TV Forever
b Five things you need to know today, and is this the best Amazon.com sale ever?
e Rapper Rick Ross arrested after concert in North Carolina
b Asian shares slips ahead of Fed statement
e Mya denies rumors she's Jay Z's mistress following Beyonce's 'On the Run' tour  ...
e Kiss and tell: Nick Cannon reveals celebrity sex list
t Apple snatches tablet satisfaction crown back from Samsung in new survey
t Now you can make purchases via Facebook
m Bionic pancreas device controls blood sugar in patients with type 1 diabetes
e First Poster For David Fincher's 'Gone Girl' Searches For "Amazing Amy"
e Drive safely over Easter - EFF
m FDA readies new plan to reduce use of salt
m Health Care Coverage Under the ACA – Progress Report
e US actor Eli Wallach dead at 98
e Comic-Con 2014: The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1 – Watch the Teaser
b Relativity Media Bids for Maker Studios -- Update
t Apple (AAPL) Not Expected to Announce iPhone 6 or iWatch at WWDC Next  ...
e Local ordinances limit times for fireworks
t Celebrate Twitter's birthday with these sports figures' first tweets
t Going inside an ant raft
t Hey Google, something's missing from your time travel maps: Arizona
b Tent city for US Opens begin going up at Pinehurst course
m 'Ebola could be a threat to Britain'
t Samsung's next camera phone could be revealed on April 29
m Low-Dose Aspirin Regimen Cuts Pancreatic Cancer Risk In Half
e North Korea says US movie comedy is 'act of war'
e 'Brady Bunch' actress Ann B. Davis dies in Texas
b GRAINS-US soybean prices climb on rising Chinese imports
e Ginnifer Goodwin Marries Josh Dallas — What a Fairy Tale! (VIDEO)
t Samsung smart watch will monitor vital signs
m MERS patient who contracted illness in the US is not contagious, experts say
b Stocks Close Week with Small Gains, But off All-Time Highs
m FDA Gives 'Priority Review' to New Hydrocodone Painkiller
b No debris recovered in new search for missing jet
t Yamaha takes to the track in Texas
b ASEAN expresses "serious concerns" over China sea spats
b Drone almost collided with American Airlines flight in Florida, officials hear
t Clarence Fanto: Zuckerberg's investment virtual error?
t App Wrap: Microsoft Office Apps Now Available for iPad
b Greece's Eurobank gets green light for 2.9bn euro share issue
t EBay: Change password due to 'cyber attack'
e 16:43 - Nobel-winning author Marquez dies at 87
e Weird! Someone Wrote a Hype-Free Take on the Aereo Case.
e US Airways tweets graphic photo to passenger
e Sir Mick Jagger sings at memorial service of his late girlfriend L'Wren Scott
t LG to Launch the G3 May 27th in Six Cities Across the World; Possibly the G  ...
m 5 Sunscreen Mistakes We All Make (But Not THIS Weekend, Because Now We  ...
b Murdoch sets up sons to take over media empire
b Nationalist-linked Ukraine reporter found murdered
e Who earns the most money? Here's TV's highest-paid stars! Ashton Kutcher  ...
m Liberia suspends football due to Ebola
t Samsung Electronics Co: San Jose Jury Levies $120 Million Penalty
e Emma Watson Talks About What Comes After Graduation
e One Direction's Lawyers Looking into Leaked Video of Zayn Malik Smoking Joint
t Microsoft Surface Pro 3 Tablet (Video)
e Shailene Woodley Says 'The Fault In Our Stars' Is Her 'Last Teenage Movie'
e Hollywood stars shine at the Met Gala
e Candace Cameron overcomes body insecurities: Her weight loss and bulimia  ...
t General Motors announces 30th recall of year
b First Quarter GDP Plunge A Reminder Of Perilous Economy For Millions Of  ...
t 3.9 million Comcast customers Divests to charter communication
e Get clued in to 'Veronica' gang
e Justin Bieber Shooting a Calvin Klein Campaign in NYC
b Canada Revenue Agency website back up; Tax deadline extended to May 5
b Yellen foresees more low borrowing rates
b Flipkart acquires Myntra, to invest over $100M in fashion business
t General Motors Company Recalls 1.5 Million More Vehicles (GM)
m FDA approves Afrezza, a new inhaled insulin
b siliconANGLE » GHash gains 51 percent of Bitcoin's mining power, should you  ...
m ROMEO: Relay event attracts hundreds
e Death of Nazi art recluse
t Former Panama Dictator Sues Activision Over Call of Duty: Black Ops II
b Zillow Buys Competitor, Trulia, in a $3.5 Billion Stock Deal
e US rapper in "tempest in a teapot" Jewish row
e 'Raging Bull' suit gets another round
t GM Avoided Redesign Of Defective Switch In 2005 To Save A Dollar Each
e Emma Stone: I love Andrew Garfield very much
m West Africa on high alert as medics battle the Ebola virus
t Ram Unveils Euro-Style ProMaster City Compact Van
t How Apple Sees the Cloud: Not Like You Do
b Two Airline Jets Almost Collide On Runway in Amazing Video
e No, say it ain't Shia!
t Google reveals a panel of Glass updates to chime in with big US sale
b U.S. car, truck sales accelerated in March
t John Oliver Breaks The FCC's Internet With Net Neutrality
e Drunk Reese Witherspoon really can't say Cara Delevingne's name while in a lift  ...
t General Motors, NHTSA Under Scrutiny Amidst Recall
t Samsung Galaxy Note Pro 12.2 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 2014  ...
b Malaysia Airlines plane search LIVE: Missing jet's pieces found on Andhra coast?
t Astronauts Detect Smoke on the ISS
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West visit Ireland
t Microsoft expected to announce job cuts this week Reports
t Xbox One Sales Double in US Now Kinect Isn't Mandatory
m Social Media Campaign to Save Boy Denied Lifesaving Drug
b Global activity expected to improve further in 2014-15: IMF
e New 'Star Wars' film coming December 2016 from the director of 'Godzilla'
b The Australian: Putin buoyed by major gas deal with China
b Monthly retail sales jump by the most in 18 months
t Switchboard: Dissent in the ranks as FCC's net neutrality deadline nears
e Darren Aronofsky speaks at the premiere of 'Noah'
t Jury says Samsung infringed Apple patents, awards $119M
t T-Mobile customers urged to review bills after company accused of making  ...
e Bryan Cranston wins Emmy as best actor in drama
b NTSB faults pilot 'mismanagement' in Asiana flight - Fox29 WFLX TV, West Palm  ...
t SpaceX hopes to land a rocket at Cape Canaveral by end of 2014
b GM expands recall of small cars over ignition switch defects
e Skidmore College Offers Sociology Course On Miley Cyrus
e Chris Hemsworth and Elsa Pataky welcome twins
t Sony joins VR party, boasts Morpheus virtual reality headset for PlayStation 4
e Toni Garrn Goes Solo for Met Ball 2014 Red Carpet
t Asteroid Strikes (Even Big Ones) Are More Common Than We Thought
b Labor strife at ports could cost billions daily
e Crooked Beat in DC prepares for annual Record Store Day
t More vehicles recalled for airbags
b Malaysia Airlines MH17 crash: Stronger rules needed on flight paths, says airline  ...
e Harrison Ford out for two months after 'Star Wars 7' set injury: Reports
t Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) Takes Glass Mainstream At $1500
b [Ticker] ECB to meet less frequently
e Japanese architect Shigeru Ban wins top Pritzker award
e Kim Kardashian enjoys diet wedding cake
e Jason Segel Credits Judd Apatow For His Comedic Abilities
e Watch: Lana Del Rey - 'West Coast' video
b Panasonic Puts its Weight Behind Tesla's Gigafactory
m Could cannabis curb seizures? Experts weed through the evidence
t Destiny Multiplayer Modes Revealed
e Movie Friday: This Weekend at the Box Office (May 9-10-11)
b SEC charges hedge fund adviser over whistleblower retaliation
e Lindsay Lohan reveals she suffered a miscarriage
e Mila Kunis Reunites With Ashton Kutcher Onscreen in Two and a Half Men: See  ...
t Sergey Brin says Google will make 100-200 Self Driving Cars this year and  ...
m Study: Blood sugar levels could be linked to aggression
m Study says gay men app users face more risk of sexually transmitted diseases
t Apple Inc.'s share price up, reaches an agreement with Google Inc. to drop  ...
e Selena Gomez Wants To Support Justin Bieber On Tour?
e Legendary Confirms Gareth Edwards Still Attached to Godzilla Sequel
e 'SNL' Adds Charlize Theron and Andy Samberg as Final May Hosts
m State Officials Promote National Prescription Drug Take-Back Day
b Why Zebra Technologies (ZBRA) Stock Continues To Climb
e Suicides sadden siblings
e Kate Winslet Tells Ellen Why She Calls Her Baby Son Blaze
t There's a Google Doodle Rubik's Cube
b China Ups Security Checks on Tech Suppliers, Further Testing for Boeing 787  ...
e Seth Rogen, Judd Apatow blast journalist who suggested their films inspired  ...
t GameSpy Server Shutdown Sends 2K Titles Including Civilization and  ...
b Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA): Shares More Than Double In A Year
e Tupac Shakur's final words were 'F--- you': ex-cop
m Autism begins in pregnancy: Study
b US Debt Falls for First Time in 4 Weeks on Ukraine, Economy
b Yellen sees little threat to financial stability
t Who gets access to your online accounts after you die?
t Not Sorry. Facebook Responds to Emotion Manipulation Study
t Nomura Comments On Facebook-LiveRail Deal
b NTSB urges rigorous testing after 787 Dreamliner battery fire probe
t Word Lens to make Google 'Translate' augmented reality app
t Bill ensures Facebook, other accounts won't die with you
t Why Beats Electronics Is Worth $3.2B to Apple
b Drone access to US skies faces significant hurdles
b Despite Mayer, Yahoo leadership overwhelmingly male
t Heartbleed bug causing troubles for millions worldwide
t Microsoft unveils the Surface Pro 3 tablet to compete with laptops
m Study links pesticides to increased autism risk
t Skype To Get Real-Time Speech Translation Later This Year
t Toyota fined $1.2B for 2009 acceleration problem
e 'I want him to stay little!' Five-year-old devastated at realisation cute baby brother  ...
e ABC puts prime-time focus on diversity
b Gas prices for US as a whole have familiar look as summer nears
e Aronofsky's 'Noah' is everything _ except boring
t PS4 sales surpassed Xbox One in April
e Miley Cyrus Has A Nip Slip In Shocking Wardrobe Malfunction Video — Watch
m Imported Lassa Fever case reported in Minnesota
b Coca-Cola facing class action over advertising, labeling
b Argentina's default and Europe
e Game of Thrones Season 4 Episode 2: Who Died?!?
t After Aereo, what's next for online TV?
b Dollar General CEO Rick Dreiling plans to retire
m Mumps Outbreak Reported at College
b Bramwell's Lunch Beat: Inventory Surfaces as Top Accounting Issue
m Cloning Latest Advance in Diabetes Treatment?
e New York Pride: Best Twitter Reactions to the 45th Annual Parade
e Macondo in mourning
e Shia LaBeouf reportedly checked into rehab
e 'X-Men' Director Bryan Singer Accused Of Sex Abuse
e Will The Flash Have A Quick Cameo In Batman V Superman: Dawn Of Justice?
t The emperor has no ice
m India should help other contries to eradicate polio: President
e Kim Kardashian's Wedding Might Be Ruined Thanks to These Two Stars
b SP 500 closes over 2000 for first time
b GM recalls 3.4 million more cars for ignition problem
e UB Reviews: Techy Youth Will Enjoy “Earth to Echo”
b Chinese state-owned enterprises 'hired' military hacking unit
t Driverless cars mastering cities
e Mark Hamill to announce a CORVETTE SUMMER sequel in England?
e Jason Momoa Confirms Aquaman Rumors for 'Batman v. Superman: Dawn of  ...
t Amazon Kindle Phone Release Date, Specs & Price Rumours:
b Hewlett-Packard Company Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Wells Fargo & Co. (HPQ)
e WATCH: David Letterman welcomes Stephen Colbert on tonight's 'Late Show'
b Reactions mixed on emissions ruling
b Pentagon awards combat rescue helicopter contract to Sikorsky
e Mickey Rooney wife Jan Chamberlin learned of husband's death online (Photo)
b GM recalls 3.4M more cars for ignition problems - WSFA.com: News Weather  ...
t HTC One (M8) Unboxing and Tour
t Microsoft: Trade in your MacBook A...
e AP report: Legendary Johnny Winter of Easton dies at 70
b What Would Have to Go Wrong at Amazon.com to Make It a Sell?
e Kristen Stewart's role in 'Clouds of Sils Maria' pokes fun at the star's reality
t When Robots Can Kill, It's Unclear Who Will Be To Blame
b Correction to Fed 'Stress Test' Stories on Thursday
e Gwen Stefani Joins 'The Voice' Season 7 as New Coach
e Mad Men end in sight with Season 7
e Now That Jill Abramson Is Also Job-Hunting, Here's Her Advice for the Class of  ...
t Comcast Reports 1st Quarter 2014 Results
m J&J Reminds Doctors to Avoid Hysterectomy Device
m For Lehigh Valley area, mixed results in county health rankings
b Airline industry expects record profits despite Chinese slowdown
t Fossils of giant 'Titanosaur' found in Argentina
t Obama to Meet With TV Forecasters in War on Climate Change
t The best Android security apps
t Teen Driving: Safety First
b PH votes to reject Crimea referendum at UN General Assembly
b Justice Department Preparing To Sue Citigroup
t “Virgin Mobile Custom” Brings Flexibility to Data-plan Market
e Godzilla director to film Star Wars spin-off
e Why Is 13-Year-Old Willow Smith Photographed In Bed With A Shirtless Man In  ...
t Sector Update: Technology Shares Lower Pre-Market; BlackBerry Soars 11% on  ...
e Sara Gilbert and Linda Perry's wedding included the entire Talk crew
m Adjust Academic Calendar Over Ebola, Liberia Legislature Appeals
e Beyoncé, Pharrell Williams, 12 Years a Slave lead the BET Awards 2014
e Now Lindsay Lohan 'admits she is dating a married father in bombshell interview  ...
m American heroes fight Ebola, but they need your help
b Internal Revenue Service (IRS) Issues Guidance for Bitcoin, Other Virtual  ...
e Watch the gloomy first trailer for The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies
b 7 Things We Know Now About Obamacare
e Meryl Davis Posts Love Message To Maksim Chmerkovskiy On Instagram
e CFDA Awards Best Beauty: Rihanna, Blake Lively & More
t Sony confirms VAIO Fit fire issue, free repair and replace
e 7 best moments at MTV Movie Awards: From Kate Upton thrusting to Zac Efron's  ...
b Gold eases on US data
b Investors Bullish On TrueCar IPO
b Saputo to close four factories
t Office for iPad Update To Get Printing Support In Future
b Hillshire to Acquire Pinnacle Foods for $6.6B
t 'Godzilla Of Earths' Measuring 18000 Miles In Diameter Puzzles Scientists
b Protest in Bangalore against US biotech firm over health and environmental  ...
e Daredevils flock to launch of Spain's Pamplona bull-running festival
e Chris Brown trial in Washington on assault charge could start Wednesday after  ...
t Are 'Blood Moons' a Biblical Sign From God That Something Earth-Shattering Is  ...
m Rep. Dwyer joins Autism Speaks in shining a light on autism in April
m Samsung : Rest up, Mr. Lee
m The Isla Vista Attacks Through the Eyes of a Woman and Social Worker
e First Pics! Guests Arriving to Kim and Kanye's Wedding
t Eclipse viewing favorable in Sacramento for 'blood moon'
e The Madness of Matthew Weiner
t Amazon to unveil 3D smartphone in June: WSJ
b Utah Weekly Gas Price Update and Outlook
t Google I/O 2014 registration opens April 8th, applicants will be randomly selected
b USD/JPY is on recovery mode
e Bachelorette 2014 Spoilers: Does Andi Dorfman Get Engaged in the Finale?
t The Amazing Spider-Man 2 video game indefinitely delayed on Xbox One
b US Stocks Advance as Technology Shares Rise on Apple Results
t Google acts to stop NSA spying on Gmail data
b German Market Notably Lower
e Survivor: Blood vs. Water contestant Caleb Bankston dies in train accident
b Medtronic Buying Covidien, Becoming Device Colossus MDT COV
t Sony Xperia Z3 might not be compatible with T-Mo's 700MHz band after all
e Kevin Smith Says Ben Affleck's Costume Boasts 'Dark Knight Returns' Colors
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Developer Edition $599 at Verizon Wireless; Galaxy Note 3  ...
e First Look (Sort Of) at the New Batmobile in Batman vs. Superman
t Pandora bumps subscription fee to $5 per month for new customers
b Mondelez International Becomes Oversold (MDLZ)
e Seth Rogen's Saturday Night Live Monologue Gets Hijacked By James Franco  ...
t Microsoft amends email privacy policy in Hotmail snooping backlash
b US retailer Target asks customers not to bring in guns
e Elizabeth Olsen engaged to 'Very Good Girls' co-star Boyd Holbrook (Report)
b US EIA cuts recoverable Monterey shale oil estimate by 96 pct
t Sony Advises Consumers to Quit Using Some of Its Laptops Because Batteries  ...
e Tracy Morgan Now In Fair Condition After Crash
e Safety first on the Fourth | Be careful when driving, using sparklers
b Barclays plans to cut 19000 jobs
t Google Drive drastically drops prices for online storage
m Why Use A Fitness Bracelet When You Can Wear A Smart Shirt?
t PlayStation 4 surpasses 7 million units sold through worldwide
b European equities flat ahead of ECB meeting
t Researchers Spot Earth's 'Cousin' In Milky Way
e Review: 'Deliver Us From Evil' is loud and scarily awful
m 1st US MERS Patient Could Leave Hospital Soon
b EPA adds Norphlet site to Superfund site
b CoOportunity opens board nominations
b Organizers prepare for Arkansas' Big Bass Bonanza
e Saturday Night Live alum Andy Samberg returns to host this weekend's season  ...
e 'Divergent' Debut Sends Lionsgate Stock Sliding, What's Behind the Fall
e Karrueche Tran On BET Awards Red Carpet — Model Charms & Stuns As Host
m Time: Alzheimers Basics a Mystery to 80% of Americans
e Paul McCartney Cancels Entire Japanese Due To Illness
b Tech Five: AT&T sinks following DirecTV deal
b Bulls Pull The Dow Higher as the S&P Hits Another Milestone
e Tor Lists Every Preview Excerpt from George RR Martin's The Winds of Winter
e Liam Hemsworth reaches out to hospitalized ex-fiancee Miley Cyrus
e Christine McVie rejoins Fleetwood Mac
t Honda, Nissan and Mazda recalling 3 million vehicles for airbag inflators  ...
m Diets Rich in Protein May Lower Stroke Risk
b Job openings relatively flat
t 'Heartbleed' Bug: What You Can Do to Protect Yourself
m State records second death this year from West Nile virus
e Selena Gomez shells out $3mln for new home in Calabasas
m First lady challenges GOP on relaxed school lunch standards
e Peter Parker returns to 'Spider-Man' comics
e Video of the Day: Now this is how to use a GoPro
b Federal workers owe $3.3B in taxes
t Samsung SDI Unveils Curved Battery for Wearables
t The Oculus Rift Is Coming To Chuck E. Cheese
e Pop star Chris Brown's DC trial delayed for months - KTVN Channel 2 - Reno  ...
m Now an app to help travellers overcome jet lag
b Whitman: Job cuts are good for Hewlett-Packard
b Janet Yellen Jumps on the Failure Bandwagon in NYU Commencement Speech
b Vatican: Pope's private calls don't reflect policy
t Android Wear is Google's OS for smartwatches: Here's all you need to know
b Freddie Mac: Mortgage rates hit low for year; 30-year averages 4.21%
b Wall Street extends its uptrend for another day
t Xbox One to be launched for $600 in China on September 23
e Miley Cyrus Gives Away New Puppy Moonie: 'It's Just Too Soon'
e Southwest flight attendant makes passengers roar with laughter
e DDP Talks Meeting Ultimate Warrior In WCW, WWE's "Self Destruction DVD  ...
b The Uber dilemma
e Drew Barrymore pays tribute to dead half-sister: 'I wish her and her loved ones  ...
e R.E.M. frontman to induct Nirvana into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
e 4 Times We've Seen Kim Kardashian's Underpants
m Nestle ice creams being recalled due to allergen risk
b Indonesia's PMI rises to record high for second consecutive month
e Everyone Was A Winner At The Kids' Choice Awards (Except The Stars, Who Got  ...
t Google To Partner With Luxottica For New Glass Styles
b ASIA METALS – HSBC Flash PMI swings to expansion; base metals prices  ...
b Stocks down sharply at midday as earnings disappoint; Dow off 200+
m Report: Women at Epicenter of Alzheimer's
m Oh, baby! Massachusetts mom gives birth to 14-pounder
t Skype demos live voice translations, coming to Windows 8 this year
e Hundreds celebrate Cinco de Mayo at the Civic Center
b Occupy Central: More to come if government doesn't bend
e 'Sh-t Happens,' Which Is Why Robert Pattinson And Kristen Stewart Broke Up
t Former Dictator Sues Call Of Duty Makers
t FCC Chief Vows No Internet 'Slow Lanes'
t Letter: Hoeven should back Net neutrality
t iPhone users can now tag photos on Twitter
e Movie Review: Blu is back and tougher in Rio 2
b Court of Arbitration in The Hague obliges Russia to pay to ex-Yukos shareholders
t Middle Eastern nation to explore Mars
t Sony Corp.'s share price up, forms two joint ventures with Shanghai Oriental  ...
e Joe Manganiello Dating Sofia Vergara — Report (VIDEO)
e Beyoncé And Jay Z Release Star-Studded Movie Trailer For 'On The Run' Tour
b Abby McCloskey And Tom Miller: The Individual Mandate Goes Poof
b Daily business briefing: Ikea raising its minimum wage
b Tumblr Sponsored Posts Now Promoted Across Yahoo
b Fiat shares sink on plan financing
b Gold Ends Firmer On Bargain Hunting, Short Covering
t Marco Rubio makes a wrong turn on climate change
b Barclays sued over high-frequency trading
e Area churches announce Easter services
e Beyonce Leads MTV VMA Nominations
t World s largest water reservoir found deep in earth
t Lawsuit Alleges That Google Has Crossed A 'Creepy Line'
t General Mills takes away your right to sue if you print their coupons and more!
m Allergy season starts late but could be harsh across St. Louis
e Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Go To The Gym & Pop In The New Workout Plan  ...
b Dow average tops 17000 as June payrolls rise amid ECB stimulus
b Job growth points to economic rebound, but part-time numbers cause concern
e Kate Middleton and Prince William Attend Garter Day at Windsor Castle: Photos
b Update: SolarCity to acquire Silevo
e Angelina Jolie Brings Her Younger, Wilder Self Back For The Cover Of Elle! Look  ...
b How Lenovo is winning the world
e Channing Tatum, Jonah Hill, and Ice Cube Join Jimmy Fallon in Asking, 'Sup  ...
t Cereal maker: Like us on Facebook, give up your rights
b Memphis based FedEx charged with assisting illegal pharmacies
e Another nail driven into the coffin of childhood innocence
b FT: AstraZeneca Will Reject Latest Pfizer Offer, And The American Drug Giant  ...
b Adobe Announces All New 2014 Release of Creative Cloud
m Mom jailed for breastfeeding while drinking
t NASA launches test flight of flying saucer craft for future manned mission to Mars
b Q&A: What is happening in Argentina?
b In wake of Target CEO's resignation, data breaches rise as priority for chief execs
e Powdered Alcohols Don't Have Approvals
m Baby Gate Injuries Tripled In The Last 20 Years: Child Safety Measures Need To  ...
b Taco Bell President May Not Know What 4/20 Is, But He Knows What The Kids Like
e 'Magic School Bus' to magically return ... on Netflix, New York Times reports
b Longer-dated Treasurys Rise; Shorter-dated Notes Fall
e Wahlberg gets slimed at Kids' Choice Awards
b Barnes & Noble to split bookstore, Nook units
b FOREX -Kiwi rallies on hawkish RBNZ, euro eyes ECB speech
e Scarlett Johansson chops her hair ahead of wedding
m Chikungunya virus confirmed in Sedgwick County
m FDA panel throws dirt on Novartis' would-be cardio blockbuster serelaxin
e Prince Harry and girlfriend go public
t Dropbox out to be a home in the Internet 'cloud'
m Cheap food makes us fat, says report
e Comic-Con 2014: Lionsgate Releases New Teaser For 'The Hunger Games  ...
m A year after initial outbreak, new Foster Farms salmonella cases being reported
t UK probes Facebook over mood experiment
b More Lloyds shares to be sold off
e Harris guilty: Reaction 'sadly overwhelming' - Perth mayor
e 'Get on Up' a dazzling, witty look at the Godfather of Soul
e Did Jesus only become God at Easter?
t Flag Raising, Stamp Unveiling, & Reception to Kick Off Pride Month in Salem
m Dying Boy to Get Unapproved Drug After Family's Plea
t AOL hack causes zombie spam
e Emilia Clarke Reacts to Madonna's Daenerys Costume!
b Philip Morris Cuts Outlook on Weak Pricing, Fx Woes
e Exclusive: Ethan Hawke talks 'Boyhood' at New York premiere
t AT&T's Expanded 1 Gbps Fiber Rollout Could Go Head to Head with Google
b UK investors point to positives of Pfizer/ AstraZeneca deal
b Music on Grounds will be Friday at Sam Houston Schoolhouse
t Xbox One July update to add Snap Mode for Achievements, spoken language  ...
e Singer Alicia Keys pregnant with second child
e Revealed: Emirates' Star Wars filming
e Alex Preston American Idol “Story of My Life” Video 3/19/14 #IdolTop10
e Khloe Kardashian Flies Out With New Man French Montana
m E-cigarette debate smolders as NY, Chicago bans go into effect
b Stress Test Results: Big Banks Look Healthier As 29 of 30 Pass, Zions Fails
b Russia-China Mega Gas Deal Worth $400 Billion Over 30 Years: Reports
b Fitch Affirms and Withdraws FE's Subsidiary Ratings; Outlook Stable
t Keeping your child on the right e-track
e Barbara Walters Last Scheduled TV Appearance Announced As May 16
b Subway bread will be yoga mat chemical-free by next week
b Walmart offers less costly money wire service
e Arnold Schwarzenegger Teases Character Twists In 'Terminator: Genesis'
m Researchers: Blood test can predict Alzheimer's
m CDC report: 1 in 68 children on the autism spectrum
e Robin Thicke's Mystery Woman Finally Identified! Find Out Why This Photo Isn't  ...
m NYPD to equip more than half its officers with heroin overdose antidote
t Mozilla under attack for 'firing' CEO Brenden Eich for not supporting gay marriage
e Rolf Harris Receives Prison Sentence
e First Superman comic book sells for record-breaking $3.2 million
m Experts concerned mosquitoes spreading debilitating virus could come to the U.S.
m VIDEO: Thief pickpockets man who collapsed
e MOVIE REVIEW: 'Guardians of the Galaxy' is a sci-fi ride worth taking
e Ford's injury delays Star Wars shoot
b Michaels Confirms Breach Of As Many As 2.6M Credit Cards
m Stay safe in sun by knowing the best sunscreen options
t Lake view: What about the weather?
e Kelly Clarkson welcomes daughter River Rose
t Looming threat of the 'Heat Age'
t HTC One (M8) iFixit teardown gives a look at the insides
t Californian Mite became the fastest land animal
e Girls Star Allison Williams Will Play Peter Pan in NBC Telecast
t Global crackdown nabs 90 'BlackShades' webcam spies
m Chief Medicare actuary says Obamacare cuts unlikely to be viable in long-run
b Why the US is the wealthiest country on Earth — but not the most prosperous
t Soon, a watch by Samsung that works as a phone
e Ginnifer Goodwin and Josh Dallas tie the knot
e Melissa McCarthy: Expect More Funny Females In Movies
t 2014 Jeep Cherokee first drive review
e Discussing Solange Knowles' attack on Jay-z
e Mass. man accused of raping 17-year-old at country music show
b SunPower Corporation (SPWR), Google Team Up For Solar Lease Projects
t Galaxy S5 fans line up around (some parts of) the world for Samsung's next big  ...
t HTC One M8 resets the flagship bar
e Members Of The Hip-Hop Community Pay Their Respects To Ruby Dee [Photos]
t Beware of Fraudulent Heartbleed Password Reset Emails
b Groupon Inc (GRPN) Q1 Beats Street Estimates
m Students hang out big tobacco's dirty laundry
t Larry Page: Billionaire Google co-founder says 'People shouldn't work as much'
e 2014 MTV VMAs: Beyonce Performs Epic Medley And Dismisses Divorce  ...
m Bill Would Allow Responders Give Overdose Antidote
e Jason Aldean Is Dating Brittany Kerr After Cheating Scandal
b Forex - Euro extends losses, hits fresh session lows
t US Government Will Detail Internet Exploits, Except When It Doesn't Want To
b Medical device maker Medtronic to buy Covidien in $42.9 billion deal
e Comedy stars feted at Emmys, suspense for drama awards
m Peace Corps evacuates as 2 isolated with Ebola
t Suzuki Recalls Over 184000 Vehicles Due to Fire Issues
e Lucy Hale & Sarah Hyland Walk the Red Carpet at Billboard Music Awards 2014
b Despite strong Q2 results, Facebook cautious on new ad revenue streams
b (click the phrases to see a list)
t VW gives Jetta tech-driven refresh for 2015
t Advanced Micro: Wells Upbeat on 'Seattle' Server Chip, Future ARM Cores
e Candice Swanepoel named No. 1 on Maxim's Hot 100 List
b Here Comes Case-Shiller Home Prices...
t WWE Reveals Number of WWE Network Subscribers
e Fox Orders Gotham to Series
e Lindsay Lohan Sues Over GTA 5, Claims Rockstar Used Her Image Without  ...
e The Emmys 2014: Hits and misses on the red carpet
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S: One big blemish mars great Android tablet
e MTV Offers Live Stream Of Hangout Music Festival
b Stock Futures Decline as Geopolitical Risks Escalate
e 5 Things to know about Bachelorette contestant Eric Hill
e Mark Wahlberg avoids the green goo as Kevin Hart wins 1st award at Kids  ...
e Once Upon a Time in Wonderland Season 1 Spoilers: The Knave and Jafar  ...
t Report: Apple on the verge of buying Japanese chip maker: But why?
e 'Game of Thrones' picks up pieces from tragic third season
t UN Climate Report A Balance Of Science And Politics
e The absolutely true story behind a cherished American holiday
t Amazon to Buy Video Gaming Site Twitch for More Than $1B
e 'Batman Vs. Superman' Official Title Somehow Even More Embarrassing Than  ...
t Apple Planning 12.9-Inch iPad For 2015
b Kuroda confident about BOJ's policy effects on economy after tax hike
e Supreme Court Considers Case That Could Change The Way We Watch TV
e Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt's children loved watching Mr. and Mrs. Smith "play  ...
b Silver Demand Reaches Record Highs [iShares Silver Trust (ETF), ProShares  ...
b Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) General Manager in China Resigns
e Chris Brown Reveals New Single 'New Flame'
e Beyonce Cleavage Photo Heats Up Instagram!
e Will FX's New Family Drama Tyrant Rule?
e Report: Fox Casts FANTASTIC FOUR Reboot's DOCTOR DOOM
e Kim and Kanye dazzle in Versailles
t Facebook to require separate mobile app for messages
e Interview: Karen Gillan on the Suspense in 'Oculus,' and Becoming Nebula in  ...
e Meshach Taylor, actor in "Designing Women", dead at 67
e 'SNL': Goodbye, Brooks Wheelan
b Barclays To Pay $280M To Settle FHFA's Private MBS Actions
b Marissa Mayer tells you why you should try Yahoo
e Nick Cannon Reveals Lovers List; Disses Kim Kardashian & Reveals Details on  ...
b Bank of America to pay more than $9 billion in FHFA settlement
b BMW Group looks ahead to 2014 with confidence
b Chrysler loses $690 million on one-time charges
e Wild Justin Bieber compares himself to Princess Diana
t NASA's climate change satellite launches to watch Earth breathe
t Flappy Bird set to make a comeback
e Rare copy of first comic book featuring Superman fetches a record $3.2 million in  ...
t Facebook to Buy Oculus VR for $2 Billion
e Charlie Sheen 'Hammered' At Taco Bell, Stars Swears And Shows Off Tattoos In  ...
t Cisco: $1bn cloud play is not a covert direct strategy
e Solange Knowles Instagram Photos, Video: Pictures, of Solange and Her Son  ...
b UK unemployment steady; earnings growth quickens
b Who Are Favored To Win Tonight's Money In The Bank Ladder Matches?, Latest  ...
e PHOTOS: Thousands celebrate Fourth of July Fireworks' return to Brooklyn
t Amazon CEO Bezos introduces smartphone: Bloomberg (Video)
e George Clooney slams Daily Mail for 'irresponsible' and 'dangerous' marriage story
t Heartbleed hack case sees first arrest
e More cancer for Hugh Jackman
b US Service Firms Grow at Faster Pace
b Construction spending barely rises in May as homebuilding slows
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West have reportedly arrived in Ireland for their  ...
e Cameron Diaz Reveals All the Details Behind Her (Bare!) Butt's Big Screen Debut
b BNP Paribas Fined $8.8 Billion
e Stephen Colbert to CBS. 'Rio 2' will fly high. Down upfront?
m WHO warned against e-cigarette clampdown
t South Carolina DMV asks teen to remove makeup for license's picture
e American Idol Season 14: Who's Coming Back?
b Ukraine Seeks to Wrap Up IMF Talks as Crisis Roils Economy (2)
e Alexander Wang is coming to H&M
e Dancing with the Stars 2014 Results Tonight, Elimination Rules Changes  ...
e Justin Bieber visits Japan's Yasukuni Shrine
e Breaks Silence Following Hospital Stay ... 'I Was Poisoning Myself'
m Hospital continues to closely monitor staff who had contact with MERS patient
t Samsung Galaxy S5 vs Sony Xperia Z2: Camera Duel
e What I Learned From Miley Cyrus
t Facebook buys Oculus Rift in $2 billion deal, but Minecraft creator isn't happy
t New encrypted messaging app Chadder from McAfee
e So, Miley Cyrus isn't doing The X Factor then: “Simon Cowell has more chance  ...
e Ryan Lewis asks public what Ryan Lewis does. No one recognises him :(
e George Clooney's dating history
e Movie review: Kid adventure 'Earth to Echo' loves the '80s
b Twitter suffers £86m loss but gains users
e Tori Spelling opens up about her husband's cheating scandal
e Movie review: 'Transcendence' is a smart sci-fi action film
e Game of Thrones Premiere Leads To The Great HBO Go Crash Of 2014
t Self-Organization Most Likely Cause Of Namibian Fairy Circles: Study
b Family Dollar to Cut Jobs, Close Stores
t Facebook launches location sharing feature Nearby Friends
t Ford To Build About 2000 Limited Edition Mustangs in Honor of its Silver Jubilee
b Toyota Motor Corporation: Notice Concerning Distribution of Dividends from  ...
t Recalls challenge GM, frustrate owners
b Twitter posts gains in users and revenue
e George Clooney slams the Daily Mail for 'criminal' report
t Microsoft Ends Windows XP Support, Leaving it Vulnerable to Viruses
e Heavy drinking puts Sum 41 singer Deryck Whibley in hospital
t Former Microsoft worker arrested, accused of trade-secret leaks
t UK cinemas to ban Google Glass over piracy fears
b Rory McIlroy ready to get back to work
m New Coronavirus case reported in Jordan
m Pennsylvania writes Lyme disease prescription
e Terry Richardson: Sex, Lies, and Lohan
e Kiefer Sutherland responds to Freddie Prinze Jr's 24 comment
b Consumer spending up slightly in May
t Japanese whaling banned
e Madonna set to direct new film 'Adé: A Love Story'
e Journalist Starts 'Rubble Bucket Challenge' to Bring Attention to Gaza
t Ignore That Man Behind The Curtain...!
b Symantec Corp. (SYMC) Has Plunged To A New Low After CEO Ousted
e 'Game of Thrones' finale ratings up from last year (but don't break record)
b Oil slips as Libyan deal eases supply concern
e Veronica Mars' most devoted fans upset at their Kickstarter movie 'reward'
b TIAA-CREF to buy Nuveen Investments in $6.25B deal
e Adam Sandler Admits Blended Was an Excuse for a Vacation
t PES 2015 Listed For September Release On Xbox One, Xbox 360, PS3 & PS4
b Yellen sees no need to change monetary policy
b US stocks retreat; Nasdaq off 1%
m Supreme Court to rule Monday in Conestoga Wood Specialties emergency  ...
b Google keeps its cash overseas for M&As
e Nicki Minaj Celebrated 'Freedom' At Philly Jam Last Night
t Salina proclaims June LGBT pride month
t Next Up, Microsoft. McDonald's, Apple, Starbucks, Already Know China's Wrath
e Full Supreme Court to Hear Aereo Challenge
e 15 sage quotes from Gabriel Garcia Marquez
t AT&T announces pricing and availability for Galaxy S5
t Google, frame maker partner for Glass
e Chris Brown 2014 Trial Update: Troubled Singer and His Bodyguard Face $3  ...
e Bryan Singer X-Men director accused of sexual abuse
t Microsoft's freemium Office apps jump to top of iPad chart
m Life expectancy rises in poor nations
b Google named world's most valuable brand
b Wall Street Seeking To Rebound Ahead Of FOMC Minutes
b Philip Morris to sell Marlboro HeatStick
e For 200 Years, That Star-Spangled Banner Does Still Wave
t Apple, Google, Intel, Adobe to pay $325 mn to settle hiring lawsuit
e 'Earth to Echo': Young adventurers and their new alien friend (review)
t Get A Sneak Peak At Google's Android TV Controller
b Missing Malaysia jet LIVE updates: No engine data after plane went missing  ...
m White House: Red States Have Saved Federal Taxpayers $88 Billion By  ...
e Kim and Kanye Are Having a Low-Key Courthouse Wedding This Week
m What Are The Pros and Cons of E-Cigarettes?
e Zac Efron Broken Jaw Related To Drugs?
b Jobless Benefit Applications Dip
e Rapper Cuts Off Penis And Jumps From Second Floor Balcony In Suicide Attempt
b Nigeria is now Africa's biggest economy, surpasses South Africa
t Microsoft IE Zero-Day Vulnerability Exploited in the Wild
b Morgan Stanley's CEO Discusses Q1 2014 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
t Scott takes deep dive into climate change
t New York Times preparing new mobile app
b Fed may raise rates as soon as next spring, Yellen suggests
m Eating Fruits and Veggies May Reduce Death Risk, Study Suggests
b Obama order forces Philly rail workers back on job - Local news, weather, sports  ...
t Facebook buys virtual reality company Oculus for $2B
t HTC taps ex-Samsung exec for marketing magic
t Breaking news
b Yellen puts brakes on rate rise talk
e Video: Christie, Fallon Show Off Dance Moves
e Shigeru Ban wins Pritzker Prize 2014
e Sotheby's HK Jewels Sale Total Nears $107M
t Cisco To Partners: It's Time To Monetize The Internet Of Everything
e New Dramas, Returning Favorites Highlight FOX 2014 Schedule
e Garth Brooks Announces Press Conference On Website To Discuss Upcoming  ...
e Kevin Bacon Recreates Epic 'Footloose' Dance On 'The Tonight Show'
e Sofia Vergara, Nick Loeb split up, call off engagement
b Missouri May Block Tesla Sales
m Processed red meat ups heart failure risk
e Chris Brown's assault trial delayed again
b More Candies for Candy Crush Saga
e Abortion counsellor puts own surgical abortion video on YouTube
t Apple's Fashion Statement
b Covered California approves $89M in additional spending
t iPad Hacker Who Slurped Harvey Weinstein's Email Address Overturns Conviction
m Japan gov't urges laboratory to probe STAP cell paper
t Chaos in Iraq sends gas prices soaring; Here's where Oklahoma stands
t 44 Percent of Twitter Accounts Never Tweeted
b First Quarter Sales at Amazon Increase 23% to $19.74 Billion
e Yahoo steps up to Netflix, announc...
b STOCKS RALLY, GOLD TUMBLES: Here's What You Need To Know
m There Are Now 7700 Flavors and 460 Brands of E-Cigarettes
e Alabama's Jess Meuse on 'American Idol': Top 6 performance recap, with video  ...
e Beyoncé, Jay Z On The Run Tour Behind The Scenes: See Rehearsal Photos  ...
t Samsung Galaxy S3: Android 4.3 Bypassed In Favour Of KitKat?
t Facebook is creepy power fiend
t Reassuringly expensive The world can't seem to get enough German luxury cars
b There Were 3 Especially Weird Points In Valeant's Big Allergan Bid Webcast
b Samsung suffers in Q2 guidance
b FBI Launches Probe Into High-frequency Computerized Stock Trading: Report
e Holy Week: For Christians, days of sorrow on the road to Easter celebration
m How Much is the 'Lost Pleasure' From a Cigarette Worth? (Op-Ed)
b Dollar strength ebbs, threats of ECB action keep euro subdued
e Watch: The mashup trailer for Boyhood and Dawn of the Planet of the Apes  ...
b Chipotle to Raise Menu Prices For First Time in Three Years
t Bing implements 'right to be forgotten' ruling, asks applicants 'are you famous?'
b Gowex, the Spanish wi-fi firm, admits to false accounts for four years
b US construction spending expected to show slight acceleration in June
e You Must Hear This: The DuckTales Theme Song Gets An R&B Makeover
t Apple iPhone 6 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2 – The Smart Phones got a Little  ...
b Flight MH370: French and Chinese satellite images show 'potential objects'
t SpaceX Dragon Spacecraft Chasing Space Station for Easter Morning  ...
e Godzilla director Gareth Edwards set for Star Wars spin-off
e Country Queen Dolly Parton wows 100000 at Glastonbury with biggest crowd of  ...
t eBay 'not doing enough' over hacking – experts
b Coke aims for cool with 146-flavor dispenser
b Congressional Budget Office Releases Updated Budget Projections: 2014 to  ...
b GameStop Revenue, Market Share Surge In Fourth Quarter
e Julia Louis-Dreyfus blames Rolling Stone constitutional error on Veep's Mike
m Acne products with these two ingredients can cause allergic reactions
m New heart guidelines may put 12.8 million more Americans on statins
t Water-rich gem points to vast 'oceans' beneath Earth
t HTC announces the new One, available today in North America
m More Childhood ADHD Diagnosed And Treated With Drugs – Are There Other  ...
e Make The Most Of The Tribeca Film Festival
e Rock Hall Class of 2014: Fans hit Rock Hall simulcast to cheer bands, celebrate  ...
e Secrets rule Westeros in new `Games of Thrones' trailer
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Developer Edition heading to Verizon
e Miley Cyrus Gets So Turnt While Dancing She Accidentally Flashes A Nipple  ...
b Wintergreen Urges Coca-Cola to Address Conflicts Amid Buyout Speculation
b Calm before the storm? 4 reasons global stock markets could crash
e Gone but not forgotten: Breaking Bad among TV Critics Association nominees
t GM Confirms Cadillac SRX for Spring Hill, Adds Engine Investment to Site
e The Dark Reason Katy Perry Is Being Sued Over "Dark Horse"
b Stocks falter on retail report, violence in Iraq
b Google Earnings Report Shows New AdWords Ad Format Increased Click  ...
m Sexting Middle School Teens More Likely To Say They're Sexually Active
t Motorola Moto X+1 (X2): A Very Different Flagship Phone
t Gas prices up 1 cent in past week in W.Va.
e Beautiful visuals, thoughtful storytelling make ' Dragon2' satisfying
e Man caught after 'sneaking into Kris Jenner's home and coming face to face with  ...
b Banks unaffected by Bermuda downgrade
b Gold price at 6-month high as Ukraine, China prompt safe-haven bids
m Red Cross Baguio celebrates World Blood Donor Day
e L'Wren Scott's agent denies her business was on edge of collapse
t Largest Dinosaur Discovered In Argentina
b For women, a sad lack of progress in workplace harassment
e 24: Live Another Day Review Jack is back.
t Microsoft makes Windows Phone free for Indian OEMs but is it enough?
b Gold prices marginally weaker in Asia trade, await direction
m This Is The Fittest City In America
e 'Bachelorette' deals with death of Eric Hill
e Watch The First Trailer For Fincher's GONE GIRL
e Leonardo DiCaprio auctions off space trip at Cannes charity gala 0
e French court approves extradition for suspect in Jewish Museum attack
t App of the Day: Microsoft Office
e 5 Facts About 5 Seconds Of Summer, The Band Whose Name Kendall Jenner  ...
b SAP shakes up its executive board ahead of shareholder meeting
b Adobe Overhauls Creative Cloud, Here are the Important Updates for  ...
t Police stepping up seat belt enforcement
e Kanye wants eye scanners, helicopters at wedding
t WWE News: Official details on WWE Network in Canada via Rogers  ...
m Norovirus outbreaks said to hurt cruise industry image
b Sports Buzz: Should Washington drop "Redskins' name?
b Etihad to buy 49% stake in ailing Alitalia
e 'Brady Bunch' Actress Ann B. Davis Dies: 5 of Alice's Most Awesome Moments  ...
b Xamarin Delivers Same-Day Support for Amazon Fire Phone, Enables  ...
b Convergys Becomes Oversold (CVG)
e China Warns US not to 'Interfere in Hong Kong Affairs' over Democratic Reform
e Colbert arrives at Letterman's 'Late Show'
e Lea Michele Has Her Twitter Account Hacked
t A robot fish that could alter your image of robots forever
t Amazon to unveil smartphone in time for holidays -WSJ
m First Embryonic Stem Cells Cloned From A Man's Skin
b Here's What 'Business Class' Is Like on Europe's Ultra-Cheap Budget Airline
t Pelagornis Sandersi: World's Biggest Bird Was Twice as Big as Albatross with  ...
e Brad Pitt's New Orleans beer-toss to Matthew McConaughey is pretty meh
b Daily Market Report - Volatile US Session Closed Higher Yesterday, Economic  ...
t Verizon to roll out Voice over LTE later this year, will have 'robust' phone  ...
b UK Financial Investments sells £4.2 billion worth of shares
m Ebola outbreak in West Africa now the largest on record
b Bershidsky on Europe: More Jaw-Jaw at ECB
b Editor Note: For more information about this release, please scroll to bottom
b Existing home sales up 4.9 percent
b June jobs report shows US recovery is accelerating - WSLS 10 NBC in Roanoke  ...
t MBARI researchers discover supermom octopus which sits on eggs for four  ...
m Ebola outbreak: Ghana tests US man
t [Deal Alert] LG G Watch Available For 25% Off From AT&T Using This Trick
e Garfield-Stone chemistry saves Spidey 2
m Double Mastectomy Not Recommended for Most Breast Cancer Patients
b Crude ends on a down note as Iraq fears wane
m CDC outlines five incidents in which deadly pathogens were mishandled
e Muppets Most Wanted movie: Test your Muppets knowledge with this quiz
t Google to Upgrade To Android TV From Its Earlier Failed TV Venture
e The First Week Album Sales for Rick Ross and Pharrell Are In
b Fed, What Have You Done?
t Alibaba files to go public in US IPO
t Deep organic soil 'poses carbon risk'
t Pocket Your Samsung Galaxy S5 At Rs 51500
b Tesla slips to Q1 loss
b Tokyo stocks open sharply higher on US stocks gains
e Erykah Badu Tried To Kiss Newscaster During Live Broadcast [Video]
e Wireless Festival 2014: Robin Thicke names new album after his ex
e Keeping Up with the Kardashians: Kim to fall pregnant 'really soon'?
t New leak may give us our first look at the iPhone 6′s dimensions
e The Bachelorette Week 2 Spoilers - Group Date Bares It All, Craig Muhlbauer  ...
m UT health focuses on colon cancer
e Shia Labeouf - Shia LaBeouf arrested during Broadway show
t Tesla Motors, Inc. Continues Its Rapid International Expansion
e Brittany Murphy's 'Something Wicked' set to release four years after death
t Scientists spot the 'bang' in the Big Bang
t Intel to 'sell' DIY robots
e Jealous, Netflix? Amazon Hooks Up With HBO
e Gwyneth Spotted Kissing Ex
e South African novelist, Nobel winner, dies at 90
e X-Men: Days of Future Past Review – Second Opinion
b Ag markets are generally mixed in early Tuesday action
b Kerry praises Tata group for creating jobs in US
e Mila Kunis, Ashton Kutcher Make Out on Kiss Cam Day Before Pregnancy News  ...
b Scientific Games To Buy Bally Technologies for $3.3B
b Chris Giles Challenges Thomas Piketty's Data Analysis
e Did Taylor Swift Diss Selena Gomez?
b Forex - Japanese yen stronger after good retail sales, unemployment data
b PetSmart Shares Shoot Up On Jana Partners Disclosure
t Gas prices make slight dip in South Dakota, increase nationally
m FDA Approves Entyvio to Treat Ulcerative Colitis and Crohn's Disease
b Draghi's $1.4 Trillion Shot: Silver Bullet or Misfire?
b Barnes & Noble Splitting E-Reader Into Separate Business
e Home News Farley Mowat, acclaimed Canadian author, dead at...
e Knightley begins again outside comfort zone
m A Black Lung Breakthrough: For First Time In Decades, Government Aims To  ...
t Another View: EU fights Google for 'right to be forgotten'
t Google redesigns Android to power smartwatches
m 30 per cent of men in the Middle-East are fat: study
b Postal workers union to protest Staples-USPS partnership in 27 states
t Recalled Nest Protect Smoke Alarm Will Return To Sale In Weeks
e Freida Pinto stuns in nude feathered designer gown at the Saint Laurent premiere
b Elon Musk Thought Tesla (TSLA) Would Most Likely Fail
e 5 Things Emma Stone Could Learn From Woody Allen's Past Muses
b Pepco agrees to be sold to Chicago's Exelon
b IBM pulls in 28pc rise in Q2 net profit of US$4.1bn
e Watch: Arnold Schwarzenegger And Joe Manganiello Do The Nae Nae, Stanky  ...
t How to keep the XSS TweetDeck bug from posting on your behalf
t Good Read: Google Is Having Trouble Trying to Trademark the Word 'Glass'
t Youtube Might Buy Twitch For $1B. What Are China's Hardcore Gamers Using  ...
b MEXICO: BMW to build US$1bn factory
b Air cargo in the doldrums
e 'Game of Thrones:' Joffrey's 9 Douchiest Moments (Video)
t Apple's next big thing: Your iPhone controls your home
e Rihanna vs. Charlie Sheen Twitter, News & Fight 2014: 'Diamonds' Singer  ...
b Amazon.com-to-Acquire-comiXology
b Number of uninsured in states embracing Obamacare drops significantly
e Game of Thrones return is ratings triumph for HBO
t Tune in for the live stream of HTC's all new One launch event at 11:00 AM EST
e Batman: Arkham Knight Delayed to 2015, Batmobile Battle Trailer Released
e Stacy Keibler And Jared Pobre's Wedding Was Kept Secret From Close Friends
t Facebook research reveals bad content can depress people
t Tesla Reveals Name Of $35000 BMW 3 Series Challenger Due Out In 2017
e Weekend box office: The Other Woman beats Captain America
t Facebook to Buy LiveRail, Adding Video-Advertising Tools
e May 11 marks the 100th anniversary of Mother's Day
t LG G Watch and Moto 360 coming this summer: First smartwatches to run  ...
e Once-beloved Harris had dark side to a 'cuddly' exterior
e To 3D Or Not To 3D: Buy The Right Planes: Fire And Rescue Ticket
e Miley Cyrus, in hospital for severe allergic reaction, cancels Kansas City show
e Eppler: 'Noah' is both powerful and silly at times
t New Stock Coverage: Will Yahoo Pass Today's Bar Exam?
b ECB Action: 'Everything Is Possible….It's All on the Table'
e Kevin Costner gets introspective on 'Draft Day'
e Answers demanded over Brooks fiasco
t Visionary or looney? Zuckerberg on spending spree
e Kata O'Mara Dies
t NASA has re-scheduled its 'flying saucer' test flight
t Students measure Earth on first day of spring or vernal equinox
e Dawn of the Planet of the Apes Review
b Duke Energy to begin cleanup in Va. city
b Dilemma Of The European Central Bank: Can It Do Anything To Stop Deflation?
e Reason behind "Frozen" success
e 'Game of Thrones' 4.04 Episode Review and Recap: Oathkeeper
t Fox News Continues to Amaze. Uses BioShock Infinite Inspired Logo in Segment
b Major Averages Move To The Downside In Early Trading
e Let's Remember Celebs Besides Newman From 'Seinfeld' Who've Been Falsely  ...
t Watch Dogs Review: Bullets Over Broadband
t Microsoft releases Office apps for iPad
b Firm: 38 Studios Default Would Bring 'junk' Status
b BoE minutes echo Carney's warning on imminent rate hike
e Kiefer Sutherland as Jack Bauer in '24: Live Another Day.' | Fox
t Google hits back at the Google Glass haters in 'Top 10 myths' blog post
e Is Zac Efron dating 'Neighbors' co-star Halston Sage?
b Investment bank's conference returns to Sun Valley
b Alibaba IPO: Profits Soar as Investors Await Filing
e Marvel's Doctor Strange' will be directed by 'Sinister's' Scott Derrickson
t Looking for a Car To Keep a Teen Driver Safe? Check Out This List
t Nashville's per-gallon gas price average increases 7 cents
t Going inside an ant raft (w/ Video)
m Washington prepares for marijuana retail sales
e Stacy Keibler Married! George Clooney's Ex Ties Knot With Entrepreneur  ...
b S&P 500 index closes above 1900 for the first time
t India's cities make hazy Beijing look like a breath of fresh air
t Sony enters the Dragon with PlayStation
b Alibaba founder Jack Ma: From English teacher to China's Steve Jobs
m OVERNIGHT DEFENSE: $17.6B VA request adds to reform bill woes
m More than 200 people sickened after swimming in Washington lake
e Aereo Internet TV case: Supreme Court justices skeptical, concerned (has video)
t NHTSA investigating over 360000 Nissan cars for 'unintended acceleration' issue
e Zendaya Confirmed to Play Aaliyah
m Topless Florida Woman Wrecks McDonalds, Pauses to Guzzle Ice Cream
e 'She Made me do Yoga': Angelina Jolie Reveals How Stunt Coordinator  ...
e Eva Mendes' Baby Bump Revealed: First Look At The Pregnant Actress
e Your Week in Music: Stream the new Black Keys album, meet Gabrielle Aplin
e Angela Bassett to make directing debut with Houston biopic
b Bezos offers update on groceries, drones
t Supreme Court rules against Aereo
e Jimmy Fallon challenges Colbert to dance-off
b Stock market live blog: S&P 500, Nasdaq slump as biotech, Internet stocks slide  ...
t Google's Driverless Cars Will Just Kill High Speed Rail Like HS2
t To Control climate change across Nations, Obama proposes Climate Accord
e Marc Webb Hints Kraven The Hunter May Be The Amazing Spider-Man 3's Villain
t Titanfall Set for Midnight Release Event in Sydney
e Selena Gomez Turning To Taylor Swift For Support Over Kendall And Kylie  ...
e NY Post throws serious shade at Kimye wedding
b Apple reported to be close to a deal for Beats Electronics
t Energy Companies Target 'Dragonfly' Hackers, Might Lead to Nationwide Power  ...
e Fast & Furious 7
t Amazon Fire Phone: 5 cool features
e 'Oculus': The mirror is watching
e 'American Idol' recap: Top 4 sing about love, make judges gush
m Lack of exercise is to blame for bulging waistlines and obesity epidemic NOT  ...
m Express Scripts looks to force Gilead to cut price of Sovaldi
m Boston Marathon profile: Franklin's Mary Catherine Alexander
e Kaley Cuoco Admits Her Fling With Superman Got Her Publicity, In Case You  ...
b Colorado made $3.5 million in marijuana tax in first month
e Teaser Poster For David Fincher's Gone Girl
t JPL Gets Go-Ahead to Build 2016 NASA Mars Lander
e Robert Downey Jr. Tweets First Set Pic From 'Avengers: Age of Ultron'
e Murray crashes bachelor party, gives speech
b NY Attorney General to subpoena Airbnb on sublets - NY Post
t The Promise of a Ten Minute Charge, Without Tesla's Patents
t Watch The HTC One M8 Launch Live Webcast Here [VIDEO]
b Priceline Group Inc (NASDAQ:PCLN) among today's biggest disappointments  ...
t Apple Marks Earth Day With New Environmental Effort
t Company claims to have invented drinkable sunscreen
t US Attorney's Office Begins Criminal Investigation Of GM Over Recall
t Japan will continue scientific whaling in Pacific
m Maine leads nation in rate of long-term opiate prescriptions, CDC study says
b Pfizer gives up USD 117bn pursuit of AstraZenaca
b UK inflation sinks to 4-year low
e Donnie Wahlberg and Jenny McCarthy engaged
t Astronauts can now enjoy a cuppa every morning
e This "Godzilla" may not be the lizard king we wanted, but he's the lizard king we  ...
e 'Horrible Bosses 2′ Trailer Brings Laughs, But Will Movie Do the Same?
b Gold drops
t Android TV is Google's best chance yet to own your living...
t Microsoft Noting App Submissions With Windows Phone 8.1 Compatibility
b Philip Morris Seeks Review Of EU's Tobacco Products Directive - Quick Facts
m FDA: Fibroid surgery might spread cancer
b Tyson to Wall Street: You're overly optimistic
b Wastewater Injection Caused Oklahoma Earthquakes
m Michelle Obama's food fight with Congress
t Galaxy S5 For Verizon And US Cellular To Get Additional Anti-Theft Features
b World Bank maintains East Asia growth at 7.1 percent
m Laboratory-grown vaginas implanted in teenage girls
b FOREX-Dollar unsettled by dovish Yellen, yen stays on defensive
e Star Wars star Billy Dee Williams cha chas with R2-D2 on Dancing With The Stars
m Minnesota bans triclosan in hand soaps
e REVIEW: Usher new single 'Good Kisser' not quite a sloppy mess but it's no  ...
e Can Hermione From Harry Potter 'Have It All'?
e Keith Richards Writes His Second Memoir, For Kids
b Burberry Second-Half Sales Rise 13% on Online Growth
e B-ROLL - Karl Lagerfeld at Haute Couture 2014 - Chanel runway
m UPDATE: Pfizer Shares Higher After Finding Statistically Significant Reduction  ...
e 'The Bachelorette' Andi Dorfman: I get my biggest shock of the season next week
e Ryan Gosling, Ryan Reynolds Face Tough Reactions At Cannes Film Fest
e Jennifer Aniston keen to elope with Theroux
b AOL.com Article - Chrysler to drop Dodge minivan in wider revamp
t Facebook Is Reportedly Building Yet Another Snapchat Competitor
t Storyful team for Facebook newswire project
b Freddie Mac to pay US Treasury $4.5 billion on quarterly profit
b United Technologies to wins $1.3 bln US helicopter deal-sources
b Unnamed billionaire buys record-breaking $201M life insurance policy
e 'Grey's Anatomy' Season 10 Finale Recap: Cristina Says Farewell In 'Fear (Of  ...
b Toronto stays positive at noon
b Former CEO seeks to raise American Apparel stake
e Prince Harry, Cressida Bonas hint at royal engagement with Balmoral retreat
b Forex - Euro rises vs. dollar after CPI data
t US Regulators Warn Facebook, WhatsApp to Keep Privacy Promises
t GM issues more recalls; its top-selling vehicle affected
e Palcohol: A New Way to Get Wasted!
e Chelsea Handler's 'Chelsea Lately' to End This Year
t UK weather: Coldest August Bank Holiday EVER recorded and massive  ...
b Larson talks Social Security plan
t Elon Musk reveals details of the new Tesla
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West make waves in Paris, but where will they marry?
b Talk of ECB action grows amid Europe growth worry - FOX 32 News Chicago
e Actor Michael Jace told police he shot wife in LA, say officials
b U.S. indicts Chinese officers over industrial espionage
e Sarah Jessica Parker To Star In New TV Series
t Google's Android Wear plans initiate wrist wars; LG G Watch, Moto 360 to join  ...
t Flying Saucer to Mars? NASA's Test a Success, Two More Planned
t Did an Oklahoma TV Station cut evolution from Cosmos?
t See video: Tampa road rage caught on tape, crash goes viral
t US Cybersecurity watchdog issues warning to IE users about security hole in the  ...
e Beyonce tops Forbes Top 100 Celebrities list for 2014
t Mumsnet hacked by Heartbleed bug
m Higher socioeconomic status associated with higher rates of hookah use
e Cody Simpson voted off America's Dancing with the Stars
t Gas prices up 10.2 cents per gallon in the past week
e Sofia Vergara calls off engagement to fiance
b Gold Down On Upbeat U.S. Data, Gets No Boost From "Risk-Off" Day In Market  ...
t Nintendo announces iconic NFC figures
m CDC's near miss another case of shoddy security
e Wedgie? Jennifer Lopez Adjusts Her Underwear On Set Of American Idol Ahead  ...
e 'Planes: Fire & Rescue': Sparks fly in fast-paced Disney sequel
t New life: Scientists create first semi-synthetic organism
m President Obama is expected to nominate Sylvia Mathews Burwell for the position
e SHOCK SPLIT! Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin separate after over 10 years  ...
t Facebook Drones Part of Zuckerberg's Spending Spree
t Apple Would Find It Difficult To Integrate Beats Electronics
b U.S. auto sales show surprising strength in June
e Kanye and Kim's 'insane' wedding guest list is revealed and you won't believe  ...
m Hope for Alzheimer's Treatment: New Test May Predict Who Will Get Disease
t Microsoft's Cortana mixes AI with human-added humour
b Bulgaria, Russia push for pipeline
t Motorola launches the $129 Moto E, a durable and affordable Android smartphone
e Jena Irene Sings 'Can't Help Falling In Love' On American Idol 2014 Finale
m Check Your Beef! 1.8M Pounds of Tainted Ground Beef Recalled
t iPhone, iPads in Australia, NZ Hacked; Phone Owners Ordered to Pay Ransom  ...
e Is Beyoncé house-hunting without Jay Z?
m Could These 3 Biotechs Help Fight the MERS Virus?
m The African Ebola outbreak that shows no sign of slowing
m Industry-funded study says diet soda helps you lose weight
t Tech Five: LG may unveil a new smartwatch
e Floyd Mayweather Apologizes To Tiny After Fight With TI
b Philip Morris Int'l to sell Marlboro HeatSticks
e Chris Brown's assault trial postponed for the weekend
b Ladies Home Journal ending monthly publication, subcriptions
e 'The Walking Dead': Robert Kirkman on why you need to 'stay tuned for season 5'
e I and Nicholas ignore each other when busy: Jennifer Lawrence
e Iconic Hollywood actor Mickey Rooney dies at 93
b 17% of Mortgaged Homes Very Underwater; Negative Equity Reaches 2-Year Low
b John Kerry in India seeks to save WTO deal before midnight deadline
t Apple cheered by strong sales of the iPhone
t Will LG's G3 Destroy Samsung's Galaxy S5?
e Will Smith - Willow Smith Causes A Stir With Controversial Bed Photo
t Skype to translate audio in real time - the future has arrived!
t Sony Computer Entertainment Announces "Project Morpheus" - A Virtual Reality  ...
m Triclosan, Antibacterial Soap Chemical, Now Banned For First Time Ever After  ...
e Daddy's little girl turns one
e Watch Lindsay Lohan Destroy A Car In The Name Of HIMYM & Lily Tomlin
e Michael Jace: 'The Shield' Star Pleads Not Guilty to Murdering Wife
t Minecraft creator responds to Cliff Bleszinski calling him a "pouty kid"
e Our spiritual leaders' Easter messages
e Kim K. hits Paris for bachelorette party
t T-Mobile Offers Free Test Drives With iPhone 5s, Free Music
b Bitcoin is Property, Not Currency, So It's Taxable, Says IRS
e New 'Maleficent' Footage Is a 'Sleeping Beauty' Throwback
e Wu-Tang Clan Affiliate Andre Johnson Cuts Off Penis, Attempts Suicide
t Silent birds: 44 percent of Twitter users have never tweeted
t Auto safety agency asleep at the wheel, critics say
b Forex Market: USD/CAD daily forecast
b SF demands MonkeyParking app stop auctioning spaces
t Flash LiquidSmooth Android 4.4.2 on Samsung Galaxy S3 I747 - How to
t Honda is recalling minivans because of fuel pump cover
b Forex Market: EUR/JPY daily forecast
b China lost plane images 'a mistake'
t Ecclestone 'upset' with witness on Wednesday
t Obama: NSA to expose not exploit bugs like Heartbleed
e Liam Hemsworth breaks his silence on Miley Cyrus split
b Apple seen eyeing Beats Electronics for $3.2bn
e Animated work's limitations desecrate the original 'Oz'
e Blake Lively Rocks Quite The Boob Window! Ryan Reynolds Must Always Feel  ...
b Oracle's $5 BEEELLION acquisition zeppelin looms over Micros Systems
t You will shiver when you see the long, toothy fish caught in Nags Head
b Russia says Ukrainian troops loyal to Kiev have all left Crimea
t A surprising number of drivers ignore recalls
e UFP Easter Message
b Gold slips as Ukraine crisis abates on soothing Putin comments
t 'Blood moon' attracts stargazers, conspiracy theories
b Colorado Gets Its first Marijuana Vending Machine. No Longer Just For Soda.
b U.S. power plant plan further clouds coal's future
t Facebook changed Newsfeed to show how friend's posts affect your emotions
e Angelina Jolie is an actual Dame!!
b Can Lululemon Pull a Nike on Earnings Day?
b NVDA Jumps 5%: Q2 EPS Beats, Q3 Rev View Beats
t While US law enforcement tries to stamp out cybercrimes NSA 'hijacks' criminal  ...
e X-Men: Days of Future Past new official trailer delivers action
m Even in Healthy Placenta—Bacteria Alive and Well
b Game-Changer or Marx Revisited? A New Tale of Capital
b McDonald's CEO says company pays 'fair' wages following protests
e Local Faith Notes
b EM Morning Roundup: EM Gain On Flash PMI, Oil Price, Ukraine Cease-Fire
e NBC's Ann Curry aided by New Jersey Boy Scout troop
e Chris Martin - Chris Martin: 'Affair Report Is Totally Untrue'
b Shell to sell most of Woodside stake
t The Xbox One Will Be The First Mainstream Gaming Console Sold In China In  ...
e Jay Z Cheating Scandal, Divorce Rumors Continue: Beyonce SNUBS Rihanna  ...
b Columbus Dispatch Misleadingly Attacks Obamacare Enrollment Numbers
t With The Model X On Track, 2015 Could Be Big For Tesla
b Pfizer says its commitments to British jobs 'legally binding'
e Ronald McDonald gets a makeover, loses jumpsuit, takes on Twitter
b PRECIOUS-Gold retains losses as strong US jobs data, stocks drag
t Why Is Google Inc. (GOOG) Betting Big Time On Nexus Series Smartphones ?
t Kepler finds new Earth-like planet 500 light-years away
b Janet Yellen's Remarks to National Interagency Community Reinvestment  ...
t Samsung And Marvel Join Forces To Offer Exclusive Content Beginning With  ...
b Sector ripe for revival
b Troubled start on final day for healthcare enrollment
t This Teen's Simple But Brilliant Idea Could Save America $136 Million
e You won't believe what celebrities are being paid to attend Coachella
e Rest easy, Veronica Mars Kickstarter fans: WB will refund iTunes & Amazon  ...
t Device enables laptop-less live streaming
b Microsoft expected to announce Office for iPad
m 'Modest running' can boost health
e Jay Z Proves Navy Blue And Black Work Together At VMAs
m Novartis' dual-action heart failure drug aces trial
b The Amazon/Hachette Battle and Why It's Great to Be a Self-Published Author
e Paul McCartney returns to the stage after illness, helps couple get engaged
b Barclays's culture shift falters as U.S. suit cites deceit
b Status quo, firmly
b Facebook earnings call reveals 59% of its ad revenue now comes from mobile
e 'Lucy' low on logic (IANS Movie Review)
e TV Regular James Rebhorn Has Died
t US fumes over Europe's order to mute Google
m Arizona's New Abortion Law Survives Injunction, Takes Two Weeks Off Women's  ...
b Yakima County sees lower unemployment in April
t Facebook conducted hundreds of psychological experiments with few  ...
e There are dragons in the sky
b RBI likely to maintain status quo in monetary policy on Tuesday
b Asia: Pick-up in China manufacturing fuels gains
b Oil prices hold firm amid Iraq supply concerns
e Bryan Singer confirms he won't be doing any X-Men promotion because... well  ...
e Should a hashtag cost as much as your wedding dress?
b Police in Hong Kong arrest more than 500 protesters after massive pro  ...
b IRS Phone Scam Targets Indian-Americans
e Lily Allen Confronts Internet Trolls in 'URL Badman' Video
t The New York Times sets April 2 for the launch of NYT Now
t Honda, Nissan, Mazda Recall Nearly 3 Million Vehicles
m Saudi Arabia says MERS virus deaths reach 85
t World must plan for effects of climate change, researchers say
e Bachelorette 2014 Season Finale Recap: Does Andi Dorfman Pick Nick or Josh?
e Lindsay Lohan Comments on Her “Conquest List”
t Obamacare website facing new woes over “Heartbleed” security issue
e Lea Michele Remembers Cory Monteith on His Birthday
b Czech Manufacturing PMI Rises More Than Expected In July
e Jason Momoa tapped to play Aquaman in 'Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice'
m Can the tobacco industry shed its 'toxic brand'?
e #AskThicke, Kendall Jones, And America's Hate Fetish
b GRAINS-Soy dives on chart selling, bearish view of world supplies
m Mumps continues to spread in Ohio and Wisconsin
t Android v4.4.2 KitKat X-TREME Custom ROM Now Available for Galaxy Note 2  ...
b GM's top executive apologizes for deaths tied to recalled cars
b RPT-FOREX-Dollar's gains trimmed after US private-sector jobs data
b ConAgra cuts 4Q outlook on weaker sales
e Love and villains clash in sequel
e 'Game of Thrones' Recap: New Threats Emerge in 'First Of His Name'
b Tesco annual profits down 6%
b Samsung predicts a 25 per cent drop in second quarter profits
e 'Once Upon a Time in Wonderland' series finale confirmed; will have no season 2
m Federal Government Survey Dispels Myth That Rolling Back Marijuana  ...
b FTSE CLOSE: AstraZeneca shares jump to record levels and are up 14% after  ...
b Australian prime minister backs Obama's greenhouse gas plan as sensible steps
b A new day for ETFs
m FDA's proposed regulation of e-cigs makes sense
e The Bachelorette 2014 Spoilers: Andi Dorfman Slept With Nick Viall AND Josh  ...
b Italy's UniCredit posts record loss on bad loans, goodwill writedown
m New York's giant fizzy drink ban rejected
b Russia, China ink massive gas deal
b Analysis: Health care law to cost less than expected
e Daily Times church services
m Seven portions of fruits and vegetables daily lowers risk of early death by 42 pct
t Google goes to war against zero-days
b Battleground States in the Fight for Medicaid Expansion
m Stash of smallpox discovered in unopened closet at NIH in Bethesda
e Metropolitan Opera cancels controversial simulcast of 'The Death of Klinghoffer  ...
t Apple's Stock Split Is Gift to Retail Investors
t Toyota agrees to pay $1.2 billion over criminal charges
m Google's Newest Science Project: Defining Perfect Human Health
e Justin Bieber Allegedly Jokes About KKK and Killing Black People In Purported  ...
t Greener Termite Control Mechanisms Could Be Realized Soon As First Genome  ...
m Third MERS case surfaces in the US, no cure found yet
t The best April Fool's Day pranks
e America Ferrera shocked by prank
b PepsiCo joins Coca-Cola and removes controversial ingredient
b Stocks Fluctuate In Early Trading As Fed Announcement Looms - US Commentary
m Ebola Outbreak: Saudi Authority Ban Guinea, Liberia From 2014 Hajj
t Gas Prices Way Down, AAA Says They're Headed Still Lower
m County Highlighting Drug Disposal Program
m Candlelight rally held to raise awareness about AIDS
t Gas prices hold steady, may drop for Memorial Day travel
t Samsung reveals new Galaxy handset that hints at what our smartphone  ...
e Beyonce & Jay-Z Announce "On the Run" Summer Tour
b US STOCKS-Wall St edges higher during earnings flurry
e Nadine Gordimer, South African Anti-Apartheid Writer and Nobel Prize Winner  ...
t Iranian court beckons Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg to answer accusations of  ...
b Supreme Court Takes Up Teva Dispute
b Fed rejects 5 banks' capital plans, including Citigroup
e Macaulay Culkin's Band Booed Off Stage, Doused With Beer at British Music  ...
b NAB lifts cash profit to $3.15 billion
e Andrew Garfield Wants A Black Spider-Man Next
t NASA: Earth-sized planet may sustain life
b Murkowski: US oil export ban outdated
e Hugh Jackman Lists His Wolverine-Related Injuries
e Simon Pegg has become the subject of Star Wars Episode 7 rumours (Picture: AP)
b Wall St falls as retailers, Caterpillar weigh
b Markets Close Higher on Robust Retail Sales, Citigroup Beat
e Ellen and Portia 'working through issues'
t Verizon Says US Data Requests Declined in First Half
m Cannabis use and risks of serious heart problems
b Libyan rebels to reopen two eastern oil ports on Sunday
e Leonardo DiCaprio and Danny Boyle May Tackle the Aaron Sorkin-Scripted  ...
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 launch draws closer as phablet enters mass production  ...
t Newbie 'nauts and Russian pal blast off to Space Station
e Adam Levine's stylist dishes out on singer's drastic hair change
t Leaked Destiny Alpha Gameplay Appears on the Internet
b Tokyo shares fall on strong yen, weak offshore lead
t Facebook Swears 'Ask' Button Isn't Just For Creeping
t American Lung Association "State of the Air 2014" Shows Memphis Air Quality  ...
m Sentinel & Enterprise
e Man creates music video for Celine Dion song in empty airport
e VIDEO: Scarlett Johansson Opens Up
t NSA said to have exploited Heartbleed bug, exposing consumers
t Gas prices dip locally, nationally
t Exclusive: Diane von Furstenberg Designs for Google Glass
b Microsoft Surface sales rise 50 per cent year on year
e Zack Snyder Drops Tidbits On Clark Kent And "Buff & Ripped" Wonder Woman
e Draft of Dylan's 'Like a Rolling Stone' Could Sell for $2M
b GM recalls - car lot in Michigan
e Robin Thicke's #AskThicke Twitter Q&A Goes Amazingly Awry
m PetSmart, Petco To Stop Selling Treats Made In China
t Facebook Looks to Drones, Lasers and Satellites to Provide Internet Access
b FAA official: Drone, jetliner nearly collided over Fla.
e Police: Actor told 911 he shot wife in Los Angeles - 13abc.com Toledo (OH  ...
e Brunei law on gays, women sparks Beverly Hills Hotel boycott
b State adds 8100 jobs in March
e Sofia Coppola Will Direct The Live-Action 'Little Mermaid' Remake
e TRANSFORMERS: AGE OF EXTINCTION – The Review
b Oracle to acquire Columbia-based Micros Systems for $5.3 billion
b Fight Amazon by recognizing its teeth
t Softbank CEO promises “massive pricing war” with T-Mobile merger
t Apple seeking sales block of nine Samsung phones after tepid lawsuit victory
b Virus Causing Bacon, Pork Prices to Soar
e Justin Bieber gets close to Selena Gomez as pair are inseparable at Coachella
b Amazon Publically States their Position on Hachette eBook Dispute
m MERS In The US: What Are Your Risks?
b Euro-zone unemployment stable at 11.9% in February
e Aaliyah Biopic Casts Zendaya Coleman in Lead Role
b Fed expected to make sixth reduction in bond purchases at this week's meeting
t Why you may want to buy a BlackBerry again
e Former ER Star Files For Bankruptcy! Someone Call A Money Medic!
t Amazon set to unveil its first smartphone
t Mysterious, Ambitious OnePlus One Smartphone Images Leak
t Luke Smith
e Justin Bieber detained for several hours at LAX airport
b U.S. Added 281000 Jobs in June: ADP
b Staples and Urban Outfitters report mixed results, Home Depot misses
t Europe and South Korea in “landmark agreement” on 5G
m WHO: Priority actions needed to end West Africa Ebola outbreak
e Justin Bieber and Chris Brown team up duet no one wants to hear
e Home WhatsOn 'X-Men' atop holiday opener bests with $111M
b Etihad: Daily flights between Abu Dhabi and Larnaca
b Amazon Will Pay Workers $5000 to Quit
m Older sperm donors 'just as good' for IVF success
b Gov't fires back at Griesa, reiterates BoNY has to pay bondholders
e Robert Pattinson Did NOT "Ignore" Katy Perry At The Rover After-Party
b Broken water main floods UCLA campus
e Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson faces a lion in new trailer for Brett Ratner's 'Hercules'
e Journey to Easter: The Last Supper
e Seth Rogen BLASTS Journalist Who Linked Him to Elliot Rodger
m Yes, It's A Headache. No, I Didn't Need That Brain Scan
e Jay-Z and Beyonce News: Singers Show Justin Bieber Mugshot During  ...
e 'American Idol:' Artist development in sinkhole with ratings
b GM recall charge at $700m as tally hits 20 million
t Gas price update: Modest decline continues locally, nationally
t Scientists confirm the existence of the heaviest element ever seen
e Garth Brooks Cancels All Dublin, Ireland, Comeback Shows
e Selena Gomez Gets 'Love Yourself' Tattoo in Arabic
e Kim Kardashian - Kim Kardashian and Kanye West are married
e Remembering Ruby Dee: 5 great performances
t Xbox Original 'Halo' TV Series May Come To Showtime Before Xbox Live  ...
b S&P 500 Recedes from All-Time Highs
b Rent your dream car: Companies offering more exotic makes for splurging tourists
t Shakopee-area gas prices hold steady
t Facebook goes down worldwide
e Miley Cyrus Performs In Underwear After Messing Up Quick Change During  ...
e Karrueche Tran Posts Video of Chris Brown Sending Message to Fans From Jail
t Parties promise to address climate change issues
e Justin Bieber and Chris Brown Together Again!
b Blackstone's La Quinta Rises After Pricing Stock Sale Low
m Beef Recalled Due to Fear of Mad Cow Disease
e Plagiarism Controversy Behind Led Zeppelin's "Stairway" Resurfaces
t Nintendo planning lower-priced console for new markets
e Comeback concerts canceled
t Oyster Builds 500000 E-Book Empire
t Gorilla at Mozilla
b Amazon's ComiXology Acquisition Has Some Readers Concerned
e British police probing Peaches Geldof's death
b Boeing revenues rise in Q1 on increased deliveries
b Quicken Loans, Wells Fargo: Thursday's Interest Rates for Home Mortgages Mar  ...
b American Apparel's Next Step Is Likely The Courthouse
t Health Care Site Flagged in Heartbleed Review
m Baby gates not as safe as parents think, study finds
t Comcast promises more innovation if regulators approve Time Warner deal
b YUM Brands explores small formats, destination items and chicken delivery
e Five Reasons You Shouldn't Miss Next Year's Comic-Con Event
e Jihad against Jews and the coming European exodus
b Drink firms target chemical
b Greece has more opportunities than difficulties, Merkel says in Athens
e Brad Pitt Tosses Matthew McConaughey Beer From New Orleans Balcony
b GM's Mary Barra Wants to Talk Cars but Recall Questions Reign
e Neil Young's PonoMusic Launches AT SXSW 2014
m Not Just Smallpox - Influenza Vials, Others Found In Forgotten Storage, Too
b West rushes through financial lifeline for Ukraine
t Apple And Samsung Going Back To Court After Apple Sues For $2 Billion
b Poll: Do you think the Washington Redskins should change their nickname?
b Georgia's jobless rate rises to 7.2 percent
t Ghanaian banks ordered to upgrade ATM operating systems
e Paula David – Fourth Estate Cooperative Reporter
b Twitter Scores, Picks Anthony Noto of Goldman Sachs as CFO
e The Dream charged in assault case
t 'The NSA' Masqueraded as 'Facebook' to Spread Malware on User PCs
b Colin Kaerpernick Tweets Innocence in Sexual Investigation
e Miley Cyrus Lashes Out at "Lame" Haters, Is "Miserable" in Hospital
e Emma Stone Discusses Gwen Stacy's Fate in 'Amazing Spider-Man' Franchise
b Houston, we have a problem: Midair collision of two planes narrowly averted
b Fed chief signals a more aggressive stance on banks
t Tim Cook takes the stage at Apple WWDC to show off a more open Apple
t Apple to Integrate Heart Rate Sensor in Earphones
b World stocks rise on strong US jobs report
e Jessica Simpson was a "beautiful golden girl" on her wedding day
e Star Wars Episode VII Set Video Shows Off “Alien” Puppet
b AG Schneiderman Applauds President Obama's Plan To Reduce Methane  ...
e Meryl Davis advances to DWTS final, will reunite with Charlie White
t Report: Apple to offer new iPhone 5C for less than $99
b Front National's success not surprising to heartland supporters
b Samsung to release a 7 inch smartphone soon
e 'Captain America 3' script moves along, Winter Soldier's role undefined and Cap  ...
b GE May Improve Bid for Alstom's Energy Units, Minister Says
e All the world´sa stage for Shakespeare´s 450th birthday
t Japan to redesign whale hunt after UN court ruling
t Saturday's MotoGP Red Bull Grand Prix of The Amercias Notebook
t Business Wire
t LADEE lives: NASA's lunar science orbiter still hanging in there
e Gia Coppola plumbs James Franco's teenage tales in 'Palo Alto'
e Alibaba Just Signed A Huge Deal To Stream Movies And TV To Mainland China
t Report: Amazon is working on a 3D smartphone
t Nike kills FuelBand, bids wearable technology market goodbye
e Olympic Snowboarder Crashes MontCo Prom
e Rolf Harris guilty: Obsession with daughter's schoolgirl pal brought star's sordid  ...
b EMU: Flash PMI Manufacturing slides to 51.9 in June
b Anger follows sharp rise in fuel prices in Egypt
e 'Girls' season 4: Allison Williams lands title role in NBC's 'Peter Pan Live'
b Here's How You Can 3D Print Your Own Makeup
t Greenhouse gas emissions at unprecedented levels
e [PHOTO]: 'Iron Man' star Robert Downey Jr. screens Marvel's 'Captain America  ...
b McDonald's Wants You to Come for Free Coffee
t Google Glass to Take Sports Fans Closer to the Action
e At Wareham Flagship Cinemas: 'Draft Day' sticks to the playbook
b 2nd spill at W.Va. chem spill collection trench
b Target CEO John Mulligan To Canada: Give Us Another Chance
t Windows XP users are mistaking Microsoft's nag screens for adware
t Tesla's Patent Sharing: Is it really good for the EV industry?
t PS4 Outsells Xbox One Only Just
e Miley Cyrus Cancels More Dates Due to Allergic Reaction
e Miley Cyrus hospitalised for allergic reaction, cancels Kansas City show
b Sebelius: Affordable coverage is only a click, call or visit away
m Merchants unfazed by FDA e-cig crackdown
e San Francisco loses bid for George Lucas museum
b Report projects that health care costs will dip slightly
t All the Belly-'eich'-ing
t Skype to get real-time translation soon
b Maserati expects massive sales increase under new Fiat Chrysler plan
b China plans investment, reform to ease urbanisation drive
e Hugh Jackman: Hosting Tony Awards "like the Olympics"
t 'Is Google Glass doomed for 2014?', version 2.0
e Three Charged in US over $33 mn Art Scam
b Confusion about Obamacare Enrollment
e Despite It All, I Still Support Gwyneth Paltrow
e Lana Del Rey Tries to Explain 'I Wish I Was Dead' Comment to Frances Bean  ...
e 'The Voice' begins Round 2 battles: recap
b Oracle a software – and hardware – giant these days
b IRS, Eh? Tim Hortons Deal Could Lower Burger King's Tax Bill
m Breast Cancer Screening Not Recommended For Women Over 70
t Kepler-186f: Earth-Like Planet Discovered by NASA Telescope
t Mission to Mars scientist Colin Pillinger dies
e Cars 3, The Incredibles 2 On The Way From Pixar
e Kourtney Kardashian Reveals Feelings On Kim Kardashian's 'Vogue' Cover
e So, can Allison Williams sing?
b REPEAT: UPDATE: AbbVie Ups Shire Offer, Asks Shareholders To Put On  ...
t Microsoft warns of major Internet Explorer bug; no fix for Windows XP
b Is Uber Worth $10 Billion?
e Ear grown with van Gogh's genetic material goes on display
b McDonald's 1st-quarter profit slips as sales remain weak; April 'modestly positive  ...
b MH370: Files were deleted from flight simulator, says Malaysia
t Springfield-Area Gas Prices Up Over a Penny
m Leak of Schumacher medical report traced to Zurich firm
b Obamacare website down on final day of enrollment
e A Million Ways to Die in the West star Seth MacFarlane is still driven by fear
t EBay customers told to change passwords after hackers steal database
b Wal-Mart expands video game trade-ins
t Apple iPhone 5S vs. Samsung Galaxy S5 – how the quiz works
t Follow along with the LG G3 launch event live stream here
b Chinese premier admits "friction" with the United States
e Westeros Explainer: The 3 Questions You Had About 'Game of Thrones' 4x5
m Tobacco Lobby Opens a New Playbook for E-Cigarettes
e Saw-Wielding Fan Attacks Japan Pop Group
e In Good Taste: Spicy shrimp tostadas a good way to celebrate Cinco de Mayo
e Fox announces fall 2014-15 schedule
e Georgia Man Creates Viral Video Sensation Lip-Synching 'All By Myself' At  ...
m Hoosier Kids Join "Kick Butts" Campaign
t Office 365 For Mac, iPhone, And iPad Coming As Microsoft Considers Future  ...
b US close: Unswerving Fed minutes drive small rally
e Scotty McCreery Thanks Fans After 'Scary' Home Invasion
b Hong Kong Stocks Heading for Six-Week Low on Tencent Drop
b Deadline to sign up for health law is Monday
t Fire causes slight damage
b RBC Canadian Manufacturing PMI™ hits eight-month high in July
m Five H5N1 mutations can make virus transmit among mammals: study
m Countries spending money on ineffective flu drugs, study finds
m Doctors Design Miniature Dialysis Machine For Infants
e Justin Bieber DUI Case On Brink of Plea Deal
t Snapchat's privacy procedures to be monitored for 20 years
t Time to change another password: eBay hit by cyberattack
t NASA: Astronomers spot most Earth-like planet yet
m Seven pieces of fruit and veg needed each day for a healthy diet, experts claim
e Heir to priceless Nazi-era art hoard dies aged 81
b Abu Dhabi's Etihad Airways plans to offer bed and bath suites
e KimYe's New Side Business Will Make Them Millions
b Scam Alert
e TV Ratings Tuesday: 'America's Got Talent' Returns Strong, 'Celebrity Wife Swap  ...
t Review: Microsoft Office for iPad is pretty and functional
b Firth Rixson in £1.7bn takeover
b Apple Confirms $3bn Beats Deal
e 'Brady Bunch' actress dies after fall
b Intel hikes sales forecast due to Windows XP exodus
b Ukraine's stance in gas talks with Russia is 'blackmail' – Gazprom CEO
b EUR/USD Drifting South Ahead Of EMU Inflation Data
t Facebook's new app Slingshot takes on Snapchat with groups
e People: Hugh Jackman acts quick on cancer growth
t Delphi told GM ignition switch didn't meet specs
e Billboard Music Awards Show 2014: Predictions of Winners and Losers In Top  ...
b PNoy leaves for Myanmar for ASEAN Summit
e 22 Jump Street shoots straight to the top of US box office
e Neighbors (Universal Pictures, R)
t United to launch iOS in-flight entertainment service
m Study: Alzheimer's hits women hardest
t New study reveals a startling distrust of modern technology among Americans
b UPDATE 5-GM posts lower profit after recall; outlook for rest of year trimmed
m Patients paying more for diabetes medications
e ​Angelina Jolie Has Been Named an Honorary Dame by Queen Elizabeth II
b Citigroup may pay $7 billion to settle mortgage probe
t Qualcomm Snapdragon 805 Specs and Benchmarks
e Paul Walker's Brother Breaks Down in Tears During TV Interview (Video)
b Farewell to the Amby
e Miley Cyrus Acquires Restraining Order Against Arizona Man
t Samsung: US$2b for Apple patents is 57 times too much
t How the Heartbleed bug works, and what passwords you need to change
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Comes With The Same Region Locking, Appears to Be  ...
e Leonardo DiCaprio Is Being Eyed for Steve Jobs Biopic!
m Bill to legalize marijuana in MO moves forward in House
b US utility PG&E charged with obstructing justice over gas disaster
e Marvel-ous Captain America
e This Saturday is Record Store Day!
t OPINION: Please Take Action to Save Our Open Internet
e 'Neighbors' earns $51 million, unseats 'Spider-Man 2'
t Rare meteor shower "Camelopardalids" likely to be hidden in clouds over the  ...
t Statement: Treasury Board of Canada Secretariat
e Barbara Walters would still like to interview the Pope
b Chinese hackers to face the wrath of DOJ cyber crackdown
b EU approves $2.3bn Bulgarian bank credit line
b Uber Granted Approval to Legally Drive London Passengers
b Interview: Why Did Euroskeptics Triumph At EU Poll?
e Lisa Niemi Weds Albert DePrisco
t Facebook to make changes to privacy settings
m Oscar's temper in the spotlight
e Fans of 'The Fault in Our Stars' eager for film version
e Old-world glamour at Met Gala
b Who put sleeping pills into Wall Street's water?
e Guardians Of The Galaxy: Were Pauly Shore & Pee Wee Herman Up For Thanos  ...
b Roche Buying Seragon in US for Up to $1.7B
e Universal pulls off another crowd pleaser at Diagon Alley opening
m Cancer in US Will Become Leading Cause of Death by 2030: Report
e Hilary Duff Had No Idea She Turned Down Charli XCX
e Crowe: 'Noah' criticism is 'irrational'
e Battle on the MMVAs red carpet
b Kellogg's forced to change “all-natural” labels on Kashi products
t Facebook to launch 'I'm a voter' feature worldwide after India election success
e Movie execs' 'big challenge' in taking 'fresh' look at 'Noah' movie
b AV Homes Announces Closing of Private Placement of Senior Notes
b Oil price slides as Libya set to boost exports
e Rowling's HP Spinoff Film to Become Trilogy
e Math explains why Pete Campbell was so excited on this week's Mad Men
b Lithuania becomes 19th country to join euro
b Report: Frontier Airlines second-most-complained-about carrier in 2013
b Solar shining after dark ages
t Twitter Pushes Further Into Mobile Ads With MoPub Integration
e Lea Michele Slams Naya Rivera Feud Rumours As 'Unbelievable' And 'Frustrating'
t HP Delivers Seamless Windows Server 2003 Transition
t Fifty Years Later: Mustangs On The Road
e Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin to star in Netflix comedy from Friends creator
b Parsing the Fed: How the Statement Changed
m Mental disorder not factor in Pistorius shooting - FOX Carolina 21
t Rare goblin shark caught in Gulf of Mexico
e Angelina Jolie: Maleficent Is a Character to Commit to (Video)
b Planes almost collide in dramatic runway near-miss at Barcelona airport
e Suspected Brussels shooter to be extradited to Belgium
b Draghi talks tough on the Eurozone again
e Reebok Classic Introduces Cinco de Mayo Colorway For The Rail
t Microsoft Launches the Nokia X2 Android Smartphone
m Discovery Center Museum to host NanoDay celebration
t US report to show gas production rising
t Office For iPad: Important Things You Should Know
m Guidance on use of Tamiflu needs to be reviewed in light of most recent evidence
t Stop giving equal time to pseudo-science!
e Kanye performs in weird mask, gets booed for 20-minute 'rant'
t Government Says OK to Keep Driving Recalled GM Cars
e 'Game of Thrones' Disturbing Scene Change: Was That Really Necessary?
b Struggling cupcake shop operator Crumbs says its shuttering all its stores
t Earth-Like Planet Discovered By NASA Could Be Habitable
e NOW TV resolves technology glitches in Game of Thrones season 4 debut
b Facebook's Zuckerberg paid salary of just $1 last year
e Kim Kardashian Goes Blonde Again – Love It Or Hate It?
t Report: Apple And Google Call A Truce To Patent Warfare
m 'Star Wars' robotic arm for amputees gets FDA approval
t HTC One M8 vs HTC One: Specs, Hardware & Design Compared
m Oscar Pistorius Completes Psychiatric Tests. Trial Resumes On Monday
t Is the time right for another Watch Phone? Samsung reportedly thinks so
e Beyoncé named most powerful celebrity of the year
m 'Bonic eye' offered at UM offers hope to those with vision loss
e See the Poster for Tribeca Film Summer of Blood
b RPT-UPDATE 2-China PMIs jump to multi-month highs in July, add to view  ...
b Apple in talks to acquire Beats Electronics for US$3.2 billion
e 'Neighbors' another in the recent raft of raunchy, sloppy comedies
e Game of Thrones season four episode six: The Laws of Gods and Men – five  ...
b Investing: New index funds aren't always great
e Andi Dorfman and Josh Murray Share Details of Their Fantasy Suite Stay
m Consumer Report: Overuse of C-Sections
b #AmazonBasket offers UK customers the chance to shop using Twitter
e Q: How Do I Dress for a Summer Music Festival Without Looking Like a Cliché?
e Pope Francis and Russell Crowe Won't Be Meeting After All
t Photos of mysterious lancet fish going viral on social media
e Watch Jimmy Fallon's Genius Brian Williams "Gin and Juice" Mash-Up
e Designer Of New York City Subway Map Dies
b CEO's $US591 million bonus raises governance concerns
t Apple cries foul after Samsung damages trial
e Community Easter Service planned
b World stocks rise on strong US jobs report - WXOW News 19 La Crosse, WI  ...
b Stock valuations riding on stellar earnings performance
b Facebook Q1 Profit Surges, CFO David Ebersman To Step Down; Shares Up
b Markets are watching Yellen not Putin
t Upcoming Horror Game Alien: Isolation's VR Demo Was Only a Prototype
b Trading Probe, Hedge Fund Risk, Fannie Bill: Compliance
e Kickstarter Potato Salad Campaign Raises Thousands, But Why?
e Clock counts down to Kanye West and Kim Kardashian's wedding
t How the eBay data breach could affect 99% of companies
b Hewlett-Packard job cuts lift shares
t Google Aims To Equip The Next Billion People With Low Cost Android One  ...
b Germany first to deliver European gas to Ukraine
b Wall Street split on Twitter's prospects
e Doctor Who, robots & mouth organs: Why CBS must not axe Craig Ferguson
t Amazon to make free movies, TV available for streaming
e Cameron Diaz Calls Gwyneth Paltrow Very Brave for Splitting with Chris Martin
b Crawford Gillies to join Barclays board
m Eating extra fruit and vegetables is healthy but may not reduce weight
b Microsoft Beats Expectations as Cloud Segment Shows Strength
e Beverly Hills council urges Brunei to divest itself of Beverly Hills Hotel
b The Problem With the Smart Lawyering Behind Alibaba's IPO
b US lawmakers slam China over its behaviour in maritime standoff with Vietnam
t The Huge Implications Behind Apple, Inc.'s New Partnership
m Mold behind 2013 yogurt recall may cause disease
t Recall Alert: 2014 Chevrolet Malibu, Buick LaCrosse
e Kimmel jokes US 'going to war with Canada'
b Google Shopping Express expands same-day delivery service to New York and  ...
t Epic Space Photos of the Week (April 5-11)
e Emma Roberts reveals horror fears
e AP Exclusive: Pablo Picasso's 'The Blue Room' from 1901 reveals hidden  ...
e Miley Cyrus has been hospitalised
e Liam Hemsworth Overheard Talking About Miley Cyrus: Is There Still Hope?
e Hilary Duff Returns with Sun-Drenched Comeback Single 'Chasing the Sun': Listen
e Miley Cyrus Performs In Underwear After Missing Costume Change
m Seeing purple? It's Relay time!
e He is risen
b From ColumbusAlive.com
e Khloe Kardashian and French Montana Celebrate Her 30th Birthday in Las Vegas
e Tinie Tempah praises 'beautiful Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie
e Kate Moss' ALS Ice Bucket Challenge Is Kind Of Lame — But In The Hilariously  ...
t Supermoon 2014 in pictures: Moon appeared bigger and brighter at the weekend
b Qualcomm Disappoints But Remains Attractive
t Report: Amazon Is Planning To Offer A Free Video Streaming Service
b EBay Beats Street in 1Q
e Mom: 3-year-old forced to pee on plane seat
e New York radio host fired following racist Twitter tirade against black woman  ...
t Humans could colonise space by sending DNA to distant planets and 'printing' a  ...
e 'Maleficent' Featurette and Images: Who's Afraid of Angelina Jolie?
e VIDEO: NeNe Leakes And Derek Hough Switch-Up On Dancing With The Stars
e 'Agents of SHIELD' cast, showrunners adorably react to Season 2 pickup
e Robin Thicke Admits He 'Needed To Be Humbled' After Blurred Lines Backlash
b Medtronic to buy Ireland-based Covidien
e One Direction Band Members Caught Smoking Weed
e Keith Richards Writes A Children's Book
m Sarepta Surges on Optimism Over Muscular Dystrophy Drug
b Obama order forces Phila. rail workers back on job - WTRF 7 News Sports  ...
e Woman who wrote fake Holocaust memoir must pay back $22.5M to publisher
e Miley Cyrus Goes on a Rant, Slams Liam Hemsworth Before Singing "Wrecking  ...
m 4 new confirmed cases of West Nile Virus in El Paso
e Did you buy a Garth Brooks ticket? Here's how to get your money back.
t Netflix raises prices by a $1 for new subscribers
t Zenimax sue Oculus VR over trade secrets that turned Rift from prototype to  ...
b Toyota to move US operations to Texas
m Governor: New York can end HIV crisis by 2020 (Update)
e 'Fargo': The Cutthroat World Of Regional Trucking
e Paul Fenton, MBR
e Tracy Morgan's condition upgraded to fair following crash on NJ Turnpike
e Pride Takes Over Seattle as Rainbow Flags and Revelers Snake Through the  ...
e Coachella 2014: Festival fashion pays tribute to the '90s
e Lana Del Rey's voice is the star on her cinematic new album
e Who Got Eliminated On Dancing with the Stars 2014 Last Night? Week 3
t T-Mobile accused of bogus billing
t Apple discontinues iPad 2, relaunches 16GB iPad 4 and unveils 8GB iPhone 5C
e ABC Is Keeping Jimmy Kimmel Around for at Least Two More Years
e Video of the Day: Arnold Schwarzenegger can dance
e Jennifer Lopez is double winner at the GLAAD Awards
e Americans to spend $2.26 billion on Easter candy
b Alibaba hints at China IPO for Alipay
e Easter message from the Catholic Bishop of Portsmouth
b FOREX-Dollar reeling from Fed hit; Swedish crown down sharply
e Paul Walker's Brothers Confirmed To Step In For Late Actor In 'Fast & Furious 7'
e Khloe Kardashian has reportedly been acting like a "real diva" on her new reality  ...
t Apple may buy talk radio app Swell for $30M
e Andrew Garfield dresses up in drag in Arcade Fire's 'We Exist' video
t Historic Milestone: Pluto Mission Reaches Neptune's Orbit
b Crews work to reopen Ohio, Ontario ramps later today
b How Much Is Shire plc Really Worth?
m Ebola crisis in West Africa deepens; 500+ dead - KTVN Channel 2 - Reno Tahoe  ...
m UPDATE 1-Death toll from West Africa Ebola hits 337 -WHO update
b Walmart to Accept Used Video Game Trade-Ins
e A glimpse of life in small-town Sturgeon
e Transformers: Age Of Extinction To Re-Ignite Summer Box Office
e Cannes 2014: Gosling, Carell and Kristen Stewart headed to fest
e Prince headlines 20th Essence Festival with Nile Rodgers and Janelle Monae
b Stocks close mostly higher on earnings; Apple up - Live5News.com | Charleston  ...
b S&P finishes day at peak; Dow Jones gains broad
t Google to introduce low-cost smartphone
t Samsung Ready to Fight Apple Patent Verdict
t Teen says gov't could save millions with typeface change
t Test driving Android L preview: World's most popular OS gets a makeover
b World stocks hold at all-time highs after bumper week
e Colbert Replaces Letterman; CBS Forgets the Lessons of The Late Shift
t Distressing college classes; Chevrolet Cobalt recall: Opinion Roundup
t Samsung set to release virtual reality headset this year
m Spending time in Margaritaville? Online alcohol calculator shows just how much  ...
t Charlotte third-grader finalist in national “Doodle for Google” competition
b Biographical information about outgoing Target CEO Gregg Steinhafel
t BlackBerry Inks Deal with Amazon to Offer Android Apps on BB10 Handsets
e Obama: Ellen selfie cheap stunt
t Comcast Endures Senate Skepticism of Time Warner Merger
t VIDEO: Google Glass Frames By Diane Von Furstenberg Now On Sale In The U.S.
m Health Q&A: Resistant bacteria a worldwide concern
b British paper: Scottish company in bid to buy Metso
b Icahn drops PayPal spin-off bid
e Fireworks Safety Tips and Regulations
e Review: Muppets Most Wanted has lots of felt but no feeling
b IBM's software business just grew 1% in Q2: Why is it worrisome?
t Katheryn Deprill, Burger King Baby, finds birth mother
b ECB against EUR appreciation - BofA report
e Rolf Harris Guilty
b US politicians step up Pfizer scrutiny
e To 3D Or Not To 3D: Buy The Right Guardians Of The Galaxy Ticket
b Biologic drugmaker Amgen to shutter Boulder County operations
b Appeals court upholds EPA limits on air toxicity
e NBC Journalist Ann Curry Rescued by Boy Scouts During Hiking
e Rapper Wiz Khalifa Arrested On Pot Charges In Texas
b Hormel Foods buying Muscle Milk maker for $450M - WBOC-TV 16, Delmarvas  ...
e Miley Cyrus Back to Business! Announced Two New 'Bangerz' Tour Dates  ...
t Carmakers to build $1.4 billion Mexico plant
e Miley Cyrus - Miley Cyrus Apologises For Concert Cancellation
e Here's Why Marvel Didn't Confirm Any New Movie Titles
e See How the Stars Celebrated Father's Day 2014
b Summers on Piketty
b China sends ships to evacuate workers from Vietnam
m US Foreclosures Drive Up Suicide Rate: Study
e NYC gay pride march draws crowds
t Chevrolet pays tribute to the Mustang's 50th anniversary
m Ontario Can Be a Mean Place if You Have a Mental Illness
t Facebook Releases Diversity Numbers
e James Rebhorn, The Ultimate 'That Guy' Actor, Dead At 65
b HTC Returns to Profit as Cost Cuts Offset Sales Miss
e Beyonce Leads Nominations For 2014 MTV VMAs
t Top 5 announcements from Google I/O 2014
t ASIMO Greets US President Obama
t Samsung: Now Galaxy S5 & Gear smart watches in Australia
e Miranda Kerr Posts Completely Nude Pic on Instagram - See it Here!
t Google, Viacom settle YouTube lawsuit
b States Sue 5-Hour Energy for Deception
e Spider-Man Writer Conway: If Gwen Was More Like Emma Stone, We Wouldn't  ...
t Apple Getting Its Beats On In $3.2B Buyout Of Beats Electronics
m New MERS death reported in Jordan
e 'Heathers: The Musical' receives mixed reviews 0
t Facebook Mood Manipulation: 10 Bigger Problems
b BNP Paribas Relocates US Sanctions Compliance to New York Ahead of $9bn  ...
e Frontman of Christian heavy metal band gets six years for trying to have wife killed
t UN climate panel to advise on preventing global warming
e LONG AWAITED NEW MUSIC FROM MICHAEL JACKSON OUT ON EPIC  ...
t Review: Uneasy first steps with Google Glass
e Shaquille O'Neal Subject of On-Job Assault Investigation
e '22 Jump Street' Directors Phil Lord and Chris Miller Discuss How Friendship  ...
e Paul McCartney cancels entire Japan tour over illness
m Utah researchers: Fasting has health benefits related to diabetes
e 'Father of the Bride 3' to Celebrate a Gay Wedding?
e Kourtney & Khloe Kardashian Finally Get Hamptons Business For Summer E  ...
t Apple thinks you need a bigger iPad
b Retail sales in the US grow in March
e 'Mad Men': Season 7 Premiere Guide (Video)
t Xbox Shooting for Big Sales With 'Titanfall'
e Aiken: I was shafted by Dublin City Council
t Microsoft used Hotmail account to ID leaker, but says it will handle future probes  ...
e Wiz Khalifa Released From Jail, Drops New Mixtape
e Richard Attenborough appreciation: A legacy beyond 'Ghandi'
t GM, agency face Congress over recalls
t Yahoo to retain bigger stake in internet giant Alibaba after IPO
e Jennifer Love Hewitt Joins CBS's 'Criminal Minds'
e Kevin Feige talks about Doctor Strange as mentioned in 'Captain America 2'
b Mt. Gox finds 200000 missing bitcoins in an old-format virtual wallet
e Man who accused Bryan Singer of sexual abuse drops other lawsuits
t BlackBerry Messenger beta freely available for Windows Phone
t Study: Most Himalayan Glaciers Staying Stable Almost Corresponds To Hiatus In  ...
b Volkswagen denies planning a bid for US Paccar
b Consumer Confidence Slips
b Three lessons you must learn to survive a short-selling attack
b Russia cut gas supply to Ukraine, warns EU of disruption
e RPT-NY's Met Opera, unions extend talks for 72 hours, lockout delayed
e Powdered alcohols don't have approvals
b UnitedHealth Group Receives "Buy" Rating from Deutsche Bank (UNH)
m Screen Of Existing Drugs Finds Compounds Active Against MERS Coronavirus
m Source Of Most Cases Of Invasive Bladder Cancer Identified
e Angelina Jolie on political ambition: "If I thought I'd be effective, I would"
b Shearman's Yukos case and the $1065 per hour lawyers
e Andy Samberg to host SNL
b Domestic-driven growth needed for emerging markets
b Potash potentate in $4.4 BILLION divorce settlement
e North West's Pierced Ears Spark Debate
b Inmarsat offers free tracking for most of the world's commercial passenger planes
e Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez Met in a Starbucks this Week
e The Bachelorette 2014 Spoilers: Andi Dorfman Happier Than Ever!
b US Economy contracted almost 3 percent in first quarter
b Forex - Dollar steady close to 6-month highs
b Detroit Turns Inward: Ford Puts a Lifer in the Driver's Seat
e Rolf Harris five-year prison sentence for sex crimes is referred to Attorney  ...
t eBay Data Breach -- The 'Inexcusable' Impact on 233 Million Customers
b PRECIOUS-Gold holds below $1300 on solid US data
t Comcast to encrypt customers' emails for security
b US producer prices rise 0.5 percent in March
e Sherlock 2015 Christmas special on the cards: Martin Freeman
e Twitter makes fun of Garth Brooks debacle
e Carrie Underwood Transforms Into '20s Flapper at ACM Awards
b South Korea's Kakao to merge with Daum in back door listing
t Ford Recall Announced For Airbag And Latch Issues
b Correction to S&P/Case-Shiller U.S. Home Prices Story
t Facebook goes down globally
t Samsung announces Galaxy Tab S
t Microsoft to close Nokia deal on Friday
e Robert Downey Jr.'s Son Arrested in Car for Alleged Cocaine Possession
m Relays for Life set for Erie, Crawford counties
b USD/JPY Gravitates Towards 101.19/00
e Bachelorette 2014 Spoilers: What Happens on the Season 10 Premiere?
e Julia Louis-Dreyfus's show Veep renewed for fourth season by HBO
e 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' movie poster features burning skyscraper — and  ...
m Spread of polio now a world health emergency
t Typo iPhone Keyboard Banned By Court Order
e CANNES WATCH: Cotillard's look; 'It Follows' horror buzz; animal deaths;...
b Timmy's ad reassures Canadian customers
t Microsoft Office for iPad Review
t THE HEARTBLEED HIT LIST: THE PASSWORDS YOU NEED TO CHANGE  ...
b Dollar Mixed As ECB's Draghi Talks Stimulus
b Was the US Government's Silk Road Bitcoin Auction a Sham?
e Video: Drake as Manny Pacquiao in 2014 ESPY skit
e Megan Fox Makes Pre-Baby Body Debut in 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles  ...
b Target CEO Gregg Steinhafel resigns after credit-card breach
m South Korea state insurer sues three tobacco makers
m Daily Dose of Aspirin could Reduce Risk of Preeclampsia
m Smell test may help detect Alzheimer's
t Report: Climate change has led to wildfire increase
t Why We Hate Google Glass -- And All New Tech
b Forbes sells majority stake to Hong Kong group, family remains
b Investigators shift search zone for Malaysian jetliner after new data analysis
e Georgia grand jury indicts Allman film producers in Sarah Jones' death
t After manipulating its users' emotions, Facebook says research paper "may not  ...
b UPDATE 5-Japan, Australia clinch trade deal as US-Tokyo talks heat up
b SunTrust Mortgage Agrees to $320 Million Settlement
t The Sony Xperia Z2 Tablet
e Disney movie about Alaska bears hits theaters
e Netflix Announces Remake of 'The Magic School Bus' (VIDEO)
m High blood pressure may be connected to a “salt tooth”
e 'NCIS' homeless episode tops ratings
t More iWatch release hints, HealthKit lays groundwork
b Roche buying Seragon in US for up to $1.7B
e Bachelorette Andi Dorfman and Fiance Josh Murray Slam Runner-Up Nick Viall  ...
b Fla's unemployment rate remains unchanged - FOX 35 News Orlando
t US stocks Monday slip below record levels
e Ivan Reitman will not direct Ghostbusters sequel
t Watch Live: NASA SpaceX Cargo Ready For April 14 Liftoff Despite Backup  ...
b 3 Predictions for the New Week
e Foxx lined up for Tyson biopic
e 'American Idol 13': 'Top 6 Finalists Perform' recap
t Amid New Recalls, GM Says Most Victims Are Young Drivers
m Mango Recall: Purity Organic Reports Listeria Contamination In Sample
e 'How I Met Your Mother' series finale: Talk about it! -- UPDATED
t Amazon to Launch a 3-D Smartphone Very Soon
e The dark side: Harassment amid the fantasy
e Paul Simon, Edie Brickell cleared of domestic abuse charges
b GM Q1 profit worst in 4 yrs. after recalls
t Austin MotoGP: Rossi: Sunday might be a good day for us
e 'Cap' returns to blizzard of mistrust
e Twitter Pokes Fun At New York Mets During Sharknado 2: The Second One
e At the movies
t Microsoft changes could put older computers at risk
e Casey Kasem, king of the Top 40 countdown, dies at 82 - 2 Hours Ago
e ACM Awards: 'King' George Strait Crowned Entertainer of the Year
e 'Mad Men' Review: All In 'A Day's Work' For Don
e J.K. Rowling Writes New Harry Potter Story, "Dumbledore's Army Reunites"
e Tribeca Film Festival 2014: 8 big-name films to watch out for
t Eat24 and Facebook Have a Conscious Uncoupling
e Miley Cyrus sent a homeless man to accept her VMA award
m Excessive boozing kills 10 percent of working-age Americans
b IRS to treat bitcoin as property, not currency, for tax purposes
b German inflation hits 4-year low
b Citigroup Agrees To Pay $7 Billion In Largest Civil Fraud Penalty
b Dollar edges lower vs. firmer euro, yen slides
t Facebook prepping army of laser-wielding Internet drones
m Air France suspends flights to Ebola-hit Sierra Leone
e Elizabeth Olsen & Dakota Fanning Fall For the Same Guy in 'Very Good Girls  ...
e Funeral to be held Monday for model, journalist Peaches Geldof
b Murkowski: Clean Water Act Rule a Threat to Development
t The saga continues: MtGox files for bankruptcy in the US
e Win free passes to see Sex Tape in Baltimore, DC or Norfolk
e Selena Gomez Inspires Fans + Breaks Down During We Day Speech [VIDEO]
m Migraines in Menopause: Is Estrogen to Blame?
m Mosquito-born virus increases in Florida
t Oculus & Facebook: Probably Not So Bad, So Maybe You Could Stop Freaking  ...
b Men's Wearhouse in $1.8bn Jos A Bank deal
e Jack White Announces New Album Lazaretto, Out June 10
t FCC's Internet Fast-Lane Far From Done Deal as Debate Begins
m Could being Underweight be more Dangerous than being Overweight? Study
b Libyan navy fired on tanker coming from rebel port, ship damaged
e Jackman: I have self-doubt
b Too early to say pings not from black box, says US Navy
t Wall Street rises as earnings, Apple, IBM partnership bolster sentiment
m CDC: MERS virus spreads in US, but second man not ill
e 'Scandal' Star Columbus Short May Be Handsome But He Has A Bad Boy Record
e At the Movies: 'A Hard Day's Night' still a thrill after 50 years
t Professor Colin Pillinger, famous for his work on failed Mars Lander Beagle 2  ...
b Ackman's Pershing Square makes $249M on Burger King wager
e People Magazine Names Lupita Nyong'o Their Most Beautiful Person For 2014
e Viral Video: Bill Murray's bachelor party marriage advice
t PlayStation Network Hacked as Bomb Threat Grounds Sony Exec's Plane
b GM recalls another 1.5 million vehicles, will take $300 million charge
b NJ unemployment rate holds steady at 7.1 percent
e Can you 'beliebe' how this kid behaves?
b Citigroup among US Federal Reserve casualties
e Lindsay Lohan heads to London stage in play about Hollywood
m Second case of MERS found in patient who traveled through New England
e Box office top 20: '22 Jump Street' collects $57M - CBS 3 Springfield - WSHM
b Spooked by defaults, China banks begin retreat from risk
t Biometrics expert slams Apple and Samsung fingerprint scanners as unsecured  ...
t Comparision between Apple iPhone 6 and Samsung Galaxy S5
e Mosaic Pupils Celebrate Passover & Easter
e WSOP What to Watch For: The Main Event Has Arrived!
t Xbox One receives trial functionality
b Twitter exec steps down as stock falls
e Post Orlando Bloom, Miranda Kerr wants to explore her bisexuality
t Samsung debut its 'thinnest and lightest tablet,' challenging Apple
b Why Have Economists Been Wrong About Falling Unemployment Rates?
e No Corporate Tweet Will Ever Be Worse than US Airways' Tweet of a 777  ...
b Adobe Releases New Creative Cloud Photography Plan for $9.99 Per Month
e A Real Working Mom Strikes Back At Gwyneth Paltrow's Statement
b Ukraine in talks with IMF for $15-20B loan package
m NY among states that reach agreement with makers of malt liquor Four Loko on  ...
b Industrial production climbs 0.6% in May
e Darien churches' Easter celebration schedule
t Apple's Beats deal is for Dre, streaming, and everything else
b Stocks: The Trouble With Travel
b New Historical Highs for S&P 500 Futures
b 3 Definitive Reasons Why The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation Has Much  ...
e Twelve People (Eight Performers) Injured In Freak Accident During Aerial  ...
e Captain America to be replaced by long time partner the Falcon
b Ally Financial Files for IPO
t Possible airbag problems forces GM to stop selling
t I am scared of Google: German media mogul
b BlackBerry to make Amazon App store available
t Facebook buys Moves, a fitness tracking app
t Game Over for 'Gameover' Malware
b Stock Update: International Business Machines Corporation (NYSE:IBM  ...
e The New "Gone Girl" Trailer Has One Very Important Detail
e Kristen Stewart - Kristen Stewart & Anne Hathaway Join Jenny Lewis In New Video
e Ridiculous Kanye West-Kim Kardashian Wedding Details Revealed
e World Briefs: April 8, 2014
t GM Ignition Switch Cobalt Deaths Lawsuit
b US small businesses lobby for survival of embattled Ex-Im Bank
t Intel buys wearable tech developer Basis Science
t Amazon to pay $1bn for gaming site Twitch: report
e Emma Stone Professes "Love" For Andrew Garfield In Rare Candid Moment
t More job cuts loom at Microsoft
t Apple (AAPL) Price Target Raised to $107 at Goldman Due to Enterprise  ...
e Demi Lovato Twitter Unfollows Selena Gomez: 'Neon Lights' Singer Calls Justin  ...
e The Leftovers
e Arnold Schwarzenegger Reveals Terminator: Genesis Plot Details!
m NCI study finds extreme obesity may shorten life expectancy up to 14 years
b Airline honchos meet in Doha for the big event
e VIDEO: Beyonce reassembles Destiny's Child for Michelle Williams' Jesus  ...
m Jim Kelly will have chemotherapy and radiation, not surgery
e Monty Python Live to feature Stephen Hawking cameo
b Gold slips on steady dollar ahead of US data, policy meeting
e Norwegian classic play scoops honors at London theater awards
t Nike Has Fired Most Of Its FuelBand Team And Will Stop Making Wearable  ...
t AAA reports Gas Prices Fall to Lowest Level in Four Months
e Angelina Jolie on 'Maleficent,' mastectomy and Nigerian kidnappings
m 1 in 20 American adults 'misdiagnosed in outpatient clinics each year'
e Justin Bieber posts Tom Hanks singing at wedding video
m Anti-MERS trial vaccine raises hopes
e Brian Williams Is Big Fan of 'The Bachelorette', Calls Juan Pablo 'a Troubled Man'
m The Least Obese US Metro Area Is...
b BNP Paribas says has ample cash to cover U.S. penalties
e See Tom Hanks Singing 'This Is How We Do It,' Courtesy of Justin Bieber
e Miranda Lambert Rocks Daisy Dukes (Photo)
e Johnny Depp throws engagement party
b For Alibaba, it's breadth, not just scale, of ambition
t Google Modular Phone Expected Early Next Year
b Major Averages Turn Mixed As Nasdaq Slides Into Negative Territory
b Amazon launches #AmazonBasket to let Twitter users shop with hashtags
b Where could you get a $25 minimum wage?
m CA lawmakers target e-cigs
m Gay dad's brain acts like mum and dad
m Autism may be tied to ßawed prenatal brain growth
t Microsoft sets its sights on Apple CarPlay with Windows in the Car concept
b The Walt Disney Company (NYSE:DIS) Files For Drone-related Patents
e Home WhatsOn Television VIDEO: Olympian Meryl Davis wins 'Dancing With the...
e Beyoncé responds to Jay Z cheating rumours by changing song lyrics?
b Global Protests Of GMOs Slated For Saturday
t Nike backing away from FuelBand, CNET reports
b The Hacks That Started a (Trade) War?
m Edwards Valve Outperforms Medtronic's in First Comparison Study
m False-positive mammograms have limited effect on anxiety, study shows
b Time to sell stocks?
e Katt: I never pulled a gun
b Flight MH370 search continues
e Kim Kardashian Wedding Dress - Victoria Beckham Rejects Request
t Kogan prices Samsung Galaxy S5 $129 below RRP
e 'Amazing Spider-Man 2:' Six arguments about its box office results
m Sweet and sour
e House-Flipping Twins: If Our Faith Costs Us TV Fame, 'So be It'
e STAGE TUBE: Taylor Swift Embraces Her Inner Awkwardness in SHAKE IT OFF  ...
e Avril Lavigne Goes J-Pop Princess In INSANE 'Hello Kitty' Video
t T-Mobile: FTC Suit Is Political, Exaggerated
t A small boost for PCs, a minuscule tablet slowdown
b Coca-Cola to remove controversial drinks ingredient
m Smoking bans linked to drop in premature births, kids' asthma attacks
e See 'SNL's take on the Solange-Jay Z elevator fight
e Cinematographer Gordon Willis Dies At 82
m Category: Health and Fitness
m Students of UCF Med School's second graduating class find their 'match' residency
t Blackberry v. Typo: Why Worry Over The 'Dead' Keyboard?
e Uh Oh! Zac Efron Attacked On Skid Row In LA (DETAILS)
m Mum was human speed bump to save twins
b Google Inc. Announces First Quarter 2014 Results
b Red Lobster sale by Darden Restaurants nets $2.1 billion (+video)
b Breakfast Beef? Taco Bell Uses 'Ronald McDonald' In New Ads
b US economy is growing more slowly than was predicted
b U.S. New Home Sales Rise 6.4% in April
e Watch Malaya Watson Sing “When I Was Your Man” in American Idol 2014 Top  ...
m West Africa Ebola death toll hits 337: WHO
b Ukraine air space still open; but airlines avoid
b Deals of the day- Mergers and acquisitions
t New IPCC Report Deliberately Excludes, Misrepresents Important Science
e Maxim Hot 100 2014 Revealed!
e Brian Williams 'raps' 'Gin and Juice' on 'The Tonight Show'
e Mad Men Season 7 Episode 6 Live Stream Free: Watch 'The Strategy' Online  ...
t Greenwich Scientist Identifies World's Largest Bird
e Comedian John Pinette Dies
t Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA): Elon Musk's Big Patent Bet
t The Latest on Climate Change's Impacts and Other Fascinating News on the Web
e Top female US news anchor steps down
b Emirates Scraps A350 Order in Setback for Airbus
t iOS 8 Jailbreak Could Be On The Way
t 'Destiny' receives new trailer, details on alpha and beta tests
b US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St opens higher after GDP data
b US housing starts hike in April
e Christine Mcvie - Fleetwood Mac announce tour with Christine McVie
e Amazon Launches Amazon Prime Music
b Weibo is just a half-Twitter
b Unemployment rate falls below target but don't expect an interest rate rise any  ...
e Kourtney, Khloe rent a $ 13.9 million mansion for reality show
e 'Leaked' Star Wars 7 footage shows Imperial Shuttles flying over set - but is it fake?
e Emmys 2014: Breaking Bad sweeps up winning FIVE awards
b Vanessa Drucker: Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac's payback time?
t Google Buys Quest Visual To Boost Its Translate Features
e Met Opera workers fight for a fair contract to stay out of poverty
t Bulk of Web users not changing passwords after 'Heartbleed' bug
t BlackBerry stock dips over Apple's foray into enterprise segment
e Check Out the Trailer for Brad Pitt's New Film, 'Fury'
e Amy Adams gives up first class airplane seat for US soldier 0
t GM Investors Should Look Past The Recall's Impact
b Texas to be new home for Toyota's US headquarters
b NHTSA: GM failed to provide 'timely information' on ignition defects recall
b June numbers reflect mixed results in US home construction
e Jack White's 'Lazaretto' Breaks Vinyl Sales Record
m Recalled meat long gone from Portland's Whole Foods
e Happy International Happiness Day
e Garth Brooks: US country star's Dublin gigs 'very badly handled'
b Coldwater Creek in Sandpoint files for bankruptcy protection
t Samsung Announces the Gear Live Android Wear Smartwatch, Pre-orders Open  ...
b Devon Energy To Sell Its Non-core U.S. Oil & Gas Assets To Linn For $2.3 Bln
e Zendaya exits Aaliyah film project
t World must curb carbon fuel use - UN
m A Grieving Stranger Asked the Internet to Do One Last Thing for His Daughter  ...
e Jennifer Lawrence Recalls Drunken Miley Cyrus Oscars Encounter
t Glass goes international. It's first stop? Jolly ole England
t Samsung Galaxy S5 coming to India today, could be priced at Rs 51500
b US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St gets lift from Coca-Cola; Nasdaq lags
e 'Star Wars' adds two unknowns to cast
t Officials Cracking Down On Drinking While Boating This Weekend
e Beyonce Gives Nicki Minaj 'Flawless' Necklace, Proves Girls Run The World  ...
e Jamie Foxx to Play Mike Tyson in Biopic
t Nokia X2 Dual SIM Phone Announced With 4.3-inch Display, 1GB RAM and LED  ...
m Self-portrait by dead seven-year-old touches thousands
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's Wedding: The Guest List
e Here's topless Zac Efron doing backflips off a boat
b Twitter Beats Estimates; Revenue Up 124%
m Saudi Arabia says has 113 more MERS cases than previously thought
e Christian America and the White House Easter By Mark Tooley
e Game of Thrones Draws 7.1 Million Viewers For Season Finale
e Walker's brothers join Fast & Furious 7
b IBM to bet US$3bil over 5 years for breakthrough in chips
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West honeymoon in Cork, Ireland: Check out all the  ...
e Chris Brown Carried Out Of Club After BET Awards (VIDEO)
b Oil prices rebound in Asia
e Post-Upfronts Analysis: Here's Your Fall 2014 TV Schedule, Day by Day
e Zac Efron Rehab Aftermath: Vanessa Hudgens Ex-Boyfriend Goes Shirtless at  ...
b US hiring likely strong for a 5th straight month
t Android news, wearable gadgets, smart home devices expected at Google  ...
b Amgen joins job-cut parade, closing Colorado facilites
b King Has Biggest Debut Drop Since November Even With Discount
t Apple Q2 Earnings: What to Expect
m Stocks to Watch: Edwards Lifesciences, Amira, Forest Oil
m Hummus, dip recall includes products sold at Trader Joe's and Target in Missouri  ...
e Justin Bieber Avoids Another Felony Charge Over Cellphone Incident
t Underdog LG leapfrogs Samsung, HTC with 1440p G3 smartphone flagship
t Disappointing Google Fit is HealthKit for Android, That's All
m Ebola outbreak causing world-wide fear
e Cold cash keeps washing in from ALS challenge
m Study: Infant rats can sense their mothers' fear using smell
m It's not open to debate: Do not wash raw chicken before cooking
t Gas Prices Predicted to Reach Six Year High
e Coldplay are LOVING life but won't be touring 'Ghost Stories'
t Verizon Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Receives Unofficial Android 4.4.2 Kitkat OS  ...
m US foreclosures drive up suicide rate: Middle-aged adults especially vulnerable
b ZILLOW BUYS TRULIA FOR $3.5 BILLION (Z, TRLA)
b Oklahoma Earthquakes Blamed on Disposal of Fracking Waste
t Internet Fast-Lane Proposal Has FCC Walking Tightrope
e Bucks County's Jewish community set to celebrate Passover
t Apple Trades High-End Specs For All-New Entry-Level iMac
e Jerry Lewis : Women are funny, but not when crude
e URL music festival SPF420 goes to SXSW
t Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 (7.0) 8GB WiFi Features Quad-core Processor, Android  ...
b Greece Manufacturing Activity Declines For Second Month
e Katy Perry's oil painting now in US museum collection
b THE NEWS WRAP: Mooted Alibaba deal could put Snapchat in the $10 billion club
b GDP Weaker, Personal Consumption Up
b Google Earmarks up to $30 Billion for Foreign Acquisitions
b Dow Jones Industrial Average Poised to Follow Global Markets Into the Green
b Pending sales of US homes up 6.1 per cent in May, but pace is still slower than  ...
e Fla. teen gets attention for being 'Frozen' lookalike
e 'Edge of Tomorrow' outdoes 'Fault in Our Stars'
m Feelings and emotions stated on Facebook spread to others, researchers say
e Jennifer Lopez Wears Strapless Red Dress On American Idol
t GM CEO Barra expects to testify on recall, apologizes for loss of life from small  ...
b Bank of Japan (BOJ) announcement coming soon
e Nick Cannon Wears Whiteface to Promote Upcoming Album 'White People Party  ...
t Meet the robots more human than... humans?!
e Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie teaming up for movie project
e Harrison Ford's injury: Twitter's funniest jokes
t Apple and Google call patents truce
e Justin Timberlake thanks everybody 'except Donald Sterling' at Billboard Music  ...
m Healthcare reform in a nutshell: top five concerns for employers
b Hastings murals serve as art class final
t Conspiracy theories abound ahead of 'blood moon' eclipse
m Oxford researchers say they know why people get paranoid on pot
t Google Outlines Gmail Scanning in Updated Terms
e MTV Video Music Awards to return to Los Angeles
e Home WhatsOn Dr. Disc to be the epicentre of Record Store Day...
m Preventing Skin Cancer: Know the Facts, Myths of Sunburn
b Sun Pharma to buy Ranbaxy in all stock deal valued at USD3.2bn
b Trends: It's a good time to bond with the euro
t Auschwitz, Poland
e 'The Voice' Season 6 Playoffs, Round 2: Teams Adam & Shakira Are On the  ...
b Pilgrim's Pride floats $5.58 billion bid for Hillshire, eyes 'protein-focused' merger
b HP Adds Chairman Role To Meg Whitman's CEO Duties
e Ailing Malcolm Young taking break from AC/DC
e Thousands at Israel Gay Pride Parade, Region's Biggest
e 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' Tops Weekend Box Office
b China Mobile's annual net earnings slips 5.9%
e Kanye West's Bonnaroo performance long on hits, short on controversy
t Amazing new computer simulation shows evolution of the universe
m Study suggests 'healthy' food labels are misleading
e 7 SXSW 2014 acts everybody will be talking about
e Chris Colfer NOT Leaving 'Glee', Twitter Account Hacked
e Miley Cyrus and Flaming Lips cover The Beatles' 'Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds'
e Pamela Anderson reveals history of childhood sexual abuse
e Everything You Need to Know About the Guardians of the Galaxy Post-Credits  ...
b General Motors recalls Chevrolet Cruzes, trucks and SUVs
e Are Beyoncé & Jay Z going on tour together? *Screams* 10:50AM
e Amanda Bynes' Bikini Body -- I've Done What the Dr. Ordered
t How To Tell If Apple Owes You A New iPhone 5 Battery
e Met Ball 2014: Five facts about fashion's most extravagant night
t No-contract Windows Phone 8.1 Nokia Lumia 635 for AT&T and T-Mobile  ...
m Repackaged Tobacco Control Bill and Matters Arising
t Samsung Gear Live goes on sale in India via Google Play
b 17/03/2014Vodafone to buy Spain's Ono: report
t Samsung says $2 billion for Apple patents Is too much
b US STOCKS-Wall St slips to snap six-day rally; biotechs weak
e Review: 'Muppets Most Wanted' Is A Terrific Muppet Movie
t Astronauts spot first possible 'exomoon'
b This Ad By Coca-Cola Offers Many Fun And Practical Ideas To Keep Reusing  ...
b 2000 protesters storm home of Big Mac, 100 arrested
b US Consumer Borrowing Up In February
b OUR VIEW: Consumers in holding pattern
b Pimco's Gross: Fed Will Use Inflation To Keep Short-Term Rates Near Zero
b Surprise: Obama Admin Extends Obamacare Enrollment Deadline For Pretty  ...
b Barclays bank fined by watchdog for failings that led to inappropriate trade in  ...
b North Carolina homeowners to get $21 million in SunTrust mortgage settlement
b Starbucks-owned chain to offer burgers (w/video)
e Watch Miley Cyrus and Wayne Coyne's film about magic brains and lesbian  ...
e Sean Combs goes back to being 'Puff Daddy'
b Europe shares close slightly down; Germany data weighs
e Murderer's Estate Sells Stamp for Record $9.5 Million
e Taylor Swift named Billboard's 'Top Money Maker'
e 'Scandal' season 3 finale airs tonight! What will be the big twist?
t Facebook and Apple defy the tech critics
e Canadian author Farley Mowat dies at 92
e CANNES WATCH: 'Expendables' boost Nigerian girls
e Kate Middleton "At War With The Queen"?
m Ebola death toll in West Africa climbs to 603, WHO says
m South Cotabato heightens awareness drive on HIV/AIDS
b Stock Futures Steady After Two Sessions of Gains
b Gain in Existing US Home Sales Lifts Spring Prospects
t LOOK: Photos Of 'Blood Moon' During Total Lunar Eclipse
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Prime said preparing for LG G3 war
b Yellen: Seeing pockets of increased risk-taking
e MET Gala 2014 Best Dressed Couple Feud: Jay Z, Beyonce vs Kim Kardashian  ...
t It's official: Kinect is the Xbox One's Achilles heel
b Barnes & Noble Posts Narrower Q4 Loss, Plans To Separate Retail, NOOK  ...
b McDonald's critics descend on meeting
t Apple not likely to introduce iWatch, next-gen Apple TV at WWDC
t Facebook Buys Oculus
e 'The Hobbit: The Battle Of The Five Armies' Trailer Hits The Internet
m Study Links Sleep Apnea to Hearing Loss
t HTC M8 Ace leaked in official documentation, shows off huge speaker grill
e Dave Coulier Marries Melissa Bring, Wedding Sees a 'Full House' Reunion
e Report: Michael Jace, the 'Shield' actor who allegedly killed his wife, was heavily  ...
t FTC sues T-Mobile for cramming charges on customers' bills
e Adam Sandler: I Pick My Movies Based On Where I Want To Vacation (VIDEO)
m 2 Mers-CoV in capital test negative: Haad
e McCartney still ill, cancels South Korea concert
e Madonna Is All Boobs And Hairy Armpit In New Instagram Photo (PICS)
t HTC One ad features Gary Oldman and a lot of 'blah blah...
t Software bug causes major data theft risk
e Insane Clown Posse Loses FBI Lawsuit Over Juggalos 'Gang' Classification
e Phil Collins Donates Artifacts to the Alamo
e Why is the Day on Which Jesus Died Called Good Friday?
b 26/05/2014Hollande facing KO after far-right Euro triumph
e Scandal Season 3 Spoilers: Bellamy Young previews Grant children
e Dozens of Avicii concertgoers hospitalized in Boston
b Mexico speeding ahead of Canada with $1-billion BMW investment
e Working Mom Fires Back at Paltrow's Parenting Comment
t LG G3 Teasers Released: Shows Display, Camera, Design and More
m Grieving Father Turns To The Internet For A Happier Image Of His Daughter
t PS4, PS3, & PS Vita New Releases: May 25th – 31st, 2014 – Ubisoft Lets the  ...
e Amy Robach Named News Anchor on “Good Morning America”
b Eli Lilly to buy Novartis' animal health business for $5.4 bln
m Modi congratulates blood donors on World Blood Donor Day
e Streaming TV case before Supreme Court on Tuesday
m Update set on first US MERS virus case
t LG's Next Flagship Smartphone Will Launch On May 27
t NFL Sunday Ticket expands, but there's a catch
e New movie releases are revealed
t Cast Screen Tile Appears In Quick Settings Panel For Some Users
t BlackBerry the 'Only Brand' that Meets German Government Security Standards
t Climate change is here now
e Gary Oldman Apologizes on Jimmy Kimmel
t Google Fit health service announcement expected
b The Needle: Let Them Eat Cake!
e Kanye West & Kim Kardashian Are Married?
b Our View: Time is running out for those still without health insurance
b The moment a US politician nearly gets hit by a train... during press conference  ...
e Check Out a New X-Men: Days of Future Past Clip
t Sprint's owner to make major policy speech Tuesday in Washington
b Millions of salmon trucked downstream
e #What if humans had wings that beat 200 times per second that'd be cool
e 'Game Of Thrones' Season 4 Spoilers: George R.R. Martin Responds To  ...
e DreamWorksTV Launches on YouTube; Watch Trailer for New Family Channel!
b Airline fee disclosure rule proposed
t Mt Gox files US bankruptcy, opponents call it a ruse
e Megan Fox debuts on Instagram
e 'Love and Hip Hop: Atlanta' star Benzino shot at mother's funeral procession by  ...
b Oklahoma Attorney General Praises Court's Limits On EPA
t NASA: Voyager 2 previews Pluto mission
e Zac Efron involved in Skid Row brawl
e Kim Kardashian debuts new blonde hair color, but is it real or fake?
e Amazon snares classic HBO shows in deal
b US private job growth jumps in June
e Video: Paul Walker's Brother Cody Gives Emotional First Interview About Late  ...
e Seth Rogen, Judd Apatow Outraged Over Link to Santa Barbara Shooting  ...
b JD.com bonus for CEO Liu raises governance concerns
e 7 Columbia ministers will speak the '7 Last Words' of Jesus
t US court rejects Google appeal in snooping case
t AT&T rumored to be getting the Amazon phone for now
b Twitter Tweets a Disappointing Earnings Report
b Chinese online retail giant Alibaba seeks IPO in the US
e “Family” Featurette & 3 Clips From Zach Braff's 'Wish I Was Here'
e Tyler, The Creator, Arrested After Starting a Violent Brawl at SXSW
e Whoopi, Spike, Debbie Allen, More Celebs Mourn Ruby Dee
b Motorola Solutions to sell unit for $3.45 bln; shares fall
e Singing Red, but very much in the black
b Firm says 38 Studios default would bring 'junk' status to state
t Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella. (photo: DC/file)
b Beijing hardens tone on Occupy stir
b Va.'s Jobless Rate Falls to 5 percent in Jan.
m West Nile Virus infected bird found southwest of Palermo
b French Bank BNP Paribas Pleads Guilty to Violating US Sanctions
b IRS gave bonuses to naughty employees IRS makes a supreme case out of  ...
t VIDEO: Google Now Is The Killer App For Android Wear
b Morgan Stanley Keeps Earnings Streak Alive
t Apple recalling some iPhone 5's
e Ripley returns to Alien-verse
b Honeywell 2nd-quarter profit rises 7.6 percent, beats forecast
t Samsung Galaxy S5 reviews -- everything you need to know now
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S review - first look at the AMOLED tablets
b Supermarket group Tesco announces annual net profit of £974 million
e Actor SHIA LaBEOUF has signed up for professional help to treat his alcoholism.
m California now has epidemic of whooping cough
e Kevin Sharp Dead: Country Music Singer Dies From Complications of Past Surgery
e Kim Kardashian accused of kissing stepbrother Brandon Jenner
e Here's Who Marc Webb Wants For the Sinister Six Lineup
t 20 Full Moon Artworks To Welcome Tonight's Spooky Honey Moon
b Oil Prices Soar To Highest Of The Year
e 84 arrests made during 3-day Ultra Music Festival
b Credit Suisse in talks to resolve tax probe - source
t Another Indian To Handle The Top Job Of A Big Multinational. Rajiv Suri Could  ...
b Hillshire-Pinnacle Acquistion Raises Our Hopes for New Delicious Sausage +  ...
b Philly region braces for potential rail strike
b Mulberry chief executive steps down
b Alcoa Kicks Off Earnings Season In Style With Strong Results
b Emerging Asia: Impact From Iraq Fallout, Rising Oil Price
t Google's self-driving cars hit city streets
b US auto sales expected to rise 2 percent in March; Chrysler sees double-digit gain
e Julia Roberts and Mark Ruffalo talk about bringing 'The Normal Heart' to TV
e Kunis pregnant?
b NTSB: Asian plane crash due to pilot mismanagement - NBC4: Columbus, Ohio  ...
e Beyonce and Jay Z Make an Example Out of Justin Bieber at Their Concert  ...
b Elon Musk can't name next Tesla car 'Model E' to spell SEX
e Zac Efron & Michelle Rodriguez, Chris Brown and Jessica Simpson land in our  ...
e 13 Barbara Walters Quotes That Show You Have To Fail To Succeed
b Major US banks could weather a financial crisis: Federal Reserve
e Another Sexual Abuse Lawsuit Filed Against Bryan Singer
t World's largest water reservoir found under North America
e Garth Brooks Announces World Tour on 'Good Morning America'
b Crude palm oil rises 0.15% on pick-up in demand
e Lyric Sheet For Dylan's 'Like A Rolling Stone' Auction Off For $2 Million
e Jake Barker vs Stevie Jo on The Voice 2014 Season 6 Battle Rounds (VIDEO)
m Seven States Find Tampering of GlaxoSmithKline Weight-Loss Drug Alli
e Bachelorette 2014 Results - Tonight's Elimination, Andi Dorfman Picks Final Three
e 'Mad Men' Season 7: Nipple mania and 5 disturbing moments from 'The Runaways'
t State Senate passes cell phone kill switch legislation
t Honda recalling hundreds of thousands of Odyssey minivans
t Samsung Galaxy S4 Value Edition To Arrive With Android 4.4 KitKat
e Rolf Harris guilty: The PR battle waged behind the scenes by Bell Pottinger to  ...
e Check Out the Trailer for the Batkid Documentary
m Rates of Cervical Cancer Higher in Older Women and Black Women, Says Study
e Street closures during the New York City July 4th fireworks
e Gary Oldman slammed for 'anti-Semitic' comments
e Nicki Minaj Says She Was Recently Near Death At BET Awards; Pharrell Wins  ...
b Yahoo Falls After Alibaba Posts Slower Revenue Growth
e 3 Ways Aereo's Supreme Court Case Could Affect How You Watch Television
b UK Wants More Guarantees From Pfizer Over AstraZeneca Bid (1)
b Euro wallows near lows in Asia
e 'Big Metallica fan' Jake Bugg says he is 'gutted' to miss band's Glastonbury set
b Tax Day is here, but your filing deadline may not be
b EU names 15 new sanctions targets
b Two National Pet Stores Pulling China-Made Treats
e Hope and faith: Easter messages from church leaders from around the region
m Another Dental Nightmare Renews Call for Stronger Oversight in Hawaii
e Justin Bieber assault case returns to Toronto court
b Quartz Weekend Brief—Hong Kong's future, the evils of sitting, life in the  ...
e George Brett and Lorde finally meet
e John Pinette, 'Seinfeld' comedian, is dead at 50
b Candy Crush maker King's IPO could be worth up to US$7.6-billion
b German manufacturing grows in June at weakest rate in 8 months: PMI
e Did Nick Cannon cheat on Mariah Carey? His dad tells all…
e Game of Thrones finale sets piracy record
b Federal Reserve reaffirms commitment to cheap money for Wall Street
t WHO warns worldwide air pollution 'getting worse'
e Joan Rivers' Joke About Cleveland Hostage Victims Had an Even Worse Follow  ...
e RIP 'Brady Bunch' Actress Ann B. Davis
m W. Africa nations meet to curb spread of Ebola
t Delhi, the city with the world's dirtiest air, needs to act now
t Flick's iOS, Android apps receive overhaul
b Target says man used fraudulent card in Texas
t Hacker wields Heartbleed bug to steal 900 social insurance numbers from  ...
t Astronomers Create First Realistic Virtual Universe
e Jennifer Aniston opens up about her new outlook
e Noah review: Moments of brilliance but can't shake sinking feeling
t Comcast Service Rep Gives Tech Blogger Hell
b Turkish lira suffers as Erdogan blocks access to Twitter
m Milestone in India met: The Southeast Asia country is polio free
e Zara Apologizes For Pajamas That Look Just Like Concentration Camp Uniform
b Putin pledges support for sanctions-hit Russian bank
e Star Wars: Episode VII adds two new cast members
e Johnny Depp flashes huge diamond ring, confirming engagement to Amber Heard
e Brad Pitts tosses Matthew McConaughey a beer from balcony to balcony
e RZA opens up about penis-chopping rapper
e 14 Great Behind-The-Scenes Photos From 'The Walking Dead' Season 4
e Seitz on Mad Men Season 7: The Sad Spectacle of Misbehavior
e Dave Brockie Of GWAR Found Dead In Richmond Home
t NASA's Martian Image: Curiosity Rover Snapped Martian Weird Blip Of Light In A  ...
e Rolf Harris plaque outside his childhood home vandalised with 'PEDO' graffiti
e Ansel Elgort Poses Shirtless for Interview: See the Sexy Pictures
e Lupita Nyong'o is People Magazine's Most Beautiful Woman
e Coachella Music Festival 2014: Your Essential Guide Find out who to see where  ...
b Nevada rancher's son freed, BLM collecting cattle - KTVN Channel 2 - Reno  ...
e Johnny Football makes his first Cleveland commercial
e Once Upon A Time Casts Georgina Haig As Frozen's Queen Elsa
t New meteor shower making debut early Saturday should be visible in Ohio's  ...
t The NSA Is Using Facebook to Hack Into Your Computer
e CW's “The Flash” costume is revealed
e Justin Bieber close to reaching plea deal in DUI case
m Pollen Vortex Following Polar Vortex Predicts Loyola Allergist
t NO END TO THIS? | GM recalls 7.6 million more US cars after crashes, deaths
b Wall Street Payouts Over Mortgage Crisis Top $100 Billion
e Will Transformers 5 Feature Dinobots?
t FTC: We've put '$100 MEEELLION phone bill fee cram scam' on ice
t Office for iPad; Amazon April 2 Event; Mozilla CEO Equality Pledge
e Pregnant Kourtney Kardashian and Kim Kardashian Ride a Helicopter From the  ...
e Melissa McCarthy: Susan Sarandon's gorgeous ankles
t U-verse expands in AT&T's Q1
e The First Woman Ever To Complete 'American Ninja Warrior' Absolutely Crushes It
t Facebook to Buy VR Firm Oculus for $2 Billion
e IDOL CHATTER: Jena Irene still on top in American Idol rankings
t PlayStation 4 to launch in China
e SAY WHAT? Justin Bieber Cracks Racist Joke & Uses The N-Word (VIDEO)
t Government says hackers trying to exploit 'Heartbleed' bug
e Winning comedy about the frat house next door is as smart as it is stupid.
e Why You Shouldn't Feel Guilty About Loving The Bachelorette
e Zac Efron Gets Shirtless At MTV Movie Awards Post-Scandal
b American Association of University Women recognizes Equal Pay Day by urging  ...
e North Korea Promises Retaliation Against Seth Rogen, James Franco Film
b Detroit pension deal approved by one retirement system
b Numericable is better fit for SFR, French fibre plan - Drahi
e The Rolling Stones back on stage during tour after Mick Jagger's mournful break
t Google Glass Ray-Bans, an...
t Leahy, Matsui Introduce Bill to Ban Paid Prioritization
t Samsung introduces Galaxy Tab S tablets with Super AMOLED display
t Microsoft drops Android from Nokia X phones
b UK Market Declines
m West Africa Ebola Outbreak: US Doctor Infected with Deadly Virus Gives Serum  ...
e Emmys Best Dressed 2014: Kerry Washington, Hayden Panettiere & More
b Archer Daniels Midland buys WILD Flavors for $3.1bn
e Sunrise services welcome Easter
b UPDATE 3-ECB says measures will push inflation up, but money-printing still  ...
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 vs Apple iPad mini with Retina Display
t Fitbit app officially arrives on Windows Phone 8.1
t Netflix CEO Says Comcast Imposed An “Arbitrary Tax” In Interconnection Deal
b Gas Prices Could Climb on Iraq Conflict
e Ray J Offers Kim Kardashian & Kanye West $47000 From Sex Tape As Wedding  ...
e Matt Lauer staying on NBC's 'Today' with new contract
b IMF offers Ukraine up to $18 billion in loans
m skin cancer cases 'dramatically up'
e Pamela Anderson shares harrowing story of childhood sexual abuse
b Runway Project At McGhee Tyson Great Investment
t Facebook clarifies controversial psychology experiment
e Mickey Rooney Will Be Buried at Hollywood Forever Cemetery
b Daimler Auto Group Unveils Prototype of Driverless Truck
m Curbing saturated fat alone may not reduce risk to heart
e Fans Have A Chance To Be In Star Wars: Episode VII
t Control VR Opens The Door To Virtual Offices
t Netflix: Video speeds improved dramatically after Comcast deal
t Russian spaceship flies three more astronauts to ISS
e Seth MacFarlane proves there are A Million Ways to Die in the West
b French Banking Institution to Pay $8.9 Billion Settlement for Illegal Transactions
t Office 365 Personal Makes It Cheaper To Unlock All Features On iPad
t Microbiologists Create 'Alien' Bacterium
e HGTV Cancels Show Over Hosts' Stances On Abortion, Marriage: 'If Our Faith  ...
b Urban Outfitters Target of Unusually High Options Trading (URBN)
b Forex snapshot
b Google seen as best placed for growth
m Saudi Arabia says MERS virus deaths reach 85 as new infections include pilgrim  ...
t WSJ: Google Is Going to Unveil A New TV Set-Top Box Today
b WWE shares dive on investor disappointment
t FBI: BlackShades infected half-million computers
b Emanuel pension deal would raise property taxes, trim benefits
b Valeant raises cash-stock offer to buy Botox maker Allergan
e Japanese pop stars AKB48 dancers were attacked with a saw
b Lake Erie residents say mayflies slow to emerge in northern Ohio
e Ameet Bhuvan's Review - Oculus
t LG G3 review - hands on
b Mass. unemployment rate fell to 5.6% in May
e Kim Kardashian Flaunts Super-Tiny Waist in Sexy Selfie
e Woody Allen's new film: watch the trailer
b Dow Jones tops 17000 for first time on strong employment news
b Satellite Company Launches Tracking Service For Wayward Flights
e Ruby Dee Dies: Actress and Civil Rights Activist Was 91
m FDA proposes new regulations on electronic cigarettes
b US stocks open higher, UoM report ahead; Dow Jones up 0.11%
e Top 3 Music Stories of the Day May 05, 2014
t Apple agrees to conditional US$450M e-books antitrust accord
e Holy Week is a living reality, not a passion play
b 'Fast Money' Recap: Impressed by Yahoo!
e The Internet reacts to 'Game of Thrones'
e Lindsay Lohan disappoints in Oprah docu-series, shines on Jimmy Fallon [VIDEO]
e It's Great To Be Back!â€ Paul McCartney Returns To The Stage in New York  ...
e Kacy Catanzaro is the first woman to complete 'American Ninja Warrior'
m North Carolina woman contracts Ebola
b Draghi edges closer to QE as euro gathers strength
t WD launches My Cloud network drive
b King Expects to Raise as Much as $532.8 Million from IPO
t Facebook Punishment for Like - Baiters, Spam and Repetition
t Apple reports £6.1bn profits, but announces stock buybacks as iPad  ...
t Scientists Meet in Japan To Deliver Grim Climate Warning
t Heartbleed Seeks Transfusions From Digital Wallets
t Pesticides and colder winters triggered collapse of honeybee colonies
e 9/11 museum captures the horror and humanity
m Blood test may detect Alzheimer's
b Total unemployment in July rose to 12.2 percent
t Shallow-water swimmers? Chilean Devil Rays found to plunge more than 6000  ...
e 'Noah' and the Jews
b Boeing will build largest 787 model only in S. Carolina
t Bitcoin Exchange Mt. Gox Files for U.S. Bankruptcy as Death Spiral Continues
e Breaking Bad's Bryan Cranston helps schoolboy get a date for the prom - and  ...
m Report: New Jersey counties health rankings for 2014
b Bank of America's income falls, takes $4 billion of litigation costs; Settles with AIG
b Chinese Exports Miss Expectations
t Attorney General: W.Va. consumers could get $1.7 million from Apple
b Oracle Revenue, Profit Trail Estimates on Cloud Competition (1)
e 'Orange Is the New Black' Renewed for Season 3
t 5 interesting facts about Microsoft Surface Pro 3
t Total Eclipse of the Moon Should be Visible Monday Night, Tuesday Morning  ...
t New iPhone likely out in September, Nikkei daily says
e Kim Kardashian And Kanye West Still Working Out Prenup – Not Married Yet
m E-Cigarette Sources Soaring, Study Finds
t British Regulator Investigates Controversial Facebook Study
m Half Of Americans Believe On Medical Conspiracy: Survey
t Smart connected devices fuel next era of computing, says Intel
e Ben Savage Talks Cory and Topanga's First Kiss — Relive the Moment!
t Microsoft snooped on blogger's email, court papers reveal: Northwest courts  ...
e Joss Whedon releases new film straight to Internet
t This Week's Apple Rumors, Ranked From Dumbest to Most Plausible
e 'Rising Star' premiere gets mixed reception
b Malaysia Airlines: jet search expands from Australia to Kazakhstan
e VIDEO: Emilia Clarke Recalls 'Game of Thrones' Audition on FALLON
m Sexting linked to sexual activity in middle school students
t AT&T announces major expansion of ultra-fast fiber network
b U.S. non-farm productivity falls 1.7% in first quarter
m WHO Calls For Drastic Ebola Action, 11-Nation Meeting In July
b Citigroup Nears $7 Billion Mortgage Probe Deal
t What Today's $1 Billion Settlement Means for Toyota (NYSE: TM) Stock
b How Many Lives Does the Bull Market Have Left?
e Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber 2014: Singers Being Back Together  ...
b With No Authorities, Mt. Gox Will Repeat Itself
t Ring Around the Asteroid
e Adam Richman: Travel Channel Pulls 'Man Finds Food' After Host Tells Fan  ...
e Shia LaBeouf enters rehab after bizarre outburst
m UMass Med students matched to residencies
b Amazon, Twitter combine to offer shopping option
e Celine Dion Responds to Richard Dunn's video to her song 'All By Myself'
e Music labels follow movie studios in suing Megaupload
e Andrew Garfield Gets Dolled Up In Drag And Dances With Bears In Awesome  ...
m Fears about Ebola outbreak spreading to Europe grow
b France's BNP Paribas not afraid of US sanctions, has sufficient funding to pay fine
e Marvel's 'Doctor Strange' Hires 'Sinister' Director
b Tax Day freebies and deals to ease your filing pain
e What problem? Ariana Grande is new princess of pop
b Twitter to cross 400 million by 2018, with India's strong participation
e Amy Adams gives up first class seat to U.S. serviceman
t Report: Microsoft To Significantly Reduce Xbox Studios Television Programming
b Wall Street edges higher despite weak GDP report
b Fitch Teleconf: Nigeria and Angola Rating Actions - 16 April; 15:00 BST
b Allergan's (AGN) CEO David Pyott on Valeant's Proposal (Transcript) (AGN)
b Japan consumer prices rise at fastest pace since 1982
t Facebook will now track your external websites visit for better-targeted ads
b UBS Posts Higher Q2 Profit
b Climate change ignorance is "risky business," say Paulson and Bloomberg
t Bing invites right to be forgotten requests
b Alstom chooses General Electric for power operations
m New stool-based DNA test screens for colorectal cancer: Say goodbye to  ...
b Unemployment rate declines in the Peoria area
e Zano Bathroom on Record Store Day's evolution
b TJX Posts Disappointing 1Q Sales, Softens Outlook
t Iraq situation pushes gas prices higher
e 'The Bachelorette: After the Final Rose' Recap: Confronting Nick and Fantasy  ...
b Pet food retailer PetSmart says it will stop selling pet treats from China by early  ...
t Pandora One hikes subscription price, nixes annual option
b Nikkei rewrites six-month closing high on weaker yen
b Investors bet ECB stimulus will boost euro zone share dividends
e Celebrity Couple Fights Off Paparazzi
e Fargo Earns Solid Sampling in Debut
t You are here! Home > SCIENCE and TECHNOLOGY > Soon, a watch that works  ...
t Gasoline-loving spiders cause Mazda car recall for second time
t Internet's greatest threat is government
e Emma Stone responds to weight critics
t Twitter introduces mute feature on Android, iPhone, and the ......
t Trash Talking T-Mobile Surpasses 50 Million Customers, Reports Profit of $391  ...
t Windows XP support ends today
m Allergic reaction forces Fitbit recall
m The Lancet: Chronic disease prevention one of 21st century's key challenges
e Adam Scott Joins Johnny Depp in 'Black Mass' (Exclusive)
t General Motors recalls 56214 Saturn Auras because transmission shift cables  ...
b TSLA: Missouri Mulls Tesla Direct Sales Ban
m Airplane surfaces harbour deadly bacteria: Study
b S.Korean economy sees faltering activity in manufacturing sector
t Weather Blog: Meteor shower to start holiday weekend
t Feds to require rear-view cameras on all vehicles
t Microsoft May Announce Job Cuts This Week
e Prince To Release Two New Albums In Sept
e Ever wondered what Britney Spears sounds like WITHOUT autotune? Listen here!
b Euro-zone Business Activity Slows
e Barbara Walters has big plans to do nothing on first day of retirement
t Toyota offers $69000 hydrogen car as Musk pans 'fool cells'
e Christina Aguilera poses nude for V Magazine
t 'Nobody will be untouched'
e Lindsay Lohan Docu-Series Debuts to Over 693000 Viewers on OWN
b CHART OF THE DAY: Alibaba's Booming Business Is Way Ahead Of eBay
e Cinco de Mayo 2014 celebrated in Chicago and throughout the US
m GlaxoSmithKline suffers cancer drug setback
b GRFS Becomes Oversold
b Inmarsat says it will offer free basic tracking service following loss of Malaysia  ...
e First 'Hercules' trailer starring Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson released
e Piers Morgan's 3-year CNN run ends with call for US gun control
t NASA's Mars Rover Opportunity Hits New Distance Record
e Kaley Cuoco Sweeting's Got A Scared Kissy Face While Schmoozing Selena  ...
b Euro Area PMI Composite Drop In May Ahead Of ECB Decision
t The Microsoft beta “scene” goes into hiding as Microsoft leaker gets cuffed
b 11 Investigates: Top Tax Scams to Watch for This Year
e Stinky Stalker Subdued in Kardashian Kaper
b April 17, 2014, 7:17 pm
m Official tasked with rescuing state health care exchange leaving government in  ...
b Manufacturing growth slows slightly in the UK
b Barclays cutting 19K jobs over 3 years
t Minecraft Wasn't Hacked, But You Should Probably Change Your Password If  ...
e Weird Al Yankovic in the music video for "Foil." Photo Credit: RCA Records
b Holdout bondholders say Argentina not at negotiating table
e American Idol 2014 Winner: Who Will You Choose?
m Key Lawmaker: Medical Marijuana Talks at Stalemate
e L'Wren Scott's death officially ruled as suicide
b Yahoo diversity reports shows company is mostly white and male
t Google Cuts Drive Prices, Targets Cloud Storage Competitors
t T-Mobile wants to win you over with a free iPhone 5s test drive and free music
b Apple hands former Burberry chief Angela Ahrendts £40 million shares deal
e Spider-Man 2 swings in at number 1
b NTSB: FAA too reliant on Boeing for 787 lithium-ion battery tests
e Your kid's new college course: 'The Sociology of Miley Cyrus'
t Twitch confirms sale to Amazon for $970 million
t A "Supermoon" Brightens the Night Sky
m Sierra Leone makes hiding Ebola patients illegal
b Rise in travel seen for Memorial Day
e Spider-Man sequel hits theaters
t UN document warning of grave climate future completed
b BMW makes X7 in Spartanburg official
m EWG's Top-Rated Sunscreens
e Rare stamp delivers record, selling for $9.5 million
e TI to Floyd: What Black Eye? (Watch)
t Facebook introduces new privacy features
e SHOW BITS: Keeping the audience in their seats
m Diet Beverages Help in Losing Weight: Study
m Gardasil not linked to blood clots: study
t Audi, Volvo are among the first to commit to Android Auto vehicles
e ABC Cancels “Once Upon a Time in Wonderland,” “Mind Games”
t Review – Samsung Galaxy S5
e Béjo upstaged by small boy in Hazanavicius's The Search
t Kickstarter Campaign Raising Funds for OutRunner Robot
t Is Twitter the new Facebook? What to know about the new Twitter - FOX 10  ...
e Movie review: 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' is the best X-Men movie
t Back off, NSA: Google beefs up Gmail encryption against NSA prying
e Game of Thrones could end with movies, says writer George RR Martin
t US Shatters Google Plan to Trademark 'Glass'
t iPhone 6 vs Galaxy Note 3: Rumors Video Shows Dummy iPhone 6 Models  ...
e Priyanka Refuses Ice Bucket Challenge
m Ryan Lewis's Mom Opens Up on Living Decades with HIV
t Report: More Extreme Weather To Come
e Director Mike Flanagan Interview, Oculus
t LG G3 Design “Makes You Forget” Its 5.5” Size: LG Teaser Video
b Unemployment drops again to 6.1 percent in Maine
b Investors are not happy with GoPro's first earnings report
b Wal-Mart's new tool gives competitor's prices and shoppers cash back
b Oil prices fall as Iraqi output stays on line
e Actor Shia LaBeouf undergoing treatment for alcoholism
e 'Amazing Spider-Man 2′ on Track for $95 Million-Plus Opening
b Alfa Romeo: Luxury Car Getting $7B Makeover by 2018
b Unemployment Benefits Extension 2014: Job Growth Eases but tops 200k in June
b US homebuilder confidence surges in July
e Andrew Lincoln in 'The Walking Dead' Season 4
b Gold rises on concern about Ukrainian crisis
t Box buys YC-backed startup Streem
m Study Shows Electrical Stimulation Of Brain Alters Dreams
b Business in brief
m Relay for Life For the first time, students and staff collaborated to face up to a  ...
t Refocus photos again with Lytro's camera
m Your Genes May Help Pick Your Friends
m Now You See It: Woman records herself having a stroke
b Virgin America plots major growth after winning Dallas airport gates
e Macklemore Mocks Jews? Singer Says No, But...
e Palm Sunday 2014: Top 7 Interesting Facts to Know; Why Do We Celebrate this  ...
b Earnings Scheduled For July 30, 2014
e Destroy All Monsters: Winter in the Captain's America
e Las Vegan Purdy is 'Dancing With the Stars' runner-up
m CDC releases new round of anti-smoking ads featuring former smokers
e Fans relieved, saddened by AC/DC statement
b Dubai 'Mall of the World' to add 20000 hotel rooms
b Stocks log longest streak in six months
t Feds: Anti-Tesla Dealer Laws Are Bad For Competition
t Rumor: The Last of Us Remastered PS4 Release Date
e Peaches Geldof shared videos playing peek-a-boo with baby sons day before  ...
b Google gains in after-hours as sales top estimates
t T-Mobile Abolishes Consumer Overages, Challenges Other Wireless Providers  ...
b Warren Buffett opens door to bigger acquisitions
t GM to recall 1.5 million vehicles to fix electric power steering issue
t Now You Can Text 911 In An Emergency
b First quarter GDP numbers much worse than estimated
m Bacteria can linger inside airplanes for days
t 'CR' test surprise: BMW coupe beats Porsche, 'Vette
b Pandora's Box facing a Lot of Lawsuits
e Gwyneth Paltrow says it's 'very difficult' being working mom
e 'The View': Elisabeth Hasselbeck responds (with fury) over Rosie O'Donnell rumors
e The Outkast Set List We Dream Of
m Scientists Using Gene Therapy to Create Biological Pacemaker
b NEW YORK (AP) — McDonald's is fighting to hold onto customers in the US
e Maksim Chmerkovskiy on Meryl and his 'DWTS' future
e 'Cool' Emmys newcomers spotlight television's changing landscape
e Source: Scott Chitwood
b Weibo raises $286 million pricing shares at $17 apiece
e The 9 Best-Rated 'How I Met Your Mother' Episodes
e Remembering traditional Easter Sunday
e Miley Cyrus' Tour Bus Bursts Into Flames (Roll Call)
b When's the Obamacare Deadline? Good Question
b Wal-Mart Sales Woes Continue
b Amazon offers workers up to $5000 to quit
t Major meteor shower may occur this week
m 'Excessively fortified' cereals could pose risks to children, report suggests
b East Asia to grow 7.1% this year: World Bank
e Everything Wrong With New York Magazine's Terry Richardson Cover Story
e Idina Menzel says 'John Travolta and I are buddies'
t Why Tech Wearables Are Doomed
t Probe into caravan fire in Barnsley
b Malaysia will release MH370 satellite data
t Microsoft expected to announce job cuts this week
b Emirates finalises order for 150 Boeing planes worth $56 bn
e The Situation arrested after tanning salon brawl
e Bill Murray Crashes a Bachelor Party, Gives Groom and Groomsmen Advice
t PS4 global sales have passed 7 million units
e Bold rats romp in broad daylight on grass of elegant Louvre Garden, defying  ...
b Congratulations, Georgia: No More Taxes (Kind Of, Sort Of)
b Facebook Q1 Revenues, Profits Soar; New CFO Named
e Miranda Kerr poses nude and talks sex in GQ, wants to 'explore' sexual  ...
t 'Click It' campaign begins as traffic deaths increase
t Google Glass hits the shores of Britain
e 'Star Wars Episode 7' Cast: JJ Abrams Gives Fans Chance To Land Role In Film  ...
e Bachelorette Andi Dorfman, New Fiance Josh Murray Talk Wedding Plans on  ...
b Dollar holds firm as markets sniff risks of Fed hawkishness
m Oscar Pistorius' manager testifies, begging question: Is the athlete finely attuned  ...
t Apple to open iOS a little
b Scientific Games to buy rival Bally Tech for $3.27 billion
b Gorman's bet on richer clients pays off again for Morgan Stanley
e 'A Million Ways to Die in the West': The Only Review You Need to Read
e Record Store Day 2014 Shopping Guide: 30 Essential Releases
b FTC Recommends Congress Require the Data Broker Industry to be More  ...
e William Shakespeare Quotes: 22 Lines From His Plays To Celebrate The Great  ...
b Let's All Just Agree That Last Night's Herbalife Earnings Were A Total Joke
t Pinterest Adds Smarter Search Tool
t HTC One M8 for Windows Could Have Received Wi-Fi Certification Already
m New hepatitis C drug treatment 'shows promise'
t Google launches price war in the cloud
m Lab Weighs Retraction of Stem Cell Paper
t Spike in requests to remove Google search results - KMPH FOX 26 | Central San  ...
t Now Even Sony Thinks a "Selfie" Phone is a Good Idea Too
t LG G3 and G Watch coming to AT&T on July 11, pre-order from tomorrow
e Drake Pokes Fun at Sports World, Macklemore and Himself at the 2014 ESPYS  ...
t NASA's moon-orbiting robot crashes into lunar surface early, likely vaporized  ...
b Comment: ECB – risk of disinflationary expectations taking hold
e (Some) HBO Shows Headed to Amazon Prime
m Oscar Pistorius Wasn't Crazy, Psychiatrists Say
t Nintendo to launch new console (not the Wii U or 3DS) in "emerging markets"
t Netflix plans a price increase, at least for new customers
e LOS ANGELES (AP) — Edgar Wright and "Ant-Man" are going their separate ways.
t Galaxy Note 3 Neo Dual-SIM Phone to Retail At Sh52,000 in Kenya
b Tonix Pharmaceuticals Joins Russell Microcap Index
m BREAKING: House Passes SGR 'Doc Fix'; ICD-10 Delayed to 2015
e Miley Cyrus Reportedly Calls Jennifer Lawrence A Liar
t Server makers rushing out Heartbleed patches
b U.S. Jobless Claims Edge Up
e Jada Pinkett-Smith: Willow's Photos Boyfriend Moises Arias Not "Sexual" - Media  ...
m Find fun everywhere at the Senior Center
b Most Active Options Update: Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD)
e Kanye West admits it took four days to perfect his wedding photo
e Will 'The Fault in Our Stars' send Shailene Woodley to Jennifer Aniston status?
b Shell to Raise About $5 Billion by Cutting Stake in Woodside
b Will Murdoch persist in his pursuit for Time Warner?
e Comedian John Pinette found dead in Pittsburgh hotel room at age 50
t Google Inc. share price up, acquires Songza Media Inc. to boost music services  ...
t Mars Mystery Light Spotted in NASA Photos Rouses UFO Crowd
b Why Are Wrestling Fans Terrible People?
t Google Glass for sale, but for how long?
t Facebook has enormous opportunity to grow in India: Prasad
b Options fizzle down to three
e Chris Brown -- Jail Stinks, and So Do I
t Samsung's new tablets to have richer colours in screens
e Production Delayed On 'Big Bang' Season 8 As Contract Negotiations Drag On
t iPhone 6 plans leaked: Bigger, thinner
e Tyrion talks: 7 best lines of the season from the best Lannister
b German economy to slow after strong Q1 growth
e Police: Singer Scotty McCreery held up by gunman during home invasion
t A Mystery Crater in Siberia Has People Freaking Out
t Changing font could save US government millions, teen finds
t Chromecast adds Crackle, Rdio, Vudu
t LG G3: QHD resolution confirmed, 'golden hue' likely
b GoPro: This Is Not Flip Video All Over Again
e One Man's Layover Just Turned Into The Best Celine Dion Parody Of All Time!
b The 10 Worst (And Best!) Jobs of 2014
e Film Review: Muppets Most Wanted has some brilliant writing and stellar cameos
e J.K. Rowling offers glimpse of life after 'Deathly Hallows' with new Harry Potter  ...
b King Digital, CBS Outdoor Among 10 IPOs Set This Week
m There's a Scientific Reason Ecstasy Is Chemically Perfect for Dance Music
m Bryan ISD Teachers Offer Special Instruction For Autism Students
t NEW YORK - Viacom says it's settled its $1 billion copyright lawsuit against  ...
e Rio 2's Carlos Saldanha keeps it bright, but not too light (with video)
e Bitcoin makes aliyah: Cryptocurrency finds Israeli fans
e Casey Kasem made himself heard and made himself welcome: An appreciation
t Nokia Lumia 630 hits UK end of May, will retail for £89
e Selena Gomez Gets New Tattoo, Reminder in Arabic to "Love Yourself First"
e Kim Kardashian - Kim Kardashian followed by 'crazy driver'
t The Mazda Spiders are Back
e Maroon 5 To Release New Album In September
b Malaysia jet crashes in east Ukraine conflict zone
e The best 'Game of Thrones' spoofs and remixes, part two
b NTSB Offers Recommendations for Regulation of Parasailing
t LG releases new smartwatch teaser for IFA 2014
t Death knell sounded for the Sony PSP
e Anne Sweeney's Legacy: Her Hits, Misses & Contribution To Breaking The Glass  ...
e Win Custom Nike ID Sneakers in Our 'Brick Mansions' Giveaway!
e Pharrell's packed Coachella set includes Snoop, Diddy, and more
e Jennifer Connelly Talks “Noah” on “Good Morning America”
b EU urges all parties to accept outcome of Ukrainian presidential election
b Misadventures with ObamaCare
b JPMorgan Chase earnings miss estimates; mortgages, trading weaker
e Rob Kardashian slams critics ahead of Kim Kardashian, Kanye West wedding
t Apple Eyes Dr. Dre's Beats Electronics for $3.2 Billion
b Anglo jury to resume deliberations tomorrow
t Powerful Asteroids Strike Earth with Surprising Frequency (Video)
b Action camera maker GoPro reports bigger loss
e Not the best way to celebrate sobriety series
t Keller @ Large: Facebook Users React To Company's Psychological Study
t Now, try 'dummy' Google Glass sets for free in your home
m Nets' Williams hosting families affected by autism
m Acadia Drops $660M On UK Inpatient Care Provider
t GM Said to Face U.S. Justice Probe on Delay in Car Recall
t Amazon denies report that it will offer free TV, music video streaming service
b New buyers fuel more Maine home sales, but median prices dip
e Man Who Created Viral Music Video of 'All By Myself' While Stranded in Airport  ...
e Kim Kardashian Reveals Racist Attack On Daughter North West
b Thurston County's jobless rate below state average
t Happy Birthday: The web turns 25
t No longer locked out, PS4 sales set to exploit China's huge and growing middle  ...
t How will London's economy cope with climate change?
t Microsoft Admits Japan "Hasn't Always Been the Easiest" Market for Xbox
t SpaceX Dragon returns to Earth
e HBO Shows Including The Sopranos Coming to Amazon Prime
t Microsoft completes £4.6bn Nokia acquisition
b Employers in US add 209000 jobs, rate rises to 6.2 percent
t iPhone 6 Rumors: Leak Hints at New iPhone 6 Features
m Whooping Cough Reaches Epidemic Level in California
t Centerprise warns businesss to act now as the Windows XP deadline looms
t Oculus Rift vs Project Morpheus: The VR headsets duke it out at E3【RN24@E3】
m Saturated fat does not cause heart disease: Study
e Kim Kardashian Takes Picture Together With 'Fake Media Friend' Katie Couric
t PS4 and Xbox One Will Cost US Consumers $1 Billion Annually in Energy Bills
e La Toya pays tribute to Jackson
t Hackers steal info on 600K Domino's Pizza customers, seek ransom
e Did Gwyneth Paltrow prefer to pretend all was well in Chris Martin marriage?
m US traveler returning from West Africa has Lassa fever - CBS News
b Marijuana Can Now Be Sold 'Legally' In This State
b Pfizer counters criticism over AstraZeneca bid
b Should "Redskins' lose trademark protection?
t Amazon Free Streaming Service?
t Why Tesla is running over the bears
t Will Microsoft's Surface Pro 3 Really Be A Laptop Killer?
t Smart Driving Assistant Comes To Android With Crash Alerts And Do Not Disturb  ...
b Don't Miss! Tax Day Freebies
b Brent slips below $111 as Libyan PM declares oil crisis over
m Study: Autism risk higher near pesticide-treated fields
b Malaysia denies plane flew hours after losing contact- UPDATED
b Are Lululemon's Best Days Behind It?
e Laura Prepon will return to 'Orange is the New Black' full-time - for season 3
t Net Neutrality Must Apply to Mobile Internet Access Too
e 411 Box Office Report: Divergent Dominates Its Way to #1
t Customers not scared off by GM recall
b July 4 holiday weekend a time for Bay Area to celebrate
e Scout Willis Is Staging a Topless Instagram Protest
m [Graphic News] Alcohol kills 1 person every 10 seconds worldwide: WHO
t Nokia Lumia 630 to rival Motorola's Moto E with £90 price-tag
t Apple expands buybacks by $37.7 billion, OKs 7-for-1 stock split
b Regulators link seismic activity to Ohio fracking
b Hess Slimdown Continues With $2.9B Retail Gas Sale
b Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 computer re-programmed to fly away from destination?
t Could Apple be working on an iPhone 6 with curved glass?
b Asian shares slip on Crimea fears, eyes on Fed meeting
t A Closer Look at the G3's IR Laser Auto Focus System
e Demi Lovato Shows Some Skin In Mesh Mini-Dress And Talks To Seventeen  ...
b Historically low interest rates still appropriate: Yellen
m Bone marrow transplants reverse sickle cell disease in some adults: US study
b IRS Puts Taxpayers on Hold Indefinitely
m Why You Should Fear Ebola and Give a Damn About West Africa
t Purported IPhone 6 Pictures Said To Come From Inside Foxconn
e 'Big Bang Theory' Production Delayed: Jim Parsons, Kaley Cuoco Ready To Walk?
t Titanfall Gives Xbox One Sales A Boost in UK
e Rapper Benzino credits dead mom for saving him after being shot at her funeral
m Air pollution killed 7 million people in 2012
e Ruby Dee Dies; Legendary Actress and Activist Passes Away in New York Home  ...
m Mad cow scare prompts Fruitland American Meat to recall 4000 pounds of  ...
b Facebook CEO reaps $3.3B gain from stock options - KTUL.com - Tulsa  ...
e Bachelorette Contestant Eric Hill Dies After Paragliding Accident
e Video: Solange Attacks Jay Z in Elevator in Front Of Beyonce
t Destiny Beta Dates Announced: PS4 and PS3 Receive First Access on July 17th
b Tesla Motors, Inc. Is Just Getting Revved Up
e Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner Crash Kids' Party in Detroit Area
b Cargill to Close Milwaukee Beef Plant Friday, Lay-off 600 Workers
b PATRICK SEMANSKY/ASSOCIATED PRESS
e Kayne West commissions `Royal portrait` of Kim K as wedding gift
b Michael's Stores Confirm Payment Card Data Breach
e Sue Townsend dies: Adrian Mole's 13 and 3/4 most cutting quotes
m Marathon training could help the heart
b IATA expects airline profits to hit $18B in 2014
b U.S. home sales up, but still lagging
e Save that for your wedding night! Kim Kardashian exposes thighs and bust in  ...
t Samsung Galaxy Ace Style aims at the low-end market
e McCarthy's 'Tammy' misses the funny bone
b Sen. Schumer Calls For WTO Suit Over Chinese Hacking
b EMC (EMC) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Meets Expectations
e It's the vinyl countdown - Record Store Day is near
t Dell, Intel and Samsung form internet of things partnership
e Easter Again
b Bankers should expect a pay raise this year and other banking reads
e Tony Bennett and Lady Gaga record 'Cheek To Cheek'
t GM sued for wrongful death in faulty ignition case
t Apple quietly boost the spec and the lower the price of Macbook Air
t Google announces Android Wear, LG and Motorola on board
e Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin 'Had an Open Relationship'
t Why timing is everything in battle to turn the tide on climate change crisis
t Snowden: NSA data-collection 'setting fire' to Internet future
e Kim Kardashian, Brandon Jenner Kissed 'Back in the Day,' Brody Jenner  ...
b Hillshire Brands to Buy Pinnacle Foods for $4.3 Billion -- Update
t Google and AT&T Look to Dominate High-Speed Internet While Crushing the  ...
t Google to Launch Android TV with Exciting Features
m Is this the best Mother's Day gift ever? Identical twin girls born holding hands in  ...
b Mind the gap: Lessons from today's 14% fall in Twitter shares
e Why 'Noah' will face rough seas
e New Look At Green Goblin In 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2' Plus Two New  ...
e Jack White records songs, releases vinyl in hours
e Harry Potter is back, and he's all grown up
e 'Captain America: Winter Soldier' Storms Europe – Is 'Avengers' Effect Still in Play?
e 'Neighbors' unseats Spider-Man to top box office
t Study lays out climate change consequences
t GM rushing to repair cars in ignition-switch recall
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West wedding reports false
m S Korea state insurer sues tobacco firms
e Nude photo of Duchess Kate in Australia published by Bild
e Lana Del Rey has split from her long-term boyfriend
e Unpacking the 'Mad Men' Premiere: Can Don Draper Ever...
b IMF lowers estimate of US economic growth in 2014 to 2 pct. from previous 2.7  ...
b Royal Philips Electronics NV: First Quarter Results 2014
m Too Much Codeine Still Prescribed to U.S. Kids: Study
e Linwood: Churches offer plenty of ways to celebrate Easter
e 6 more stupid moments One Direction will want to forget, after Louis and Zayn's  ...
b Postal Service Workers To Protest At Staples Store In OKC
e Robert De Niro Opens Up About His Gay Father
t America Just Launched a Rocket on a Secret Mission Into Space
e Box Office: Captain America Sequel Narrowly Tops Rio 2
b Charney raises American Apparel stake as founder steps up battle
t Samsung's next smartwatch will be able to replace your Galaxy S5 or iPhone
e Orlando Bloom vaulted sofa to reach Bieber
b Google Shopping Express Same-Day Delivery Service Expanded To Manhattan  ...
b Twitter founders, CEO to keep shares
e Home > Demi Lovato > Demi Lovato Feuding With Selena Gomez?
e Morrissey cancels US tour due to health
e Woman films own abortion to show people it's not so scary
e Selena Gomez unfollowed everyone on Instagram. | Instagram
b Dollar climbs on rates, euro anxieties
m WHO: Guinea's Ebola outbreak 'small'
b Oregon sues makers of 5-hour Energy, says ads are deceptive
t Google debuts 'Time Travel' feature in Street View
e Alice from The Brady Bunch dies
t Honda recalls nearly 900000 Odyssey vans in US
t Which 2014 smartphone is best for gaming?
e Watch the 'Friends' women reunite on 'Jimmy Kimmel Live'
e Watch daredevil Chris Martin perform dangerous knife throwing stunt with  ...
e Don't Speak, Sing! Bullets Over Broadway, Starring Zach Braff, Opens on the  ...
e Gwen Stefani Confirms She's Joining "The Voice"
t AT&T plus DirecTV: What to expect
e Eve Is Married!
b 3 Reasons General Electric Company's $16.9 Billion Bid For Alstom's Energy  ...
e Spiderman 2 Ousted From Top Spot
t You are here! Home > SCIENCE and TECHNOLOGY > Volcanoes sustained life  ...
e Stephen Colbert, the character, doesn't envy whoever replaces Letterman on  ...
e Floyd Mayweather Tour Bus Shoot-Up After TI 'Fight' FALSE! Death Hoax Erupts  ...
e Easter Candy and Chocolates: Our Favorites
b UPDATE 2-Nuclear power producer Exelon to buy Pepco for $6.83 bln
t The wearable wars: Where does Google 'Fit' in?
t Google rumored to buy Twitch for $1 billion
e Police Arrest Miley Cyrus Fan Who Snuck Backstage, Left Note, Tweeted About It
b PRECIOUS-Gold steadies ahead of Fed meeting outcome
m St. Jude acquires remaining shares of CardioMEMS for $375M
t Google Glass Update Brings Support For Android 4.4 KitKat, Removes Glass  ...
e Bryan Singer bows out of 'X-Men' press amid abuse scandal
t Android Wear apps misfire: paid installs broken (for now)
m Bacteria can survive on plane surfaces for days, new research finds
e Black Captain America unveiled
b 7.4 percent growth for China's GDP in 1st quarter
b Heartbleed flaw behind tax hack
b Spanish and German CPI may pressure ECB
e Rolling Stones cancel Australian concert and Mick Jagger's daughter Georgia  ...
e Anti-apartheid writer Nadine Gordimer dies
m Jordanian government urges caution as 5th MERS death reported
e Oprah teams up with Starbucks to sell chai tea
t Business update: Visionary or looney? Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg on  ...
t HTC CEO: "The HTC One (M8) is the Best Phone we Have Ever Launched"
t Under Pressure From "Family Values" Groups, Google Stops Running Porn Ads
e Kim Kardashian's Boobs Want You To Know That They're Not A Boring Old  ...
e Game of Thrones' Horrible Humans Somehow Get More Horrible
b Euro zone manufacturing PMI 51.8 vs. 51.9 forecast
b Malaysia Plane: The Saga Continues
b AT&T agrees to buy DirecTV in $48.5 billion deal - 6 Hours Ago
m Higher Autism Numbers May Not Mean More Kids Actually Have It
b Colorado gets $2 million from marijuana taxes
e Elisabeth Hasselbeck Slams Rosie O'Donnell for Possibly Returning to 'The View'
t How the Mustang Evolved in the Last 50 Years [Video]
e Miley Cyrus hospitalized, cancels KC and St. Louis concerts
t Lord Stern says economic models of climate change need better climate science
e 5SOS Or 1D?! Kendall Jenner's Billboard Blunder
t California “kill switch” bill passes State Senate
e Grapevine: Jazz great Jimmy Scott dies
e Review: Love amidst life, death and cancer in 'Fault in our Stars'
e Craig Ferguson says 'Late Late Show' exit was in works for a while
t Toyota To Pay $1.2 Billion Federal Penalty, Criminal Charges Filed
t Heartbleed Bug threatens web users privacy
t Own a Ford? You could receive a check in the mail
t Fitbit Companion App for Windows Phone 8.1 Now Available for Download
b British inflation surges to five-month high in June
e Castle Spoilers: Season 6 Finale a 'Wild mission filled with masked men and  ...
b Amazon Allures Hachette Authors With E-Book Proceeds - Update
b Briefcase
t Now There's An Upside To Live Volcanos: They Kept Animals From Freezing  ...
b BC economic forecast for 2014 to 2018
b Squirrel Causes $300K Damage, Gets Fried To Death
t Google to sell modular smartphone in January
e RIP Sue Townsend, Creator of Adrian Mole
b Microsoft says that cloud gave profits slide a silver lining
m GlaxoSmithKline recalls weight loss drug Alli after foreign pills found in bottles
t Tesla to open source ALL of its patents, won't sue anyone for using its technology
t Each MIT undergraduate to get $100 in Bitcoin
b Stock market ends flat after Federal Reserve delivers no surprises with latest  ...
e Katie Couric and John Molner marry in small ceremony
t Google's diabetes 'smart' lens licensed to Novartis
t Halo 5: Guardians announced and given a fall 2015 release date
b Inequality arguments: The 1% vs. the 2% vs. the .01%
e Met Opera cancels live transmission due to anti-Semitism concerns
e Idris Elba and Girlfriend Welcome Son
b BlackBerry sustains heavy losses
b Target CEO is out in wake of security breach
t Samsung Galaxy line expanded in UK
b What Does the End of QE Mean for Markets?
b Nikkei gains on upbeat US corporate earnings, data
e Jason Bateman spells trouble, gets mean in 'Bad Words'
b Cuomo should push hard for LIRR settlement
b My Turn: NC Republicans raise taxes
b US judge to hold hearing in Argentina bondholder litigation
b Germany's BMW to invest $1 billion in Mexico plant
b online appearances
t Apple Hires TAG Heuer's Sales Director to assist iWatch Launch
b Barclays boss Antony Jenkins defends bonuses despite restructuring
t Microsoft shuts down No-IP accounts in anti-malware battle
t Why Windows 8's usage share is so low, and why it's really not that bad
t Virtual world tops cosmic charts for scale, rigor
b Technical problems plague HealthCare.gov on last day
b Dubai plans mega-mall
t Facebook Unveils A Breaking-News Tool For
m Company wellness programs OK -- but not punitive ones
t Samsung Launches Affordable Galaxy Core II, Galaxy Ace 4, Galaxy Young 2  ...
e 'Saturday Night Live' Fires Cast Member - Are More Changes on the Way  ...
t Tim Cook says Apple is "on the prowl"; acquired 24 companies in the last 18  ...
e Otaku Idol Shokotan Voices Heroine of "Transformers: Age of Extinction"
b Disney targets millennials with $500M takeover of Maker Studios
e Justin Timberlake Tops Lindsay Lohan's Sex List
e Martin not involved in 'Father of the Bride 3' for now
b UK current account deficit near record high at £22.4bn
e My Drug Buddies: Watch the trippy-ass NSFW video Miley Cyrus made with  ...
e The Bachelorette 2014 Finale Predictions: Who Gets The Final Rose?
t Net neutrality and the fight for your TV
b Scoreboard: At your service
e Iron Man 4: Why It Won't Happen
m Less Than 2% Of Americans Identify As Gay Or Lesbian
e Florence official: Kim Kardashian and Kanye West will wed May 24
m Kirkland freeze dried fruit and Dole bagged salad recalled due to contamination  ...
m Most Challenging Places To Live With Spring Allergies: Here is the list
e Being Barbara Walters in a Man's World
e Latinos pour heart and soul into music, food at Columbia Cinco de Mayo festival
e The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back  ...
m America Ranks 31st Among Best And Worst Countries To Be A Mother
e Coachella 2014: Festival offers plenty of activities for campers
t FCC extends net neutrality comment deadline after 'overwhelming' traffic
m One Of Pharma's Biggest Enemies Goes After The Future's Best-Selling Drug
t OKCupid experimented on users just like Facebook did because “That's how  ...
b A look at all the manufacturing PMI readings around the world
t Samsung launches Knox 2.0 security software on Galaxy S5 worldwide
m West Nile virus found in two horses in Cache Creek area
b French politics trump business over Alstom
e Photo Coverage: TRANSCENDENCE Red Carpet Premiere - Starring Johnny  ...
m First time Ebola has surfaced in West Africa
t Larger 5.5-inch Apple iPhone 6 allegedly delayed till 2015
m 4 in 10 teens text while driving, fewer admit smoking
e Shaun White crashes Pennsylvania prom, surprises Carly Monzo
t The perils of working with your partner
e Obama visits 9/11 museum; says terrorism 'can't break us'
m Rising Carbon Emissions Could Cause Massive Malnutrition As Zinc And Iron  ...
t Samsung announces Galaxy Tab S UK release date
e Watch Music Box vs. Melissa Jimenez on The Voice 2014 Season 6 Battle  ...
e Actor Tracy Morgan now in fair condition after crash
t Two Bankruptcies, But One Company Actually Felt Close To Death
b Amazon pressure tactics reported in Hachette contract talks
e How Michael Jackson's children are doing 5 years after his death
e Neil Young Finally Gets To Make Pono, His High-End MP3 Player, Thanks To  ...
b IRS employees with tax and conduct issues still got awards, watchdog report finds
e Drew Barrymore, husband Will Kopelman welcome daughter Frankie
e Game Of Thrones: 5 Things We'll Miss About (Spoiler!)
t Amazon's Fire phone's out but will it come to India?
b US jury orders Takeda to pay $6 billion over Actos diabetes drug
t The US Government Would Save $400 Million If It Just Switched Typefaces
e Mick Jagger on L'Wren Scott: 'I will never forget her'
e 'Transformers' Taxi Prank: How Optimus Prime Ended Up as Uber Driver (Video)
b EPA Carbon Rule: “Bold Step” to Tackle Climate Change
t Apple probably working on 'smart EarPods' for iPhone 6
e Nirvana Steal the Show at Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Celebration
b Target's CEO loses his job in fallout from huge security breach; 'A new era' for  ...
t Apple rumours - Mac to look more iPadish, iOS to be 64-bit only
e Michael Jace Officially Charged with Murder; Wife Had Multiple Gunshot Wounds
t 5/6 - CNN: White House Climate Change Warning Report - Update
t Business Highlights
e A Spoiler-Heavy Preview Of 'Star Wars: Episode VII' Aired During 'Dancing With  ...
b ECB Chief Draghi Keeps Door Open for Action to Boost Growth
e Sultan of Brunei's Beverly Hills Hotel boycotted over rights issues
b IMF Says Russian Economy Is Now In Recession
m Trimel to Present at the JMP Securities Healthcare Conference
e Selena Gomez needs kindness
m Acrostic on a fallen medical hero
e Robin Thicke Names Seventh Studio Album after Estranged Wife Paula Patton
b Southwest Airlines takes aim at Virgin America with new low fares
e Halle Berry plays a preggers astronaut on 'Extant'
e War Breaks Out in New Dawn of the Planet of the Apes Trailer
e Jenny Lewis – 'The Voyager' Album Review
e 'Veronica Mars' Fans Offered Refunds After Download Issues
b Nigeria becomes biggest economy in South Africa
b Baxter Plans To Split Into Two Companies - Quick Facts
t Adidas Wants You to Put Instagram Photos on Shoes
b Indianapolis Colts owner Jim Irsay was released Monday afternoon after his  ...
e Kiefer Sutherland's Rep Responds to Freddie Prinze Jr.'s Accusations!
b Canadian Dollar Advances After FOMC Minutes Lead to US Dollar Selloff
e Watch: Hilarious Red Band Trailer for "Sex Tape"
t Samsung announced Galaxy Tab S', bolsters marvelous display that standouts  ...
b Comcast-TWC Merger: Deal or No Deal?
m Health officials investigating E. coli illnesses in N. Idaho, eastern Washington
e Lady Gaga Reveals She's 'Submissive' In Relationship With Boyfriend Taylor  ...
e Paramount Deletes Controversial Australian 9/11 Poster Tweet
t Irish websites 'vulnerable' to Heartbleed bug
b Zillow to acquire Trulia for $3.5B
e Khloe Kardashian Ignores Lamar Odom As He 'Blows Up Her Phone With  ...
t Austin COTA MotoGP : Honda's Marquez Dominates Race, Ducati On Podium
e Liam Hemsworth is worried about Miley Cyrus, who's still recovering in hospital
t Text to 911 now available in Allegheny County
e Drew Barrymore Names Baby Girl Frankie! See Adorable Pictures Of Will  ...
t Dear John Legere, stop blaming others and fix your own issues
m 'Phony' stem cell research fabricated, guilty scientists to be punished in Japan
b Alibaba releases Q2 results; Yahoo up slightly
b Black box detector to join search for missing Malaysian jet after Chinese plane  ...
b Coach's Handbags Lose Their Luster, Shares Move Sharply Lower
e Katie Couric weds John Molner in small ceremony
e Emma Stone Debuts New Bob At Birdman Premiere In Venice — You Like?
t Creator of a virtual reality sensation
b Erdogan threatens Twitter ban as vote looms
b US grounds entire F-35 fleet for engine probe
e Easter at Heritage Baptist Church
t FCC looking into slow internet download speeds
t AAA Mid-Atlantic sees gas price hike lasting into April; prices still down from a  ...
t Netflix Fears 'Internet Tolls'
b Sales of new homes in US plunge 14.5 percent in March
b Aerolineas Argentineas caused UTair Russian airliner to perform dangerous  ...
t Amazon's Phone Makes Sense for Amazon, Maybe Not for Consumers
t Facebook, Sony make a play for virtual reality
b ECB's Weidmann says sanctions would put brake on Russian economy
b Wal-Mart pounces on book sales opportunity
t Ford F-150 pickup again rated highest on America-Made Index
b Crisis Has Been Overcome, Even if Europe Is Still Not Out of the Woods
e Mila Kunis Pregnancy Confirmed: Actress Debuts Baby Bump Following Ashton  ...
t NSA leaker Snowden says has no regrets for leaks - KTVN Channel 2 - Reno  ...
t Harrisburg area's average gas price is 28 cents a gallon higher than a year ago
t Facebook Global Outage Costs Social Network $600000
b “In Defense of the Affordable Care Act”
b Oil rises on Iraq conflict, upbeat China data
t A limited number of Google Glass devices to go on sale in the US for one day  ...
e Keep calm! Harrison Ford, Mark Hamill and Carrie Fisher confirmed for new Star  ...
e Transformers Age of Extinction Review: Bombastic Blockbuster
t First full lunar eclipse of the year delights Americas
e Kristen Stewart dropped from sequel of 'Snow White...'
e Leonardo DiCaprio Will Return in The Revenant
m Edwards Lifesciences gets FDA OK for new heart valve
b Proposed federal EPA rule would protect streams, wetlands
e Kim and Kanye celebrate North's first birthday
e Dawn of the Planet of the Apes new trailer war begins
t BiS in brief: Savannah gas prices slip slightly
e Kim Kardashian Shows Off Magical View From Pre-Wedding Brunch
t Bomb scare diverts Sony chief's flight as PlayStation and Xbox hit by cyber attack
e Be active this Easter
t Ford's Mustang Turns 50
e Too long? It's a real epic, says Transformers director
b Candy Crush maker King Digital's stock opens below IPO price in Wall Street debut
e Amber Heard encourages Johnny Depp to perform with rock band The Kids
m Coffee Can Prevent Blindness? Research Suggests It Fights Retinal Degeneration
b Carney revamps Bank of England says will avoid past "flaws"
b US Economy Grew At Strong Rate This Spring
e 'Mr. Peabody & Sherman' tops box office with $21.2 million
t Google moves a step closer to...
t UN: Climate change caused by humans
t HTC One M8 camera test
e 'Walking Dead's' Andrew Lincoln: 'We Ran Into Hell'
m 'I Knew It Wouldn't Be Easy,' Outgoing Health Secretary Sebelius Says
t Rough weekend for Sony with PSN DDoS attack and a bomb threat
b Euro eases in Asia
e Zach Braff's 'Wish I Was Here' doesn't live up to the hype
b US Cuts Recoverable Oil Estimates At Monterey Shale By 96%
b U.S. Markit Flash April PMI Stands at 55.4
b NYMEX-US crude rises above $107 on escalating Iraq risks
e 'Bachelor' Vets Slam Juan Pablo's Finale as 'Painful to Watch'
e Jay Z's “Made In America” Festival To Take Place In LA & Philly Simultaneously
b Opening Statement: Federal Reserve's Policy Decision
e Susan Sarandon talks Tammy, and using up all her first-time director 'coupons'
e Spider Plus Man: “Spider-Man” Review
t GM Recalls Nearly 29000 Cruzes To Fix Air Bags
m Organic mangos recalled over possible listeria contamination
b McDonald's earnings slide on weak sales growth
e She really runs the world - Beyonce lands coveted 'Time' cover
t FTC Alleges T-Mobile Made “Hundreds of Millions” From Bogus SMS Charges
t NOAA lists 20 coral species as threatened under the Endangered Species Act
e A compilation of Bert Cooper's musical moments
t 2014 Meteor Shower: What Time and Where to Watch Online the May  ...
b The Medtronic, Covidien Inversion Deal Is More About Dividends Than Tax
e Kim and Kanye invest in North West's education, shares baby's cutest picture yet
t Google Glass upgraded with 2GB RAM, Viewfinder mode
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West honeymoon in Ireland, reports say
b Amazon's Classic Take On The Classics
t Samsung Galaxy S5 mini officially unveiled with 4.5-inch HD display
m ALERT: Hummus And Dip Recall Nation Wide Due To Concerns Of Listeria
m India declared free from Polio
t Heartbleed Bug Prompts Tech Giants To Donate $3.6 Million To Support Open  ...
e Q&A: Arnold Schwarzenegger praises Jerry Brown
t Intel buys health band maker Basis
e Lindsay Lohan 'Lovers List': Ashton Kutcher, Orlando Bloom, Ryan Phillipe  ...
e Chris Hemsworth & Elsa Pataky Announce Names Twins -- See First Photo!
e Ryan Gosling debut fails to light Cannes critics' fire
t Google Chromecast is now available in a dozen countries
b Gas prices not slowing holiday travelers down
e Channing Tatum Talks Funfetti Obsession, Ridiculous Jonah Hill Bet + More in GQ
b US PPI Fall Unexpectedly in May
b Candy Crush almost sweetens Wall Street
b Mixed trading picture on Wall Street ... Dollar Tree buys Family Dollar ... Airline  ...
b Morgan Stanley's Profit Rises -- 3rd Update
t Flappy Bird may rise again, creator says
e Kevin Sharp, 43, Dies: Country Singing Star Battled Cancer in '90s
b Economy Watch: Economy Adds 209K Jobs in July, Serious Delinquencies Drop
b China JD.com raises US$1.78b in US IPO
e North Korea calls Seth Rogen-James Franco 'The Interview' as 'act of terrorism'
t FTC: T-Mobile charged customers millions in bogus fees
b Asian shares slip after weak China, Japan data
t UPDATE 2-US, UK advise avoiding Internet Explorer until bug fixed
e Weird Al's 'Tacky' is a star-filled take on Pharrell's 'Happy'
e Kim Kardashian slams false wedding rumours
e Blythe Danner Heartbroken Over Daughter's Divorce
m Unexplained rash? Your iPad may be to blame
e Beyoncé and Solange Fled to Costa Rica After Jay Z Elevator Brawl
b Crude slips to three-week low
m Star Medical Center Gastroenterologist Provides Tips for Colon Health
b Roche agrees to pay up to £1bn for US cancer drug firm Seragon
t Caruba: Science, Free Speech, and the Courts
e Aust comics pay tribute to Seinfeld
m Now, headband that could make migraines history
b South Africa Credit Rating Cut to BBB- by S&P on Weak Growth
b Bracing for Railroad Strike
t Facebook suffers longest outage since 2010
b US economy grows 2.6% in Q4
e The Fault In Our Stars Clip Revealed At The MTV Movie Awards
e FILM FANS: 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier' is action packed hit
b UPDATE 3-Bank of America to pay $9.3 bln to settle mortgage bond claims
m MERS Virus Strikes Again In United States
t Cherry Tree From Outer Space Exhibits Abnormal Growth
t Verizon HTC One (M8) launches as buy-one-get-one
e Michael's Not My Bae: How "Transformers: Age of Extinction" Officially Broke Me  ...
e Shia LaBeouf arrested at New York
t Apple Invents New iDevice Super-Resolution Camera Engine
m WHAT OTHERS SAY: E-cigs aren't cigarettes and need their own regulations
m Offspring autism risk linked to pesticide exposure during pregnancy
t Charter urges TWC investors not to endorse company's merger with Comcast
e Eight Borderline Interesting Things About the Kimye Wedding
b Stronger sterling could delay Bank of England rate rise - BoE's Bean
t Nokia scrambling to settle Chennai plant issue as Microsoft deal almost finalised
t Twitch Has Officially Been Acquired by Amazon for $1 Billion
t Police begin annual 'Click It or Ticket' campaign
m Study Finds DNA of Friends is More Similar Than Strangers
m VIDEO: Pancreatic Cancer Could Be Second Most Deadly Cancer By 2030
m Healthy placenta home to mouth bacteria: Study
t New Anti-Renewable Energy Amendment Passes
b Can Lorillard Inc. (NYSE:LO) Reach The Final Deal With Reynolds American, Inc  ...
t LG's G Watch has arrived on Google Play
e You've Never Seen Lena Dunham Like This Before! The #1 Girl Goes Total  ...
b Bank of America to pay $11.7 billion over mortgage bonds sold to Fannie, Freddie
b US MIDDAY: wheat falls
t Ford, Chrysler each announce large recalls
b Stocks turn higher in choppy trading
t Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Available in U.S. Beginning May 1
e Brittany Murphy: Film to Release Years After Her Death
t Download Links of iOS 7.1.1 IPSW for iPhone and iPad - Touch ID and Security  ...
t International Space Station Astronauts Receive Supplies from Cargo Ship
b Apple May Buy Dr. Dre's Beats for $3.2 Billion
e Orange Is The New Black – Season Two Trailer
e Is 'Sam & Cat' season 2 in question? Jeannette McCurdy explains Kids' Choice  ...
m Salmonella outbreak linked to Foster Farms chicken from California continues
b Krispy Kreme UK kicks off World Cup with themed doughnuts
e Dolly Parton dazzles at Glastonbury as she is given honour for record sales
t Feds accuse T-Mobile of bogus billing
b AG Says Mississippians to be Paid from SunTrust Settlement
e 'The Purge: Anarchy': All the brutality, none of the irony of original
t State taking part in annual 'Click it or Ticket' campaign
e Queen to release new album with unreleased Freddie Mercury songs!
e 'Star Wars Episode 7' Plot: Harrison Ford May Miss 8 Weeks Of Filming Due To  ...
t Novartis and Google working on smart contact lenses
m Your iPad may be the cause of skin rashes: report
b GM recalls 3.4M more cars for ignition problems - FOX Carolina 21
e Katie Hopkins calls Kim Kardashian's baby North West 'an ugly baby with  ...
e Fleetwood Mac to launch tour with both McVies
m Why Sarepta Therapeutics (SRPT) Stock Is Soaring Today
b Chocolate maker Lindt buys Russell Stover
e A Moon for the Misbegotten
b BMW says expects to improve product pricing with new models
m Moods and emotions are spread by social media
t Russian-Western crew blasts off for ISS onboard Soyuz rocket
e Lena Dunham gets naked on SNL for amazing Girls/Garden of Eden sketch  ...
t Will there be ads one day on your Nest thermostat?
e 22 Jump Street makes it look simple
e 'Godzilla' leads 2014 movie mistakes
e Scott leaves $9M estate to Jagger
m Studies that claimed simple way to make stem cells retracted after 'extensive  ...
e Six Iranians arrested for making video set to Pharrell Williams' 'Happy,' but  ...
t Heart Bleed Virus Update: Open SSL Computer Bug - How to Protect Gmail  ...
m 11-year-old girl mauled by raccoon as a baby to get new ear
b Blackberry Ltd. loss in fourth quarter narrows to $423M
e How To Train Your Dragon 2 Wants To Be This Generation's Empire Strikes Back
m California medical malpractice cap initiative, potentially “most expensive” in state  ...
e Arrow - "The Man Under the Hood" (Apr. 16)
b BNP Paribas Fined Record $8.9 Billion for Sanctions Violations
e High Desert family grabs sneak peek of summer blockbuster movie
e Show Opener, March 26th
t E3 2014: $399 Xbox Ones "Flying Off The Shelves" at GameStop
t End of era for Windows XP
e 'Happy' Video Participants, but not Director, Freed in Iran, Group Says
t Apple's iPhone 'Lock-out' Patent Could End Texting While Driving
b Yellen Says Europe Being Held Back by Problems in Banking Sector
e Robin Thicke on New Album, Wooing Paula
e Q&A: Shigeru Ban, 2014 Pritzker Laureate
b Roundup: Nikkei closes up 0.29 pct. on global economic optimism
t How small birds evolved from giant meat eating dinosaurs
t Supreme Court rules for broadcasters in Aereo case
m Walnut And Hummus Recall; Products Sold At Major Retailers Could Be  ...
e Gia Coppola's 'Palo Alto' conjures restless, unformed youth
t REVIEW: Sony Xperia Z2
m Deadly Ebola virus spreads from rural Guinea to capital
t Space Station Computer Outage Could Affect SpaceX Launch
b Harvard's Kenneth Rogoff: Income Distribution Becoming More Equal in  ...
t Insect Replaces Cheetah As Fastest Animal In The World, Scientists Say
e Finding faith in the San Fernando Valley, April 11-18, 2014
b Small Data: The huge cost of developing drugs
t 8 Must Know Things About The Heartbleed Bug
e Aereo Delivers Great Local TV Service to Cord-Cutters. For Now.
e Rush Limbaugh blasts CBS for hiring Stephen Colbert, says war has been  ...
b United States economy strong enough to keep taper on track
e Ian Ziering thought 'Sharknado' would end career
b Energy Game Changers?
e Warhol digital images from 1985 revealed by Pittsburgh computer club
e So This Is What Twitter Has To Say About The #WorldsMostTalkedAboutCouple
e 'Game of Thrones': What you need to know for Season 4
t French Telecom Company Iliad Rumored to Make a Bid for T-Mobile USA
e Winter Sleep wins Palm d'Or at Cannes
t NASA endeavoring for Asteroid-Capture Mission
e Egypt's military chief making plans for campaign
b US Jobless Claims Fall To 4-Month Low
b Candy Crush maker King in $500 mln Wall Street debut
e San Diego comic book convention threatens legal action vs. Salt Lake City  ...
b A British Woman Claims To Have Seen The Missing Malaysia Jet While Yachting  ...
m Cancer Rates On the Rise
e Kickstarter user raises $4000 just so he can make a potato salad
b Obama to discuss minimum wage in Michigan visit
e Authentication of Collins artifacts are not a concern for Alamo
e VIDEO: Watch Music Video for Tony Bennett & Lady Gaga's 'Anything Goes'!
e Live Performances Begin on "The Voice"
b EPA Mulling Stricter Disclosure on Fracking Fluids
e Powdered alcohols no longer have label approvals - Business, Government  ...
t Facebook launches friend-tracking feature
e First featurette for Disney's Maleficent
t Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey TV Schedule, VIDEO; Watch Obama Introduces  ...
m Just Because It's Sweet And Sticky Doesn't Mean It's 'Honey' -U.S. FDA
b Radio Host Sullivan: NYT Fired Abramson for Criticizing Obama
e True Detective FAQ: The Finale's Biggest Questions, Answered
b Are Americans Feeling Better About Their Economic Prospects?
t 'Uncarrier' T-Mobile Offers Free Music Streaming, Launches New 'UnRadio  ...
b US reaches out to Modi government, India says cyber snooping unacceptable
t Driverless cars are coming to the UK as government confirms laws
m Aspirin: FDA Says 'No' Others Say 'Yes'
t Apple-Comcast Talks Shows Power of New Media
e Lea Michele Tweets Adorable Photo of Cory Monteith on His Birthday
b Can The Euro Recover Ahead Of The ECB?
b Jury Hits Drugmakers with $9 Billion in Punitive Damages
e No meat at 'Noah' party
e Melissa McCarthy's 'Tammy' Is Likable, and Not Much Else
m Peace Corps evacuates over Ebola outbreak
b Lafarge tops turnover chart as Holcim takeover closes
e Cameron Diaz has a new spin on 'The Other Woman'
t Ray-Ban to make and sell Google Glass eyewear
b PM Modi Denied Visa by Different Government, We Will Welcome him: John  ...
t Astronauts play zero gravity soccer
t Mayors Unanimously Pass Climate Resolution
t Facebook expanding Iowa data center footprint
t Grand Prix of Americas 2014: Race Schedule, Live Stream Info and Riders to  ...
b Equal Pay Day - Making Maryland Even Better for Women
b WWE Talent Frustrated By Vince McMahon Constantly Changing His Mind
m MRA Applauds Surgeon General's Call to Action to Prevent Skin Cancer
e People's Most Beautiful: Lupita Nyong'o
e Disney Media Networks Co-Chairman to Resign
b Target Appoints New Chief Information Officer, Outlines Updates on Security  ...
m US Ranked Last On Scorecard Of Health Care Systems
b Pound US Dollar Exchange Rate (GBP/USD) Holds Gain Even as the US  ...
t Thought Google I/O was only about consumers? Think again
e Jill Abramson, former Executive Editor of the New York Times, walks with  ...
t Android bug can push devices into an endless reboot loop
t AAA: Gas highest price for early summer since 2008
m Ebola virus: UK health officials issue warning to doctors as experts admit the  ...
e Miranda Kerr reveals she wants to 'explore' her bisexuality after Orlando Bloom  ...
m Childhood bullying 'can lead to depression and unemployment in adulthood'
e The Science Behind 'Transcendence'
e Justin Bieber to Skate By on Alleged Phone Theft
b Young: Your four-door hamster wheel
m Scientists Identify Antibodies Against Deadly Emerging Disease
e Time Remaining: 1 Days
t Ford Mustang turns 50 with no hint of mid-life crisis
e 2014 FIFA World Cup Official Theme Song 'We Are One (Ole Ola)' Feat. Pitbull  ...
e Miranda Kerr, Orlando Bloom Divorce Update: Actor Still Loves Ex-Wife?
e VIDEO: Solange Knowles Attacks Jay-Z in Elevator
t New Google Glass headsets ship with more memory, everyone gets help with  ...
e Chris O'Dowd shines in 'Of Mice and Men'
t PlayStation 4 Tops Xbox One In Monthly Sales Despite Xbox Sales Doubling
t PERSONAL TECH Tesla Handing Over the Keys to Its Technology
t Mid-Ocean Plastics Cleanup Schemes: Too Little Too Late?
e tvtype: Stephen Colbert devotes episode of 'The Colbert Report' to #Cancel  ...
b Weibo shares jump 19pc in market debut
b Fed Comments on Investor Complacency Fails to Deter Markets
b Average 30-Year Mortgage Rate Up to 4.33 Pct
b Best Buy Beats Earnings: Turnaround Sign or Short-Term Rebound?
e NEW YORK DAILY NEWS
e Alexander Wang and H&M Join Forces In The Mother Of All Designer  ...
t Warming Worsens Security Woes
e Powdered alcohol aka palcohol is approved for sale in US
b GM Recalls 824000 More Vehicles In U.S.
b 3 NFL players named in police report, not charged
e 'Full House' On The Way Back with John Stamos, Bob Saget
e Michael Bay Talks Transformers: Age of Extinction
b Wal-Mart will buy your used video games now
b Nation briefs
e Lost River: Matt Smith in first trailer for Ryan Gosling film
m Be an organ donor. It's easy, essential
t 'Superman' Gave 70% of the Apple Keynote
t Apple (AAPL): Wells Fargo Negative on Rumored Beats Deal
m Paraplegic to Kickoff the World Cup in a Robo-suit
t Manatees may move from endangered to threatened on gov't list
b Participants of rally for united Ukraine in Donetsk attacked by Pro-Russian activists
e Chris Martin to mentor on The Voice US
b Chief Justice Roberts Refuses to Block Ruling Canceling Teva Patent
m Alzheimer's Estimates Draw Attention To How The Disease Is Defined
t Reports: Apple and Google moving deeper into home automation, security
b Bank Earnings: A Mixed Bag
e Fleetwood Mac to tour with Christine McVie: 'Rumours' no more
b Stocks pull back from all-time records; factory orders beat
t Bloomberg via Getty Images
e Beyonce almost attacked 50 Cent!
e Emma Watson Flaunts Her Favourite Asset... Again
e Review: Tammy
m Six suspected MERS cases in Egypt: Health Minister
e 'Once Upon a Time' season 3: Ginnifer Goodwin, Josh Dallas marry in small  ...
e Watch the first trailer for Horrible Bosses 2
b Taco Bell Reveals Exactly What's In Its Mystery Meat
t Displaying a 2015 Ford Mustang Convertible atop the Empire State Building
t Fraud, sex, post-it art: Google cuts search links
e Dancing With the Stars Winner Revealed -- Who Took Home the Trophy!?
t What is Spritz? How the 1000 words per minute reading app works
e David Muir is ready to take over as ABC's World News anchor
b Twitter shares zoom 35% and it's NOT all the World Cup, says Costolo
e I Wanna Marry Harry Premier: Fake Prince Harry Meets the Twelve Girls on Fox's  ...
b Deadline For Casino Applications
m Final exam question: Is it cheating to borrow some Ritalin?
e Muppets Most Wanted -- The Muppets Play Europe.....And Win!!
e US actor charged after disrupting Broadway musical
e Chicago celebrates 1st gay pride parade since Illinois legalized same-sex  ...
b FBI Investigating High-Frequency Traders: WSJ
m Sen. Claire McCaskill Dissects Dr. Oz for Weight Loss Scams
e Paramount Showcases Transformers and Reveals the Teenage Mutant Ninja  ...
t Google's Android Wear to power multiscreen-friendly smart watches
b Wall Street drops on earnings caution
t Microsoft releases the Help And Tips app for Windows Phone 8.1
e Jennifer Love Hewitt Discusses Daughter and Surprise Marriage
b Wal-Mart Recalls 174000 Dolls for Burn Hazard
e Miley Cyrus' tour bus bursts into fire and flames
e Barbara Walters Sets 'View' Exit Date
t Apple to Roll Out Its Largest Ipad Ever, 12.9''; Will This Help Declining Sales?
e Hank Baskett & Kendra Wilkinson Have A Family Day Following Hank's Motel Stay!
b Prices for tickets to Hillary Clinton's speech slashed by 66% 'in a rush to fill seats'
t Surface Mini Announcement Was Reportedly Cancelled Last Minute
b Here's What Chinese Hackers Actually Stole From US Companies
e Tupac Shakur Musical 'Holler If Ya Hear Me' Closing After Short Run
e The Dragons make a comeback after 5 years!
t Chrysler Hurries Up Jeep Recall after Pressure from Feds
t Facebook wants to reduce 'click bait'
t Microsoft: Our business practices comply with law in China
m NHIS launches lawsuit against tobacco makers
e TV executive Garth Ancier countersues sex abuse accuser
e Aereo launches ProtectMyAntenna.org in anticipation of Supreme Court case
t Facebook's secret mood manipulation study angers users
e Bill Murray is a drunken role model with a weird accent in this trailer for St. Vincent
b UPDATE: Mulberry CEO Guillon Steps Down Months After Profit Warning
t All New HTC One Release Date – Could Verizon Be First to Have Device in  ...
t Evolutionary advances in new smart wristwatches
t Here's How Nvidia Corporation Plans To Enter The Tablet Market
t Here's The Next iPhone, From A Designer With An Eerily Accurate Prediction  ...
t IPCC report says climate change to affect agriculture, increase heatwaves
t Google, Facebook becoming 'too powerful', German media boss says in open letter
b Exxon: Unlikely world can limit fossil fuels sales
t Facebooks Free Internet App Launches in Zambia
m Ministry: Saudi MERS Death Toll Surges to 282
b BBC: Amazon launches shopping via Twitter
m NY, other states in Four Loko settlement
b Fast Food Workers Fight for a Raise, a Union, and Dignity at First National  ...
t Facebook Faces Investigation and £500000 Penalty in UK for Secret  ...
t JD Power 2014 Initial Quality Study Finds Increase in Reported Problems for  ...
t PS4 NewsShould Sony Be Concerned About Xbox One's Sales Boost? - PS4  ...
b Here's Why People Shouldn't Freak Out About The Amazon-Hachette Fight
e Weight issues forced Rob to skip Kim-Kanye wedding?
e Gary Oldman Says Being PC Is 'Crap,' Defends Alec Baldwin & Mel Gibson
b Nigeria set to become Africa's biggest economy
t Space station arrival delayed for US-Russian crew
b Google Inc (GOOG) Proves it is the Internet with Economic Impact
b Intel's Data Center Revenue Hits $3.1 billion, up 11% YoY
b Four things to know about Mobileye
e Paul McCartney Takes The Stage For First Time In Months
b Strong Swiss franc hits Nestlé's Q1 sales
e Angela Bassett Set To Direct Lifetime's 'Whitney Houston' Film
b French President to Meet Bidders for Industrial Jewel Alstom
e Miley Cyrus to Perform on 'Chelsea Lately' Finale
e Zac Efron Punched During Brawl in Downtown L.A.: Report
b Business Live: Pfizer boss hearing
b Darden Sells Red Lobster to Golden Gate for $2.1B
e Zack Snyder's Man Of Steel sequel has been titled Batman V Superman: Dawn  ...
t That Controversial Facebook Study May Have a Sinister Government Connection
e Frances Bean Cobain to Lana Del Rey: Stop 'romanticizing' early death
t LG G3 is set to take the smartphone crown
m Sweetener from Tequila plant helps reduce weight and blood sugar
t Respawn: Titanfall's server stability is in Microsoft's azure hands
e Maroon 5's 'Maps' Video Is Seriously Intense
b Hillary Clinton to appear on Fox News to promote new book, talk about Benghazi
b Kerry visit focuses on N-reactors
b Charts Offer Hope a Major Correction Can Be Avoided
t Google's got jokes: their best April Fool's day posts
e 'Noah' a sprawling faith-based tale of love, devotion
t Apple's iOS 8 version features new capabilities designed for enterprise users
t Viber iPhone iOS 7 styled redesign sets it up nicely for the VoIP battle ahead
t Facebook goes down across multiple countries
b Can't fool Uncle Sam Corporations: Tax dodgers or tax oppressed NTEU: Don't  ...
m Smallpox virus found in old storage room in Maryland
b J.C. Penney: Short Squeeze of the Season: StockTwits.com
e The Bachelorette 2014 Winner Spoilers: Josh Murray Reportedly Wins and  ...
t Yahoo! Now Covered by FBR Capital Markets (YHOO)
m Jenny McCarthy pens op-ed, defends stance: I am not 'anti-vaccine'
e Marvel's new female Thor could appear in Disney Infinity
m Boy will get life-saving medicine after mom's grassroots appeal to drug company
t Apple, Google commit to reforming patent system after signing peace deal
t Shares Unrelated To Oculus Jump In Correlation With Facebook News
e Keating: Getting a rise out of North Korea's Kim
b Some savings in health care costs?
b Euro struggles in Asia
t Samsung's S5 mini: Slimmer and slower than S5, but still scans fingerprints
t Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL): Focus Shifting On Large Screen iPhones And 12  ...
e Big labels take aim at Pandora on royalties
t iPad Pro 12.9 Inch Release Date, Rumors: Apple to Launch New Tablet in 2015?
b How a 3-D Printer Called 'Mink' Could Completely Makeover the $55 Billion  ...
t Twitter Rolls Out Redesigned Profile Pages For Select Users
t LG G2 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2: Aging Kings
e LeBron James, Method Man join the cast of 'Trainwreck'
e Now 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' posters, trailer linked to social media rollout
b Strong US Data Keeps Euro At Bay
e Spotify hits 40m users as Apple finalises Beats deal
t E3 2014: Destiny Official E3 Gameplay Experience Trailer
e Striking New Trailer For The Wachowskis' 'Jupiter Ascending' – Starring Mila  ...
e Bad songs won't help Britain's Eurovision bid says Bucks Fizz band member
e Cuba dedicates Havana film festival to late Nobel-winning novelist Gabriel  ...
e Hammered Charlie Sheen Caught On Camera In Bizarre Taco Bell Interaction
t Liverpool men among suspects quizzed following global raid on malicious  ...
e They found Miley Cyrus' stolen Maserati
e US: Israelis, Palestinians meet to revive talks
b JP Morgan: EM Rally Will Continue, Ups Russia
e Kim Kardashian hard to buy for
t 600 birds in peril on new conservation list
b Guidance To Determine Upcoming Quarterly Results - Economic Highlights
t Travel through time on Google maps
e 5 things you need to know on Monday
t Open day to be held at community garden in Sheffield
e Angelina Jolie: I Was Moved By Maleficent Script
m 5 things you need to know happening in Florida on Monday, May 5, 2014
e Kim and Kanye get on their bikes after night in castle
e Emma Stone to star in Woody Allen's next film
e Selena Gomez Searches For A New Label (Bye Disney!), Signs With Katy Perry's  ...
b NHTSA Closes Safety Probe Of Model S After Tesla Adds Upgrades
b Snooping 'unacceptable': India bluntly tells US
e Bill Murray and Melissa McCarthy star in the first St. Vincent trailer
t Facebook buying virtual-reality company for $2B - WNCN: News, Weather for  ...
m Stem cell therapy shows promise for multiple sclerosis in mouse model
e Michelle Williams in Cabaret, review: 'heart-stopping'
m Our friends tend to be genetically similar to us, says study
t Tesla Model X Release Date Early 2015: Price Estimated Just Under $70000  ...
b Deutsche Bank sees second-quarter profits down
b California Bank & Trust parent to retake stress test it failed
e 'Planes: Fire & Rescue' movie review
t Chromecast: now casting in 11 more countries
t Chinese officials seize Microsoft PCs, emails, financial info in antitrust probe
e All White on the Night: Madeline Mulqueen and Nicola Peltz dazzle in Berlin
b Kansans will benefit from $968M SunTrust settlement
e Bill Brownstein: HBO's Normal Heart a tale of AIDS, anguish
b Stocks May Extend Yesterday's Pullback In Early Trading - US Commentary
e Universal Orlando Announces 'Diagon Alley' Opening Date
t Future Friday: Most Americans Have Optimistic, But Contradictory Views on Tech  ...
e Cara Delevingne and Michelle Rodriguez Spotted Locking Lips During  ...
t Google could be poised to acquire videogame streaming service Twitch for $1  ...
e 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' movie just as good, and bad, as last time
b Fed's Plosser Sees Sub-6% US Jobless Rate Possible by Year-End
e Don't stop believin': Steve Perry finally returns to the stage!
m Big-Soda Ban Officially Dead as NYC Loses Last Appeal
t Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter produces new Earthrise image
e PULP FICTION stars UMA THURMAN and JOHN TRAVOLTA joined director  ...
e Actors find the human pulse in HBO's 'Normal Heart'
b Fed cuts bond purchases by another $10b
t SpaceX rocket blasts off for space station
m Story Claims 'Clever' Panda May Have Deliberately Faked Her Own Pregnancy
m Cambridge University artificial pancreas technology a success in long-term trial
m Girl Scouts, Tootsie Roll, others fight flavored nicotine makers
t Samsung Galaxy S3 Neo Officially Available At Rs. 26200: Top 7 Attractive  ...
e 'Full House' Reunion Series May Be in the Works
e Women of Comic-Con protest sexual harassment
t Anti-Liberal Liberals
m Bariatric surgery reduced uterine cancer risk by 71%
t Pinterest accounts hacked, display weight loss spam and butt pictures
b Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR)'s Stock Breaks Out After Earnings Release
e Lindsay Lohan's mom Dina avoids jail for drunken driving
b No Correction: Stocks Gain, Dow Jumps 111 Points on Citi Earnings
e Bachelorette Andi Accepted Josh's Proposal: I Found the 'Greatest Love of All'
e True Blood Recap With Spoilers: I Found You
e Lindsay Lohan: "Conquest List" Story Was "Humiliating"
m Vascular Risk Not Lowered With ER Niacin, Laropiprant
t Iranian judge demands 'Zionist' Facebook CEO appear in court
e Lindsay Lohan's "Humiliating" Sex List Brings The Starlet To Tears In The Finale  ...
e Mila Kunis and Ashton Kutcher Are Going to be Parents ... In Like 9 Months or So
b Asian shares rise on Yellen's dovish comments
e Jay Z and Beyonce 'Attending Couples Therapy on Advice of Gwyneth Paltrow'
t Oculus Rift Kickstarter Outrage: Are Early Backers Entitled To Any Of Facebook's  ...
b Automakers report best sales in nearly a decade
e Please, baby, please! Robin Thicke begs again
m Saving School Food: A Letter to My (Imaginary) BFF Michelle Obama
b US STOCKS-Wall St cuts losses as diplomacy ramps up in Ukraine
b European Aid for Bulgarian Banks
b HSBC: China manufacturing grows for first time in six months
t Microsoft to Fire 14 Percent of Its Staff
b NRDC Beach Water Quality Report Shows The Good, The Bad, and the Ugly at  ...
b WTI Has Longest Drop Since 2012 as Supply Fears Ease
e Kiss, Nirvana among rock hall inductees
t Teen arrested for stealing tax data with Heartbleed
m Faith leaders trained to lead fight on HIV
e Home WhatsOn Clooney gives up serial romance for engagement
m Palbociclib Dramatically Improves PFS But Not OS in Updated Findings
b Kerry 'excited' about India's new PM Modi
b High levels of benzene found in water supply
e OMG! Bruce Willis' daughter walks around topless in New York! (NSFW pics here!)
t Yahoo Received 50895 Government Requests for User Data in 2013
m Scientists withdraw report on simpler stem cells - WMBFNews.com, Myrtle Beach  ...
t Official: Documents paint 'unsettling picture' of GM, NHTSA ignition switch recall
e 'Noah' – Creator wants animals to survive flood, but maybe not mankind
e Maleficent Clip: Angelina Jolie Gets "Awkward!"
m Vials of Smallpox Virus Found in Unapproved Maryland Lab
e You may wish you were there for this movie
e Aereo Wants You to Protect Your … Wait, What, Again?
e Ice bucket activism leaves me cold
b YELLEN: We Can Only Do So Much To Control Financial Stability
t Apple And IBM - Connecting The Dots, Part 1: The Benefits
e Chicago Picked as Site for George Lucas Museum Project
m Why the World Cup in Brazil Is Our Future: In More Ways Than One
b Dov Charney tries to boost stake in American Apparel in comeback bid
e Portrait of an artist: Robert De Niro Sr
e Chris Martin To Mentor On 'The Voice'
t Tesla confirms affordable Model 3 for 2017
t How 'Dynamic Perspective' Brings 3D to the Amazon Fire Phone
m MERS spread feared with pilgrims to Saudi Arabia
e Meryl Davis' Elegant Dancing Transition
t Bones of largest dinosaur ever discovered: palaeontologists
e 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' movie review
b Automakers unveil China-focused models in Beijing
b Man nabbed by Texas police not linked to Target data breach probe: Source
e Ann B. Davis, 'Alice' from 'The Brady Bunch' dies at 88
b Russia Urges West to Fairly Evaluate Ukraine Crisis
e Eminem & Rihanna To Perform At The 2014 MTV Movie Awards | News
b Mayor of Ukraine's second largest city shot
b Wall Street yawns as deal news offsets data; Herbalife sinks
m E-Cigarettes play role in Reducing Smoking Rates – Study Says
t Here's A Leaked Press Render Of The LG G3 Bound For Verizon Wireless
t Netflix CEO Talks Net Neutrality And Why It's Paying Comcast
b Healthy sales, cheap yen help push Nissan quarterly profit up with North  ...
t Self-Driving Cars to Be Tested on Public Roads in California
t Apple winks at parents: C'mon, get your kid a tweaked Macbook Pro
b GM's Barra tells staff in video: 'Something went wrong'
t Readers share photos of their Mustangs
b China and Russia Sign Huge Gas Supply Deal, Pricing Unclear
t Facebook's 'Internet.org' Effort Reaches Africa
e Interview: Chris Evans, Scarlett Johansson, Samuel L. Jackson, and Kevin Feige  ...
b The Export-Import Bank's corporate welfare: War by other means
e Bloody Floody: Noah Wants to Be a Mad Epic
t GM Recalling Chevrolet Camaros for Ignition Switch Problem
e Nadine Gordimer, South African anti-apartheid author and Nobel prize winner  ...
b Hewlett-Packard Company (HPQ) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on  ...
b Here Comes The ECB Decision...
b Peoples' Bank of China relaxes control of market for renminbi
e Jonah Hill Apologizes Again For Gay Slur on Tonight Show, Makes Emotional Plea
e Lady Gaga Album 2014: 'Applause' Star to Collaborate on Jazz Album with Tony  ...
t Spiders have forced Suzuki to recall more than 19000 midsize cars.
b What Does The Zebra-Motorola Solutions Deal Mean To The Channel?
b Drivers frustrated over lack of communication in GM recalls
e How James Franco and 'Palo Alto' Director Gia Coppola Brought Teen Angst to  ...
e BUSTED: Tyler The Creator ARRESTED For Inciting a Riot At SXSW!
b CBS: IRS Workers Received Bonuses Despite Misconduct
t Carl Albert Middle School student wins state Google Design Competition
t Gas prices continue to drop as summer wears on
b US stock futures drift ahead of opening bell
e Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin thank supporters on website
b Ronald McDonald goes to Taco Bell for obesity boost
e 'The Bachelorette' 2014 episode 7 spoilers: It's time to head to Belgium
m Yawn can cool your brain, says research
e Beyoncè Leaves Nothing Up To Interpretation In Her Sisterly Pic With Solange  ...
b Text: Fed chief Yellen's prepared remarks to Joint Economic Committee
t Xiaomi Continues its Expansion into Ten New Countries
m Study: New brain protein tied to Alzheimer's disease
m Report: Children possibly getting too many nutrients from cereal
t Study involving CU shows deadly relationship between huge O-type stars and  ...
b Seventeen coal miners trapped underground in West China
e Toby Kebbell in Negotiations to Play Dr. Doom in 'Fantastic Four'
b UPDATE 2-US appeals court upholds hazardous air pollution rule
e VIDEO: Beyonce performs at the MTV VMAs
t Baseball star Rivera rescues church
e Lily Tomlin, Jane Fonda team up for new Netflix series
b Argentina announced Thursday it had deposited restructured bonds' payments
e Take a spin
t Hackers blackmail Domino's Pizza for $40700 ransom
e The Awful Fairy Tale of Fox's 'I Wanna Marry “Harry”'
m 81% Of Young Parents Say E-Cigarettes Are Less Harmful To The People  ...
t Amazon is testing out an e-book subscription service to compete against Oyster  ...
e Seth MacFarlane sued over alleged 'Ted' theft
b US wins WTO ruling against China in luxury car tariffs dispute
b MHI, Siemens make offer for Alstom
e Hollywood couple Falcone and McCarthy team up for 'Tammy'
e Nicki Minaj's MTV VMAs malfunction reportedly staged
t Ford lowers mileage rating for 6 vehicles, mostly hybrids
e With $41.4M, 'Captain America' holds off 'Rio 2' - WHLT 22 Connecting the Pine  ...
b Two Important Lessons From Crumbled Crumbs Bake Shop
m Ebola viral disease prompts US travel warning to West Africa
b IBM sales top estimates as Rometty advances toward profit goals
b Oversold Conditions For MBIA
e Shia LaBeouf not in rehab, says representative
t Facebook's Letting You Harass People About Their Relationships
m Underweight People Have A Higher Risk Of Dying Than Obese Individuals
m USDA: Less U-S Red Meat Production This Year
m CA Chicken Producer Linked To Salmonella Issues Recall
e US Airways apologizes for lewd photo sent via Twitter
e Title news- Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice
b Access to Twitter in Turkey can be opened only by court decision
e James Brown biopic revels in drama, dance
m 103 Ebola cases registered in Guinea as deadly virus hits capital, neighboring  ...
e 'The Walking Dead' season finale speculation: Who will die in 'A'?
m Anti-Aging Hormone Could Make You Smarter, Study
e Jem and the Holograms Cast Announced: Who Landed the Lead?
e Beetee has a message for President Snow in second “Mockingjay” trailer
e 'Get On Up': Trying to capture the elusive Godfather of Soul
b Barclays slapped with 26 million pounds fine over gold price fix
b Boeing 787's design, manufacture safe, FAA says
e Forrest Griffin Offers to Train Orlando Bloom to Fight Justin
e Lunchtime Links: JK Rowling Writes a New Harry Potter Short Story, Plus More  ...
t Google's Nest buys home-watching camera Dropcam
t HTC One (M8) challenges Galaxy S5
t 'Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey' Pulls In 8.5 Million Viewers: Report
b New York charges Barclays with fraud
t Tech 2.0 - EBay Responds to Data Breach
b Ford Motor Co. profit down 39 per cent in first quarter
e Paul Mazursky Dead: Director of 'Unmarried Woman' Dies at 84
e ​Erykah Badu Trolls News Reporter on Live TV, Tries To Kiss Him
t Lenovo dismisses US security concerns on IBM buy
b Swiss to vote on setting minimum wage at $25 an hour
t Overnight Markets: US stocks rise after court ruling on broadcasters
b VC who wants to split California REVEALED as Silk Road Bitcoin slurper
e The Duke Porn Star Is Returning to Campus, Despite Threats Against Her (Update)
m FDA Approves Eli Lilly's Cyramza to Treat Advanced Gastric Cancer
e Ryan Gosling and Eva Mendes are expecting?!!
t Parrot unveils app-controlled Bebop drone
e Sally Draper and Arya Stark rule TV's teenage wastelands
e Change text size for the story
m Mice get stressed out, feel less pain when male lab workers are present
e 25 years later, 'Field of Dream's cast reunites
b Crude Oil Ends Below $102 As Supply Concerns Ease
e Aereo Faces Tough High Court Questions, But So Do Networks
m 'Super-Sized' 14-Pound Baby Born In Boston Weighs As Much As A 6-Month-Old
e Shovel Girl Is Doing Just Fine, You Guys
e District 13 Hacks The Capitol's Feed in New 'Mockingjay' Promo - Watch Here!
t IBM Broadens Cybersecurity Products
e Emotional night at Rock Hall of Fame Induction
b AAA SOUTHERN NEW ENGLAND: Gas prices continue climb
e Monty Python Live (mostly) review – flying high or a load of Spam?
e 25 Things You Didn't Know About 'A Hard Day's Night'
t Volcanic eruption begins under Iceland glacier
t Canada gets the 4.4 KitKat Upgrade For LG G2 – KnockCode in April
t Finally! Office for iPad: Still Want It?
t Facebook admits 'terrible' communication gaffe on emotion manipulation  ...
b Egypt PM rejects public outrage against fuel price hike
m CDC: 1 in 10 Adult Deaths Tied to Drinking
b Eleven miners are trapped in a Honduras gold mine
m Cheesecake Factory Owns a Health Advocate's List of Meals with Most Calories
t Titanfall Expedition DLC to goes live on Xbox One and PC, adds THREE new  ...
m Study review shows childhood vaccines are safe
b Intel Predicts Sales That May Top Estimates on Corporate PCs (2)
e Kris 'feels out of the wedding loop'
e Space trip with Leo sells for $1.5 million
t Two Democrats Have A Proposal To Dismantle The FCC Plan That Could Ruin  ...
t Sprint/T-Mobile merger may prompt US FCC to rewrite auction rules
b Why Medtronic Wants to Reincorporate in Ireland
b Vietnam furious as they accuse Chinese ship of deliberately sinking fishing boat  ...
t Oppo Find 7 vs. Nokia Lumia 930 Specifications Comparison
b Obama EPA Gets Partial Court Win on Climate-Change Permits
e Mark Wahlberg drops major F-bombs at the MTV Movie Awards
t Climate change is evidence of the death-wish of capitalism
t Xbox One Games With Gold Will Respond to "Feedback"
e Mickey Rooney's wife 'had not seen him for almost a year before he died' and  ...
e Posthumous album of Michael Jackson material coming out in May from estate  ...
t Google Glass to come with Ray-Ban, Oakley frames
b Lululemon Athletica admits to humility on errors
t Latest vehicle recall – BMW
m Florida approved for Medicaid privatization
b IRS's Little Secret: Tax Day Not Much Of A Deadline, Unless You Owe Money
b March Hyundai Sales Show Effects of Nationwide Bad Weather
t Dwarf Planet 2012 VP113 Hints At A Huge Unknown Mystery Planet In The Solar  ...
t Sony Networks Taken Down by DDoS Attack
e 'Game Of Thrones' Season 4 Inside Episode 6 (Videos)
e Angelina Jolie & Stella McCartney Team Up for Maleficent Kids Clothing Line
m Two American doctors battling the Ebola virus in Africa are entering a 'critical  ...
e First-Borns and Rebirth: My Own and All of Us, Facing Passover
t Foxconn, HP Form Cloud Server Venture Driven by Internet Demand
b Russians targeted with new sanctions
t Bird with 21-foot wingspan could be the largest to ever live
b Consumer Credit Rises Amid Student, Auto Loan Demand
t First 2015 Chevrolet Corvette Z06 Fetches $1 Million at Auction
t Nintendo continues to swear off smartphones - promises 'new consoles' instead
t Humans Lived Alongside Dinosaurs?
e 'Sherlock' special and series 4 to film in 2015
b Posted by Shoaib-ur-Rehman Siddiqui
e Spike Lee Turning 1985 “She's Gotta Have It” Film Into TV Show For Showtime
b China export growth edges up to 7.2 per cent in June
b Summary of Mortgage Interest Rates at US Bank Corp on March 18, 2014
b Nearly 20 percent of Chinese farmland contaminated
b Hey Amazon lovers! Shop til' you drop on Twitter?
e Little Jimmy Scott's Big Influence on Pop Culture, From 'Cosby' to 'Twin Peaks'
e Harmony Records on Unionport Road celebrates National Record Store Day
e Orphan Black is back
b 21st Century Feminism
b Malaysian Flight MH370 fuels wild speculation
t Google Fit is Android's answer to Apple's Healthkit platform
b U.S. to unleash Internal Revenue Service on Russian banks
b IBM to bet $3 billion over 5 years hoping for breakthrough in chips
t Antarctic ice melts, scientists warn of rising sea
e Mark Wahlberg in "Transformers: Age of Distinction" (Photo: Associated Press)
m Study: Vaccines Do Not Cause Autism
b Copper Slips With Australian Stocks as Nikkei Futures, Oil Drop
m West Nile Virus Found in Chesco Mosquito
b Deutsche Bank hires 500 staff to address US reporting problems
e FX's 'Fargo' captures spirit of Coen Bros. movie
t New system will bring Apple's CarPlay to any car this fall
e Rita Ora Had To Wear An Earpiece on Fifty Shades Of Grey Set As She Couldn't  ...
t Time For A Career Shift? New York City UberX Drivers Can Earn $90766 A Year
m Oscar Pistorius Was Mentally Sound When He Killed His Girlfriend, Evaluation  ...
b Bank Of America Turns Red In Q1 - Quick Facts
t Apple Releases iOS 8 SDK With Over 4000 New APIs
e Made in America Festival to return to Philly on Labor Day weekend
b US job gains in June beat forecast, unemployment rate near 6-year low
b (Corrected) S. African trade union to go ahead with strike
e George Lucas to set up Lucas Museum of Narrative Art in Chicago
e Wu-Tang Clan affiliate's gruesome suicide attempt, Game of Thrones' 'Purple  ...
e The things they say:
t Netflix Raises New Subscriber Prices By $1
b Kraft recalls 96000 lbs of Oscar Mayer wieners in US
e Are Selena Gomez, Orlando Bloom Revenge Dating And Mating?
t Climate change imperatives shaping future paths for Asia as driver of world growth
b Amazon.com 'not optimistic' about a Hachette book deal
e Obama dines at world-class sushi restaurant in Japan
e WATCH: Kevin Bacon Still Got those 'Footloose' Moves
e Disney to release 'Captain America 3' film in May 2016
b Target apologizes for system glitch causing long lines
b Taco Bell drops it like it's hot; the Ronald McDonald name that is
b Great News: Half of All Unemployed Americans Have Given Up Looking for a Job
t Google Glass Release Date, For Sale Price, Explorer Beta News 2014  ...
e George Clooney is getting married - and losing a bet!
b Orbital and ATK's Aerospace and Defense Groups to Combine in Merger-of-Equals
t Aussie PM about to visit Japan
e Angelina Jolie forced to do yoga
e PHOTOS: Khloé Kardashian Celebrates Her 30th Birthday with French Montana
e Aaliyah biopic on hold
b IMF lowers US growth forecast to 2.0 pct in 2014
t (World Cup) Best wishes come from space
e Creepy "Mockingjay" promo video redolent of George Wallace
b Inflation Down To 0.5% In March
e Once again, Kat Perkins narrowly avoids elimination on 'The Voice'
e Spoilers for '24: Live Another Day': Chloe opens up to Jack in episode 3
t Apple May Refund $400M in Digital Book Settlement
b China's economic growth slows to 7.4% in Q1
b NZ dollar falls ahead of Yellen speech, local inflation data
t ITS campus preparing for inevitable end of Windows XP support
b Nigeria Takes Over From South Africa As Continent's Largest Economy
b WalMart in to money transfer business
m Michael Schumacher's management warn against medical records up for sale
b Obamacare Open Enrollment Deadline Extended for Some
b Daum to merge with Kakao, creating 3 tln won IT giant
e Duke porn star: 'Rough sex' shoot was 'feminism,' regrets 1st scene
b European shares mixed
e Kevin Bacon Recreates "Footloose" Dance for Jimmy Fallon
b US consumer prices show inflation ticking up
t OnePlus One with 3GB RAM, CyanogenMod 11s and Snapdragon 801 launched
b Ithaca Energy prices its notes offering
e Two New Full-Length Trailers For Matt Reeves' DAWN OF THE PLANET OF THE  ...
b Sens. Corker, Murphy Propose 12-Cent Gas Tax
t 10 things to know for Wednesday
t Apple, Google settle litigation over smartphone technology
b Gaming operators bid to keep state casinos close to NYC
e Watch: Two Chimps Went To See Dawn of the Planet of the Apes
m NYPD Officers Equipped With Heroin Antidote
e Blake Shelton and Shakira's Heated Duet on 'Medicine' In 2014 ACM Awards
t Samsung to Launch Galaxy S5 in Israel
e The 'Game Of Thrones' Wedding Dress We've All Been Dying To See
e 'Divergent' Star Shailene Woodley Talks About Her Love For George Clooney  ...
t The future of the Internet
e Cannes 2014: Eva Green's dramatic red carpet makeup at The Salvation premiere
t Dwarf planet 2012 VP113 discovered at edge of solar system
b Tesla (TSLA) Drops on Modest Beat
b USD/JPY – Steady As Markets Eye US Inflation Data
e 'The Bachelorette' spoilers: Andi Dorfman, a drunk Craig Muhlbauer, and Jimmy  ...
e Watch first Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1 trailer
t World Cup 2014 In Space: Astronauts Get Into The Spirit Aboard The  ...
m Social sites like Facebook can spread moods: study
m MERS death cases rise above 100 in Saudi Arabia; Government intensifies efforts
e Mad Men Wraps First Half of Final Season
b China evacuates 3000 nationals from Vietnam following unrest
b Recall Related Charge Deflates GM's Q1 Profit
e JJ Abrams Wants To Give You A Part In 'Star Wars'
b AOL rolls out new platform in bid tTo bBecome digital ad hub
t New York Weekly Gas Price Update and Outlook
e Doug Camilli: George Clooney incinerates the Daily Mail
e The First Trailer for "Magic in the Moonlight" Has Been Released
b The new CEO of American Apparel is the anti-Dov Charney
e Neil Patrick Harris on emotional finale
m Your Heart Attack Date And Time May Be Affected By Daylight Savings
t Toshiba's 4K laptop to ship next week for $1499.99
e Katt Williams under investigation for allegedly pulling gun on patron during  ...
b Major brokers cut ties to Barclays dark pool (BCS)
t Three top FTC officials side with Tesla over 'direct vehicle sales' issue
e 'Scandal' Star Arrested
b Apple welcomes new retail chief Ahrendts with $68M stock grant
m US reports second case of MERS virus
t Nation Briefs
t Meteor lights up night sky with bright blue light
m Mosquito-borne chikungunya threat growing
e Robert Pattinson - Robert Pattinson is homeless again
b The Energy Report 3/18/14
e Lindsay Lohan to make London West End stage debut in Speed-The-Plow
e Pharrell Wins Big At 2014 BET Awards (Winners List)
e Statement from Mayor Emanuel on the Passing of Frankie Knuckles
e Game of Thrones Season 4 Episode 10 Recap: Top 5 Spoilers
e Rolling Stones Tour Resumes After Death Of Jagger's Partner
t Apple Working On A More Multicultural Emoji Collection for iOS Devices
e Emma Stone: Weight is a Struggle For Me
t RPT-UPDATE 1-Samsung Electronics replaces mobile design head
t Apple May Release Two New MacBook Air Models Tomorrow
e Eli Wallach, The Good, The Bad and The Ugly Star, Dies at 98
m 1 in 68 US children has an autism spectrum disorder, CDC says
m FDA approval of Beleodaq™ (belinostat) for Injection
m Reality check: All you think you know about fat is wrong
e Yahoo To Screen 'Community's Sixth Season
b Stocks give up an early gain and turn lower
e 'Fargo' on TV both like and unlike the movie
e Robin Thicke Claims He Hasn't Seen Paula Patton In Months
m Mom Arrested for Breastfeeding While Drinking Didn't Know Any Better (VIDEO)
m Is Tamiflu a waste of money?
e The final "X-Men: Days of Future Past" trailer. | Fox
e Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds Make Rare Red Carpet Appearance at Met Gala
b West TX Oil at $103.70 Before Supply Data
b Google shares dip after results miss estimates
t HTC One M7 vs. HTC One M8: Specifications Comparison
m Life Expectancy Of Japanese Women And Icelandic Men Top Charts, According  ...
m Company to Give Dying Fredericksburg Boy Lifesaving Drug
b Freebies Make April 15 a Little Less Taxing
m Ebola a Potential Epidemic.
b What do you think of the ...
b Canada's trade deficit narrows in May, auto exports increase
e MTV VMA 2014 Winners and Award Show Highlights
e Glastonbury hailed a “great success”
m Google's new moonshot project maps out what a healthy human being looks like
m US approves Biogen Idec treatment for one type of hemophilia
t ZeniMax Sues Oculus [UPDATE: Oculus Responds]
e Hippity-Hoppity: Egg hunts, more abound
e MOTHER'S DAY: A Mother Lode Of Stats From The Facebook Data Science Team
e Box office report: 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' opens with $36 million on Friday
m 'Chikungunya' Mosquito Virus Appears in NC
b Egypt's Sisi slashes fuel subsidies
b RPT-Portugal's BES books 3.6 bln euro loss, capital needed
e All five Garth Brooks comeback gigs in Dublin cancelled
m Up to 5000 exposed to hepatitis at Missouri Red Robin restaurant
t Netflix Wants to Expand Federal Rules on Internet Speeds // March 21, 2014
b China denounces US hacking charges
b Report: Talks held over VW's potential takeover interest in Fiat
b The new threat for bitcoin: GHash takeover
t Spacewalking astronauts complete urgent repair job (Update)
t Manatees Moving Off the Endangered Species List?
b Hillshire Brands set to buy Pinnacle Foods for $4.23 billion
m Political MoJo
b Pinterest's Promoted Pins Move Into Paid Test Phase
t Reed Hastings just as irritated with Comcast as you are
b Economists React to the FOMC Statement: 'Mixed Messages'
t New book questions Apple's future after Steve Jobs
t Galaxy S5 to be available from April 11 starting at Rs51,000
e Mickey Rooney dies, John Pinette dies, April Fools prank goes viral
e Minority Report: Larry Wilmore to replace Stephen Colbert
e March Madness Music Festival set to take place despite rain
e Binoche at Cannes confronts questions of the ageing actress
t Nintendo responds to criticism regarding same-sex relationships in Tomodachi  ...
b Indian American Farmers Weathering Record Drought in California
e KFIX Rock News: Fleetwood Mac Announce Announce Tour Dates With  ...
t Apple Release Dates 2014: iOS 7.1 Update Supports Mystery iPad Models  ...
e Entertainer Harris convicted of indecent assaults
b UK House Price Inflation Accelerates In January
b More favourable settlement with US likely for BNP: France
t Internet Explorer: Bug found in several versions, could let hackers gain control of  ...
t Pink Dwarf Planet Found Beyond Pluto
m New York City Loses Final Appeal to Ban Large Sodas
e Bluewater Publishing Releasing Comic Biography Based on Kurt Cobain
t Europe's Digital Firms Demand New Antitrust Probe Against Google
e Pharrell Teams Up With UN Foundation For International Day of Happiness
e Jodie Foster ties the knot with her girlfriend
t Apple has agreed to buy Beats Electronics for $3bn
m Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health Researchers Find  ...
b US raises no help to striking IKEA Richmond staff
t Clear Skies For Meteor Shower Overnight
t Iran denies summoning Facebook CEO to court
m A potent source of genetic variation in cognitive ability has just been discovered
e North Korea finds nothing funny in Franco-Rogen comedy
t The Fingerprint Scanner On Samsung's New Galaxy Phone Has Been Hacked
t Video Archive: Looking Back at Apollo 11 45 Years Ago
e 'Transformers' beats 'Tammy' at weak holiday weekend at movies
b Burger King in talks to buy Canada's Tim Hortons
e Justices Appear to Be Searching for A Way to Craft Narrow Ruling in Aereo
e Led Zeppelin Release Unboxing Video for 'Led Zeppelin III'
e 'Maleficent' Movie Trailer: Latest Teaser Showcases Angelina Jolie Taking Part  ...
t Xbox One sales double after Titanfall launch
t Samsung Launches New Premium Tablets, But Going After Apple's Market  ...
b Elon Musk Promised a "Cool Thing" for Tesla Roadsters This Year
b Shell Profit Falls on Refining Charge
e 'Transformers: Age of Extinction': Director Michael Bay is better at bots than people
b US dollar closes lower on Taipei forex
b Muscatine resident Scott Natvig traveling to DC for statue unveiling
e Chiefs rookie QB Murray has yet to see finale of 'The Bachelorette' where brother  ...
m CDC Reports More Cases of Mosquito-Borne Chikungunya Virus
t Microsoft viewed blogger's Hotmail to track company leak
e Is This Modern Chateau Kim & Kanye's Over-the-Top Wedding Venue?
t Wild Jeeps go to conquer Moab, Utah
e Horror film 'Oculus' takes twisted, at times hard-to-follow path
m Media await Oscar Pistorius at court
b Belden Enters Oversold Territory (BDC)
e [MEDIA] - "BATMAN V SUPERMAN: DAWN OF JUSTICE" First Look at Henry  ...
b Home Loans: Citi Mortgage Rates Lead PNC Bank Today (March 12)
e Sherri Shepherd & Jenny McCarthy leave 'The View'
t Apple launches its own coding language
e Morrissey probably won't like his unauthorized biopic
b Consumer prices rising
e Solange: 'Jay Z Calls Me His Private School Thug'
t Google's Dystopian Vision – Google Glass Launched in UK
e Lorde Will Be Playing A Major Role In The Next 'Hunger Games' Movie
t UberConference Launches Google Docs Add-on
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Active and Galaxy S5: Find out the difference ?
b Morgan Stanley Feels Uncertain About Liberty Media Going Forward
m WHO fleshes out unexplained Saudi MERS cases
e This Saturday 100 years ago was 'Everybody Go To Church Sunday'
t Verizon Wireless employee stole 900 phones, made $270000 profit on eBay
b Stocks rise, shake off two-day slump
b Asia's Export-Led Recovery Still Elusive
t Quantum particles can tunnel through long-range barriers: research
m The 'Single Largest Environmental Health Risk' Is Causing 1 in 8 Deaths  ...
t Tesla Motors Inc. Makes Controversial Announcement and the Boeing Company  ...
e Diane Sawyer is leaving ABC's 'World News'
b Computer glitch creates long lines at Target
b Etihad says is buying stakes in Europe to compete, not control
e Shailene Woodley and Ansel Elgort hit the red carpet for The Fault in Our Stars  ...
b Italy manufacturing activity grows for 11th straight month in May - PMI
e Sure, 'Game Of Thrones' And The NBA Finals Are Cool, But Are You Watching  ...
b BlackBerry making big moves in apps through Amazon partnership
b Gold prices expected to move further down this week
e 'Captain America' pushes aside 'Noah' to set April box office record
t Science Says: Swatting Fruit Flies Is Annoying Because They're Basically Tiny  ...
t Internet neutrality nuts won't be happy until government controls the web
t Former Microsoft employee arrested for leaking Windows ...
b Darden to sell Red Lobster chain for $2.1B, hold onto Olive Garden restaurants
b Billionaire Ma emerges as China's richest man before Alibaba IPO
t Google struggling to trademark 'Glass', term dubbed merely descriptive
e Billy Dee Williams drops out of 'Dancing with the Stars'
e Anita Hill, Times tattoo mentioned in Abramson speech – but not Sulzberger
t Amazon Appstore To Be Available On BlackBerry Phones BBRY AMZN
b Euro edges lower ahead of pre-ECB inflation data
b Fuel prices dip downward
e Andrew Stern -- Suicide Attempt at Gun Range 2 Months Before Death
t NASA unveils 7 instruments for Mars 2020 rover
b China censors messaging apps, Flickr. Disruptions linked to Hong Kong protests
b Lake Erie residents say fish flies slower to emerge
b Wal-Mart To Offer Money-Transfer Service
e On the Monstrousness of Being Gay
m Mind-controlled exoskeleton prepares to kick off the 2014 World Cup
m Progress made on a 'bionic pancreas' for diabetics
b Best Buy shares drop 4% in pre-market trade after Q1 earnings
b 'Bumpy' California Enrollment Period Ends With Over 3 Million Health Care Sign  ...
t AOL Subscriber Data Stolen: You've Got Pwned
b Hungary loans measure could cost banks up to HUF 600-900 bln -cbank
e Actor Seth Rogan arrives at the premiere of 'Veronica Mars'
e China warns US against 'interference' in Hong Kong: Xinhua
b Fox Business Anchor Doesn't Want You Getting Too Excited Over The Good  ...
t Samsung partners with Trek to enhance cyclists' rides
e J-Law puked all over at Madonna and Guy Oseary's after party post Oscars
e The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back  ...
m New York's top court won't reinstate large sugary drink ban
e Kim Kardashian And Kanye West May Or May Not Already Be Married
b Stocks lower; Dow & S&P 500 retreat from records
e Kris Jenner is such a fan of her son-in-law Kanye West that she flew to the  ...
e 'Pregnant' Mila Kunis attempts to distract us from baby rumours with Channing  ...
e The Voice 2014 Season 6 Spoilers: Top 8 – Kat Perkins Performance (VIDEO)
b Libya says halts tanker outside rebel port; rebels deny it
e See Miley Cyrus Perform Two Safe-for-Work 'Bangerz' on Her TV Special
b UK Unveils New £1 Coin
b Argentina default? Griesafault is much more accurate
b Hachette Claims Amazon Is Delaying Shipments on Orders
t Apple Wants Beats To Make Themselves More Culturally Relevant [Rumor]
b Eurozone inflation stays weak at 0.5%
t Moto 360 vs. LG G Watch vs. Samsung Gear Live: Which Android Wear  ...
e See 'The Bachelorette' Guys Take it All Off To Win Andi's Heart
b 2 more recalls push GM total to 4.8M in a month - KWWL - Eastern Iowa  ...
b GM CEO 'personally' sorry for losses
m One in three Alzheimer's cases is 'preventable'
b Stocks mixed in holiday-shortened week
b Latest on Missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 Since March
b SanDisk Gets Deeper Into Enterprises With Fusion-io Deal
b GoPro (GPRO) IPO Prices Shares at $24
t Apple versus Samsung Case Goes to Jury
e Hilary Duff On Separation From Mike Comrie: It's 'A Very Difficult Thing'
b CoreLogic: US Home Prices Rise By 10.5 Percent Year Over Year In April
t Your Emotions Might Have Been Messed With By Researchers On Facebook  ...
e Coachella goes corporate, as marketers can't resist the young, music-loving  ...
e True Blood 7.02 Review: “I Found You”
e Abrams pens note for cast on Star Wars set
e Ideas for a healthier Easter basket
b Today's Trending Ticker: Gamestop [VIDEO]
e Olivia Palermo confirms marriage
b Government looks to reduce taxpayer stake in Lloyds
b New Nokia's CEO: Rajeev Suri, a perfect person
e Prosecutors: No immunity for Chris Brown bodyguard
t How Steve Jobs Got the iPhone Into Japan
b AT&T Officially Buying DirecTV For Nearly $50 Billion
t Amazon goes for the kill with free apps worth $100
b Argentina stocks plunge
e Stock Traders Purchase Large Volume of Ultra Petroleum Corp. Put Options (UPL)
b Halliburton Company Sees Strong Trading Volume on Earnings Beat (HAL)
e Brittany Murphy's Last Film Finally Released
b Unilever to sell sauce brands to Mizkan for $2.15 billion
e Justin Bieber Posts Throwback Photo With Selena Gomez — Are They Fighting?
m Greek salad controls blood pressure
b JPMorgan Chase & Co., Wells Fargo & Co: Earnings Preview
b Business briefs: Michaels breach affects 2.6 million cards
t FCC's Internet Fast-Lane Far From Done Deal as Debate Begins
e Perez Recommends
e Terry Richardson Speaks Out Against Sexual Harassment Claims: "I Don't Have  ...
t Google busts Top 10 Google Glass Myths to make you love it
b Snapshot: Stocks climb after orders for durable goods rise
e Ultimate cocktail guide for Cinco de Mayo
e Pink Floyd's first album in 20 years 'The Endless River' to be released this October
t OnePlus One smartphone launches April 23rd
e Kim-West larger than life wedding
e Kim Kardashian BFF Brittny Gastineau beaten up by street artist boyfriend
t GM ignition switch case shows that 'silence can kill': Opinion
b TECH STOCKS: Google Spurs Tech Gains Following Earnings
b Why Marine won't join the Paris circle
b A Mom Couldn't Believe What a Stranger Did for Her at Walmart — and It Was All  ...
b Jobs could go after Wolfson Microelectronics bought by Cirrus
b Report on growth by county
e TMNT: The New Trailer is Here!
b Seeking Rapid Growth? Follow Warren Buffett's Advice: 'Don't Swing For The  ...
m Death toll in Guinea's Ebola outbreak hits 80
e Rosie O'Donnell may return to 'The View': Could Sarah Palin be joining her?
b BNP Curbs Geneva Unit as Fine for Violating US Sanctions Looms
b Fox's Carey Said to Drop Bomb on Bewkes Over Lunch
b Yahoo! (YHOO) Estimates Unchanged at Wells Fargo After Alibaba Files F-1
t Chances of iOS 7.1 Jailbreak Appear to Be Slim, Says Evad3rs Member
e '22 Jump Street' is a Proud Bargain Bin Blockbuster
t Sprint to pay $7.5 million for Do-Not-Call violations
m Scientist accused of manipulating data in STAP stem cell study
b Canadian stocks rise over economic growth
e George Clooney responds to rumors about his future marriage to Amal Alamuddin
m Michelle Obama says it's time to 'fight the hard fight' for school lunch program
m Sweet dreams are made of these
m Pfizer breast cancer drug shows promise
t Google+ boss Vic Gundotra leaves company
e Buzz Bites: Why Is Pharrell Crying On 'Oprah'?
b South Korea's Kakao to merge with top online portal
b SunTrust deal may mean cash for some
e Regulator Reverses Approval Of Palcohol, Powdered Alcohol
t Google's Pichai touts wearables SDK, 'APIs for hardware'
e VIDEO: Engaged Johnny Depp shows off 'chick's ring'
t First State gas prices continue to plunge
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Launched & Priced Between Rs. 51K To 53K
e BREAKING NEWS: Paul Mazursky Bids Farewell at 84 Years Old
e 'Game of Thrones' Season 5 and 6 Announced by HBO
e Sofia Vergara & Nick Loeb Split & End Engagement
e Jonah Hill Apologizes for 'Disgusting' Gay Slur
t Researchers discover new prehistoric hedgehog in BC fossil bed
m 22-YO Mom Saves Twin Daughters in Rolling Car by Laying Down Behind It to  ...
m Olive Oil's Heart Benefits Explained By Scientists
t YouTube using 200 'super flaggers' to hunt down offending content
e Zac Efron Kissing Girlfriend Michelle Rodriguez PHOTOS 2014: Drug Free  ...
t Verizon Turns on XLTE Switch, Promises Double the Bandwidth and Speed
e Andrew Garfield Wants To Pass The Torch To A Miles Morales Spider-Man  ...
t Apple-IBM Partnership Brings Big Data, Analytics to iOS Platform
e Amazing Spider-Man 2 fends off Diaz and Depp challenge
e Taylor Swift Shows Enviable Abs At The ACM Awards
b Amazon feud irks authors
b Alfa Romeo Planning U.S. Resurgence With New Models
t Gameover Zeus virus link to Australia as FBI moves to shut down the global bank  ...
e Meet Rich Wilkerson Jr: The Super Star Pastor Who Married Kim and Kanye
e Cronenberg, Gosling among Canucks headed to Cannes
e North Korea threatens US over Seth Rogen comedy about assassinating Kim  ...
m Colorado School Punishes Girl For Shaving Head In Support of Sick Friend
e NHS: Harris may have visited Broadmoor with Savile
e Random things to know about new 'Bachelor' Chris Soules
m Laugh or Cry: Alaskan bars hand out free pregnancy tests with drinks
b Stable Russia ties, new suppliers key to EU energy security
b Newly Public 'Candy Crush' Maker Gets Crushed
b Pound Sterling to US Dollar (GBP/USD) Exchange Rate Forecast to Soften  ...
t Here's The Best Evidence Yet From Apple That A Bigger iPhone Is On Its Way
m Study suggests link between autism and prenatal brain growth
e Daily Wrap of All Things For April 20: Liam Neeson, Neil Patrick Harris, Liam  ...
e Justin Bieber nearly crashes into an old woman
e Stones Roll with Sold Out Show
e [Photos] Happy Birthday North West! One Year In Adorable Photos
b Cruise news: Norwegian's next cruise ship will make UK debut in October 2015
b EUR/JPY Weekly Fundamental Analysis March 31 – April 4, 2014 Forecast
m Consumer Reports research finds Many Hospitals do Too Many C-sections
e Father of the Bride 3: Steve Martin speaks out 9:52AM
e 50 Shades of Grey fans can now become Christian Grey's interns
m Regulations covering fast-growing e-cigarette market eyed by FDA
e Miss USA 2014 Nia Sanchez Denies Allegation of Switching States to Win the  ...
t NEW YORK MOTOR SHOW: Corvette Z06 Convertible
e Dirty Secrets of Kardashian Family: Brandon Jenner Attracted to Sister Kim as  ...
e Harry Potter returns
b US Home Sales Up In April, But Below Last Years Level
t More Californians Expected to Travel This Holiday Weekend
e The Posthumous Michael Jackson Album You Didn't Ask For Drops in May
e Franco's 'Of Mice and Men' grips critics
e North Korea's take on U.S. movie: "Act of war"
e Detroit native, radio icon Casey Kasem dies at 82
e Andrew Lincoln on 'The Walking Dead' Season 4 Finale: I Asked If We Might Be  ...
m Being too thin more deadly than being too fat
t Battlestar Galactica fans eat your heart out: Earth-like planet discovered just a  ...
e Exercising with Dogs: Dos and Don'ts
t LG G3 UX features deliver the smart half of LG's slogan
e James Franco dismisses Lindsay Lohan sex list claim
t FingerReader could make reading easy for the visually impaired
b AstraZeneca Gives Pfizer the Cold Shoulder
b Rescuers free three trapped Honduran miners, eight still missing
b Senate Joint Economic Committee Committee Hearing
m Double Mastectomy often Misused in Breast Cancer
e Khloe Kardashian's Airport Style–Inspired By Kim's Wedding Weekend?
b Microsoft's New Mobile Unit Posted $424 Million Loss in Final Quarter with Nokia
b Rogue employee costs Greenpeace $5.2 million
m Observation, Two-Midnight Rules Hit in Hearing
e 10 oh-so-honest quotes from Gwyneth Paltrow
b NATO Missile Defense Is Flight Tested Over Hawaii
t UPDATE 2-Jury leaves damages Samsung must pay Apple unchanged at  ...
m Liberia steps up measures to control Ebola virus
b Fed Will Raise Rates Faster Than Investors Bet, Bloomberg News Survey Shows
e Miley Cyrus Slams Overdose Rumors, Resumes Tour
e My Big Fat Greek Wedding is getting a sequel
b New-Home Sales Up 18.6 Percent in May
m Age policy changed for lung transplants
b MD Health Exchange Website Moves To CT Platform
e Noah rains down on Divergent, Muppets to win US box office
m New report shows more cases of child autism
e Palm Sunday 2014: Top 10 Quotes, Sayings; 6 Prayers, Blessings to Share on  ...
b Local unemployment rates rise again
t Chromecast Launches In UK At £30 Pricepoint
t With Nokia, Microsoft is showing it's not afraid to make bold moves. Just not the  ...
t HAM radio operators to hold Field Day
t Fossil of world's biggest flying bird
e Shigeru Ban wins 'Nobel' for architecture
t NEW YORK AUTO SHOW: Have YOU Ever Wanted To Party Like A Rock Star  ...
t Stocks slip below records; FMC falls
t T-Mobile to start taking Galaxy S5 preorders for $0 down on March 24th
e Angelina Jolie & Elle Fanning Hold Hands at 'Maleficent' Paris Photo Call!
e Tori Spelling on husband's cheating: "It's hard & I miss him"
e Yahoo searching for four original web series to battle Netflix
t Dating anyone? Facebook's new "Ask" feature wants to know
e Hercules Trailer: Your Name Is a Rallying Cry
t Should a Mom Have Been Banned From Facebook for Posting This Photo?
t Xbox One to Launch in China
t US To require rear-view cameras in all new vehicles
b UK's FTSE falls, led lower by airline stocks
t Apple And Comcast Working On Streaming TV Service (Rumor)
b Egyptian premier defends steep rise in energy prices, citing ailing economy
b UPDATE 1-China's property investment slows; sales, new construction drop in May
m AOL.com Article - West African airline suspends flights amid Ebola outbreak
t Nokia Announces Product Advisory for AC-300 Charger for the Lumia 2520  ...
t LUNAR ECLIPSE: Pink moon rises over Border
b Starnes: Burger King Flame Broils Gay Pride Whopper
b KC amid 'World's Most Ethical Companies' for third time
e Who's your celebrity style icon?
t Sony PlayStation will be entering China soon
e Live replica of Van Gogh's severed ear on display at German museum
b Jeffrey Scharf, Everybody's Business: The ins and outs of today's low interest rates
t Nintendo posts another tough quarter as profits turn to losses
b Kentucky receives hemp seed permit
e Nadine Smith challenges 3 gay-marriage critics to take the Ice Bucket Challenge
t AT&T might challenge Google Fiber with high-speed Internet service in KC
t Mario Kart Wii voted best Mario Kart game in poll
t Facebook Tampers With News Feed Of Nearly 700000 Users As Part Of A  ...
e Cyrus pays tribute to her dog during concert
e Chris Brown, Joyce Hawkin's sent heartfelt Twitter messages to singer before  ...
e Guy Atchley breaks down Jay Z & Solange attack
b Chinese rush for bottled drinks after benzene pollutes tapwater
t New Facebook feature lets you know which friends are nearby
t American Lung Association: Suffolk County Has Worst Ozone Pollution in State
e Floyd Mayweather & T.I. Brawl Over Tiny In Vegas [VIDEO]
m Ebola outbreak triggers emergency measures
e We have started filming 'Star wars Episode 7': Alan Horn
e Kim Kardashian is reunited with her bra as baby daughter North West makes first  ...
b US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St opens lower on growth concerns
e 'Game of Thrones' Season 4 News & Spoilers: Kit Harington Talks About Getting  ...
b Stocks notch tiny gains, week ends lower
b GLOBAL MARKETS-Dollar firm, stocks subdued as inflation adds to Fed risk
b MH370: Widow Confirms Pilot in Control; His 'Secret Plan' Retrieved
e 'Game of Thrones': 'Burn it to the ground and all the dead with it.'
b Valeant offers $45.7bn for Botox firm Allergan
b MH370 Lost in Indian Ocean: Planes checking new search area
t GM has Another Key Problem
e Miley Cyrus' Ridiculous Lip Tattoo (Photos)
e Amazon launches music streaming for Prime members (Update)
e Coachella Music Festival live webcast
t FTC Alleges T-Mobile Made Hundreds of Millions Profiting off Fraud
e Paul Walker MTV Movie Awards Tribute: Vin Diesel and Jordana Brewster  ...
e Seth McFarlane takes aim at western genre
e The Other Woman, "Brick Mansions" and "The Quiet Ones" Open Friday
t Software Google Picks Up Twitch for $1B USD
t 'House of Cards' Season 3 2014: Netflix Series To Remove Set From Maryland  ...
e Mariah Carey and Nick Cannon spotted together – working things out?
b Operation Care
t Ray-Ban makers to design Google glasses
e HBO backs tech comedy 'Silicon Valley' for second season
m Benton County back on top of health rankings
t Watch Out for Exploding Laptops: Sony Recalls 26K Vaio PCs
t Sony hints at new phone with front flash for better selfies
b Postal services at Staples draw union protests
m Vials of Smallpox Found Unsecured in Maryland; Sent to CDC
e Chris Colfer is not leaving 'Glee'
e Kimye's wedding bands were designed by close pal
b Central bank leaves monetary policy target intact
e Bill Murray gives love, marriage advice to bachelor party visiting Charleston
e Kanye West booed by crowd at Bonnaroo Music Festival
t Galaxy S5 to outsell Galaxy S4, says Samsung executive
b China's Trade Unexpectedly Rises
b Kraft Recalls 96K Pounds of Oscar Mayer Wieners
e 10 things you probably didn't know about Spider-Man
e A Viewer's Guide to Weekend Movies: Return of the X-Men and the Man-Child
e Film Review: 'Transcendence'
t Google Launches Android Wear Developer Preview
b AG Schneiderman Celebrates Earth Week By Presenting A Review Of...
e 'Blended' movie review: For an Adam Sandler comedy, not as bad as you might  ...
m Baby Gorilla Joanne Settles Down at San Diego Zoo Safari Park
e Michael Strahan Begins 'Good Morning America' Gig As Part-Time Contributor  ...
e Judge Joe Brown Arrested after courtroom outrage
m Dad's plea to memorialize baby girl leaves lasting impression
m Researchers Find Out the Source of Invasive Bladder Cancer
t Symantec's Irish staff lead probe into cyber spy attacks
b International markets roundup
b Sahara chief Subrata Roy to stay in jail as SC dismisses plea for house arrest
b King Doesn't Crush It, Down 16% in Debut
e Beyonce and Jay Z Will Go 'On the Run' in Joint Summer Tour
t GM provides lessons for all legal departments
e 'Hands up, don't shoot': Ferguson comes to Los Angeles as Rapper Common  ...
t HTC One M8 Vs. Galaxy S4 Active: Spec and Feature Comparison
t A Real Life Summer Bleakbuster
e TV quick hits: Matt Lauer's new deal; Chris Christie, Robert Pattinson, Hodor  ...
e The Amazing Spider-Man 2: What's Emma Stone Doing With Him?
e Jay Z to Hold Made in America Festival in L.A. and Philadelphia
t Tech Giants Demand FCC Respect Net Neutrality
b US too-big-to-fail subsidy as high as $70 billion, IMF says
t Calls for action as world faces fork in climate road
m MERS cases reach more than 400, more than 100 dead
b Malaysia Flight 370: Pilot Hijacked The Plane Or Played Along
b Alibaba's Amended IPO FIling Shows Higher Costs to Attract Mobile Shoppers  ...
t LG set to return to Windows Phone 8.1 with recent leak
m Logan travelers warned about MERS virus
e So This Happened: Madonna Sets Her Armpit Hair Free & Launches New MDNA  ...
e Weird Al's conspiracy twist on Lorde's Royals
e Miley Cyrus Shades Selena Gomez, Yet Again
m Is it Time to Re-think Antidepressant Use During Pregnancy?
e Move over, Tony Robbins: Oprah Winfrey launches arena tour of uplift
b At NYU, Janet Yellen praises Ben Bernanke
e Jay Z's fallen out with Kanye West
e New Anti-Gay Remarks From Duck Dynasty Cast Member
b Airlines see FTSE descend
b Microsoft, Amazon, Starbucks are stocks to watch
t Polluted Paris forces half cars off the road (Update)
b Lufthansa strike hits Irish flights
b Affordable Care Act deadline ahead, signups increase
b President Obama brings Equal Pay Activist Lily Ledbetter back to the White  ...
e Miley Cyrus Wears Head-to-Toe Marc Jacobs on Elle Magazine May 2014 Cover
t You can now trial Samsung Galaxy devices at five Galaxy Studio locations
e Scout Willis topless Instagram protest: Daughter of Bruce Willis and Demi Moore  ...
m Swedish Covenant Hospital Earns 5th Straight Top Safety Grade
b FOREX-Wounded dollar eyes BOJ, Aussie slides to 2-week low
e Kiss rocks San Manuel casino crowd to kick off arena football season
t Exclusive - EBay initially believed user data safe after discovering breach
b Apple agrees to buy Beats Electronics for $3 billion
t Cellphone towers take on different disguises
b Latest BP oil spill concerns US authorities
t Finally! A Decent Espresso On The International Space Station
m Ebola Virus Update: Samaritan's Purse, Peace Corps Remove Personnel as  ...
b Pilgrim's Pride Said to Raise Hillshire Bid to $55 a Share
t From the Forums: Android Wear, L is for Lava Cake, Fourth of July Grillin', and  ...
b Gas prices decline 1.6 cents
b Ohioan Keith Ledgerwood's theory of the Malaysia Airlines jet disappearance  ...
b Gold plunges ahead of Yellen's testimony
b UPDATE 1-Puerto Rico governor offers debt restructuring for public corporations
t Apple Running Its Back To School Promotion Already
t Target offering Samsung Galaxy S5 for $100 with contract, after trade-in
b Forex Market: EUR/USD declines a second day on ECB easing speculation
e James Gunn Discusses His Plans For 'Guardians of the Galaxy 2'
b 1ST LEAD Key eurozone business indicator PMI slips for second month By Jean  ...
b Highway 99 tunnel machine won't dig again before March 2015
b Apple to buy Beats Electronics for $3bn
t Killer Asteroid Coming Relatively Soon
t National Average Gas Price To Drop This Summer As Supply of Ethanol Improves
e LIVE REVIEW: Miley Cyrus Back With A Bang As Shocking Bangerz Tour Hits  ...
t I Got You a Dollar. Netflix Increases Subscription Prices
b BNP Paribas to pay $8.83bn fine
t The first piece of Halo 5: Guardians concept art has already emerged
b Poroshenko speaks for new EU sanctions against Russia, if situation in eastern  ...
t 'Giraffe' meteor shower could light up Bay Area skies
e Miranda Kerr Left Embarrassed Over Beiber and Bloom
b Woodside a takeover target with Shell's stake cut
e Prince Reunites with Warner Bros., Readies New Album
b Google quarterly results disappoint despite net income climbing to $US3.45 billion
b GM to invest nearly $450M in Detroit-area factories
b Euro, dollar on soft ground over Ukraine, ECB comment
t Google Glass's lead engineer Adrian Wong moves to Oculus VR, Ivy Ross takes  ...
b Pilgrim's Pride offers $5.58B for Hillshire Brands
t Zuckerberg: the Warren Buffett of technology?
e Cannes 2014: Turkish Drama Winter Sleep Wins Palme d'Or
m Sunscreen: What you should know before buying it
t Epic eBay Hack, Nest Protect Update, Secret Android App, Apple Weed Firm  ...
t Google rolls out Hangouts update for Android
e The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back  ...
e Selena Gomez breaks off with Justin Bieber over wedding snub
t US Supreme Court rejects Google's bid to dismiss Street View suit
e “True Blood” Season 7, Episode 2: “You Found Me”
b BNP Paribas agrees to pay $9 bn after pleading guilty to violating US sanctions  ...
b Airlines call on gov'ts to tackle issue of unruly passengers
t Apple avoids $800 million trial by settling e-book antitrust case
m Judge allows Arizona law restricting non-surgical abortions to take effect
b Deadly Benton County Crash
t Why did you leave Windows Phone?
b IBM commits $3B to advanced chip R&D (IBM)
b IMF Downgrades Russia's Economic Prospects Amid Ukraine Tensions
b In Japan, Higher Grocery Bills Add to a Leader's Burden
e Bringing 'Hard Day's Night' Back
b Pfizer and AstraZeneca step up fight over potential merger
b Obama To Speak On Obamacare Enrollment
b New York City Council Considers Shopping Bag Fee Legislation
e New 'Batman v Superman' Photo Proves We've Learned Nothing From 'Man of  ...
m Cancelled Non-Group Plans: What We Know Now That We Did Not Know In  ...
t Xbox One coming to India, Russia and 25 other countries in September
e The View Reportedly Firing Jenny McCarthy, Sherri Shepherd
e Divergent breaks the YA movie curse! On track to be huge hit!
b Spanish factory growth keeps picking up
b Consumer prices up 0.2% in year to March on foot of education fees and insurance
b US charges Chinese military
t WATCH: Obama plays soccer with Japanese robot
t What to Expect from Amazon's Smartphone
b Argentina's Supreme Court loss may serve as a wake-up call
b SA abstains in UN vote of Crimea
e Monet, other art lead auctions
e The Download: 'Star Wars' Spin-Off, and Edgar Wright's Exit From 'Ant-Man,' and  ...
e Kim Kardashian 'feels like royalty' ahead of $18m wedding ceremony to Kanye  ...
e Bachelorette 2014 Spoilers Predictions: Who Wins Tonight?
b Indonesia Manufacturing PMI Rises To Record High In May
b Does the Coca-Cola Whisper Number Show Investor Confidence?
t Kill Switch Bill Approved By California Senate
m Researchers have developed blood test for Alzheimer's
e No, Andi Dorfman Was Not Slut-Shamed On Last Night's Shocking "Bachelorette  ...
t You May Also Like
e Actress Amy Adams Gives Her First-Class Seat to a Soldier
b Breach fallout claims Target CEO
t PS4 Vs Xbox One: PS4 In Stock Limitations Could Be Why Xbone Is Catching Up
e Sherri Shepherd And Jenny McCarthy Fired From 'The View': Possible  ...
m 'Drastic action' needed on Ebola
e Bachelorette 2014's Eric Hill Passes Away, Family Speaks Out About Tragedy
b Putin's words over Crimea 'terribly reminiscent of Hitler'
e Former 'Scandal' star Columbus Short arrested for public intoxication
b Two arrested over insider trading scam
t Microsoft alters Hotmail policy amid blogger inbox probe outcry
e Vin Diesel Dances with Jimmy Fallon on The Tonight Show
m Sleep Apnea Could Lead To Hearing Loss, Especially In Overweight Or Obese  ...
b GoPro Earnings Will Be Key, and Do Not Forget Ambarella (Update)
e Ow, Ow! Paris Hilton Makes A White Hot Entrance At The BET Awards!
t Microsoft Delivers Bug-Ridden Calendar Update for Windows Phone
t Computer Sim Shows Cosmic Evolution Over Billions and Billions of Years
e Local stores plan special deals, events April 19 for National Record Store Day
e Country music fans grieve Kevin Sharp, dead at 43
t Oh goodie! Yet another billion dollar patent lawsuit
e Game Of Thrones: More Purple Wedding Photos
e Rosie O'Donnell Returning To 'The View': VIDEO
t What you need to know about GM's latest recalls
e 'Grease' goes lives on TV in 2015
e Jodie Foster and Girlfriend, Alexandra Hedison, Tie the Knot
e Bieber cleared in cellphone case
e 'Guardians Of The Galaxy': Star Lord Explains 'Footloose' And Hear 'I Am Groot  ...
t Criminals try to cash in on 'Heartbleed' bug
b Pfizer 1Q profit drops 15 percent due to lower sales
e Matisse's colorful cutouts go on show in London
e Tywin and Tyrion Had a Complicated Father's Day
e Terry Richardson Doesn't Think He's a Pervert
t Today's topic: Update on XLTE:
b AOL's Revenue Rises on Surge in Ad Sales
e Zara apologizes for 'concentration camp' tee-shirt
t Let's Face it, selling your data beats fee
e HBO Signed an Exclusive Deal With Amazon Prime That's So Close to Being  ...
t Starbucks Rolls Out Powermat Wireless Charging
e GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY - Interview with director James Gunn
b Euro steadies in Asia
m Can your choice in music actually be hazardous to your health?
e Mick Jagger posts tribute to 'lover and best friend' L'Wren Scott
b Businesses, residents in area affected by Pulaski Skyway shutdown apprehensive
e Miley Cyrus' tour bus catches on fire
b BEIJING MOTOR SHOW: Hyundai's smallest SUV
e Pharrell Cries On "Oprah" Because He's Happy
t Reviewer: Microsoft's New 'Toaster-Fridge' PC Still Has A Few Problems
b Libyan pm Zeidan has lost confidence vote
t Internet users can't do much to thwart the 'Heartbleed' bug
t Galaxy Tab S: Samsung's new flagship tablet
m WHO vigilant on new Middle East coronavirus developments
b Stocks are mostly higher in early trading
e Miley Cyrus says she's fighting fit as she resumes tour in London after canceled  ...
t Heartbleed Bug Sends Bandwidth Costs Skyrocketing
e 'Bachelor' Juan Pablo picks Nikki, no proposal
b Twitter wiped out from Turkey
b Flash Boys, book on high-frequency trading, becomes the talk of Wall Street
e Justin Bieber says sorry after Japan war shrine trip
m Could a High Protein Diet Lower your Stroke Risk?
t Sen. Al Franken: Media Mega-Mergers and FCC Rollback of Net Neutrality  ...
t It's open hacking season, Ubisoft releases Watch Dogs on multiple platforms
m Men who eat processed red meat have higher heart failure risk
e Angelina Jolie's Kids Helped Her Create 'Maleficent' Character's Voice!
m 02.06.2014 09:38 - Saudi Arabia MERS death toll exceeds 180
e 'Dancing With the Stars': Former child stars, Olympians top leaderboard in Week 1
b US to face multibillion-dollar bill from climate change
t Local astronaut to launch to International Space Station
t Facebook's 'Social Experiment' Triggers Public Outcry
b Robert J. Samuelson commentary: Inequity is a problem, but not as much as  ...
m Study does not find association between HPV vaccination and increased risk of  ...
m New Wireless System Could Power Medical Devices
e You Betcha! Fargo Premiere Delivers Strong Ratings
t Tweetdeck 'hack': rudimentary, but still widely shared
b Longs and shorts: High-speed fallout, retirement plans and trading too much
t This Is One Of Google's Early Prototypes For Android Wear
e Wayne Knight: 5 Things You Didn't Know About Newman
m World's oldest cancer found in 3200-year-old skeleton
m Playing games boosts your brain volume
e 'Jeopardy!' champ Julia Collins: Impressive win streak comes to an end
b Samsung blames weaker demand for outlook cut
e Jack Bauer's back to save the day in '24' revival
b 2 Britons arrested in oil theft in Nigeria
t Apple, Comcast deal could turn cable co's biggest threat into revenue source
t Starbucks Charges Into Wireless Charging
m FDA approves device for preventing migraines
b Supreme Court ruling mixed on GHG regulation
e First Dibs: Was Leonardo DiCaprio Really Dancing Like A Moron At Coachella?
b 16 month delay for Seattle tunnel
e Drew Barrymore's half-sister found dead: Jessica Barrymore possible suicide
b Unemployment rates fall in 21 US states last month
t Microsoft channels Crazy Eddie, slashes Surface 2 prices by US$100
b Activist investors see Ackman-Valeant deal as a model to follow
b Is This The Beginning Of The End Of The EU?
t An Electric Motorcycle for Harley-Davidson? New Model Sounds Like a 'Jet on  ...
m E-cigarettes attract youngsters using music festivals, tactics banned for  ...
e Pharrell's 'Happy' continues run at BET Awards
m Only Hospital In The Northern Berkshires Says It Will Close On Friday, Citing  ...
e Fox 'Glee' Season 6 Cast and Air Date Rumors: New Episodes Featuring  ...
e Youngsters make first contact -- again-- in 'Earth to Echo'
m 10 Percent Of US Working Adults Die Due to Excessive Alcohol Drinking
m Gloves can now come off in California kitchens
e Jennifer Esposito Reacts to Speculations That She Trashed Bradley Cooper in  ...
b Treasury Two-Year Note Skid Reaches Longest Since January
e Kourtney Kardashian is reportedly pregnant with baby No. 3
b Stocks: Refocusing on the Fed
e 'Fast and Furious 7' Cast Update: Paul Walker Autopsy Alive After Crash  ...
m WHO 'CONCERNED' BY MERS AHEAD OF MECCA PILGRIMAGE
m New blood test to detect who is on the brink of dementia
t 5-year-old boy discovers security flaw in Xbox
b Rolls-Royce Says Retains Relationship With Emirates; Order Book Reduces By  ...
b Grocers sue Vt over GMO food label law
e The ABCs Of Aereo: What Is Aereo And Why Are Broadcasters …
e Who Peed on Kanye West? Kim Kardashian Reveals
t Nintendo Posts 23.2 Billion Yen Fiscal Year Loss
e Russell Crowe calls 'Noah' criticism 'irrational'
e 'Game of Thrones' Power Rankings: Episode 2
b Stocks move higher as investors assess US economy and earnings; Carnival  ...
e Coldplay tops Billboard with year's best sales week
e Jimmy Fallon Can't Keep It Together Playing 'Face Balls' With Julia Roberts
e In Internet TV case, justices show concern
m Different Ebola strain kills 13 in the Congo
e Review: X-citing return as X-Men reinvigorate franchise
t Chrysler Expects to Have Recalled Jeeps Fixed Ahead of Schedule
e Beyonce's Photo With Solange Knowles: Proof There's No Bad Blood?
t Scientists Just Invented A New Shape, With Rubber Bands
m National Autism Day to be recognized with ribbons
b Even the Obamacare countdown clock had a 'glitch'
t Fingerprint scanner, heartbeat sensor, and fully waterproof; Can your phone  ...
t Samsung replaces mobile design chief after Galaxy S5 backlash
b Valeant's Guidance Cut Shakes Confidence in Allergan Deal
b Today's Mortgage Rates: Wells Fargo Fixed, ARM and FHA Refinance Mortgage  ...
t Apple to pay $400 million in ebook price-fix settlement
m Dogs accurately detect prostate cancer
e Selena Gomez Breaks Personal Records and Reunites with Justin Bieber In Texas
e Gaga on Bennett duet CD: Jazz comes easier than pop
b UK economy basks in factory growth and IMF upgrade
e Movies: 'Muppets Most Wanted,' '300: Rise of an Empire' & 'Need for Speed'
m Ontario woman takes 'selfie' video to show doctors her stroke symptoms
t WHO report saying New Delhi has worst air pollution rejected
e Time Remaining: 4 Days
e Puppeteer recalls day his name was misspelled on Star Wars film credits
e Malcolm Young's possible illness sparks rumors of AC/DC's retirement
t Facebook Adds Shazam-Like Music, TV Identification
t Sorry Bigfoot believers, DNA debunks Sasquatch samples
m What the Tamiflu saga tells us about drug trials and big pharma
e Kimye's 'wedding illusion'
b In odd twist, industry quickly agrees to ban on 'microbeads'
b Ronald McDonald Arrested in McDonalds, and Naked
b Major Averages Posting Notable Gains In Mid-Day Trading
t Spectrum bailout is regulatory malpractice
e Star Wars: Episode 7 adds two more to its cast
e Michael Jace's arraignment postponed
t Delhi most air-polluted city in the world: WHO
b Vietnam accuses Chinese boat of ramming and sinking a Vietnamese fishing  ...
b Russia-China signs gas deal worth $400B
e ACM Awards 2014 Red Carpet Was Filled With Revealing Prom Dresses  ...
b Zebra Tech to buy Motorola Solutions' unit for $3.5 billion - FT
e Israelis get satisfaction with Rolling Stones show, Tel Aviv show announced for  ...
b Teva Pharmaceutical (TEVA) Set A New High After Supreme Court Decision
t A red moon in the night sky
t Tesla Has Nothing to Fear From Toyota's Fuel Cell Sedan
t High-tech cooler boasts Bluetooth, blender
e 'Dawn of Justice' for Batman vs Superman Movie confirmed
t Yahoo launches its News Digest service for Android, makes the iOS app  ...
t Station Crew Captures Cygnus
t WHAT OTHERS SAY: Facebook practices become increasingly creepy
b Seafood Fraud Crackdown Promised In New Labelling Bill
e 'Sons of Guns' star accused of rape, child molestation
m 2 more in Saudi Arabia die of MERS, cousin to SARS, more fall ill
t See This Paper-Thin iPhone 6 Screen Go Through An Extreme Torture Test - It's  ...
e 'Jupiter Ascending' New Trailer Shows Mila Kunis Ready For A Fight
b Burger King Releases “Proud Whopper” For LGBT Pride Month
b Why Shares In Mothercare plc Spiked Today
e Ringling Bros. performers hurt after fall in Rhode Island show [Video]
b The curse of Malaysia Airlines: Second fatal crash
t Final fed climate report will present dire picture - WCBD-TV: News, Weather, and  ...
b Poland Manufacturing Growth Slows For Third Month - Markit
e 'Game Of Thrones' Director Defends Horrific Rape Scene — Interview
b Barrington Upgrades Whiting Petroleum
b MH17 tragedy proves need for a higher authority on flight safety
m Too much TV viewing can double early death risk in adults
b Washington State May Face a First-of-Its-Kind Shortage on Tuesday and for  ...
b Toronto market heads higher amid surge in info tech stocks
b 'Chinese Twitter' firm Weibo to go public in US
e Jupiter Ascending gets a new poster & trailer
e The Bachelorette 2014 Spoilers: Andi Dorfman Sent Chris Soules Home Before  ...
e Every Matthew McConaughey Movie Is Actually About Rust Cohle
t Bullish Alibaba Stock Predictions Released in New Survey
b GE CEO Meets With French Officials Amid Push for Alstom--Update
t When is Cortana coming to Windows Phone in the UK?
e Joan Rivers Returns to the 'Tonight Show' After 25-Year Ban (Video)
m More Safety Glitches Found at CDC Lab
b Walmart Used Games Sale Affects GameStop's Business; Which One is Better?
b US GDP drop of 2.9% in first quarter hints at looming recession
b Uber gets London green light, 'black cabs' begin using app
b TXU Energy pledges service won't be hurt by bankruptcy
b Iraq violence sends oil prices surging towards $115
b Further rate rise hints from 'dovish' MPC member
m Ebola virus chasing Peace Corps and health-care workers out of Africa
t Now users can alter their Ad Profiles in Facebook
m Air traffic controllers continue to work exhausting schedules, report finds
b May sees surge in pending home sales, but this year still lags last year
t Security software just a Band-Aid for Windows XP machines
m Research again finds childhood vaccines are generally safe, serious side effects  ...
e 'Jem and the Holograms' Finds Its Stars (Exclusive)
e Floyd Mayweather Weighs In On Justin Bieber Video Leak
b RBI's monetary policy: Beyond a clinical approach
e North Korea replaces defence minister
b Yellen gets turn in spotlight
e Movie Friday: This Weekend at the Box Office (May 23-24-25)
e Lindsay Lohan reveals recent miscarriage
t Corals, Fish can Smell Bad Neighborhood
e Stage And Screen Legend Elaine Stritch Dies At 89
m 'Autism - Air Polution Risk in Pregnancy'
t Home News World Google fades into background in fight to save open...
e 'SNL' Scorecard: Andrew Garfield Brought Along His Spider-Man Costume and  ...
b US Fiscal Authorities Recognize Bitcoin. Bitcoin Will Be Taxed
e New "American Idol" From North Carolina
b MARKET NEWS - Pfizer CEO Defends Astra Deal, Committed to UK  ...
e Lea Michele 'is way better' than Judy Garland, says Martin Short
b Gilead Sciences: Fantastic Earnings, Stock Halted
b Fusion-io Soars Following SanDisk Buyout
t The Galaxy S5 Mini has a smaller screen and leaner spec sheet
b SunTrust to resolve mortgage probes for $968M
b Euro Mixed Ahead Of German PMI
m Study identifies young fathers are at increased risk of developing depressive  ...
e Kim Kardashian Steals the Spotlight in Plunging Dress at Khloe's 30th Birthday  ...
e Emmy Watch: Are Award Campaigns Getting Out of Hand?
b Conflict in Iraq rattles markets
b South Korean won falls ahead of Janet Yellen testimony, stocks rise
t MacBook Pro upgrade leaks: 2.8GHz Core i7 and 16GB RAM as standard
e I Been On: Yonce Racks Up 8 MTV VMA Nominations
m Officials: Nyack Restaurant Patrons Possibly Exposed To Hepatitis A
e Gwyneth Paltrow posts recipe that leaves fans believing she cheated
e Producer William Orbit Defends Britney Spears After Unedited Version of 'Alien  ...
t Display unknown and private
e Charlie White, Meryl Davis of 'Dancing with the Stars' 2014 happy to entertain  ...
m Strike me pink! Mother's Day Classic raises $10000
b Libyan oil exports on potential rebound
e Evangeline Lilly confirmed for Ant-Man, Corey Stoll in talks
e The Voice recap: Tears and fears on The Voice
e 5 Creative Mock-tails for Cinco de Mayo
e Can You Believe How Edgy Miley Cyrus Is and Continues To Be
b Construction spending falls 1.8 percent in June, biggest decline in more than 3  ...
t Netflix: New members now paying $1 more
b Google, Barnes & Noble take on Amazon with same-day book delivery (+video)
e Born Again Christian Actress Ann B. Davis, Alice on 'Brady Bunch,' Dies at 88
e New featurette released as "Rosemary's Baby" due date nears!
e Bachelor refuses to propose in season finale
e 'I thought she'd get it, she just looked the part.'
m Men should be able to donate sperm up to age of 45, according to new study
m Forgotten Smallpox Vials Found at Former NIH Building
e Game of Thrones Stars Hit the Red Carpet For Season 4 Premiere (PHOTOS)
m Study Suggests Cheap Food Is Making America Fat
e Penny Dreadful strives to bring Frankenstein to life
b Some Fed officials saw investors as too complacent on risks
t Google Has Forced Microsoft to Change Its Business Forever
e Ria Eaton Sings on The Voice 2014 Season 6 Blind Auditions (VIDEO)
b Shire Expected to Outline Defense on Monday -- Report
e Kiefer Sutherland; Freddie Prinze Jr Photo: AP/REX FEATURES
m Medical team repairs hole in woman's face caused by radiation treatments for a  ...
b German Bund yields near 2014 lows on Iraq worries
t Google and Novartis set their sights on 'smart contact lens' market
e 'The Hunger Games: Mockingjay — Part 1'…
m Study: Teens are texting more, drinking less
e Hayden Panettiere accidentally reveals baby's gender at Emmys
t Microsoft deploys Titans in gamers battle
e 'Game of Thrones' King Joffrey death a shocker
t Read Harry Potter books in a few hours? New tech may make it possible
e Justin Bieber And Chris Brown Reunited: They Are Like 'Two Brothers From  ...
b Buick Enclave Recall: 1.18 Million SUVs Afflicted With Airbag Defect
t Google Play Services updates to 5.0 with support for Android Wear
b Presidential Daily Brief for June 16, 2014
b Eli Lilly &Company (NYSE:LLY) and Takeda Hit with a $9 Billion Penalty
t Google names Ivy Ross as new head of Google Glass
e Lionsgate Rebooting Power Ranger Franchise
e More Talent Departs From Twitter
e Liam Hemsworth - Liam Hemsworth: Miley is my best friend
e Miranda Fugate hit in head with shovel in viral fight video
e Jack White reveals details about new album 'Lazaretto', shares new instrumental
t Diane Von Furstenberg's Google Glass Frames Are Still Weird and Nerdy
m Pistorius trial hears testimony on screams
b An insular obsession with house prices and mortgages
e Rock and Roll Hall of Fame 2014 Induction Ceremony: 9 inductees, 11 guests
e American Airlines Tweet Sees 14-Year-Old Girl Arrested In Rotterdam  ...
e Zac Efron Happier Than Ever As He's Mobbed By Fans At Radio 1 Studios
t Figuring Out Facebook's App Equation
t Apple versus Samsung case goes to California jury - WBAY
b Stock Futures Firmly Higher; Tim Hortons, Burger King Cooking
t Titanfall: The Joystiq Review
b Citigroup (C) Among Four Banks to Get Fed Capital Planning Extension
m Human nose can detect trillions of smells - study
m Study: Fortified cereal may endanger kids with megadoses
b Video news takes off online, Pew says, but are viewers tuning in?
t Asus Working on Android Wear Watch Too
b Hollande thrusts himself into Alstom fight
e Jada Pinkett Smith Talks Willow Controversy, Finds Marriage Troubles  ...
t Blood Moon awes Colorado stargazers during total eclipse of
m Why obesity is on the rise globally
t Google Envisions A Future Of Smart Devices Serving Ads
t Astronomers Found New 'Impossible Rocky Planet' 17 Times Heavier than Earth  ...
b Arizonans whose health insurance plans were canceled will get a longer grace  ...
t How To Install Android 4.4.2 KitKat (XXU1ANCE) On Samsung Galaxy S5 LTE  ...
e 'American Idol' will keep JLo, Harry and Keith despite ratings
t Facebook India is run by women, that's the example world should follow: COO  ...
e 'Mad Men' recap: It's January in California, too
e Looking out for Kimye - Hundreds of teenagers descend upon Cork hotel  ...
b Major events related to the career of Target's CEO
e The Zesty Antidote to the Bradys
b VW closes gap on Toyota's global sales lead
m Alzheimer's And Neurological Disorders May Be Caused By The Brain's Faulty  ...
e Neil Patrick Harris Has The Fairest Trouser Snake In The Land!
e DENVER (AP) — The 4/20 stoner holiday is going mainstream in Colorado.
e Kate Middleton Photo Goes Viral, Gets Compared To Kim Kardashian
b China's July PMI hits 27-month high on strong factory orders
m Fatty acids may not be so beneficial, study says
b Target removes CEO in wake of devastating cyber attack
m WHO issues alert over polio revival, travel curbs on Pakistan
m Fist bumps more hygienic than shaking hands, says researcher
b Russia agrees to turn over weapons, military equipment to Ukraine
m Illinois House committee says no to gay conversion therapy
e Kanye West giving Kim Kardashian ten Burger King restaurants as wedding  ...
e What “Changed Dramatically” for Juan Pablo Galavis and Nikki Ferrell?
b Affordable Care Act changes sink in
b GBP/USD Fundamental Analysis June 26, 2014 Forecast
t Starbucks brews wireless charging
b General Motors expands ignition switch recall to 2.6 million cars
m Cudurka Ebola oo kusii fiday dalka Guinea
b EUROPE MARKETS: BNP Up In Europe After Settlement; Pound At 5-year High
t John Oliver's Net Neutrality Call Bogs Down FCC Site
t 97 people in 16 nations charged with using hijacking software
t It's Pi Day! Celebrate 3.14 with 10 perfect pie recipes
t Activision Up 4%: Q1 Beats, Q2, Year Rev Views Beat
t 'Biggest Dinosaur Ever' Unearthed in Argentina
e Go bananas and let out your inner ape! We show you how!
m Tips for staying safe in the sun
b Uber wins early victory in battle with London cabbies
e Prince reclaims master rights to his biggest hits
e What Split? Beyonce Holds Hands With Jay Z In Romantic Photo Amid Mya  ...
e Jon Hamm talks 'Mad Men' role, early days in Vanity Fair article
b China throws full weight behind search for Malaysia Airlines flight MH370
e What were Tupac's last words?
b Chinese manufacturing grows for first time in 6 months, flash index indicates
t Google introduces new Maps app with Uber support and bunch of other features
b Texas Pension Drops Credit Suisse After Guilty Plea
t Mars-bound comet 'Siding Spring' sprouts jets
e Justin Bieber Strikes Plea Deal in DUI Case
e 'Bachelorette' Andi Dorfman -- Resigns From DA's Office
t How to Upgrade Your Samsung Galaxy Note 2 N7100 to Official Android 4.4.2  ...
e Entertainment news in brief
m Garfield County jumps in Utah health rankings
t National Pie/Pi Day! Happy 3.14!
m Medical Marijuana Study for Veterans with PTSD approved
b EPA adds Unimatic Manufacturing Corporation site in Fairfield, New Jersey to its  ...
t Amazon Unveils Long-Awaited 'Fire Phone'
m It's only a matter of time before the chikungunya virus spreads in the US
e Williams to reprise 'Mrs. Doubtfire' role?
e Stars say farewell to Peaches Geldof
e Jay Z, Beyonce Kick Off On the Run Tour in Miami [VIDEO]
e 'Dawn Of The Planet Of The Apes' Trailer: Apes Not Kill Apes
e Jon Hamm said he worked on set of 'softcore porn movies' for Cinemax
e PLAYBILL.COM'S THEATRE WEEK IN REVIEW, June 21-27: Lindsay Lohan  ...
e L'Wren Scott Death Update: Fashion Designer's Will Leaves Family with Nothing  ...
e Tracy Morgan Car Crash Update: Louis CK, Judd Apatow, Dax Shepard Urging  ...
t New Google Fit Platform Announced
e Top female US news anchor steps down
e Cast of upcoming 'Star Wars' sequel revealed (01:30)
e 'Ghostbusters' director won't helm third film, but says...
t Mantis Shrimp: Cool Eyes, And Stronger Than Airplanes
e 9/11 museum dedication
m Living near pesticides in pregnancy ups autism risk
e Jay Z & Beyoncé Might Tour Together — Cancel Your Summer Plans
t CTO of Oculus VR John Carmack Comments on Project Morpheus and VR on a  ...
e Listen to the “Amazing Spider-Man 2″ song by Kendrick Lamar and Alicia Keys
b What do new BlackBerry phones, desktop BBM mean for the company?
m Tamiflu, antiviral drugs' value questioned – experts respond
t Microsoft-Nokia deal: Can Satya Nadella and Stephen Elop bring new life to  ...
b Randy Orton To Win WWE Title This Weekend?
t With the Nokia X2, Microsoft just launched its first Android phone
m British Ebola victim lands at RAF Northolt from Sierra Leone and is given police  ...
m Life expectancy up worldwide; Where does the U.S. rank?
b Europe stocks climb as Asian shares end week strongly
e Everybody loves a clone: Orphan Black and its sci-fi inspirations
e DAWN OF THE PLANET OF THE APES: The War Has Already Begun In Newest  ...
b Netflix Now Covered by Analysts at Barclays (NFLX)
e Jack White to release second solo album 'Lazaretto' on 9 June - stream new  ...
b IMF Suggests Minimum Wage Hike In US
e Angelina Jolie named honorary dame by Queen Elizabeth
e JetBlue apologizes to mother after family was treated "like garbage"
b Morgan Stanley Steps away from return target timeframe
t China opens anti-monopoly investigation into Microsoft over Windows, Office
e Photos from Kimye 'Vogue' cover leaked
e Lions Gate to release 'Divergent' film finale in 2 parts, following 'Twilight' formula
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West jet to Ireland for secret honeymoon
m If Parents Won't Give Their Kids Vaccines, Will They Give Their Child A Drug For  ...
e Horrific Circus Accident: What Caused 'Hair-Hanging' Performers to Fall?
e Shia LaBeouf Placed in Face Mask After Spitting at NYPD
e Gwen Stefani Taking Over for Christina Aguilera on 'The Voice' Season 7
t Rosetta's Comet Looms In The Dark In Close-Up Spacecraft Shot
e 'Cruel' TV show tricks girls into believing they are competing for Prince Harry's  ...
e Record Store Day brings rush of fans to Pittsburgh independent stores
b ECB's Draghi Says Recovery Proceeding; Hints At June Action
b Germany's Bayer plans to buy Merck & Co.'s consumer care business
t NSA said to have used Heartbleed bug and left consumers exposed
b Shanghai shares up, buoyed by urbanization plan
t Uber Just Forged a Major Partnership with AT&T
e Most insensitive twitter reactions to that video of Solange attacking Jay Z
b ALCOA INC (AA) INCREASING COMPETITIVENESS BY ELIMINATING  ...
b Attention Target shoppers: Leave your guns at home
e Justin Bieber's Calvin Klein Campaign
m Maternal Death Rate on the Rise in US: Study Reports
e Want To Rub Sand All Over Kim Kardashian's Butt? That Job Exists
b Europe's reliance on Russian gas skewing sanctions debate
e Brad Pitt Ready To Sign Deal To Star In 'True Detective' Season 2?
b US dollar set for largest weekly slide in eight months
t GM recall: Many drivers young
t Amazon.com Inc (NASDAQ:AMZN) Kindle Fire HDX Is Soon To Be On Market
b Stocks Turn In Mixed Performance On Choppy Trading Day - US Commentary
e HERCULES Trailer Debuts, The Rock Teases DC Comics Movie Role
m Amedisys, Inc. (AMED) , US DOJ Enter Settlement Over Medicare Reimbursement
t French company Iliad SA reportedly wants to acquire T-Mobile [UPDATED]
e Malia Obama Worked on Halle Berry's New Show, Extant
t Microsoft Debuts 'Azure Certified' Program for Partner Apps
e Sinkhole draws visitors to Corvette museum
b Wall St edges to fresh records on positive data
m Incurable mosquito virus arrives in US
b Fancy freebies: Tycoon to treat homeless to lunch
t Windows 7, Windows XP gain market share as Windows 8 sheds few  ...
t Flooding rising with sea levels in Charleston
b Millions expected to travel for Fourth of July
e Colton Burpo Story 'Heaven Is for Real' Opens in Movie Theaters Across U.S.  ...
t Microsoft, EA, and Respawn have a lot riding on the Titanfall launch for Xbox One
t This octopus takes 4.5 years to hatch its eggs
e Robin Thicke's boldest move yet to win back his ex
b Gasoline prices have familiar look as summer nears
b Oil falls as market eyes situation in Iraq
e She Can't Stop: Miley Cyrus Performs In Her Underwear
e Has Kanye found the next Rihanna?
t Soil Frozen For 2.7 Million Years Shows 'Greenland Was Green'
e AC/DC rock on without guitarist Malcolm Young
e 'My Big Fat Greek Wedding' sequel confirmed to be in the works
e Dj Avicii - Avicii Will Be 'Fine' After Health Scare
t More from KTUU
e Lindsay Lohan says 'Grand Theft Auto V' stole her identity
b British Malaysia Airline's chief speaks out on missing MH370
e 'Winter Soldier' intense
t How global warming is changing Americans' lives detailed in report
t In Case of Clouds, Listen in to the Camelopardalids Meteor Shower
b Hedge Fund Takes Up American Apparel Founder's Cause
t Flickr adds 30-second videos to emasculate Instagram, Vine
b Why Zillow agreed to acquire Trulia for $3.5B: Bloomberg (Video)
t Apple vs. Samsung, Again
e Full House's Dave Coulier Gets Married, Cast Members Reunite at Wedding!
t Nearly half of Americans couldn't last a day without their smartphone
b Apple planning to buy Beats by Dre company for $3 billion
e Kim and Kanye marry in romantic Florence
t Nintendo posts $120 million quarterly net loss on higher costs
m Amped-up ear implant helps to re-grow auditory nerves
e The 'Jem' Movie Has Cast Its Holograms, The Misfits Remain To Be Seen
b U.K. retail sales strengthened
e VIDEO: Get a First Look at Tonight's HOW I MET YOUR MOTHER Series Finale
m AP News in Brief at 5:58 am EDT
e Erykah Badu Crashes NYC Newscast
b Target announces but won't enforce gun ban
b IRS should tax bitcoins
t Microsoft ends flirtation with Hollywood and original shows: source
m U.S. Alzheimer's rate seems to be dropping
b Consumer Confidence Reaches 6-Year High
m Alzheimer more lethal than breast cancer for 60-plus women
e Mysterious Bearded Man Found Hidden Beneath Picasso Masterpiece
t Normals ― 3D-printed earphones offer customised earbuds (VIDEO)
t Facebook's Oculus purchase fires the starting gun of the VR arms race
t GM employees under probe for defective ignition switch
b Best Buy Warns of Sales Declines But Posts First-Quarter Profit
t Alerts on severe weather across Southern Alberta and emergency contact  ...
b Whole Foods Market Lowered to Hold at Deutsche Bank (WFM)
t General Motors boss 'deeply sorry' after deadly crashes
m N.J. officials debate taxing e-cigarettes
e Rapper Cuts Off Penis, Jumps Off North Hollywood Balcony
t Game over for Windows XP – Or is it?
b China Can't Confirm Satellite Images As Missing Plane
e Juan Pablo Galavis: Who is he and why should you care? A primer on 'The  ...
e Coachella Webcast Schedule Unveiled
t Be aware on your boat
b REFILE-UPDATE 2-SunTrust to pay nearly $1 billion for mortgage origination  ...
m Report ranks Rockingham as NH's healthiest county, Coos as least healthy
e Rob Kardashian skipped wedding after fight with Kim
e Potato Salad Kickstarter Raises $15000
e The Final X-Men: Days of Future Past Trailer is Awesome
m Mental And Physical Toll Of Bullying Persists For Decades
e Rolling Stones cancel concert after L'Wren Scott death
t Ford Mustang to sit atop Empire State Building for 50th anniversary celebration
b How to invest if the ECB cuts rates below 0%
b JD.com Raises $1.78 Billion, Pricing IPO Above Offer Range
e WATCH: 'Hercules' Trailer Showcases Dwayne Johnson Slaying Monsters
e Katie Holmes Goes Topless For Glamour
e Gwyneth Paltrow Announces Separation on Her Website, and Crashes It
t Halo 5's mysterious character is not Cortana, not Palmer, and not a girl
b China says one-fifth of its farmland polluted, mostly with toxins from  ...
b Walgreen Profit Edges Down
b CURRENCIES: Euro Falls Below $1.32, Hits Lowest Level In Nearly A Year
b US economy grows at 2.6% in Q4 on consumer spending
e Everest Jump Live canceled by Discovery Channel after deadly avalanche
m Excessive drinking causes one in 10 deaths of working age adults
b The TJX Companies Sees Unusually High Options Volume (TJX)
b Chinese Nationals Quit Vietnam
e Beyonce, Jennifer Garner, Others Support 'Ban Bossy' Empowerment Campaign  ...
m Marijuana can alleviate MS symptoms
b Another GM recall: 1.18M SUVs for air bag issue - WNEM TV 5
t Google I/O Gets Positive Reviews From Analysts
b ADP: US Economy adds 281000 Jobs
e Empire's The Hobbit: The Battle Of The Five Armies Covers Are Here
e Zayn Malik's Drug Scandal Could Be The Making Of One Direction
m Middle Aged Excessive Boozers May Be Doubling Their Risk Of Future Memory  ...
e 'Captain America' stays atop box office; 'Transcendence' is trounced
e Bodyguard Says Zac Efron Defended Him During Attack In Los Angeles
b Pound to Euro (GBP/EUR) Exchange Rate Holds above 1.26
t A Baby Dolphin Being Rescued Off The Coast Of Florida Is The Most Non  ...
e 'Game of Thrones' Season 4 Episode 3 Recap: “Breaker of Chains”
b Japan court rules against nuclear restart in rare win for activists
e Khloe Kardashian's Birthday Wish Revealed
e Kim Kardashian's Sexiest Selfie Ever? Shocks Fans By Wearing Little Sister  ...
e Jodie Foster Secretly Married Girlfriend Alexandra Hedison Over The Weekend
t Survey: US Gas Prices Down 3 ½ Cents Per Gallon
t Red Hat Core Linux Business Should Drive Q1 Earnings RHT
e Kanye performs at Bonnaroo, Kim wears clothes
m School Kicks Out 3rd-Grader for Shaving Her Head
b Report: Failure to fund Ex-Im Bank puts US manufacturers as global disadvantage
t Samsung Galaxy S5 vs. Nexus 5: Can TouchWiz get the job done?
b ANALYSIS-RPT-Fox-Time Warner deal could bring the game to ESPN
e Music sizzles in 'Get on Up,' but not big enough for James Brown (B)
b Do You Trust the Gas Pump? County Inspectors Check to Protect Consumers
m Drink Up: Court Rules Bloomberg's Large Soda Ban Dead
e The End of All Music Celebrating Record Store Day With Food, Drink, a Special  ...
e Air Wars: Supreme Court Hears Aereo Arguments
m Time to rally vs. cancer at Relay for Life event
e Avicii 'fine' following health scare
b Nissan to focus on boosting profit margins over market share
e Prince George toddles along with the help of his mother
t Obama tells young people to make climate action 'a prerequisite for your vote'
m Novel antigen holds promise for malaria vaccine
b EPA Mercury Rule for Power Plants Upheld by U.S. Court
e Zac Efron Spotted Kissing Michelle Rodriguez - Get the Scoop!
m Guinea confirms that deadly haemorrhagic fever is Ebola
e Tupac Shakur's last words revealed by police officer
b Proceed with caution Only the very brave, or foolish, are investing in Russia right  ...
e Mom: 3-Year-Old Was Forced To Urinate In Seat On Plane
b The odds favor the house
b Biz Break: Harsh reality for Facebook after $2B Oculus acquisition
e Lindsay Lohan's 2 Broke Girls cameo brings in season's lowest ratings
e You Might Be Interested In These 'Full House' Cast Reunion Photos From Dave  ...
e Beyonce and Jay-Z touring together... ¿Qué!?
e Johnny Depp Thinks Transcendence Could Happen
t 'Destiny' Brings on Competitive Multiplayer in the Crucible
e Stephen Colbert Comes To 'Late Show,' Jimmy Fallon Finally Finds a Music Rival
t When Google finishes Skynet, only two will survive
e Why Amazon Is Willing to Launch a Half-Baked Music Service
e The Bahamas gets five-stars from Cameron Diaz, Leslie Mann, and Kate Upton
t Windows XP vulnerabilities go way beyond home and office PC
e Ming Dynasty 'chicken cup' sold for record $36M - WNCN: News, Weather for  ...
e Jon Hamm Recalls His Days Working on "Soft-Core-Porn Movies"
b South African Economy Hit by Metalworkers' Strike
e Cannes Film Review: 'The Search'
t Apple Considers On-Demand Music Streaming, iTunes App for Android
e The Bachelorette Review: Home Is Where the Heart Is
t All cars will be required to have rear-view cameras
t Rearview cameras to be required in new vehicles
t With Galaxy S5, Samsung proves less can be more
e Airline mix-up takes US passenger to Grenada instead of Granada
t When Virtual Reality Goes Beyond Gaming
t Sony Xperia Z3 News: AnTuTu Test Score Beats HTC One M8 and Samsung  ...
t Larry Magid: Amazon Leak Apparently Shows Unlimited eBook Subscription  ...
b Warrant: Suspects say girl went on hunger strikes
t Nevada pulls ahead in Tesla race
t Camaro Celebrates the Mustang
e Record Store Day has got you covered this weekend
m Marijuana Use Linked to Poor Sleep Quality
t Shanghai to San Francisco in 100 minutes by Chinese supersonic  ...
e Big bucks on the table for The Big Bang Theory
e Not a top 'Draft' pick, but worth your consideration
b Freebies and other deals for Tax Day
m Stress may cut crash rates for teen drivers: study
e The 'Pretty Little Liars' stars' sexy swimsuit photos in June's GQ
b Tesla Motors Inc. (TSLA) Fell To A 3-Month Low On Disappointing Q2 Guidance
m Altered Measles Vaccine Cures Cancer
e Netflix moves up into cable channel status amidst net neutrality upheaval
b 2 More McDonald's Shut in Russia as Crackdown Continues
b Vietnam stocks head for worst drop since 2001
m Organic Mangoes Recalled Over Listeria Contamination
e Brad Pitt's warning to red-carpet prankster: 'He's going to get stomped'
m Teenage pregnancy, birth, abortion rates all falling, report says
e Dancing with the Stars (Video) – Season 18 Premiere – RECAP
b Flight MH370: French satellite spies 122 floating objects
t Security roundup: USB drives, mice and keyboards can be hacked
b SAC Capital portfolio manager sentenced
t Derek Khanna Talks Cellphone Unlocking Victory, Copyright
e Here's Stephen Colbert's Response to the #CancelColbert Controversy
t GM recalls 3.5 million more cars across North America
e The 99 Percent
t 1.5 mln in UK hit by 'Heartbleed'
m A New Virus may Make its way over to the United States
m Got a rash? iPad, other electronic devices containing nickel might be the source  ...
e Awkward! Here's Ray J's Wedding Gift To Kim Kardashian & Kanye West  ...
t Flappy Bird Creator Considering Bringing it Back
b Reminder: McDonald's offering FREE coffee from 3/31 - 4/13!
b Saturday, July 26: Today in Gold and Silver
e Nobel laureate Nadine Gordimer dies at 90; her works exposed apartheid
e Paul McCartney Cancels South Korean Show Due to Illness
e 'Noah': What the Critics Are Saying
t Climate Change Report: The Worst Is Yet to Come
e Glastonbury 2014, Friday: as it happened
t American Tesla company producing electric cars opens up patents to all
e Is Lea Michele Pregnant? Tweets about Expecting a Baby Boy
t Google is Testing A Drastic Gmail Redesign!!!
t Watch April 15 total lunar eclipse live online
t Climate change 'complicates' global security
b Mortgage Rates Today: FHA Home Loans and VA Mortgage Rates at KeyBank  ...
e Road To Bonnaroo Day One: Austin Adventures
t Sundar Pichai to Apple: 'People are adopting Android Faster,' Google I/O and  ...
t PC market to show 'relative revival' in 2014
b Pfizer Approached AstraZeneca in $101 Billion Bid, Times Says
t FTC Accuses T-Mobile of Cramming Bogus Text Fees Into Phone Bills
e SXSW: Yes, Zac Efron Really Is The Funniest Person In Neighbors
e Those hot strangers making out for the first time may not be who you think they are
m Tent camps and shanties of Haiti prove fertile ground for newly arrived virus
m Ebola-hit West African nations isolated as airlines stop flights
t Apple and IBM to co-develop business apps
e The Bachelorette 2014 Spoilers: Season 10 Winner Josh Murray Engaged to  ...
b Obamacare enrollment deadline today
e Lea Michele Pregnant? Truth Behind Her Baby Tweet
t Teenager: Printing Everything in Garamond Could Save Government $400 Million
b Chrysler loses $690m in first quarter on losses tied to Fiat merger
m Conservation Notes: NY state gets $28M from feds for wildlife programs
m Dr. Oz Gets Grilled for Endorsing 'Miracle' Weight-Loss Products
t 'I Think There Is a Gay Mafia' Says Bill Maher; Warns Against Crossing Group  ...
e Disney Eyeing 'Indiana Jones' Future
b GM's Barra says she's 'personally' sorry about switch recall
t Confirmed Heartbleed victim: Canada Revenue Agency
e Rio 2's flight path takes tired, familiar sitcom turns
b McCafe Means Free Coffee for Two Weeks, Starting March 31!
t Owning a Pair of Google Glass Could Be Dangerous
e Doctor diagnosed Simon Cowell with depression
t Garamond Font: Could 14-Year-Old Suvir Mirchandani's Findings Save Gov't  ...
t Samsung Galaxy S5 gold model coming to O2,...
e 'Once Upon A Time' Casts Two More 'Frozen' Characters
b Asia Stocks recap: Turning down the volume
e Sherlock to return Christmas 2015?
b Full Predictions for Each Star in Briefcase Match
b More on NY's suit against Barclays (BCS)
e Disney Chief Reveals 'Star Wars: VII' Casting Almost Complete, Says Film Is  ...
t Balancing Hype and Realistic Expectations
m Nigeria's most populous city on alert against Ebola virus
e James Franco and Seth Rogen have been slammed by North Korea for their film  ...
e Mickey Rooney Death: Family Reaches Agreement Over Remains
b Europe's cabbies demand clampdown on Uber phone app, but EU chiefs praise  ...
e What to watch: Movies
e 'Noah' Featurette: Religious Leaders Defend Controversial Epic
b Chinese tech stocks take a beating in US
t Time Warner Cable Merger Won't Result In Less Customer Choice, Comcast  ...
b Wall Street rallies on Yellen's remarks
t NASA's Kepler spacecraft discovers 'Mega-Earth,' giant rocky planet that makes  ...
t Nokia X2: The Nokia X successor with 4.3-inch display, 5MP camera launched  ...
e The Amazing Spider-Man 2 Covers Entertainment Weekly; Close-up Look at the  ...
t Leaked Photos Show New Lumia 830 Smartphone With Aluminum Frame
t Preview of Windows Phone 8.1 update 1
m Five a day 'not healthy enough'
e 'Game of Thrones' Season 4, episode 6 'The Laws of Gods and Men' promo  ...
b Andrew Thorburn will take over as NAB boss
b Duke Energy Corp (DUK) news: Duke Energy reveals strategies for  ...
t Google, Viacom settle $1 billion YouTube lawsuit
b MARKET COMMENT: UK Stocks To Open Cautiously Up After Ukraine Vote
b Apache Q2 Profit Down 50%, Mulls Options For International Assets
e James Franco Compares Naked Selfie To Britney Spears' Shaved Head
b 1st LD Writethru: Power failure leads to shuttle train breakdown in Channel Tunnel
b Trademark board rules against Washington NFL team name
e Ariana Grande WINS Favorite TV Actress at Kids' Choice Award 2014
b Amazon to pay employees to leave
b Portfolio manager for Connecticut-based SAC Capital is sentenced to 3½ years  ...
e Noah's Jennifer Connelly & Russell Crowe Take Over Late Night!
t The Samsung Galaxy S5 Mini Is Official, Full Specifications
b Dollars to doughnuts, Burger King-Tim Hortons deal is a good one
e He Said, She Said: New 'Apes' movie maybe best ever
b Florida Sinkhole Opens Between Two Homes, Threatens Neighborhood
m Nickel Found In iPad May Have Caused Itchy Body Rash On 11-Year-Old
t Largest Known Dinosaur Fossil Discovered in Argentina
b Red Lobster Sales
b New York Fed Research Shows Too-Big-To-Fail Funding Advantage
t Xbox One to launch in China on September 23rd; Prices start at £355
b Darden keeps Olive Garden, selling Red Lobster
t AT&T fires back over Netflix's net neutrality stance
e See Zac Efron and Michelle Rodriguez Kiss On a Boat in Italy
b Focus is on 'rate of credit' consistent with 'rate of inflation': Raghuram Rajan
e New York College To Offer Summer Sociology Course About Miley Cyrus
t Next Titanfall DLC Release Date: Will Xbox Fans Be Pleased?
e Chicago Lands Lucas Cultural Arts Museum
m First robotic 'legs' cleared by US to help paraplegics walk
e Last-Minute Mother's Day Gift Ideas
t Facebook cleaning up spam in News Feed
m E-cigarettes do more harm than good
b IRS: 318000 Fed Workers Owe $3.3B in Back Taxes
t FCC may revise the new net neutrality rules, but it's unlikely to satisfy critics
b Home Prices Rise, But At Slower Rate
t Does Apple Plan To Record Its Own Music?
m Inner strength
b Baby pigs dying by millions
b GM focuses on customers amid recall investigations
e Country Music Hall of Fame Selection Is a Nashville Guessing Game
t NASA : Hubble captures expansive image of the universe
b Orbital Sciences (ORB) Looks Good: Stock Adds 5.2% in Session
e Dolly Parton draws biggest crowd at UK's Glastonbury
e 'Game of Thrones' premiere gives HBO top draw since 'Sopranos'
t FCC Commissioner Wants to Postpone Net Neutrality Rules
b US Trade Gap Shrinks 6 Percent Amid Record High Exports
b S&P 500 closes at record
e 'Captain America' holds off 'Rio 2' at weekend box office
e Gay fashion designers Dolce and Gabbana given 18-month suspended jail term
m AZ's Zoladex could stave off early menopause in breast cancer patients
b Omnicom, Publicis Scrap Plans for Big Advertising Merger
t 145 million eBay users at risk from massive data breach
m Biogen Idec's ALPROLIX receives FDA approval for hemophilia B treatment
e Queen guitarist reveals details on new album
e Review: The Amazing Spider-Man 2 Doesn't Quite Live Up to Its Adjective
e Mad Men Review: The Strategy
m This Country Has the Best Health Care in the World (Nope, It's Not the U.S.)
e ''It's just heartbreak'': Julia Roberts breaks silence on tragic death of half-sister
e Glee Star Grant Gustin Films Car Crash with Mustang
m Kansas County Health Rankings Show Wide Gap
e Weird Al returns with "Tacky" parody of Pharrell's "Happy"
b American Airlines pulls fares from Orbitz after deal falters
t Motorola, LG to soon launch Android Wear-based smartwatches
b Forex - EUR/USD edges lower ahead of E.Z. data, ECB
t FarmVille 2: Country Escape crops up on iOS, Android
b Omaha woman rents out home to Berkshire Hathaway shareholders
b In Uber vs. taxi companies, local governments play referee
e Turn Me On!: 'Mad Men' finds beginning of end
e Muse pay Kurt Cobain tribute with Nirvana cover
e Tracy Morgan's condition improving: publicist
e Happy Cinco de Mayo! Our five favorite No. 5's
m Men Feel More Pain Than Women After A Major Operation, Study Claims
e Sean P. Means: 'A Hard Day's Night' turns 50, but doesn't show its age
e NYC mayor sings 'I love LA' on 'Jimmy Kimmel Live' to fulfill Stanley Cup bet  ...
t Google, Facebook and Amazon write to FCC demanding true net neutrality
e Shakira, Gerard Pique Billboard Music Awards 2014 Photos: See Hot, Sexy  ...
e Lupita Nyong'o named most beautiful woman
t Sony Updates PlayStation 4 Game Console
t T-Mobile addresses FTC allegations that they knew about unauthorized SMS  ...
b Dollar Falls on U.S. Rates Outlook
e The Big Winners and a Practically Naked Rihanna from Last Night's 2014 CFDA  ...
b Boeing picks up $8.8 billion aircraft order from Singapore firm
t Apple loses Siri patent case
e Isaac's dream co-stars in Star Wars
t ESA chooses five potential sites for Rosetta's historic comet landing
e Get the Scoop on the Glorious Fashion Moments from Last Night's Mad Men
m J&J Pulls From Market Hysterectomy Device Tied to Cancer Spread
m New study says red wine, chocolate aren't a health booster
t AAA: Gas Prices Dropping Heading Into August
e Religion Bulletin - April 18, 2014
e Exclusive: Producer Ali Bell talks new film 'Draft Day'
e MOVIE REVIEW: 'Moms' Night Out' finds faith-based laughs hard to come by
e Edgar Wright leaves Marvel`s `Ant-Man`
t EU, South Korea Sign Landmark Deal On 5G Mobile Technology
b GLOBAL MARKETS-Shares at record highs for ECB, payrolls double-header
m President, VP and ministers to contribute July salaries to Ebola Fund
e Fans Vote for New Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Character Poster Reveals
t Utah Area of Dinosaurs' Footprints Soon To Open For Public
t Is Google Glass For You?
b Target fires president of Canadian operations, names US exec as replacement  ...
e Disney's Anne Sweeney Exit: Her Greatest Hits
t Microsoft Debuts Free and Paid Versions of Office for iPad; MSFT, AAPL Slip
b Search for missing plane pivots north on new data
b Finland's March Inflation Lowest Since Mid 2010
b IPOs gone wild; More GM ignition switch revelations; Silicon Valley non  ...
t Self-Driving Cars Can Now Navigate Californian Roads
t How to save the Internet
e Has Kanye West ordered Kim Kardashian to stop smiling for photographers  ...
b Microsoft Earns Less, But Beats Expectations
e 2014 Cuba film festival to honor Garcia Marquez
m Potential diabetes therapy: scientists grow insulin-producing cells using cloning  ...
b UPDATE 1-Fannie Mae to pay US Treasury $5.7 billion on quarterly profit
e Beyoncé and Jay Z 'to do joint tour'
b Draghi's introductory statement
e Beer bill headed to Governor's office
m Got a rash? Your iPad, other electronic devices might be the cause
b M&A Lawyers Line Up for Major Pharma Deals
t Banks extend Windows XP support for ATM systems
e Zac Efron & Michelle Rodriguez Are Spotted KISSING In Sardinia?!
e George Clooney Responds to Daily Mail 'Lies' Saying Paper is 'Inciting Violence'
b Sums up top ILO official over failure of stakeholders in compensating families of  ...
b Jobless claims, factory data put some shine on economy
e This stamp is set to become most expensive tiny thing in the world – again
t IBM announces landmark partnership with Apple, to bring business apps for  ...
b Black Box Detector Joining Malaysia Plane Search
m Not just a girl thing, young men have eating disorders, too: Study
t Oklahoma City FOX Affiliate 'Accidentally' Cuts Human Evolution from 'Cosmos  ...
e NBC scores big ratings hit with Jimmy Fallon's feel-good approach
t Cisco investing $1bn in cloud network for Internet of Everything
b Miami's Real Estate Market Becoming 'More Balanced', Say Local Realtors
e Beyoncé Avoids Conversation With Kim Kardashian After a Run-In at the  ...
e North Korea News: Pyongyang Says It Will Retaliate if Hollywood Movie About  ...
b Federal Reserve on course to end QE3 in October
b WWE Money in the Bank 2014 live stream: Kickoff show featuring Daniel Bryan  ...
e Officials: Reality TV star Benzino shot by nephew while driving in mother's  ...
b EPA Power Plant Mercury Rule Upheld by US Appeals Court (2)
b Nokia Q1 profit beats expectations
t Cyber attack forces Sony Playstation network to shut down
t Photos: Olympus High student wins Utah Doodle 4 Google competition
m Why West Nile Virus Is So Scary
t Ram Truck continues building a commercial presence with new 2015 Ram  ...
b MARKET ANALYSIS: Sentiment Cautious Even Amid Positive Data
m Colon cancer rates declining
e In Colorado, a pot holiday tries to go mainstream - News and Weather For The  ...
m Scientists report first human recipients of laboratory-grown vaginal organs
b US stocks gain on Putin comments, Yellen speech; Dow gains 0.72%
m Most Americans Remain Satisfied With Healthcare System
e Selena Gomez 'Is a Train Wreck'
t Honda Recalls 900K Minivans
t The Mustang celebrates 50 years and legendary history
e Court to hear dispute over Internet TV broadcasts (Update)
e American Radio legend Casey Kasem passes away
t 'Chicken from hell' dino no match for T. rex
b GM's Massive Recall Takes Bite Out Of Profit
b IBM Corp. (IBM) Is Pulling Back Despite Q2 Earnings News
b Equal Pay Day
e Watch: Honest Trailer For Tim Burton's 'Planet Of The Apes,' AKA $100 Million  ...
b Kansas unemployment unchanged in March
e Kanye West Preps His Dad For Kimye's Picture Perfect Wedding! You'll Wish  ...
t Snowden: NSA gave 'legal guidance' to NZ
e Mad Men: A Day's Work: Episode 2 Season 7—TV Review
e Sydenham's Rolf Harris jailed for sex offences - sentence slammed as 'unduly  ...
e Robotic heroes in Transformers franchise are starting to creak
e Kim Kardashian Pops Out Of Bra After Cleavage-Baring Stroll In New York
t LG G3 launches 27 May, but is already 'late to the party'
m Debbie Gibson writes about her battle with Lyme d...
e Sarah Jessica Parker 'to return to television in crime series Busted'... a decade  ...
t U of M researchers make Big Bang breakthrough
b Target profit tumbles 16 percent as data breach hits retailers hard
e Jennette McCurdy's Near-Naked Selfie Scandal, 'Sam and Cat' Star Reveals  ...
e Keifer Sutherland rep graciously responds to Freddie Prinze Jr.'s trash talk
m Adults Using ADHD Medications on the Rise
e 'The Other Woman' misses its mark on so many levels
t Dr. Dre Celebrates Apple-Beats Deal Worth $3.2 Billion
t Google steals drone aircraft maker Titan Aerospace from under Facebook's nose
b ECB monitors impact of anti-deflationary measures
t Apple, Samsung under pressure to drop smartphone prices
b Why Microsoft (MSFT) Stock Is Gaining After-Hours
b Oil dips in Asian trade
t New iPhone 5s Ad Evokes “Powerful” Message to Consumers
e Gone Girl Trailer Hits (Watch It Here)
e Barbara Walters Makes First-Ever Guest Appearance on ABC's THE VIEW Today
b US hiring streak extends into 6th month
t iWatch to be Unveiled Alongside iPhone 6 on September 9
e Neil Young has raised the $800000 (£480000) he needed for his digital music  ...
e Popular SiriusXM Shock Jock Fired for Tweets
m E-cigarette advertising soars on American TV, study finds
e 'The Voice' Season 6 Top 10 Results Recap: Find Out Who Went Home And  ...
m Philip Morris sued in South Korea over smoking hazards
b After five months, jurors for Madoff aides find decision easy
b Argentina not in default: cabinet chief
e Kimye wedding celebrations begin
t Fossils of tiny, unknown hedgehog found
b Stocks: The sell-off saga continues
b King Digital Gets Positive Reviews With New Coverage
m Michelle Obama: Don't "play politics with our kids health"
m Researchers: Parents can't spot child obesity
b Google tumbles as first-quarter financials and paid clicks disappoint – UPDATE
e Stella McCartney designs Maleficent inspired clothing collection
e Pretty Little Liars Star Speaks Out About Photoshopped GQ Spread
t Google Shutting Down Orkut
e On the set of Maleficent
b South Carolina Jobless Rate Falls To 6.4% In January
m 1918 flu pandemic that killed 100 million people solved
b Oil rises to near $107 a barrel as Iraq violence escalates; crude up 4 percent this  ...
e Wait, Sofia Coppola Is Directing A Live-Action Little Mermaid?
e Domhnall Gleeson on Director Angelina Jolie, "She's Some Woman"
b San Francisco Going After Parking Startups
e Kanye West Starts Ranting Again At Bonnaroo Music Festival – North West's  ...
e The Most Epic Vampire Movies Available On Streaming
b New £1 coin: Do you like it? Will it fit in supermarket trolleys?
b How much did the seized Bitcoins go for?
e TV: 'Thrones' recap: 'Two Swords,' no waiting
b SF Demands App Not Be Used to Sell Parking Spaces
e Brian Williams Raps Snoop Dogg's "Gin and Juice" on Tonight Show (Video)
e Destiny's Child Reunites For New Music Video!
t Galaxy Tab S: Samsung's fresh challenge to iPad
m Putnam County ranks 2nd healthiest in state
m Possible Ebola case in Canada
b US Jobless Rate At Lowest In Six Years
b Zions May Benefit Most From Rising Interest Rates
b The Fed may lift rates sooner than you think
t The 45th anniversary of the Apollo 11 launch
m Ebola: no vaccine, no treatment as quack cures circulate West Africa
b Caterpillar tax strategy under scrutiny in US
b Big Week Looming With Fed, Housing And Inflation Data On Tap [Dow Jones  ...
t Apple cuts Mac Book Pro price by Rs 11000
e Watch the Rock in the Full Hercules Trailer
t Carriers release Galaxy S5 two weeks before targeted launch date
t Company Update: Verizon Communications Inc (NYSE:VZ) – Verizon Wireless  ...
e 9 How I Met Your Mother Jokes As Infographics
e Penny Dreadful
b China blames US for stoking tensions in S.China Sea- UPDATED
e Leonardo DiCaprio could star in Steve Jobs biopic
e Weird Al is fed up with your 'Word Crimes' in new parody video of 'Blurred Lines'
e Ryan Gosling Looks Sexy At Cannes, Drops Teaser For "Lost River"
e 'Thrones' recap: OMFG!!!
m Most Americans OK with Obamacare contraception mandate: study
t Odor-resistant clothing to be tested on ISS
t Spacewalk needed to fix space station computer outage, NASA says
m E-Cigarettes target youth with festivals, lawmakers say
m Man Treated For Deadly MERS Virus In Indiana Improving
b Russian stocks plummet in early trade on U.S. sanctions
t Recall Alert: 2001-2004 Ford Escape
b Banana Giants Chiquita, Fyffes Agree to $1.07B Merger
e Mad Men final series: The best episodes, the funniest one-liners, Don Draper's  ...
e Bizos recalls 50-year friendship with Gordimer
e RIP Frankie Knuckles, Godfather of House Music
e Peaches Geldof: No Suicide Note Found
e James Franco, Seth Rogen Parody Kimye's Vogue Cover
t Google Talk - Reasons Why You Should Download the Free Update
t Visionary or looney? Zuckerberg goes on a spending spree
e Music industry joins legal battle against defunct Megaupload website
t Apple and Google Knocking on Door of Smart Homes, Reports Say
t Aldrin's Memories: My Moon Walk and Mars
m Head doctor at Sierra Leone Ebola...
t Consumer Minute: Get ready to pay more for gas and groceries
b Americans aren't eating as much McDonald's
e Robert Downey Jr.'s son arrested on drugs charges
t Gas prices down thanks to refinery competition
t Rearview cameras to be required on cars. Advocates ask: What took so long?
m County by county health rankings show Kalamazoo in the middle of the pack
m Giraffe says goodbye to his friend, the zookeeper
b China reforms hold benefits for trade
e 'The Walking Dead' Season 4 Spoilers: Rick Dies in Last Episode?
t Apple Updates and Lowers Price of MacBook Air
t Google Glass Gets Updated Ahead of Google I/O Keynote
t Dr Dre Confirms Apple to Buy Beats for $3.2bn in Online Video
b Zillow to acquire Trulia for $3.5 billion (Video)
b Council gives thumbs up to rideshare
e The Bachelorette Recap: The Show Awkwardly Confronts Eric Hill's Death
b US stocks turn mixed ahead of economic data
m Case of Mosquito-Borne Virus Confirmed in W.Va.
e 'Captain America' transcends Johnny Depp's sci-fi thriller 'Transcendence'
t Microsoft job cuts could affect local engineers at Nokia's San Diego office
t Microsoft to cut 18000 employees
e Ed Sheeran to perform on 'Saturday Night Live'
t NASA successfully launches a carbon satellite
t Samsung Overhauls, Rebrands App Store to Galaxy Apps
b Reynolds American, Lorillard in advanced merger talks
e Gabriel Garcia Marquez: 87 years of magic
e Miley Cyrus and The Flaming Lips cover The Beatles - watch
b Steinhafel out as CEO at Target
t A look at the latest Apple-Samsung dispute
e Angelina Jolie On Wild Child To Mom Evolution, Brad Pitt Wedding Plans
m Menino to keep himself busy while undergoing cancer treatment
e Colbert Report draws accusations of racism from Twitter users
m Study reveals why we choose our friends
e Robin Williams: Comedian Checks into Minnesota Rehab to Maintain Sobriety
b Barclays Hikes Amgen Target, No One Notices as Gilead Pricing Concerns Bash  ...
t Titanfall: Expedition DLC map pack set for May 2014, first details revealed at  ...
t Facebook adds Shazam-like feature for music, movies and TV sharing
e Shia LaBeouf Allegedly Chased A Homeless Man Around Because Of A Hat  ...
t BMW Affirms Meeting with Tesla (TSLA) This Week
b Oversold Condition Prompts Bargain Hunting
t Robots' Efforts on Mars are Paving the Way for Human Exploration
e Jonah Hill apologizes regarding hurtful comments
t Tibetan high altitude gene came at the cost of extinction
b Target replaces Canadian stores head
e Palm Sunday preludes Easter, begins Holy Week
b VW-Fiat merger planning: report
e 'CancelColbert': Attacking Stephen Colbert and other Twitter campaigns is useless
t Google developing a 7-inch tablet that can capture 3D images
t A cost-benefit analysis of pipeline expansion
t OpenSSL Vulnerability Hits the Web Unexpectedly
t Watch This Tiny Army Of Sea Turtles Hatch In Front Of Your Eyes
m This App Is Supposed to Help You Get Over Jet Lag
t Apple, Samsung playing games citing big numbers in damages case: experts
e Mick Jagger's First Comments On The Passing Of Longtime Love L'Wren Scott
e Martin Freeman talks making 'Fargo's' unique elements and more with Hypable
b Pfizer Reports $1bn Decline in Revenues
t China investigates Microsoft for being a monopoly -- is the company guilty?
b Gold Drops as Selling Hits Precious Metals
t Microsoft makes big bet on Apple's iPad
e Zack Snyder teases the first image of the Batmobile from Superman vs Batman  ...
e San Diego Comic Con wrap-up: See sneak peeks of Avengers, Hunger Games  ...
b Is Another Argentina Default Coming?
e Madonna To Direct 'AdÃ©: A Love Story' Despite Failure Of 'W.E.'
t NASA discovers first Earth-size planet in habitable zone of another star
t Heads up! Supermoon is here (photos)
b RBI Guv Raghuram Rajan says current policy rate appropriately set
t FB Newswire: Facebook launches a tool tailored to journalists
b IRS rules that Bitcoin will be taxed as property, not currency
e Johnny Depp admits he wants kids with fiancée Amber Heard, says he'd 'make a  ...
e Gwyneth Paltrow had slammed `marriage trouble rumours` before split
b Best Loan Options In 2014 Discussed By Loan Love
m 2 more Pinoys die of MERS-CoV in Saudi Arabia - DFA
b Shared Shareholders Should Smooth Kodiak-Whiting Combo
e Critic's corner: What's on TV this weekend
m Study: Work stress exacerbates at home
b Pinterest's valuation up after it raises US$200m
e The First Look At The Full Costume From The CW's 'The Flash'
e Is 'Glee' Star Lea Michele Dating A Male Gigolo?
b Wall Street closes higher on Citi earnings
e Naked celebrity Rolling Stone covers: a visual history
t Ray-Ban maker Luxottica clinches Google Glass deal 0
b Dollar Tree to buy Family Dollar in $9.2 billion deal
b ECB's opinion on the Euro exchange rate is very important
t Fabien Cousteau Ends 31-Day Underwater Mission
e Nerd comedy stars have 'Big Raise Theory'
m iPad, other devices might be cause for rash
e Dolly Parton accused of miming during Glastonbury set by Twitter users
e Neil Young will be launching New Music Player tomorrow
b Halliburton Posts Strong Quarter On North American Margins
m Food, and wine, for thought
t Stocks to watch: T, BA, PG, DAL, BIIB, AAPL, FB
m Autism May Begin in the Womb: Brain Abnormalities Spotted Before Birth
b From Death Panels To Death Spirals: The Right-Wing Media's Epic Five-Year  ...
t Suzuki Issues Recall
t Microsoft reportedly to roll out new branding following Nokia buyout
b TrueCar (TRUE) Trades Strong; Will Be Added to Russell 2000, 3000 Indices
t Xbox One and PS4 are energy guzzlers
t Snapchat settles charge with FTC that it deceived users
m Amazon Warehouse Issues Mount Amid Labor Department Scrutiny
e Sean Hayes Joins Cast of CBS' 'The Millers' as Series Regular
e Rolling Stones Postpone 7 Shows Following L'Wren Scott's Death
t 'Where were you when I walked on moon?'
t Samsung Wants To Use Google's Might To Battle Apple in Court
m Guinea seeks to stem spread of deadly Ebola virus in capital
m Doctors: Pelvic exams unnecessary for healthy, non-pregnant women
t Nokia's Chennai mfg plant not part of Microsoft deal
t Microsoft Says Xbox One Controller Will Work With PCs, Just Not Right Now
b Fitch keeps SA at BBB, changes outlook to negative
t SpaceX's land buys grow
e Nooooooo! Sunday's 'Good Wife' episode leaves viewers shocked, incredulous  ...
e Miley Cyrus Slams Liam Hemsworth Onstage
e JK Rowling Surprises Fans with New 'Harry Potter' Short Story!
e Leaked video shows One Direction singers smoking 'illegal substance'
t Facebook's new Ask button is a new way to flirt on the social network
b IBM Rockets the Dow Higher in Monday Trading
e Bittersweet moments amid Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's celebration
b Hillshire looks beyond meat with Birds Eye, Vlasic deal
e Rolling Stones rocks Norway in 1st concert since Jagger girlfriend's death
e Homeland actor James Rebhorn dies at 65
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West to wed this weekend!
e This Is Not the Look: Kim Kardashian Flashes Bra In L.A.
b Australia shares enjoy biggest 1-day gain in 3-1/2 months on China PMI
m Experimental Ebola Serum Used on US Patient
t The funniest thing you'll see today: Kids react to old computers
e Six Iranians arrested for making Pharrell Williams 'Happy' video
b Twitter sees growth in emerging markets: researchers
t Canada police charge student in 'Heartbleed' hack
t LG Launches 4K OLED TVs
t FTC: T-Mobile made 'hundreds of millions' with bogus charges
t US warns Facebook on privacy changes
t Mars mission: NASA to launch 'flying saucer' to test landing on Red Planet
m Survey finds that less than three percent self identify as gay, lesbian or bisexual
t More should follow Tesla in new economy
m Made in China? Not Anymore
e WSOP 2014: The Main Event Gets Underway
e 'American Idol' vs. 'The Voice': Who sang this Elvis classic better?
e 복사 URL 줄이기 레이어 닫기
e 'GoT' Finale: Parents and children
e Air NZ to bring army of global Hobbit fans to Middle-earth
t Microsoft offers $650 store credit for MacBook Air for Surface Pro 3 trade-in
b Red Lobster sale leaves fishy smell at Darden
e Justin Bieber's Racist Jokes Backed By Floyd Mayweather: Singer Apologizes  ...
b BoJ offers brighter view on global growth, keeps policy steady
m MannKind wins long sought FDA approval for insulin inhaler
t Ford Unveils 50-Year Limited Edition Mustang
e Kim Kardashian Writes Essay on Racism, Discrimination and Motherhood -- SEE  ...
t BlackBerry's Chen has no buyout offers as turnaround progresses
e 'Star Wars: Episode 7′ Will Feature the Return of Peter Mayhew as Chewbacca
e Charleston out of the running for James Beard awards
t Annoying Bugs in Windows 8.1 #1
t How to prosper in an uncertain world? Businesses wake up to climate risk
b Burger King eyes chain for $11.5bn
b CFPUA - Area drinking water unaffected by coal ash spill
e CAPTAIN AMERICA: THE WINTER SOLDIER Takes 1st At Holiday Box Office  ...
t HP Goes "All In" With The Cloud. Again. Sigh
t NASA finds elusive 'Goldilocks' planet
b 4 Things You Need to Know About Tesla Motors Inc.
e Surprise, Surprise! Beyonce Joins Sister Solange Onstage At Coachella!
e 'Transcendence' review: Action outweighs existential premise
t Chrome for Android is latest app to receive update from Google
t Inventing online games can be a depressing pastime
e Wayne Knight tweets 'glad to be breathing' after death hoax
e Morning Jolt: Malaysia's prime minister to make statement on missing plane
t Amazon working on smartphone that renders 3D images: report
b Last month, Sen. Joe Manchin wanted to ban Bitcoin. Now, he's not so sure.
t Google Antes Up Competition by Acquiring Beats Competitor Songza
e Justin Bieber apologizes for 'reckless and immature' racial joke
b Insurance deadline is today
t YouTube announce 60fps video and 'tip jar' for content creators
m Breast-lift surgeries booming since 2000
m You have read:
t Android L: Lots of new goodies for the developer
b Mergers lift markets on a quiet day
e Neil Young unveils PonoMusic
t Facebook Will Serve More Interest Based Ads From Your Web Browsing History
e Lindsay Lohan's Mother Pleads Guilty To DUI Charge
e McCartney Laid Up in Japan
e Khloe Kardashian Spends 30th Birthday Cuddling Up To French Montana On A  ...
m Ebola: Its Going To Get Worse Before It Gets Better – US Official
e Jamie Dornan: Five things to know about the big screen's Christian Grey
t Google brings driverless cars to California
e 3 people charged in confrontation with security guards at Taylor Swift's Rhode  ...
e First Woman to EVER Complete 'American Ninja Warrior' Absolutely Crushes It
t General Motors recalls another 3 million cars
b Report: Supreme Court curbs EPA plan for carbon regs
m CDC Lab Errors and Their Implications: Congressional Hearing Today
e Tripican.com presents “Captain America: The Winter Soldier” | In Theatres This  ...
e Box office
b Consumers hit hard as Egypt subsidy cuts send fuel prices soaring 78%
e Mickey Rooney's bold last fight
m Health Officials Scramble to Contain Guinea Ebola Outbreak
e Powdered alcohol product Palcohol set for launch in the United States
e Drake Disses Macklemore at ESPYS, He Doesn't Make "Real Music"
e Mayor Emanuel: George Lucas museum a boon for Chicago
b Egypt to raise energy prices "within days" - minister
b EUR/USD Fundamental Analysis April 25, 2014 Forecast
b Darden to Sell Red Lobster and More Industry News
e Drake, Beyonce, Jay Z lead at BET Awards
e Jude Law's 'Funny Face Off' With Jimmy Fallon On 'The Tonight Show'
e Full House may be getting revived by Warner Bros
e 'Jeopardy!' Host Alex Trebek Sets Guinness Record with 6829 Episodes
e TV: Adam Richman's New Show Pulled…
e Lohan discloses miscarriage on reality show
t How Google May Yet Again Go After Apple
e Wait, what? FULL HOUSE may be coming back to TV
e FIRST LISTEN: New Michael Jackson Song 'Blue Gangsta'
m Employee at a Missouri restaurant possibly infects diners with Hepatitis A
b COMMENT: Landmark default dents confidence in China
e Zac Efron Up for High School Musical Reunion: “100 Percent!”
e Anna Kendrick brings the adorable to 'Saturday Night Live'
e Kim Kardashian 'Ignoring' Vogue Cover Backlash, 'Beyond Happy'
e Kate Winslet's Unusual Baby Name Inspired By… a House Fire?!
b AT&T to buy DIRECTV for $48.5 billion
m Teen Pregnancies Are Plunging Because Young People Are Making  ...
b Search expands for for missing Malaysian airplane
e HBO Is Coming to Amazon Prime | TIME.com
e NFL sues MIA for $16 million for flashing middle finger
b Colorado lawmakers plan to boost marijuana profits
b Breaking Down the Breakfast Wars: McDonald's vs. Taco Bell
t The great smartphone war
b US Dollar in Demand over Stimulus Talk Elsewhere
b Play it Hard – A Tribute to Dr. Norman Borlaug
e Angelina Jolie admits to never being a fan of Disney
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S Now On Three
t A look at the privacy storm Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg kicked up
m Photo shows giraffe giving dying man a 'kiss'
e Zadan, Meron to Return as Oscar Producers
t Elon Musk plans to take people to Mars within 10 years
b EPA seeks comment on fracking chemicals
t GM CEO on hot seat today at Congressional hearing
m Study Links High Cholesterol Level to Infertility, Pregnancy Delay
e Holly Robinson Peete Looks Flawless & Proves She Doesn't Age At The BET  ...
t Turning Light Into Matter: Scientists Say 80-Year-Old Theory Is Provable
e Nicki Minaj suffers wardrobe malfunction during MTV VMAs performance with  ...
e Justin Bieber apologises for posting Tokyo war shrine photo
m Ebola Virus Outbreak Continues in West Africa: Death Toll Over 140
b Yellen: Fed Not In The Bubble Popping Business
b France's BNP to pay $9bn in US sanctions case
t Three reveals its Samsung Gear 2 Neo and Gear Fit pricing
m Cowlitz County struggling to rise from bottom tier of state's health rankings
e Fleetwood Mac is back with Christine McVie
e ​They're Killing Off Archie In July
b Stronger consumer spending lifts Q4 US economic growth
t Google Unveils New Platform for Smartwatches
b First Take: Alibaba's IPO plan sends waves worldwide
t Tech Giants Come Together To Support Net Neutrality
e Miley Cyrus's tour bus catches fire
b Research and Markets: China Bitcoin Report 2013 - a Massive Market for the  ...
b Fisher Says Timing for Fed Rate Rise Likely Moved Forward
e Once Upon a Time Season 4 Spoilers: Anna and Kristoff Join Frozen Cast!
e Saying Farewell to Radio Legend Casey Kasem
t Amazon Reveals Their Long Awaited Fire Phone Smartphone
b Sunday's Mortgage Rates at HSBC Jun 29, 2014
e Is Mother's Day too commercial? Its creator thought so.
e 50 Shades of Grey becomes most viewed trailer of 2014
e St. Patrick's Day a lucky charm for Irish bars in Chicago?
m Why the NHS thinks a healthy year of life is worth £20000
b EU reaches deal on major step toward banking union creation
e LiLo 'loves London living'
e 'Dancing With The Stars' Season 18, Week 4: Dance By Dance Recap
t Apple takes shot at Samsung with new Earth Day ad
b Hillshire Brands buys Pinnacle Foods
e Jack White Sets Guinness World Record, Debuts New Material on Record Store  ...
e 'The Voice' crowns winner of sixth season
e Teaser Trailer for 'Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1'
e 'Shield' actor Michael Jace projected image of doting family man before wife's  ...
e Tupac's Last Words -- 'F*** You' ... Says Cop
t Car shopping for teen driver? Consider these, IIHS says
b Dollar rises after Fed report on US economic growth
b Siemens Boss in Paris to Sell Deal for Alstom
e 'Game of Thrones': Michelle Fairley buries an anticipated twist
e Pattinson baffled by Twilight backlash
t Over 800 Million iPhones Sold!
e Airline apologises for porno tweet
e Review: Rio 2
e Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner Crash Kids' Party
b New York Sues Barclays Over High-Frequency Trading
t CTIA Partners with Big Tech on Voluntary Anti-Theft Program
b Photograph by General Motors
b Analysts: Atlantic City casino shutdown needed
e '24: Live Another Day' inspires a look back at celebrity guests
t 'Heartbleed' computer bug may rob you
b Frozen helps to boost Disney
e Photo Coverage: Red Carpet Fashion at THE LEFTOVERS Premiere!
b The 10 Best Stocks of the Bull Market
e Lena Dunham: I don't care about ratings, Republicans, or wrinkles
e Clamp snapped in circus accident
t China accuses Microsoft of failing to disclose information
e Starbucks to sell Oprah Winfrey-branded tea for charity
e Morning Jolt: Malaysian PM: Missing flight crashed in Indian Ocean
e Sugar Creek sets singing
b Bank of America swings to loss from profit, hurt by legal expenses
m Aspirin's Ability to Prevent Colon Cancer May Depend on Your Genes
t GM Appoints Recall Investigation Team
b Coldwater Creek Files Chapter 11, Plans to
t Google Unveils Street View 'Time Machine'
e US Airways apologise for 'offensive' tweet to customer
e Lana Del Rey Gets Mobbed By Fans As She Arrives In LA Post Kim Kardashian's  ...
b Mayor's statement ahead of black cab protest tomorrow
t LG G Watch With Android Wear Is Now Available Globally Including India At Rs  ...
e New Bachelorette 2014 Eliminated JJ O'Brien,Cody Sattler Tonight In Episode 6  ...
b Stocks Close Mostly Higher On Tech Sector Rally - US Commentary
b UPDATE 2-Level 3 to buy tw telecom to expand US fiber network
t Microsoft Unveils Thin Surface Pro 3
t Google targets January 2015 launch for first Project Ara modular phone
e Columbus Short Real Life 'Scandal?' Actor Issued Arrest Warrant After Allegedly  ...
e 7 Things MTV Can Do to Make the Return of TRL Perfect
t eBay Users Information Hacked
b Three Reasons for Thursday's Stock Market Advance
m Amount of children exposed to e-cigarette ads on the rise
e Ultimate Warrior's Cause Of Death Revealed — Wrestling Legend Suffered Fatal  ...
e Dir: Wally Pfister. US. 2014. 119mins
e The future for Sony's Spider-Man
m Health Highlights: July 30, 2014
b Credit Suisse hit by tougher tax evasion probe
t iPhone 6 tipped to feature curved chassis design; alleged case showcased
e Iggy Azalea's Boyfriend, Nick Young, Claims Nicki Minaj Is Jealous Of The  ...
e 'The Walking Dead' Season 4: Robert Kirkman Teases BIG, SHOCKING Season  ...
t Amazon Soon to Launch Own Smartphone
b Ready to hit the road?
b Apple chief in line for $68M payday
b Florida Unemployment Rate 6.1%, Brevard County 7%
e Paul Walker's brothers to complete Fast & Furious 7
b Zillow buys competitor Trulia for $3.5 billion
b China finds chemical in water city, cuts supply partially
m The Future of Birth Control: Remote Control Fertility
e Brunei Imposes Sharia Law
t T. Rex To Reveal Itself At The Smithsonian
b US Retail Sales Rise Less than Expected and Jobless Claims Rise
m Autism Risk Higher Near Pesticide-Treated Fields
t Elephants can distinguish between voices, human languages
b Massachusetts gets more than $40 million in Citigroup settlement
b Danske Daily: ECB Meeting To Be Another Wait And See
e Stones lose $10m for cancelling tour down under
e Robin Thicke & Wife Paula Patton: 'Blurred Lines' Star Spends $20k on Healing  ...
b Corn prices fall after USDA says crops are in great condition
b Emerging market ETFs in focus on MSCI Index review
e Lupita Nyong'o is People Magazine's 'Most Beautiful'
b Judge Orders Russian Tycoon to Pay Ex-Wife Record-Breaking $4.5 Billion in  ...
b Chinese premier: 'Zero tolerance' for corruption
b Facebook earns $642 million in first quarter; CFO to step down
m More than 100 get highly contagious norovirus on California cruise
t Sony Leads March Console Sales Ahead of Microsoft
e Hugh Jackman would love to see Wolverine join The Avengers
e Tributes to Sue Townsend after Adrian Mole creator dies
e Watch The 'Dawn Of The Planet Of The Apes' In The Film's New Trailer [VIDEO]
b Asia shares hurt by Wall Street loss in early Trade Wed
e Ferguson quits Late Late Show
t Sony's Project Morpheus VR device will “shape the future of games,” claims  ...
e Chris Evans And Scarlett Johansson Talk “Captain America: The Winter Soldier  ...
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S Announced: Release Date, Specs & Features
b Warren Buffett won't 'go to war' with Coca-Cola
t Samsung Galaxy S5 vs Nokia Lumia 1520 – A Worthy Adversary for the Other  ...
t Apple look set to acquire Beats Electronics
m India Is Polio-Free After Three Years with No New Case
e Anita Baker Is A Wanted Woman, Detroit Police Issue Warrant For Her Arrest!
b Pound soars against US Dollar
e 'Xscape' proves worthy of Michael Jackson's legacy (album review)
t SpaceX Dragon departs space station after month long stay
t Google's Self-Driving Cars Have No Steering Wheel
b Holcim to Merge With Lafarge to Form Biggest Cement Maker
e Kim Kardashian to try for another baby?
m Meet the Baby Born to a Mom in a Coma
t Cool planet hints at potential for life in double stars
b Georgia unemployment rate shrinks for ninth month in a row
e Miley Cyrus Postpones Remaining US Tour Dates After Hospitalization
t GM CEO grilled over traffic deaths
b Amazon hikes Prime price to $99
b Two more charged for Turkey mine disaster
e Obama tests work policies on federal contractors
t GM Recalls Another 7.6 Million Units
b PHOTO GALLERY: 24 hours around the World
b Inflation slows to just 1.1 percent through February
t Stargazers Get Special Treat with Mars
t First look: hands-on with the new HTC One M8
b Omnicom Group and Publicis Groupe Call Off $35 Billion Merger
e Hercules Trailer Debuts, Immediately Trends On Facebook
b Department of Energy: 2014 Is the 'Year of Concentrating Solar Power'
t How to Stop Facebook From Sharing Your Web Browsing History
t Did Spate of Wet Weather Fuel the Reign of Genghis Khan?
t This Is the Earth (in 36422 Selfies)
t Legal issues may define the future of wearable technology
t Scientists unveil dinosaur dubbed the 'chicken from hell'
e Review: 'Jersey Boys' hits its high notes
m Ebola virus spreading amid urgent appeals for international help
t X-COM: Enemy Unknown Launches On Android Devices For $9.99
e The Only Way is Ethics: To focus on Jagger after the death of L'Wren Scott is not  ...
b Japan's trade surplus is lowest on record
e 'American Idol' Winner Is a Victim of Home Invasion
t Microsoft's Nadella Should Patch IE Bug for Windows XP
t Apple on medical professional hiring spree ahead of iWatch launch
t What Climate Change Means To Vermont
e Film academy invites 271 to join in the Oscar vote
t Google Glass available to the public online
e Mick Jagger pays tribute to L'Wren Scott, fires back at split report
b Dollar Edges Higher on Buoyant Data
t Despite 'Mario Kart 8' Success, Nintendo Is Faltering
t Gartner expects PC market to rebound in 2015
t Notifyr Lets You Receive iOS Notifications on Your Mac
m Creasy: Take proper precautions against skin damage from summer sun
e Kelly Osbourne Cameos In Pharrell's 'Marilyn Monroe' Music Video
m What to do if you have the recalled diet drug alli
b Herbalife Ltd. (HLF) news: Shattering The Personal Consumption Myth 3.0
b BlackBerry Q4 Sales Sink to Sub-$1B
b Zebra Technologies sees Q1 results above view – Quick Facts
t Hmm. . .the new Twitter profile pages look awfully familiar. . . .
e Anti-Defamation League Blasts Gary Oldman's 'Prejudiced' Comments
b Are Western companies at risk of operating overseas?
b Geologists link small quakes to fracking in Ohio
t Dating site OKCupid discloses that it conducts psychological experiments on users
e Once Upon A Time In Wonderland Gets Cancelled
t YouTube Unveils 60 FPS Video
b SAC Capital Hedge Fund Manager Michael Steinberg Sentenced To 3.5 Years  ...
b Wal-Mart's online tool does price comparison
t Tesla Motors expects to boost 2015 output to more than 60000 cars
t ​Canadian arrested for hacking revenue agency using Heartbleed security bug
e Robert Pattinson "Homeless" Again After Parents "Borrowed" His House, Has  ...
b Standard & Poor's upgrades prospects for the UK economy
e Paramount Uses Burning NYC Building To Promote The Ninja Turtles
m Deadly MERS virus now in U.S., health officials say: first case has been reported  ...
m Study: Diabetes May Be Increasing, But Another Danger Is Decreasing
e Hugh Jackman treated for skin cancer again
e Oh Shiz!!! Justin Bieber Takes Selena Gomez's Former Friend Kendall Jenner  ...
e Cory Monteith's mother speaks of son's battle with addiction
e AMERICAN IDOL: RECAP FOR MARCH 12, 2014
m Colon cancer screening could save your life
b BNP Paribas suffers $5.8bn loss after record US fine
m Brisk walks ward off Alzheimer's
e Rumors That Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Have Already Married Aren't True
e Groundhog Day Goes Sci-Fi: Edge Of Tomorrow, Reviewed.
m Cobb Relay for Life will be May 2 to 3 at Miller Park
e Before Batman: Watch the 'Gotham' Teaser Trailer
e Proof: George Clooney's Taste in Engagement Rings is Flawless
m Girl shaves head for pal with cancer, gets suspended
e GWAR Frontman Oderus Urungus Found Dead at 50
t Tim Cook says Apple is 'closer than it's ever been' to new...
t Fossil's 21-foot wingspan shows Pelagornis was 'largest flying bird'
m US heroin users: typically white, suburban women
t Microsoft CEO won't sell Xbox business
t Microsoft unveils Nokia X2 for 99 euros
b Evening Standard Comment: Barclays cuts - a sign of the times for banks
e Beyoncé Sheds #Flawless Tears During Her Final Performance Of The Mrs  ...
e Montclair's Stephen Colbert to Replace Letterman as 'Late Show' Host
t Tech companies are liars: Samsung edition
b EBay reports Q1 loss on tax charge
m Today in the News: CDC says autism has risen 30 percent in two years
e DirecTV Close to Deal with Weather Channel--Update
e Ice bucket challenge highlights research's impact
b IRS warns of scam
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 to pack a pixel punch as QHD screen 'confirmed'
m Wednesday Is Augusta Autism Awareness Day, Mayor Proclaims
e 'Transformers 4: Age of Extinction': Where did critics get it wrong? It's your turn to  ...
t Game-Ception? Oculus Rift Title Lets You Play Virtual Game Boy
e MTV Movie Awards 2014: Red carpet fashion glamour as celebrities arrive at  ...
t (click the phrases to see a list)
e Jay Z and Beyoncé Knowles didn't attend Kanye West's wedding.
b Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac post profits driven by legal settlements
t Google Inc (GOOG) Shows Two-Seater Self-Driving Car Without Steering
b Lagarde's Waterloo
m Dr. Elliot Draluck, President of Help Your Diabetes - Announces First Quarter  ...
b Fed Could Deliver Stock-Friendly Statement Wednesday
b German manufacturing PMI rises less than forecast in June
t Apple and Samsung Negotiating Agreement to Settle Patent Disputes Out of Court
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Teaser Videos Arrive
t Five things to know about Google's self-driving cars
t Google seen debuting Android TV Wednesday
e You Say Potato Salad
m Planes Can Harbor Deadly Germs For 7 Days, Study Shows
e Report: Amazon Prime Instant Video Passes Apple, Hulu
e David Letterman Finally Gets to the Bottom of James Franco's Instagram Nonsense
e Rosie O'Donnell to 'The View;' Is MSNBC's Abby Huntsman Next?
b US Fed eyes October end of asset purchases
e Legendary pin-up photographer Bunny Yeager dies at 85
t Plea from the edge of the climate change abyss
e Lea Michele "cried hysterically" the first time she met Barbra Streisand
e David Chase finally reveals what happened to Tony Soprano
m Superbugs could 'cast world into Dark Ages'
t Intel, Google Push Chromebooks in Threat to Microsoft
e Police make statement on Louis Tomlinson & Zayn Malik & One Direction fans  ...
e Miley Cyrus sings to statue of late dog Floyd during 'Bangerz' tour stop at  ...
b Cyprus finance minister says 4th bailout assessment positive, economy to shrink  ...
t NSA Apparently Knew About Heartbleed Vulnerability For Years [Report]
e Bishop Gorman grad steals '22 Jump Street'
e 10 things to know for Friday
b Petrol price rise looms
e The Hands Full Of Glory
m Minnesota Issues Ban On Antibacterial Ingredient
t A new vulnerability has been found to affect all versions of Internet Explorer
t New Android 5.0 leak reveals potential new features
b Lawmakers have bigger tax woes than IRS workers
t [Update: Xbox Live Down] Titanfall Xbox Live Connection Issues Hurt Launch Day
t VIDEO: 'Burger King Baby' finds her mother
e It Looks Like Fans Are Going To Get The 'Community' Movie They've Always  ...
m Medicare Director Satisfied with Quality Measures
e Actually, the Latest Beyoncé “Scandal” Isn't a Scandal at All
t Jony Ive on the Steve Jobs to Tim Cook transition: "Honestly, I don't think  ...
b US law firm plans to sue Boeing, Malaysia Airlines over missing plane
b US official: China cited in cyber-espionage case
t Ford Motor Company recalls nearly 435000 vehicles
b Swiss central bank holds on to its currency floor
e Katie Cleary's husband dies of apparent suicide
m New FDA Guidelines to Lower Sodium
b IPO Preview: GoPro (GPRO)
t Report: Florida especially vulnerable if climate change unchecked
t U.N. says cut emissions now
e 'DWTS' Winners Maks And Meryl! Amazing Chemistry And Incredible Perfect  ...
e Screenshot Scandal: Terry Richardson Reportedly Offered Model Vogue  ...
b Barclays gets a US$44 million fine over gold fix
b US internet ad revenue overtakes broadcast TV
e Boston Reality Star Shot in Massachusetts During Mother's Funeral Procession
b FedEx Indicted for Shipping Illegal Pharmacies' Drugs
b US Charges Five in Chinese Army With Hacking -- 4th Update
b Jimmy Iovine, the man behind Beats Music
e Rolling Stones Relaunch "14 On Fire" Tour in Oslo, Norway
t Xbox One missing features will come to Australia, eventually
b EUR/JPY Fundamental Analysis May 1, 2014 Forecast
b Testing shows no MCHM in latest water overflow at Freedom Industries
t Pollution prompts Paris car ban
b Stocks decline as retailers disappoint
t This secret iOS 8 feature will make your lock screen more useful than ever
b Media coverage of crime in Denver after pot's legalization
t Amazon launch Fire smartphone with Dynamic Perspective
b Global Markets Look to Cap 1Q on a High Note
t Pint-sized tyrannosaur king of the Arctic
b GoPro Names Ex-Microsoft Executive Tony Bates as President
t Mozilla selects former marketing chief Chris Beard as interim CEO
t Samsung Unveils Its Flagship Tablet, The Galaxy Tab S
t Charter Asks Time Warner Cable Investors To Reject Comcast Acquisition
t Microsoft set to abandon Nokia's Android based smartphones
e 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' stars assemble in New York for premiere
e 'The Fault in Our Stars' opens Friday
m Soaring CO2 levels will reduce nutritional value in grains: study
b BNP Paribas Could Pay up to $9bn to Settle US Sanctions Probe
b WRAPUP 2-US consumer prices show inflation ticking up
e Farley Mowat - Author Farley Mowat Dead At 92
e Lena Dunham And "SNL" Perfectly Capture What It's Like To Watch "Scandal"
e Charlie Sheen offended with Rihanna's rejection to Meet His Girlfriend
t Australian Apple devices locked in suspected Apple ID hack
b BNP nears deal with US prosecutors over record fine
m Guinea hemorrhagic fever may have crossed into Sierra Leone
b Retailers lose fight over 'swipe fee' cap
t It Didn't Take Long For Another Automaker To Make Fun Of Cadillac's 'Poolside' Ad
b Wal-Mart's new tool gives competitors prices on 80000 food, household products
m Liberia's Ebola deathtoll rises to 66
t Samsung: Galaxy S3 Android 4.4 KitKat Update Now Confirmed?
b No vodka for US president Russia imposes sanctions
b Thanks to oil: these Texas areas are on the grow
m Cancer Stem Cells Linked to Drug Resistance
e First Trailer For St. Vincent
m Effects of childhood bullying still evident 40 years later, study says
t Climate inaction to be 'catastrophe'
e Dancing With the Stars 2014: Billy Dee Williams and Emma Slater's Week 2  ...
e Corporate capital, a new South by Southwest paradigm
t Samsung Galaxy S4 Active vs Samsung Galaxy S4 price, features, and specs  ...
t A Google Glass Upgrade Might Address Its Failings, But Lose The Faithful
b Colorado Gets $2 Million in First Month of New Pot Taxes
e Dozens of Teens Hospitalized After Avicii Concert
b Ladies' Home Journal ceasing subscription service
m Networks: Kathleen Sebelius Exits on a 'Relatively High Note,' 'Decision to  ...
e Column Mother's Day is the mother of all touchy holidays
t Microsoft and Nokia: 10 important strategies Redmond needs to implement
e 'Prime Music' brings Amazon a step closer to the center of your world
t California Senate Passes Smartphone Kill Switch Bill
t Facebook's WhatsApp deal approved by US despite privacy concerns
b Intel shares climb after profit beats estimates
t Good news at Sacramento gas pumps: price well below state average
t Microsoft's Cortana digital assistant is coming to China, UK, Canada, India and  ...
e Nebraska family and town depicted on the big screen in 'Heaven is for Real'
t AT&T, Cisco, GE, IBM And Intel Unveil The Industrial Internet Consortium
b Darden to Sell Red Lobster Chain to Golden Gate for $2.1 Billion
t Samsung testing Android 4.4.3 on Galaxy S5 and Galaxy S4
b Rates on hold ahead of Budget
e George Clooney - George Clooney Blasts Magnate Steve Wynn After Heated  ...
e Joan Rivers Criticizes Lena Dunham
e UK Socialite Peaches Geldof dies Age 25
b Amazon Offers Employees $5000 To Quit
t Watch the HTC One M8 get tortured in this knife and hammer test [VIDEO]
e Controversy Rocks St. Patrick's Day; Stooges Rocker Dead at 64
t Culture, Science & Faith The Climate Drum Beat of Doom
m One in 68 American children is diagnosed with autism. It's probably too many
e Hayden Panettiere Shows Off Baby Bump on the 2014 Emmys Red Carpet  ...
b Meet the marijuana mavens, the women of pot
t How to Check If Your Android Device Could Be Hacked via Heartbleed
t Microsoft: Shipped Over 5 Mln Xbox One, 'Titanfall' Top-selling Game In March
e Easter Sunday Services
e Easter VBS' at Wellsburg church
e US Airways tweets photo of a model Boeing 777 in a woman's vagina
b 'It can't go on like this' - taxis in Uber protest
e Pink Floyd Releasing First New Album In 20 Years
t Travel in time on new Google maps
e SiriusXM Fires 'Opie and Anthony' Host After Racist Tirade
b Silicon Valley venture capitalist Tim Draper makes big bet on bitcoins in  ...
t Google, Facebook, Netflix Make Their Official Case for Net Neutrality
e Jay-Z's 'Made in America' festival coming to downtown Los Angeles over Labor  ...
t End Of An Era at MSFT: Windows XP Is Put Out to Pasture
m WHO calls Emergency Sub-regional Ministerial Meeting on Ebola Virus in Accra‏
e And the first evicted contestant from 'Big Brother' is...
b Alt-Energy Shines On Emerging Market Demand
e 2014 Kids' Choice awards: Kaley Cuoco-Sweeting, Pharrell among those slimed
b Spanish Bonds Advance With Italy's on Draghi's Low Rates Stance
t Apple demands over US$2 billion from Samsung for patent infringement
t Facebook to Show Ads Based on Users' Browsing Habits
m Minister: Lebanon hospitals prepared for MERS
e Probe launched into Harrison Ford injury on 'Star Wars' set
e 'Saturday Night Live' review: Jay-Z, Bill Hader, St. Vincent, Michael Sam, Hugs  ...
b AP Essay: When disasters don't stick to script, world struggles to give shape to  ...
e Paul Stanley refused to be a part of KISS pal's reality show
b Rajeev Suri's name as a new CEO for Nokia
e Film Review: 'The Other Woman' provides some laughs
t General Motors Failed Twice to Fix Defect
e Dressed to shock: Kendall Jenner @ MuchMusic Awards
b How will new Medicare Advantage rates affect consumers?
b Amazon Escalates Standoff with Publisher Hachett
e 'Star Wars: Episode VII' Has Started Filming In Abu Dhabi And J.J. Abrams Has  ...
t eBay Data Breach Exposes 145 Million User Records
e 'Star Wars: Episode VII' goes retro with cast
t Facebook apologises over psychological experiments
t Google launches Dedicated Analytics app for iPhone
t Heartbleed: Canada's tax agency expects online services up again soon
e People Magazine's 10 most beautiful women
e 'American Idol' 2014: Shelby Miller recaps Top 11, 'Songs from the Cinema'
e Noah Review
t Google Drive and Hangouts affected by widespread outage
t Sony's entertainment network forced offline by DDoS attack, possibly by ISIS  ...
t Antarctic Ice Melt Rate Has Doubled Since 2010, Study Finds
m NC's First Case Chikungunya Confirmed in Resident Who Recently Travelled To  ...
t Apple-Google in patent war truce
b GM names engineer to spearhead safety issues
e Steven Spielberg's Cold War Thriller And Adaptation Of Roald Dahl's 'The BFG  ...
b 'Obamacare' Website Stalls for 6 Hours on Deadline Day
t 3 Things Every Investor Should Watch for in Tesla's Earnings
m Conn. exchange chief to tun Healthcare.gov
t Will Comcast Abandon ARRIS Group for Apple?
t Attackers Who Downed PlayStation Servers for Hours Still Unknown
e Zac Efron Broke His Hand Grabbing Dave Franco's Balls
b Fox's $80bn bid puts Time Warner in play
e Robin Thicke to name upcoming album 'Paula' after estranged wife Paula Patton
e Hey TV.com, Should I Watch Damon Lindelof's Kinda-sad The Leftovers?
b Mt Gox finds 200000 bitcoins previously thought stolen
b Emirates chief asks why no fighter jet intercepted missing flight MH370
t HTC One M8 first impressions Powerful specifications may take company to new  ...
t Iliad of France makes surprise bid for T-Mobile US - WBOC-TV 16, Delmarvas  ...
m New research outlines the benefits of running, even just for a few minutes
t Aereo CEO Speaks Out About The Devastating Supreme Court Ruling: 'Our  ...
e First Looks At Amazing Spider-Man's Sinister Six! Plus Gotham Details!
b Wall Street upbeat on the back of Yellen's comments
t GM recalls 512000 Camaros for ignition switch problem
e Captain America, McCarthyite
e The Bachelorette Live Recap: Week 8 - Andi Dorfman's Hometown Dates
m Could the Ebola outbreak come to the US?
e Michael Jackson Passed Away Five Years Ago Today, And We Miss The King
m Omega-3 Supplements Do Little To Protect You From Heart Diseases, Study
b Search zone shifts 1100km northeast
t Los Angeles and California's Central Valley – The Cities with Worst Air Pollution!
e Investors monitor Iraq turmoil, await the Fed
t Apple launches beta sign-ups for OS X Seed Program
e Chinese 'Chicken Cup' Smashes Auction Record
b Sycamore caps a busy week with a play for Express
b Major Averages Moving To The Upside, S&P 500 Reaches New Record High
b Will the White House Crack Down on Gas Emissions?
e Dina Lohan Sentenced To 100 Hours Community Service
b 100 years later, growth of 1040 has matched growth of our government
b Lime Shortage Causes Airlines to Drop Fruit from Beverage Service
b US announces win in WTO case over Chinese duty on cars
e What did Lady Gaga wear for her birthday bash?
b Steinberg, Ex SAC Capital Trader is sentenced with 3 ½ years
e Vergara 'dating Manganiello'
t Facebook experiment draws UK legal probe
e Shailene Woodley Cozies Up Next To Theo James At A Private Divergent  ...
b Asia stocks muted by China tensions, Europe gains - Business, Government  ...
b World markets rise on Fed rate plans
t BlackBerry launches secure messaging app in eBBM suite
e Legendary Actor Lord Richard Attenborough Dies At 90
b Oil down a second week as Iraq fear premium fades
e Kristen Bell, Jenna Dewan Tatum go naked in Allure [PHOTOS]
t Chromecast - a TV game changer?
t Supermoon to shine bright this weekend
b McDonald's CEO: Fast food leads to 'real careers' - WNCN: News, Weather
t Spotted at the Easter Jeep Safari: European Jeep Wrangler Diesel caught  ...
m Obese Teens With High-Salt Diet More Likely To Experience Fast Cell Aging
m Saturated fats not so bad for heart after all?
b Dollar Stores Joining Forces
e Shailene Woodley Says Jennifer Lawrence Convinced Her To Star In “Divergent”
e Rapper, Reality TV Star Shot During His Mother's Funeral
e Taylor Swift Surprises Fan by Attending Her Bridal Shower
b Best Buy Co (BBY) Posts Quarterly Results
m Whole Foods recall canceled
b US diplomacy ensnared in combat with Russia
m American missionaries infected with Ebola to be brought home
b LinkedIn membership touches 300 million; over half outside US
e Snowmobile season continues, bike path closed
b La Quinta's IPO Priced Below Expectations
t PCs running on XP 'vulnerable to viruses'
t Windows 8.1 problems: How to fix them
e CMU Computer Club Discovers Digital Works By Andy Warhol
e Supreme Court to hear TV-over-Internet case
m School Waivers From New Nutrition Standards Could Become Bridge to 2015
b Amazon Will Have 10000 Robots Filling Customer Orders By The End Of The Year
b Great July Sales for Big Three Automakers
e Michael Jackson joins posthumous hit parade
e Rolf Harris starred in anti-pedophile video
e Kiefer Sutherland's Rep Addresses Freddie Prinze Jr.'s Comments
b Gold Rebounds Slightly From Recent Declines
t BlackBerry Reports Higher Q4 Losses
e Terry Richardson denies new sex allegations, Vogue US refuses to work with  ...
b Canadian Dollar Rises Ahead Of Inflation Data
b UK Market Comments
t Rover Opportunity Celebrates Mars Spring Power Boost
m Feds Pick Access Health CT CEO To Run HealthCare.Gov
e Bad Neighbours: Why did no-one tell Seth Rogen the dress code?
t AAA predicts modest holiday travel increase
b Home Depot Q1 Profit Climbs; Lifts FY14 EPS View - Quick Facts
e Keeping up Appearances: Gwyneth Paltrow 'Wanted Marriage Split to Remain a  ...
e 'Game of Thrones' draws 7.1m viewers for blood-filled finale
b Fed Bars Shareholder Payouts From Citi, Four Others
t Microsoft acquisition of Nokia's mobile business to be finalized on April 25
t OnePlus One 64GB production fast-tracked, 16GB model delayed
b Target CEO steps down in wake of massive data breach
m BMS and Incyte to Evaluate Combination Regimen of Two Novel Immunotherapies
b Yahoo says workforce 37% female in first diversity report
m Nestle Ice Creams Recall Over Incorrect Label
m Ebola hemorrhagic fever death toll reaches 70
b Oil slips as Libyan deal eases supply worries
e Video of former Las Vegas sports anchor goes viral
e North Korea calls new Seth Rogen film an 'act of war,' threatens 'merciless  ...
t Shipwreck Found Under World Trade Center Traced Back To Colonial Era  ...
m FDA Advisory Committee Unanimously Recommends Approval of Cubist's  ...
t Flappy Bird enhanced version to fly again
t Amazon Fire Phone 'Dynamic Perspective' 3D Technology Confirmed
b US to treat Bitcoin as a commodity and tax it accordingly; Should India follow suit?
t Marquez untouchable on Friday in Texas
t Scientists Sound the Alarm on Global Warming, But Americans Sleep In
b Why Target Shares Fell Rather Than Rose on CEO Firing
b AT&T in talks to buy DirecTV for nearly $50 billion
m Progress in diagnosing multidrug-resistant tuberculosis
t F-150 tops shrinking list of most American vehicles
e Ryan Gosling And Eva Mendes May Be Having A Baby And The World Is An  ...
e Bloomberg at 9/11 memorial: We saw kindness on a colossal scale
b UK plans new one-pound coin
b Blow to Airbus and GKN as Emirates cancels order for 70 aircraft
e 'The Bachelorette' 2014 Marcus Grodd Date Recap: Andi's Mom? "She's nicer  ...
t Google's 'Project Tango' Will Versatile Uses
b Planes Nearly Collided in Newark Near-Miss: Investigators
t Climate change interest “short-lived'
e Lea Michele denies pregnancy; says Twitter account was hacked
e Justin Bieber films Tom Hanks getting down on the dance floor to Montell  ...
b Forget eBay, It's All About Amazon
e 'Game Of Thrones' Season 4 Spoilers: Evolution of Arya Stark Reveals A Dark  ...
b Mall pizza chain Sbarro's files for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, again
t Facebook dons lab coat and experiments on users
e Oh the stories on Kelly Osbourne's head
m Teens are getting high off chap stick?
b Unemployment rate rises to 6.2%
b Most Puerto Rico Electric Debt Lacks Lifeline for Investors
b Equipment for black box search arrives in Perth
e Beyonce 'Did Not Want To Talk To Kim': Inside Her AWKWARD Run-In With  ...
t What Kindle Unlimited Means For Authors
e What Ben Affleck's Black Jack Ban Should Mean for a Second Philly Casino
t GM once again suspends sales of the Chevrolet Cruze
t Western Antarctic ice sheet starting to melt away
b Alibaba files for public listing in US
e Foreign tourists flock to Tel Aviv for Gay Pride parade
e LiLo sues gamemaker
b Cameron denies Pfizer talks claim
e 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' official trailer released: Watch the video!
t Facebook Nearby Friends Feature Introduced
e Aprahamian nominated for Best Chef Midwest in Beard Awards
e Human Barbie Valeria Lukyanova's Bizarre Selfie Video Is Truly A Spectacle To  ...
b Rain contributed to Friday's chemical spill at Freedom Industries
b Three Charged Over Turkey Mining Disaster
b Time: Russia's blockbuster gas deal makes it look weak
t iPhone 6 phablet expected to steal tons of business from Android
m Med students meet their match - letters reveal where they will spend their  ...
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S hands-on (video)
m Cervical cancer rates underestimated
m Is organic food healthier? A new analysis adds ... a question mark
t Stargazers across Derbyshire hope for clear skies ahead of meteor shower
e 'Veronica Mars': Rob Thomas discusses sequels, cameos and the fans
t Four-Eyed Daddy Longlegs Fossil Shows Arachnid had Extra Set of Eyes
t The Nation's T. Rex Invades the Smithsonian
m Maine Below National Average in Medicare Expenditures
e Artist Regrows Vincent van Gogh's Ear Using Living Cells And A 3D Printer
t Google pushing Android 4.4.4 to Nexus devices
e The Walking Dead Finale: No More Mr. Nice Guy
b Evacuations After Violent Anti-China Protests
e Meet the 'Star Wars: Episode VII' Male Lead Hopefuls & Vote for Your Favorite!
e Robin Thicke Hoping To 'Woo' Paula Patton At The Billboard Awards!
e WATCH: Zach Braff Grows Up in 'Wish I Was Here'
t Reporter Gets Google Glass Snatched From His Face
m CMS to Begin Disclosing Medicare Procedure Data Publicly
e Ryan Gosling's directorial debut booed at Cannes
e Marvel's First Black Captain America
t Amazon Fire Phone: Let's go shopping
e Kanye West Goes Crazy at Bonnaroo, Claims He's 'Going After Walt Disney  ...
e Kim Kardashian Wears a Bikini with North West in #TBT Photos
t Dangerous botnet 'will bounce back', warns expert
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West 'ban' guests from tweeting during their wedding
e 'X-Men' overpowers 'Godzilla' at weekend box office 0
b Crumbs Bakery Abruptly Closes All Locations
b Fuel shortages dog Africa's biggest oil producer
m Electrical device helps paralyzed move legs
e George Clooney Slams The Daily Mail As Irresponsible
t NASA controllers crash robotic spacecraft into the moon
e Cory and Topanga are Back in the First Teaser for Girl Meets World
e The Spunky Kitchen: Here's the right way to make an authentic Mexican taco and  ...
t Obama Applauds Passage of Unlocking Bill
t Oculus Rift Selling "Just Fine" After Facebook Buyout, Claims Company
t Inflation of Early Cosmos Explains the Big Bang and Birth of the Young Universe
e Watch Lily Allen Blast Bloggers with 'URL Badman' Video
b Citi near deal on fine for subprime bonds
t GCHQ helped NSA generate automated hacks
b Applications For Jobless Benefits Rise
e Emmy Awards fashion: Bold reds, blues dominate red carpet
t Three Supermoons to Occur This Summer Starting July 12 (VIDEO)
b Penny Stocks on the Run: Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp (FMCC  ...
b Gov't warns stay suspension 'makes impossible debt swap payment in New York'
e Selena Gomez seen hanging out at Niall Horan's London home in new pic?
e Damn. This was good…
b BoE Carney's testimony: Interest rate increases will be limited, gradual
t Iowa church's 'cross' is latest attempt at stealth cellphone towers
b Twitter Revenue Up 119 Percent Year-Over-Year But Q1 Loss Of $132 million
t Android 4.4.3, KitKat Update Release Date for Samsung Galaxy S5, Galaxy S4  ...
b Mylan Comments on US Supreme Court's Consideration of the Standard of  ...
t Teradata QueryGrid: Beyond Enterprise Data Warehouse
t John McAfee launches Chadder, encrypted messaging app
e Efron 'sneaks kiss' with Rodriguez
e Andrew Garfield - Andrew Garfield: I was bullied at school
e Pete Tong leads tributes to Frankie Knuckles
e Michelle Obama, Kellie Pickler To Guest Star On 'Nashville'
e Miley Cyrus hospitalized after severe allergic reaction in Kansas City
e Peaches Geldof's Heartbreaking Final Interview: I Am Not Going To Let My  ...
t Samsung Gear 2 Review, Offers More Than First-Gen Gear But Not For Everyone
e Andrew Lloyd Webber and Rapping Street Cat – CATS!
t French Telecom Offers T-Mobile $15 Billion for Control of Company
e Report: Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Getting Married in Los Angeles This  ...
e Iconic Playwright Claims Barbra Streisand Finds Gay Sex 'Distasteful'
b Gold Falls Before FOMC As Taper Set to Continue
e Bachelor Juan Pablo 2014 Spoilers: Proposal On After The Final Rose?
b Flight crew, controls faulted in Asiana crash
e 'Captain America 3' to film in Cleveland?
m Map: The world's nations, ranked by drunkenness
t Biologists Warn Emperor Penguins Are Endangered
e No Dead Weight: "Neighbors" Director Nicholas Stoller On How to Direct a  ...
t The 4 major threats to an open Internet in 2025, according to the experts
t iOS 8 and Yosemite Will Have Video Recording Straight to Mac - Did Apple Just  ...
t Christian Aid: Time to get serious about climate change
b FX: Top 10 Takeaways from July FOMC Announcement
e CNN EXCLUSIVE: Conrad Murray: "I'm remorseful"
t Amateur radio ops to display skills
e Macklemore Denies Perpetuating Jewish Stereotypes With Concert Costume
b Pure Storage Raises $225 Million at a $3 Billion Valuation
e Review: Berry as a pregnant astronaut on 'Extant' (w/video)
m Major New Study Finds Kids Raised By Same-Sex Couples Are 'Healthier And  ...
b Stocks trade mixed; Dow rises while tech skids
t New Horizons spacecraft to probe Pluto moon Charon for ancient underground  ...
b What austerity drive? Wealthy Chinese undeterred as they flock to lavish auto  ...
t T-Mobile Targeted For 'Bogus' Charges
e Amanda Bynes' Mom Covering for Her Schizophrenia Diagnosis?
b Bank of America reports first quarterly loss since 2011
t Amazon Launches 'Netflix-for-Books'
t Astronomers discover mini-Jupiters, mega-Earths in distant star systems
t NASA discovers most earth-like planet yet
e Superstar couple Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban make a splash on the  ...
b Glencore Xstrata buys Canadian oil exploration firm for $1.47B
m 1 in 8 US kids experience maltreatment, study finds
b Deutsche Bank Said to Sell About $4 Billion of Capital Notes
b Chicago mayor makes pension proposal
b Gallup survey: Obama's health coverage expansion gaining momentum
t Supersonic Submarine Can Travel At Unthinkable Speeds!
e How Was the 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier' Ending Conceived?
e Sawyer leaving ABC; Muir to become anchor
t On 'Cosmos,' Patrick Stewart lends voice to Uranus discoverer
e Britney Spears sued for breaking dancer's nose during rehearsal
t Life on Mars? How Else to Explain This Mars Rover Picture?
e James is no fan of Woodley's meals
b 2 more recalls push GM total to 4.8M in a month - WBOC-TV 16, Delmarvas  ...
t Nearly Half Of Twitter Accounts Are Fake Or Just Don't Tweet
e Birthday Girl Khloé Kardashian Had Some Very Interesting Things To Say About  ...
m Health Ministry Wants US$14 Million
e 'The Voice': What We Learned From Top 8 Eliminations
m Federal Appeals Court rules ProMedica must give up St. Luke's Hospital
b Greenpeace Protesters Board Statoil's Arctic Drilling Rig
b GM's 2014 Recall Tally Tops 20 Million As Ignition-Switch Recall Doubles
m Legacy Statement: High School Boys Now Smoke Cigarettes And Cigars At  ...
b Proposed Changes To Clean Water Act
e New Michael Jackson album to be released in May, with 8 unreleased tracks
e Jay Z makes light of row with Solange during awards performance
t Google Glass Gets Android 4.4 Kitkat and New Features, Samsung Patents  ...
e Comedian John Pinette found dead in hotel room at the age of 50
m Seychelles withdraw from Afcon
t Rubik's Cube Puzzle Turns 40
t Saving supposedly temporary photos on Snapchat was a snap, feds allege
m Smoking bans cut asthma attacks and premature births by 10 percent, study says
e 'Fifty Shades Of Grey' Trailer Is Most Viewed Of 2014
t What to do when your car is on a recall list
t Microsoft to offer $100 incentive for XP users to move to Windows 8.1
b Chrysler loses $690 million in first quarter
b EU court dismisses Britain's challenge to financial services tax
e 'Blended': Comedy mix goes flat with Adam Sandler
b MtGox Finds 200000 Lost Bitcoins, Updates Software Vulnerabilities
e Second Child of Kristen Bell and Dax Shepherd is on its way!
e Lindsay Lohan's Latest "Last Chance" -- Will It Stick?...
b West put pressure on countries ahead of UN General Assembly's Ukraine vote  ...
e California massacre: Hollywood director's son murders 6 before killing himself
t Finally, Google and Apple drop their lawsuits . . . now it's over to Samsung
b Amazon's Android App Store Will Come To BlackBerry With 10.3 OS Launch
e Bobby Womack Tribute 1944-2014 [Video]
b Class of 2014 Graduates with Highest Student Loan Debt Ever Recorded
m Mental disorder not a factor in Pistorius shooting
e True Blood Recap: The Town That Feared Sundown
e Boston dance concert attendees hospitalized with minor symptoms
b Amazon releases Fire smartphone
e WATCH: Miley Cyrus Goes Braless For Dance Routines With Little Sister Noah
m Federal, state health officials set to give update about 1st US MERS virus case in  ...
t Android TV To Refine OS For Big Screen Use
m Beaumont Hospital giving free cancer screenings; checking for melanoma
e Ryan tried to kicked off Rachel from movie “The Notebook”
t T-Mobile Lumia 635 available for pre-order again on Microsoft Store site
b LinkedIn Beats On Earnings, Stock Soars
t Mobile devices uninteresting without cloud: Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella
b IMF chief under investigation
t Smartphone 'kill switch' bill advances in California
t Tesla Motors Inc Plans Manufacturing Plant In Europe [REPORT]
t Steve Jobs quote app rejected by Apple, report says
b Yahoo! is Undervalued, Says Marissa Mayer
m Baby Born to Mother in a Coma
e TCA nominations: 'True Detective' starts awards season fight
e The well-meaning Tammy plays against Melissa McCarthy's comedic strengths
b Colorado Recreational Weed Sales Top $14 Million In First Month
b U.S. futures slip lower as sentiment wanes; Dow Jones down 0.32%
m Aussie study finds kids of same-sex parents live in harmonious households
b Tokyo stocks open slightly higher on improving outlook in BOJ's Tankan survey
t Watch Dogs can't quite hack the hype: game review
t HTC Flagships Will Get Android L 90 Days After Release
b Hong Kong stocks close flat
t Google Fit Announced to Compete with Apple's Healthkit!
t Google Inc (GOOG) reportedly to launch health data platform called 'Google Fit'
e She put a ring on it: Johnny Depp confirms engagement
m US Hepatitis C Health Insurers State Lash Out at the High Cost of Sovaldi
e The Michael Jackson 'Experience' to premiere at Billboard Music Awards
e Hello Kitty Isn't Actually A Cat, Creator Sanrio Reveals
t Search for Bigfoot DNA turns up empty-handed
e Duck Dynasty's Jase Robertson Dishes On His Faith
m Hospital infections decline: 1 out 25 patients still affected
e Star Wars episode VII: Harrison Ford hospitalized after on-set accident
e Mystery: How Did Ashton Kutcher and Mila Kunis Get Pregnant?
e Update: Star Wars actor Harrison Ford taken to John Radcliffe hospital after  ...
m Redditors answer grieving dad's ask to Photoshop baby's picture
t How To Install Android 4.4.2 KitKat (XXUFNC4) On Samsung Galaxy S4 LTE  ...
t What iOS 8, OS X Yosemite, and iCloud Drive will mean in the enterprise
e Lupita Nyong'o named 'Most Beautiful' by People magazine
t Welcome to the Huawei Ascend P7
e Game Of Thrones Power Rankings: The Children
b Small-Cap Stocks: What Should You Make of the Sell-off?
t LG G Watch and Samsung Gear Live teardowns
b Goldman Sees 24% China Stocks Rally on Decade-Low Valuations (1)
b Zebra to Acquire Motorola Solutions' Enterprise Company
b Hackers Claim Mt. Gox Sat on 'Stolen' Bitcoin
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Zoom official specs mapped out in Antutu benchmark
e Live productions celebrate Easter holiday
m Study: Most Health Info on Wikipedia Inaccurate
e High-five! Redditor totally predicted the HIMYM finale
m Suspected Measles Cases in Knox County Prompt Vaccination Clinic
e Mila Kunis Reveals No. 1 Pregnancy Craving, Says It 'Smells So Bad'!
m Schumacher's medical notes stolen and touted for sale
b Stocks: 4 things to know before the open
e Avril Lavigne 'Hello Kitty' Video Is An Embarrassment In Any Language
t Buzz Aldrin: Next stop, Mars
t Gas prices still rising
b Amazon Paying Disgruntled Employees to Leave
b Kroger (KR)/ Vitacost (VITC) Deal Called 'Smart' at Deutsche Bank
e Amazon Launches Streaming Music Service; Spotify and Beats Shrug
b Mystery Twitter user is hiding money all around San Francisco
e Girl Meets World spinoff gets a teaser trailer ahead of premiere
t Samsung's galaxy S5 to cost Rs 51500
t US warns of wide climate impact
t Sorry, That 'Bigfoot DNA' Came from a Raccoon
m Livingston County's health ranks high statewide
t Facebook's Internet.org App Brings Free Internet to the Under-Connected
t Mario Kart Wii voted best Mario Kart game
e Does Led Zeppelin owe Spirit a songwriting credit for 'Stairway to Heaven'?
t New Rumours About iPhone 6 Battery Life
b 'Modi wave lifted service sector growth to 17-month high in June'
m AIDS can be brought under control by 2030: UNAIDS
b US stocks lower, GoPro soars
m Philly has most doctors, worst health, in Pa., survey says
b Bank Dividends Could Rise 10%
m Fist Bumps Are Cleaner Than Handshakes
e How Old Is Game of Thrones Star Peter Dinklage?
t Salamanders Shrinking Because Of Climate Change
e Reality show has women competing for 'Prince Harry'
t Bum parachute mars NASA 'saucer' test flight
b GSM's Pick, Preview and Potential for Each Match
e The F Word: Fraternity
e Gwyneth Paltrow & Chris Martin Through The Years: A Requiem For Love  ...
t Sony's white-knuckled weekend
b 1.2 million cases of cottage cheese recalled
b The Real Reason Taco Bell Made the Waffle Taco
e Prince George Appears To Only Have One Pair Of Shoes - What Is Kate  ...
t Tesla's entry-level electric car gets a name: Model III
m People with longevity gene variant Are Smarter than Their Friends and Relatives  ...
t NASA rehearses for Mars
e Heidi Klum Sexifies The ALS Ice Bucket Challenge On America's Got Talent  ...
e Lena Dunham Offers 'SNL' Cast Sex Advice During Opening Monologue
b Japan relaxes arms export regime
t Schumer to feds: Prevent used-car dealers from selling recalled vehicles
b Federal Trade Commission Launches Civil Probe Into Herbalife
e Miley Cyrus Tour Hits NOLA
t Xbox One to launch in China on September 23 for $600
t Internet Freedom Coalition: Net Neutrality Protects Innovation
b ND Produces 1 Million Barrels a Day
e Justin Bieber cleared in Los Angeles attempted robbery case
e Schumer Calls for Tighter Trucking Regulations
b China Stocks Likely To Be Rangebound
e Michael Starr
t Heartbleed Internet Security Flaw Used In Attack
t FixYa releases the top five technical problems for the Wii U, PS4 and Xbox One
t Google Glass on sale outside US for the first time
t Google transparency report shows increase in requests
e Miley Cyrus' Bangerz Tour Hits London: Fun For All Or A Twerk Too Far?
t Another case between Apple-Samsung heads to court
t Halo 5: Guardians Announced, Coming in 2015
m 73 Deaths Linked to Ebola Virus
t Apple launches iOS 8 at WWDC
m DR Congo Confirms 2 Cases Of Ebola
t Project Morpheus vs. Oculus Rift: VR gaming gets very real at E3 2014
t Office for Apple Inc. (AAPL) iPad Is 'Positive' Move: Analyst
b Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Revenue Beat Shows Strength In Retail
m Gilead to license hepatitis C drug to Indian firms
t Chrysler Brand May 2013 Car Sales
e “Godzilla” Has A Smash Opening Weekend
e Michael Strahan to join 'Good Morning America' team
e Taylor Swift: Music's Biggest Money Maker!
e Home > Jessica Simpson > Jessica Simpson's Parents Arguing Over Wedding?
m Drugmakers seek permission to sell Cialis over-the-counter
t Scientists find evidence of first tremors of the Big Bang
m U.S. patient with MERS virus is on the mend
b Apple earnings lead US stocks higher
e Walker's brothers help complete filming on Fast & Furious 7
t Facebook rumoured to be challenging Snapchat with short video message app
t Nintendo to launch new consoles in emerging markets
b China trade surplus rises to $US18.45bn
b How do we solve the tourism puzzle?
e Harmony Korine Is Writing A Gangster Pic Which May Star Robert Pattinson
m Jenny McCarthy Slammed On Twitter For Anti-Vaccination Views
m Giving blood to save mothers
b Saft on Wealth: Crumbs Today, Jam Tomorrow?
e Gwyneth Paltrow, Chris Martin announce separation
t This is cool! Watch a realistic virtual universe unfold
b Travel website Priceline buying OpenTable for $2.6 billion
e 'The Bachelorette' star Andi Dorfman addresses reports she's pregnant with  ...
b Midday Market Stats: Dow Jones Industrial Average Sinks as Crude Skyrockets
e Taoiseach: 'I hope the two axed Garth Brooks Croke Park concerts can be saved'
b Hewlett-Packard reportedly nearing deal in suit over Autonomy
b Home prices dip, sales of new homes fall but consumer confidence rebounds
e Justin Bieber apologizes for joke with racial slur on video
t Google 'planning tablet that can capture 3D images'
e Samuel L Jackson: In the Nick of time
b Japan risks public outcry as it brings back nuclear power
e Turkish director's Cannes triumph feted back home
b RBA keeps rates on hold again
e Watch: WWE Hall of Famer Pat Patterson Comes Out as Gay on 'Legend's  ...
t WHO names and shames UK cities breaching safe air pollution levels
b Pound edges down as speculation mounts about weakening rally
t Apple awarded $119M, but who's winning the fight? - WBOC-TV 16, Delmarvas  ...
t AT&T Threatening To Boycott Wireless Spectrum Auction
e 3 arrested outside Taylor Swift's home
e Best toke ever: Zayn Malik, Louis Tomlinson share a joint as they leave Peru
e Kate Hudson Wows In Strapless Cutout Dress At Film Premiere
t Whistleblower Snowden Brings Message to SXSW
b UK to outperform other big economies with 2.9% growth, IMF predicts
e 'Game of Thrones' Season 4: New photos feature Arya, Jon Snow, dragons
e Stripes draw the line at Milan menswear shows
t Documents show GM delayed another recall for years
e Coming in 2016: 'Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice'
e 'An Unmarried Woman' writer-director Paul Mazursky dies
b Walt Disney's profit rises 27 percent on strength of 'Frozen' movie franchise
e The Daily Dish
e J.J. Abrams posts message for 'Star Wars' cast
b European Inflation Lows to Spark Concern
m WHO says Guinea Ebola outbreak small as MSF slams international response
t Heartbleed hacks hit parenting website Mumsnet and Canada's tax agency
e 'Cupcake Katy' joins national collection
e These 2 Actors to Play 'Frozen's' Anna and Kristoff on 'Once Upon a Time'
e Johnny Depp Off The Hook in Bizarre Limo Murder Case
b The search, ID method for debris from Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370
t Dropbox's New Carousel App Is Designed To Organize Your Photos And Videos
e Caleb Johnson American Idol “Undo It” Video 4/23/14 #IdolTop6
b Drone nearly collided with airplane - CBS 3 Springfield - WSHM
b Obama administration lists lesser prairie chicken as threatened species; 5 states  ...
t Evidence spotted for universe's early growth spurt - 8 Hours Ago
m E-cigarettes not helping smokers quit
e Miley Cyrus's Bangerz tour bus carrying mum, sister and entourage burns down  ...
m Mammography's limits becoming clear
e 'Once Upon a Time' Season 4 Teaser Introduces 'Frozen' Character
t T-Mobile swings to Q2 profit, adds 1.5 million net customers
b Citi to pay $7b to resolve US probe
e 'Dancing With the Stars' Results: Candace Cameron Bure Gives Thanks for  ...
b Billionaire media mogul says he has untreatable cancer
e Game Of Thrones season 4 episode 3 review: Breaker Of Chains
b So You Want To Evade Your Country's Twitter Ban? A Workaround
t Atari Urban Legend Proved True
e Chris Harrison: Nick Will Challenge Andi, Josh Is Her “Comfort Zone”
t Facebook Floundering? 1 Billion Monthly Mobile Users Would Argue Otherwise
t FCC Proposing Pay-for-Priority Net Standards
t Samsung resumes settlement talks with Apple
b How can I spot a fake £1 coin?
m Ebola outbreak: US victim is 'fighting through it', says son
t Google readies automated tool for those wanting to disappear from search results
m Paraplegic man in mind-controlled robotic suit kicks off World Cup 2014 (VIDEO)
b Long-term jobless face a dark future in US: study
m Blood Test Predicts Alzheimer?s
m For most people, taking aspirin to prevent heart attacks is not a good idea
t Banks to be hit with Microsoft costs for running outdated ATMs
m Serious Allergic Reactions Can Be Triggered By Acne Medication: FDA
e Watch Weird Al Spoof Pharrell With Star-Studded 'Tacky' Video
b Florida unemployment at a steady point
e Vivienne Jolie-Pitt Makes Big Screen Debut in 'Maleficent'
e Lindsay Lohan Had A Miscarriage: 6 Things You Need To Know About The  ...
t Samsung 1Q profit beats estimates
e Anne Hathaway, Kristen Stewart Wear Drag For Jenny Lewis' Music Video
m Report identifies mental health challenges in Fairfield County
e Khloe Kardashian Celebrates Her 30th Birthday with a Yacht Party (PHOTOS)
t Android L Keyboard and Notification system now works on almost any Android  ...
e 24 Bands Everyone Will Be Talking About After SXSW 2014
t Indian Americans Place 8th and 10th in Intel Science Contest
t Musk opening up all Tesla patents to expand electric car market
b 'Candy Crush' maker King Digital sees up to $7.6 billion IPO valuation
e Pharrell Williams Happy: A Musician And A Businessman.
b Pay gap at White House clouds Democratic message
e Johnny Depp Amber Heard Engagement Ring PHOTOS: Engaged Actor Wears  ...
e Meaning of Easter lost in advertiser's message
e Shia LaBeouf makes a public mess, ends up in handcuffs
e The 7 Songs Jay Z and Beyoncé Must Perform on Tour
e Miley Cyrus Mimics Justin Bieber With Twerking “Boyfriend” Clip (VIDEO)
m 2 Your Health: Cutting Diet Soda May Not Trigger Weight Loss, Says Study
m Raccoon eats baby's face; now 11, she gets new ear
e Chris Brown's Bodyguard Found Guilty Of Assault For Washington DC Hate  ...
e Martin dismisses Father of the Bride 3 rumours
m Up to 5000 Exposed to Hepatitis at Missouri Red Robin
t Vertu Signature Touch features 4.7-inch 1080p display, Android 4.4 and $11300  ...
b THE NEWS WRAP: Twitter quarterly results confound analysts' expectations
e Israel PM slates Kansas 'hate' shooting
t New IPCC Report: The Planet Is Warming, and We Must Take Action. Now.
e Alicia Keys Pregnant with Baby Number Two
e Thanks, Casey: How Kasem, 'America's Top 40' Changed Pop Culture
b 'Marx 2.0' debunks economic ideas in book
t Respiratory ailments spiral in Delhi
t Now you can test beta versions of Apple's OS X for free, without a developer  ...
m Experts concerned about dangerous mosquito-borne virus
t Facebook rolls out location-sharing feature Nearby Friends in US
t Microsoft Closes $7.2 Billion Nokia Purchase, So Now What?
e Ultimate Warrior's Life and Times in the WWE Celebrated in Raw Tribute Video
e REFILE-Sue Townsend, British author of "Adrian Mole" books, dies
e Lana Del Rey and Barrie-James O'Neill
t World's Most Advanced Aerial Surveillance Drone: Parrot AR Drone Controlled  ...
t Tuesday At The NAB Show: It's FCC Day
t The Pipeline: Facebook's start to an Internet for everybody, Apple wields ax at  ...
b 'Numsa, employers not far apart'
t US takes out computer malware that stole millions
b North Carolina Had More Job Losses Than Any Other State
b EBay and Icahn settle dispute
b Ukraine Crisis: LNG Stocks in Focus
b Lucky escape for Delta plane as part of WING comes off mid-air and it amazingly  ...
b 49ers' Kaepernick defends reputation after police report
e Midnight Rider Director, Producers Charged with Involuntary Manslaughter
e The Originals Take Over in "Moon Over Bourbon Street"
t Crytek Will Be Showing Off CryEngine Native Linux Support At GDC 2014
t NPD: Sony's PlayStation 4 outsells Microsoft's Xbox One for sixth month in a row
e Nicki Minaj Shocking Revelation at BET Awards 2014: 'I was about to die  ...
e Cory Monteith's Mom Opens Up On The Glee's Star Death A Year After the Tragedy
e Justin Bieber to be charged over egg attack
e Angry Birds to change into Transformers and back into money for Rovio
t Qianzhousaurus sinensis: Long-Snouted Tyrannosaur Discovered in China
t Facebook conducts social experiment on users
e Watch Caleb Johnson Sing “The Edge of Glory” in American Idol 2014 Top 10  ...
e VIDEO: South Korean Filmmakers Protest Early Release Of 'Dawn Of The Planet  ...
e 'The Walking Dead': Are you ready for the biggest shocker of all?
e Mila Kunis pregnant: actress and Ashton Kutcher expecting first child
t Spring officially begins Thursday
b EUR/USD: Slight Losses As ADP Nonfarm Payrolls Eyed
b Euro at 2 1/2 year high as China, Ukraine jitters boost safe havens
t Apple seeks $2b from Samsung in fresh patent battle
b Box files for $250M IPO, generated $124.2M in revenue last year from 34000  ...
t Gas Prices Drop, But Could Go Up Soon
t Apple hands out its annual app design awards, winners include Yahoo News  ...
e American Idol 2014 Top 8 Power Rankings
b Drugmaker Shire agrees to £32-bn takeover from AbbVie
b Shocker: Amaya Gaming to acquire PokerStars and Full Tilt Poker brands for  ...
m Pour one out for caffeinated Four Loko.
e Watch: Hunger Games 'Mockingjay' trailer released
b What will Coldwater closing mean to Sandpoint?
b Tiffany shines in the 1st quarter
t Moto 360 to be customisable like the Moto X and Moto G
b PG&E Pleads Not Guilty To Pipeline Charges, Next Court Date Is June 2
e Abramson tells WFU graduates she's like them, unsure of what's next
b IRS warns of phishing scam
b Colorado Made $3.5M From Pot
m Report says cheap food makes us fat
e Kickstarter Is Getting Flooded With Potato Salad Knockoffs After One Guy Made  ...
t Years of research reveal disturbing news about fate of orcas
b BOND REPORT: Treasurys Mostly Rise After Lackluster Auction
e Tracy Morgan rep shares good news, comedian upgraded to 'fair condition'
e CE to visit Hainan and Shanghai
b New York regulator wants BNP executives fired, say sources
t Thanks, Heartbleed: Obamacare Site Urges Users to Change Passwords
e The Next Captain America Is Black
e Master Splinter unveiled in new trailer for Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (Video)
e The Amazing Spider-Man 2: Best Green Goblin Pic Yet!
m Sierra Leone to Model Economics After Liberia's Open Budget Initiative
e War hero Louis Zamperini, subject of Angelina Jolie-directed Unbroken, dies at 97
b Wall Street turns higher after Fed statement
b C$ steady after data shows a drop in retail sales
m CDC Report Shows Rate Of Autism Has Increased
e Soul singer and songwriter Bobby Womack dead at 70
t Gas prices down nationwide
m Veterans languish and die on a VA hospital's secret list
t Sony to sell PlayStation consoles in China, takes on Microsoft's Xbox One
b Nasdaq sinks more than 2.5 per cent
b Gasoline prices have familiar look
t ARRIS WorkAssure™ Helps Time Warner Cable Drive One-Hour Appointments  ...
e Snoopy to make 'Peanuts' film debut
e Gwar Frontman David Brockie Died Of Heroin Overdose
b IRS rules on Bitcoin: a property, not a currency
b Stocks Gain, Dow Rises Triple Digits At Midday
t Grain lower, livestock mostly higher
t Echoes of the big bang discovered
e Film review: Transformers, the “daddy” of block-buster movies
b American sees single operating certificate in Q2 2015
b Microsoft sees profits slump despite growing Windows and Surface sales
e BBC America renews Orphan Black for third season
b AstraZeneca fights Pfizer bid by predicting sales surge
e James Brown Gets His Shine on 'Get on Up'
e Sean Hayes Cast as Series Regular on The Millers
m First Indication of West Nile Virus Activity in Shasta County
b As California sees high-end jobs flee to Texas, Torrance mayor fears Golden  ...
b Federal Reserve: Third of small businesses in NY, NJ, CT Sandy areas report  ...
t Bacteria species part of Curiosity baggage on Mars
t Mounties say they asked CRA to delay announcing loss of personal data
t Facebook Is Under Investigation For Mood Manipulation Study
t Climate expert rips gov't meddling in UN report
b US existing home sales fall to lowest level in 18 months
b Fitch revises South Africa outlook to negative, affirms at BBB
m Recalled beef may have been sent to 10 states, including Ky.
e Peaches Geldof had still to come to terms with mom's death
b Priceline Books $2.6B OpenTable Deal
b The continuing ripples from Deepwater debacle
t Steve Jobs Told Top Executives That Apple Would Not Make A TV
b Crude oil ends week with 2.2% gain on improving US economy, supply concerns
m Science Says Beards are Only Sexy When Not Everybody Has a Beard
e Mayor Eric Garcetti drops F-bomb in declaring big day for Los Angeles
b INSIGHT-In California drought, big money, many actors, little oversight
m Google's 'perfect human' project isn't evil, it's business
e Beyonce's VMA performance in a series of amazing GIFs
e Obama, 9/11 kin, survivors due at museum ceremony
e Reflections Upon the Heroic Death of Archie Andrews
e Sinister Six and Venom Films to be Released Before The Amazing Spider-Man 4
b Gold Weekly Fundamental Analysis March 31 – April 4, 2014 Forecast
m Contagious Yawning Linked to Age by Duke University Researchers
m CDC: 1 in 10 deaths caused by heavy drinking
b Posted by Muhammad Iqbal
e Game of Thrones Season 4, Episode 1 review: Bare breasts and blood spilt  ...
t The eBay Data Breach Affected 145 million Users
b US tech shares selloff again; all eyes on JPMorgan and Wells Fargo Q1 reports
t Saturn Opposition 2014: Where to Watch Ringed Gas Giant Align with Earth Live  ...
t Shipwreck found in San Francisco Bay; Chinese crew heroics after disaster  ...
t Fox & Friends Swipes BioShock Infinite Logo in a Move Levine Calls 'Irony'
b Interpublic Group of Companies Inc.: Interpublic Announces Second Quarter and  ...
t When Internet security isn't secure
e Chris Brown Booted From Rehab
b UK CPI inflation falls to 1.5%
e Nobel Prize-Winning Author Gabriel Garcia Marquez Dies At 87
e Can you see these stars in The Notebook?
t WatchESPN Streams To The Chromecast
b GM adds 824000 vehicles to recall - NBC-2.com WBBH News for Fort Myers  ...
b Restaurant Chain PF Chang's Confirms Credit and Debit Card Breach
e Foo Fighters Shut Down A New Orleans Block With Secret Show
m Officials: 2nd US case of MERS reported in Orlando
t Xbox exclusives will continue to play “a major role” for Microsoft, says Spencer
e Johnny Depp shows off engagement ring
e Justin Theroux hijacks Jennifer Aniston's beauty products
t Mystery of Death Valley's 'Sailing' Stones Solved: Rocks Filmed Moving For The  ...
e Lindsay Lohan's Reality Show Slammed by Rosie O'Donnell on Twitter
e Lindsay Lohan Reveals Shocker On Oprah's Network
b Best US airline performer revealed
e Adam Levine Likes "Creepy" New Blond Hair
e 9/11 memorial museum officially opens
e Jermaine Jackson: New MJ music is wrong
m Michelle Obama takes on Republicans over school lunches
b GLOBAL MARKETS-Mixed reaction to weak euro zone inflation data
t OnePlus One arrives to blow the competition out of the water
b Economists Rip Apart FT's Piketty Takedown
e New Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Trailer Revealed
m Emergency declared over global resurgence of polio
e Led Zeppelin in legal trouble for 'Stairway' intro
b Investors Aren't Overly Optimistic About Burger King's Chances Of Acquiring Tim  ...
e 'The Colbert Show' Twitter Sparks #CancelColbert Backlash After Quoting  ...
e Rose Leslie and Kit Harington discuss Sunday's tragic 'Game of Thrones' death
e Opinion: Self-proclaimed potato salad novice a modern day Johnny Appleseed
t Meteor Shower Could Be A "Meteor Storm" Tonight
m PetSmart Joins Petco in Eliminating Chinese Pet Treats
t New line of Chromebooks from Lenovo, Acer, Dell, Asus to hit stores in summer
e 5 Reasons A Full On Destiny's Child Reunion Needs To Happen Stat
e Noah Debuts at Number One at the Box Office
b Pilgrim's offer for Hillshire is all about meat
e ADL Says Rapper's 'Anti-Semitic' Costume a 'Storm in a Teacup'
b Hemp project planting to begin Tuesday in Kentucky
m Gilead's Sovaldi Shows Efficacy & Safety In Chronic Hepatitis C Patients
t Lehman scourge may finally root out old GM
e Spotify Hits 10 Million Paid Users. Now Can It Make Money?
m Being bilingual can keep mind sharp
b SanDisk to Buy Enterprise Flash Storage Specialist Fusion-io for $1.1 Billion
m Scientists find protein that lets egg and sperm hook up
b Home-price growth slows to 14-month low
t It's D-Day for Microsoft Windows XP today
t Yahoo Poaching YouTube Stars, Working On Rival [Report]
t Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) Hiring Hackers To Use Apps Instead of Keys
b Chiquita and Fyffes merge in $1 billion deal
b Stocks post modest gains; Aereo found in violation of copyright law; Barnes  ...
b Johnson Controls revenue rises 3 pct on China demand
e Sofía Vergara Declares Break-Up With Fiancé Nick Loeb, Her Poor English  ...
t 10 largest GM recalls this year
b China to Spend More Than $162 Billion on Shantytowns
t If you 'like' this brand, you can't sue
t GM recalling 500000 Camaros for ignition switch problem
b Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd (ADR) Receives Consensus Rating of "Buy  ...
m WHO issues travel restriction on Pakistan due to polio
m 'Best Mother's Day present': rare twins born holding hands
t NY gasoline prices rise slightly; Iraq upheaval threatens expected decline
e In brief: More Starbucks stores to sell alcohol at night
b Op-Ed: Online exchanges in Lehman terms, eBay to the rescue?
b Microsoft (MSFT) Beats Wall Street's Estimates For Fiscal Q3 Although Sales Fall
e Marvel Introduces a New Thor, and She Isn't What You're Expecting
b Inmarsat to offer free tracking service following Malaysia Air disaster
m Longer-life gene might also make you a lot smarter
e Sandra Bullock stalking case sparks concerns on celebrity safety
b Road funding
e 'Sons Of Anarchy' Final Season Teaser: Fear The Reaper
e 'Brady Bunch' actress Ann B. Davis, who played Alice, dies
b Gold Eases Further From 3-month Highs
b What Fox-Time Warner deal could mean for the sports television world
e This Is How Miley Rolls
e Avril Lavigne video insensitive, not racist; Beyonce's Time cover could be better  ...
t High-tech workers in line to get average of $4000 in $324.5M 'no-poaching  ...
e Actor-director Richard Attenborough dies at 90
b Premier says Malaysia Airlines plane went down in Indian Ocean
e Johnny Depp not required to testify at a murder trial after lawyers concurred he  ...
e Ex-NFL player Tim Shaw is using the Ice Bucket Challenge in the fight of his life
t Canada joins global crackdown on malware as arrests made worldwide
b Business report: Smucker raises Folgers, Dunkin' Donuts coffee prices
t On Web's 25th birthday, a call for Net Bill of Rights
e 'Transformers: Age Of Extinction' Gives China Biggest Box Office Opening In  ...
e Hey TV.com, Should I Watch Halle Berry's Alien Drama Extant?
m Riken may call on researchers to retract stem cell study
b Dow closes at a record high, buoyed by IBM
e Boba Fett Movie Will Be Written By The Writer Of The 'Walking Dead' Video  ...
e How I Met Your Mother's Craig Thomas Addresses Finale Reactions
m A Healthy Lifestyle May Deflect Dementia
e Suki Waterhouse stuns in a strapless gown as she stands out at The Homesman  ...
b Fox fails in $80BN play for Time Warner
b European parliament, EU states reach deal on banking union, MEPs say
e Eric Bana: 5 Awesome Performances And 5 That Sucked
t Apple's MacBook Pro line might be getting a pre-Yosemite power boost
m Senegal shuts border with Guinea to prevent Ebola spreading
e Fireworks Safety and Tips
e Beyonce and Jay Z's Upcoming Joint Tour can Prove to be a Great Move
e Tribute: Ann B. Davis of “The Brady Bunch”
e Stars pay tribute to Casey Kasem
e Chris Brown's Assault Trial Set to Begin Monday
e Olivia Wilde - Olivia Wilde Gives Birth To Otis Alexander
t Were dinosaurs warm or cold-blooded? More like lukewarm, scientists say
b FOREX -Euro dips after Draghi says ECB may ease policy further
t Confirmed: Google will let anyone in the US buy Google Glass for just one day
e Juan Pablo Galavis woos Nikki Ferrell with post-'The Bachelor 2014' video
e Robin Thicke Thanks His Wife Paula Patton In His Billboard Music Award: Are  ...
t LG G2 Gets Android 4.4 KitKat in Canada
b Whole Foods to launch first national marketing campaign as sales growth slows  ...
e Colleague: Clooney's fiancee brings light to everything
t Photos of the Day: 'Mars Yard' Testing Ground is a Giant Sandbox
b ETFs to Watch on Rotten Whole Foods Earnings
b QE on the QT as non-farm payroll figures show growth
e Obsessed TV Report Card: Lindsay Is the Best Reality Debut in Years
e 'Star Wars: Episode VII' goes back to the future with original s - NBC-2.com  ...
t Living in Twitter's shadow is virtual reality for Facebook stock
t Galaxy S5′s fingerprint scanner has already been hacked, PayPal accounts at  ...
e The Morning Links for March 10, 2014
t Supermoon 2014: what is it and how can I see it?
b No change from Bank of England on rates
t Google Maps: now helping ...
b Unemployment Stays at 7.2%
b AstraZeneca counters Pfizer with $45 billion forecast
e Kourtney Kardashian, Scott Disick Expecting Third Baby
b Valeant (VRX) Increased Offer for Allergan (AGN) May Not Be Enough, Says  ...
e Miley Cyrus back on tour, Scotty McCreery gets robbed
t Toyota $1.2 Billion Deal OK'd to End Criminal Probe
t Honda, Mazda, Nissan Recall 3 Million Cars Over Potentially Explosive Airbags
t General Motors' June Sales Defy Logic As Its Recall Count Piles Higher
e Chris Brown Performs 'Loyal' with Lil Wayne, Tyga, & Travis Barker at BET Awards
m Report: Wisconsin 10th healthiest state for seniors
b Yahoo sees flat second quarter as revenue growth remains elusive
t PlayStation 4 Firmware 1.7 and PlayStation Now Details Leaked, Reveals  ...
b Stocks end higher as reporting of US corporate earnings nears end; Dow ekes  ...
t PlayStation 4 Sales Surpass Seven Million Units
b Euro stocks mixed as takeovers in focus
b JP Morgan to Invest $100 Million in Detroit--Update
e Christie dances around Clinton matchup, and dances
e 'Mad Men' Season 7 Spoilers: Episode 5 Synopsis Leaked Online; What Will  ...
m Three-decade effort to eradicate polio is in peril
b Amazon.com (AMZN) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Hits Estimates
e British Eurovision singer prepares to steal the show
m Hopes for new malaria vaccine based on blood protein
b IMF Chief Lagarde Probed in French Corruption Case
e Courtney Love 'finds' missing plane
b Nissan sees global sales of 5.65 mln vehicles this fiscal year
e Film Review: 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier'
t Android TV Gets Official At Google IO
t iPhone 5 Battery Letting You Down? Apple Might Replace It—For Free
e Andi Dorfman and Josh Murray Discussed Her Engagement Ring in the Fantasy  ...
t Google Drive price cuts signal start of Cloud Storage Wars - What will Dropbox  ...
b Rideshare battle: Yellow Cab's new app vs. Uber
m 2014 AIDS Walk New York raises over $5.1 million
t Dwarf planet seen at edge of solar system
t Nasa and Boeing sign $2.8bn deal to build rocket to take us to Mars
b Massachusetts Goes Back To Square One As It Scraps $69 Million Health  ...
b Supreme Court considers new limits on issuing US software patents
b Death and taxes
t Microsoft completes Nokia acquisition with the deal closed today
t New Rocky Planet May Have Liquid Water
t Refreshed 2015 Volkswagen Jetta Debuts at New York Auto Show
t Buzz+Aldrin%3A+Where+were+you+when+I+walked+on+moon%3F
t Apple Patents Method For Changing Your Phone's Settings Based On Location
e Debbie Rowe wants guardianship of Jackson kids
b MARKET SNAPSHOT: S&P 500 On Track For 6th Straight Quarterly Gain
m ADHD and Obesity
e Miley Cyrus 'Bangerz' Tour Update: Singer Delivered X-Rated Surprise Gig in  ...
e Valar Morghulis: Game of Thrones' Women Are Going to Rule the World
b USDA: 84 Percent Of Iowa Corn Planted
b GBP longs added to after Mansion House - Nomura
t Nasa: Earth-Like Exoplanet 'Could Harbour Life'
m Vampires Proven Correct: Blood of the Youth Is Probably the Secret to Living  ...
b Candy Crush creator King Digital expects $7.6 billion IPO valuation
b Will California Teachers Support the Staples Boycott?
t Microsoft (MSFT) CEO Nadella Still Forming Long-Term Plan; Unlikely to Be  ...
t Yahoo! Sees Unusually High Options Volume (YHOO)
m Ohio Mumps Outbreak Spreads Beyond University Walls
e Famous Poet And Author, Maya Angelou Dies At 86
b Credit Suisse nears record tax plea
m Mumps outbreak moves beyond OSU campus
e Pastor Defrocked for Gay Wedding Speaks at Local Church
b Pending Home Sales Drop 0.8%
m Skin cancer rate increases in North East
t Amazon to Buy Video Game Live-Streaming Site Twitch for $970 Million
t Toyota reaches $1.2bn settlement in safety-related criminal inquiry
m Smell and Eye Tests May Permit Early Detection of Alzheimer's
e North West WILL Play A Super Special Part In Kimye's Wedding!
e MOVIE BLOG: Review - 'Earth to Echo'
b New Amazon Fire smartphone boasts cloud capabilities
b IP, Optical Prop Up Alcatel-Lucent's Q1
e 'Transformers: Age Of Extinction': Audiences To Assemble For Fourth Installment?
t No evidence data was stolen when state computers were hacked
t How to Take Light and Make Matter
b FOREX-Dollar edges up on yen after Bank of Japan trims GDP forecast
m Sarepta Soars on Eteplirsen Submission Plans - Analyst Blog
e Scott Asheton, Drummer For Iggy And The Stooges, Is Dead at 64
t Microsoft under monopoly investigation in China
m Thousands of London teenagers recruited to study how mobile phones affect  ...
b Oil prices rise in Asia on Iraq violence
t Is YouTube acquiring Twitch?
m US has 54 percent of HIV infections in Western nations
t Major meteor shower could light up skies early Saturday
b Bankrupt Coldwater Creek plans Mother's Day liquidation sales
t 4.3-incher Moto E launch nears
m Samsung Electronics chair Lee Kun-hee hospitalised
t FTC: T-Mobile Crammed Bogus Charges Onto Bills
e Dear Jill: From One Pushy Media Dame to Another
t Online security flaw affects social media, but UF accounts OK
t Gas Prices Trending Downward in North Carolina
b Rising US consumer prices point to uptick in inflation pressures
m Hungry spouse, angry spouse? Study with voodoo dolls ties marital discord to  ...
e Angelina Jolie says Hollywood and movies are "not the main focus" for her family
m Agent: Pistorius planned travel with girlfriend - WNCN: News, Weather
m World Blood Donor Day marked
e 'Colbert Report' Successor Named
t US to relinquish key oversight role for internet
t Verizon Galaxy S5 Experiencing Camera Force Close Issues
t Scientists: We've Found Biggest Dinosaur Ever
t Facebook Pulls Back The Targeting Curtain & Gives Users More Control Over  ...
b Twitter's earnings: Pile of harassment complaints
m San Diego ranks 8th in American Fitness Index
t Tip City (City Park) - fireworks 10 pm
b Students and families are borrowing less for college
b Vietnam's Anti-China Protests Reflect Grievances Far Beyond China's Rig in  ...
b Fiat denies VW takeover
e Dynasty and Doctor Who star Kate O'Mara dies aged 74
e Rolf Harris guilty of 12 counts of indecent assault after lengthy trial
e 'Mad Men' season 7, episode 2 recap: Keep pretending
b Southwest Airlines shifts around flight operations leaders
e Update: "Grey's Anatomy" Ratings Up Slightly for Season Finale
t Apple's 5.5-Inch iPhone Device Delayed Until in 2015?
e Shia LaBeouf banned from restaurant for urinating on parking lot wall
b Oil slips below $104 as Libya set to boost exports
b Will Recent News Hurt JPMorgan Chase's Stock?
t Fresh, hot coffee for astronauts 350 kms above earth
e The Bloated 'HIMYM' Finale Ends Exactly Where We Knew It Would
e Sarah Palin says she's ready to go rogue on 'The View'
m Japan finds fraudulent steps in 'breakthrough' stem cell paper
t LG officially announces LG G Watch
e A Sneak Peek Into Kim & Kanye's Dream Wedding
e Neil Patrick Harris reveals it all for Rolling Stone
t Asus Rumoured to Launch $99 Android Powered Smartwatch by September 2014
b Valeant boosts offer for Botox maker, threatens to take deal directly to shareholders
b Big quarter for Morgan Stanley
m Lab-grown vaginas successfully implanted in four US women
t AP source: US to announce $1.2B Toyota settlement - ABC-7.com WZVN News  ...
m Kenya Minister of Health on high alert to avoid spread of Ebola
e <em>X-Men: Days of Future Past</em>: You Are Going to Already Love This Movie
e Netflix Shut Out at the Emmys: 'Orange' Squeezed, 'House of Cards' Falls
e Robert Pattinson lives in Kristen Stewart's home?
b Tax Deadline Approaches For Santa Clarita Residents To File Returns
b Colorado lawmakers working to close loopholes in legal marijuana law
b US medical device maker in advanced talks to buy rival firm for US$45bil
e Don Draper of "Mad Men": An empty suit in free fall
e Has Lea Michele Found a New Man?
e 1964 World's Fair tech predictions had some hits, misses
b Search for missing Malaysian plane moves to new area
e 'The Voice' Season 6 playoffs: Dani Moz brings everyone to tears as Shakira and  ...
e 'The Good Wife' team talks plot twists, character growth with Charlie Rose
t Supermoon back this weekend
t Microsoft Blocks Federal Order To Search a Customer's Email
t YouTube reportedly building a dedicated kids section
t Apple Poaches TAG Heuer Exec For iWatch Launch
b Sector Update: Consumer
t Blood moon appears in early morning sky
e Jennifer Lopez to receive Icon Award at the Billboard Music Awards
m Clues to How Mediterranean Diet Protects the Heart
t Twitter expands their image options with multiples and photo tagging
m Iodine Deficiency widespread; Pregnant Women should take supplements
b General Motors Appoints New Safety Chief
t Apple-IBM Deal Weighs On BlackBerry Shares
e RIP Tuco: Eli Wallach passes away at 98, after 69 years in showbiz
e Showtime horror series harkens back to Victorian days
e Malaya Watson American Idol “I Am Changing” Video 3/12/14 #IdolTop11
m Why Some Air Traffic Controllers Are Too Tired to Safely Navigate Planes
e Brad Pitt in red carpet scuffle with prankster at Hollywood premiere of Maleficent
e 19 Things We Learned from the 'Rise of the Planet of the Apes' Commentary
m Man isolated for high fever took precautions in Africa
m Money may house 3000 different types of bacteria, study says
m Don't Believe Dr. Oz's Weight Loss Hype
t Large tech companies slam FCC's proposed net neutrality rules
b Durable-goods orders jump 2.6% in March
e NBC Finally Puts 'Community' (and Its Fans) Out of Its Misery
e Flight Attendant's Hysterical Safety Speech (VIDEO)
t Report: Microsoft's Chinese Offices Raided
e Video From Star Wars Set Reveals Awesome Alien and How You Can Be in The  ...
e Janice 'Jan' Chamberlin: Mickey Rooney's Wife Found About His Death From  ...
b Stocks Hold Near Session Highs; Pinnacle Foods Soars PF AL SWKS
e 'How I Met Your Mother' Kids Kept Show's Ending Secret for 9 Years
b Bank of England keeps rates, stimulus on hold
t BBM Beta For Windows Phone Arrives
e Doing what he does best: Sir Mick Jagger puts on energetic performance in first  ...
b Is it Game Over for GameStop? - Analyst Blog
t Emissions smothering Earth: leaked UN study
m Joint Statement from the National Autism Center and May Institute
t Privacy Watchdog Files Complaint to FTC Over Facebook News-Feed Study
t 'Cast Screen' Button Appears In Android Quick Settings For Some
b US car sales best expectations
t Samsung's Galaxy S5 goes on sale worldwide
b JPMorgan's first-quarter profit falls as investment banking and mortgage  ...
e Valerie Harper clarifies that she is not cancer-free
e A topless Cara Delevingne kisses Michelle Rodriguez in the sea: Inside their  ...
t Get A Glimpse At Some Of The Changes In iOS 7.1
t The Latest "Cosmos" Episode Has the Best Argument Yet Against Creationism
m FDA: Hysterectomy, Myomectomy Device Could Spread Undetected Cancer
e 'Girls' star Allison Williams headed skyward as flying hero of NBC's live musical  ...
t Why Your Facebook Likes Really Matter
e Big Bang Theory's Kaley Cuoco Opens Up About Dating Superman Star Henry  ...
e Watch TODAY Book Club chat with John Green, cast of 'The Fault in Our Stars'
e L'Wren Scott's Company Releases Statement
e Iranians Released From Jail After Posting Happy Video
b Hunt for debris from Malaysia Airlines jet steps up as black box detectors arrive
b 1ST LEAD Final hurdle cleared for GE's 17-billion dollar Alstom takeover By  ...
b Alibaba Looking to Invest in Snapchat at $10B Valuation
t Ram Promaster City is small, ready to haul
b Stocks edge upwards, but end week lower
b The Pros and Cons of a Roth 401(k) Conversion
e Warner Bros. and Legendary Announce Godzilla 2
e AC/DC guitarist 'too ill to play'
t UN warns of climate change risks
t Samsung Galaxy S5 vs Nexus 5 - Price and Specs Comparison
b VIDEO: Yahoo Nominates One Of Its Co-Founders, A Stock Guru, And A Former  ...
m AAN: Medical Marijuana Helpful in MS Symptoms
t Apple, IBM give up 30-year rivalry to work together on iPhone, iPad software
m One-third of Americans didn't visit a dentist in the past year
e Tammy: Thin and sloppy, but often funny
e Ivan Reitman Steps Down From Directing New Ghostbusters Film
t AT&T wants to add gigabit Internet service in 21 big cities -- but none in the  ...
e 'Fifty Shades of Grey' Trailer Sets a 2014 Record
m 12-year-old US girl undergoes weight-loss surgery
b Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen buys recipes in $43 million deal with founder's  ...
e Sarah Michelle Gellar Blasts Kim Kardashian Vogue Cover
e Wedding party plunges into lake when dock collapses beneath their weight
t Galaxy Note 4 to pack a QHD display, 64-bit CPU and 4GB of RAM
m W.Va. increases spending on home care for disabled
t UN panel calls into question U.S. corn ethanol mandate
t Ford recalls Escape, C-Max and more vehicles to fix safety issues
e Leonardo DiCaprio Didn't Just Snub The Kardashians - He Brushed Off Justin  ...
m Toddler Amputee Taking First Steps Says: "I Got It"
e Video: Jonah Hill Apologizes For Homophobic Slur on The Tonight Show
b CMS Eliminates Proposed Medicare Advantage Cuts for 2015
e It's official: Captain America vs Batman and the Man of Steel!
e Powdered alcohol gets thumbs up from US regulators
e 'Mad Men' Episode 2 Recap: Don Gets Nervous on a Date
t The FCC's New Net Neutrality Rules Will Brutalize The Internet
e 50 Must-See Pieces at Frieze New York 2014
e Long Beach Rapper Christ Bearer In Stable Condition After Suicide Attempt
e Blake Lively - Blake Lively steals the show in Gucci at Met Gala
e Top 5 Moments From the 2014 Kids' Choice Awards
b Why Bitcoin Entrepreneurs Are Begging for More Regulation
b Nissan earnings boosted by N. America gains
e Emma Watson to star in The Little Mermaid
m Too Much TV May Be Linked To Death Risk In Young Adults
t Verizon rolling out HD voice calls via VoLTE later this year
e First Look At New Peanuts Movie
e 'Transformers: Age of Extinction': Hopefully the Title Refers to the Franchise
e L'Wren Scott: Eerie Report Predicted Death & Mick Jagger Troubles
b Grand Central: Fed Links Low Rates to “Persistent Headwinds” in Economy
t Facebook Slingshot Hands On: A Less Useful, More Confusing Snapchat
b TreeHouse Foods To Acquire Flagstone Foods For $860 Mln - Quick Facts
e Deadly Motorcycle Crash Kills One Woman Injuries A Man
e First teaser for new 'Hunger Games' is Capitol propaganda
e Tom Hiddleston Shows Off His Pipes As A Singing Pirate In Disney's 'The Pirate  ...
t China opens anti-monopoly investigation of Microsoft
b FOREX-Euro roughly flat after Eurosceptic surge
e Radcliffe play wows Broadway critics
e Hideous Dresses and Cool Shoes at the MTV Movie Awards
m Macklemore & Ryan Lewis Pick Dubai Lad's Poster for Their UAE Gig
b Weibo CEO: We'll Be Watching Facebook and Twitter
e House Music Pioneer Frankie Knuckles Dead At 59
m DR. CHARLES MORIN, Cohasset: Health board's tobacco decision dangerous
m Steve Duin: Jason Conger, Monica Wehby and the growing appeal of Obamacare
b Citi Bike Is Riding the Struggle Bus
e Channing Tatum reveals he is "probably" an alcoholic
e Box Office Preview: 'Rio 2' Set to Battle 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier' for  ...
b Merger to create world's biggest cement maker
e Kat Perkins wows 'The Voice' with hard rock version of 'Get Lucky'
b Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Q1 Earnings Preview: Bottom Line Doesn't Matter?
e Jennifer Lawrence, 'Hunger Games,' top winners at MTV Movie Awards
b TrueCar raises $70 million in initial public offering
t Amazon's Smartphone Leaked
b RPT-Fitch: Capital Increase to Aid Deutsche Bank's Manoeuvrability
b France secures Alstom stake option ahead of GE tie-up
t Apple, IBM Give Each Other a Hand in Meeting of the Enterprise Minds
b Sixth straight day of gains
e Does Sawyer's Evening News Departure Matter?
e Bad Words
e Britney Spears sings 'Alien' without Auto-Tune in embarrassingly brilliant leaked  ...
m Smoke(less) signals: why we're vaping now
b Forex - Euro off highs vs. dollar after Draghi remarks
e James Franco lashes out at theatre critic on Instagram
b Ousted American Apparel Founder Dov Charney Eyes New Suit
e Cannes: 15 Women Directors, Tame Dragons and Ryan Gosling's First Time
b Target chairman and CEO ousted
b US leads protest at UN on Russian move in Ukraine
b Suspects held as last of 301 mine victims buried
b Turkish PM: 'We'll eradicate Twitter'
e Conan O'Brien a Fan of Stephen Colbert, Glad He Got 'Late Show' Gig
m Hummus recall at Target, Trader Joe's
e Soul Singer Bobby Womack Dead At 70
e Will Smith Reacts to Controversial Photo of 13-Year-Old Daughter
e the bachelor juan pablo.jpg
e Lamar Odom moves on from Khloe Kardashian with a mystery woman as she  ...
t Captain Toad: Treasure Tracker delayed until Jan 2015 in Europe
e Sheryl Sandberg on why you should never call your daughter bossy
b Europe shares extend losses, traders cite US Fed official
e Sounds like a wild night! Miley Cyrus and friends get tattoo of her dead dog  ...
t Pokemon Challenge: 'Gotta catch em all' on Google Maps
e Know-It-All: Jessica Simpson's Gorgeous Wedding Pic, Zoe Saldana Covers  ...
t Winter (@#*) and weather
e Casey Kasem was an island of calm in swirl of pop music
t Tablet glee dips: Apple and Samsung battle budget slates
e Actor who appeared in 'The Shield' TV series due in court for arraignment on  ...
b Amazon offers authors 100% of sales amid dispute
e Emma Stone sizzles in sexy PVC dress with thigh-high slit at Spider Man 2  ...
e The Incredibles 2 and Cars 3 on the way
m Can Egypt's Army Cure AIDS?
e 2nd Goonies Movie May Soon Be In The Works
e Mick Jagger met new 27-year-old ballerina girlfriend two weeks before L'Wren  ...
b Feds join the fight against HFT
e Kesha Goes Black & Lacy at the Billboard Music Awards 2014!
m Why Ebola is so dangerous
e Man Raises $10k on Kickstarter to Make Potato Salad
b #PreMarket Primer: Thursday, May 8: Yellen Says Economy On The Upswing  ...
e Adele teases '25' album on Twitter
b Volatility Forecast for Pound to Australian Dollar (GBP/AUD) Exchange Rate  ...
e Khloe Kardashian & French Montana Dating? Pair Spotted Dining Together In  ...
t 140 things you don't know about Twitter
e Bedridden Miley Cyrus loses her 'brain' in The Flaming Lips' NSFW pill and pot  ...
e Denied again by people he hated, gunman improvised
t TweetDeck service returns after hack makes users vulnerable
b BMW set to put millions more into Upstate plant
e Mark Wahlberg Collects MTV Generation Award, Drops F-Bomb!
t What IBM-Apple Partnership Really Means for Businesses
m Polar vortex has lead to a pollen vortex
b Target names outsider as its new chief executive
b Yellen is still the sharemarket's best friend
e Gwyneth Paltrow Breaks Silence About Chris Martin Split
e 'Snow White and the Huntsman' Ditches Snow White
b Boone County judge-executive to discuss Toyota on Tuesday's FOX19 Morning  ...
e SXSW Highlights: "Chef", "Neighbors" And "Veronica Mars" Bring The Laughs  ...
m This Simple Blood Test Could Predict Alzheimer's Disease Before Symptoms  ...
b Nikkei rises to fresh 6-month high; Nissan jumps on strong results
t E3 2014: Destiny's epic scope coming into focus
m For members of US military, a ban on smoking could really burn
e Michael Jackson was &#039;best father&#039;, son Prince Jackson says on 5th  ...
b UPDATE 3-Alcoa pledges finished products push as results beat Wall Street
b JPMorgan CEO Dimon says has curable throat cancer
e Eric Hill contestant on new season of 'Bachelorette' dies after paragliding accident
b Rob Stokes on selling Quirk to WPP
b Gas prices up ahead of July 4th holiday weekend
e Hiccup (Jay Baruchel) and Toothless do some fancy flying in, "How to Train Your  ...
e 'The Bachelorette' Sneak Peek: Men Can't Hide During a Lie Detector Test
b Twitter earnings double in Q2
t Microsoft Reveals 12-Inch Surface Pro 3
e 'Saturday Night Live' review: Did Louis CK, Black Jeopardy, Jos. A. Bank, and  ...
e Lindsay Lohan is Suing the Makers of "Grand Theft Auto V"
b Herbalife Increases Forecast in Latest Retort to Ackman's Attack
b Loud opposition to Pfizer's AstraZeneca takeover prompts Parliamentary probe
m California Firm Recalls Chicken Products Due to Possible Salmonella  ...
t Researchers reveal why koalas hug trees
e One Direction members caught smoking joint on video
e One Model Responds To Terry Richardson's Defense Of Himself
e Ice Bucket Challenge: Matt Damon Uses Flush Water
e Are Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Already Married?
t Notifyr App Brings iOS Notifications to Your Mac
b Michaels Confirms Security Breach, 2.6 Million Cards Compromised
e Movie review: Disneynature doc Bears larger than life (with video)
b Duke Energy Will Hire Independent Engineers to Tackle Coal Ash Issue
t Marc Marquez takes Austin pole in record time
t BBC iPlayer launches on Chromecast
m ApoE4 Gene Variant Linked To Higher Risk Of Alzheimer's In Women
e REVIEW: 'Tammy'
e Elin Nordegren Is Reportedly Getting Serious With New Boyfriend
e WookieeLeaks: 'Star Wars: Episode 7' Put on Hold, a Visit to the Set and Carrie  ...
m DR Congo confirms two new cases of Ebola
e Rio 2
e Floyd Mayweather, rapper TI brawl over Instagram photos in Las Vegas
b EPA Proposes to Clarify When Federal Water Permits are Required
t Report: US, Toyota may reach $1B settlement over acceleration problems
b Integrys Energy, Central Garden & Pet surge
b Citigroup nearing settlement deal over mortgage probe
e In Defense of Kim Kardashian (And Her Vogue Cover)
t Developers excited to build Project Ara's smartphone modules
e Ryan Gosling Tried To Get Rachel McAdams Fired From 'The Notebook', Says  ...
b Fiat chief Sergio Marchionne sets five-year strategy
e James Franco to Make Theatre Directing Debut with The Long Shrift
t Windows Phone 8.1 Will Roll Out in July With App Folder-Creation Feature
e 'Neighbors': How Women Raised the Box-Office Roof for Loud, Lewd Comedy  ...
m As Ebola virus spreads in West Africa, some blame health workers
t Facebook Aquires Virtual Reality. Prepare for the Future!
e Watch Julia Roberts Throw Her Balls Into Jimmy Fallon's Face
m Eating more apples and pears could cut stroke risk
b NVIDIA's (NVDA) CEO Jen-Hsun Huang on Q2 2015 Results - Earnings Call  ...
b How the Dow Jones industrial average fared Tuesday
e Vinyl Record Collectors A Dying Breed In Digital Download Age: National  ...
t Life Through the Eyes of an Owl: HD Camera Providing Unprecedented Access  ...
t Twitter redesign takes a page from Facebook
e Rolling Stone Botches Julia Louis-Dreyfus' Constitution Cover
e 50 Years Later: Revisiting the 1964 World's Fair
b Bank of America Refinance and Mortgage Rate Deals Wednesday Mar 12
e 'Mad Men' creator Matthew Weiner faces the end, and its challenges, as final  ...
e Will Ferrell and Chad Smith Perform in Drum Off
e Pharrell Williams & August Alsina Win Big at BET Awards
t Iceland monitors quakes post eruption alert retraction
e Sum 41's Deryck Whibley hospitalized for collapsed liver, kidney: 'If I have one  ...
b Washington state issues first retail marijuana licenses
e A Legend - Mickey Rooney
t LG to sell first OLED 4K TV -- for $11K
t Ancient Gene Aids Tibetans With Altitude
b British American Tobacco H1 Profit Declines; Sees Earnings Growth Ahead
m Study: Drunk-Driving Deaths Significantly Under-Reported
b U.S. stock futures likely to head lower
t Two thirds of UK adults remain oblivious to Google Glass despite media frenzy
b Asian shares mixed, tech firms hit
t Toyota in US settlement over unintended acceleration: source
e Randall Miller-Sarah Jones: Producers charged in Gregg Allman movie train death
e Holy Week for Christians begins today
e Aurora mistakes Maleficent for her Fairy Godmother in new clip (Video)
t UN Court Halts Japan's Whaling Programme
b Thrupenny bit to replace round pound (but only if we vote No)
m Smoking marijuana may cause heart complications
m Proof of cancer stem cells could be key to treatment
b Swipe right if you think Tinder's $5B valuation is hot (update)
e Genius raises $38728 on Kickstarter for POTATO SALAD
e Review: Melissa McCarthy's 'Tammy' Is Slight But Solid
b Is the price right?
e Charlie White Dancing With the Stars Foxtrot Video 5/12/14 #DWTS #Semifinals
e Kate Middleton reveals Prince George's first steps; Prince William plays polo
m Carrollton will begin ground spraying after first positive test for West Nile virus
t Twitter needs cash, copying Facebook methodology
b Google shares drop 6pc after disappointing results
e Katt Williams accused of drawing gun on Comedy Store heckler
b How a further spike in crude oil price would hit India's GDP
m Bariatric surgery lowers women's risk for uterine cancer: study
t DirecTV Swings Back at TWC in Dodgers Showdown, Blasts TWC's 'Excess'
t Netflix Hiked Its Prices The Right Way — And No One Is Complaining
t The Yeti exists, and an Oxford scientist wants to find it
b Shrinking Legal Backlog, Improving Cost Efficiency Justifies $58 Value For  ...
e Actress Sara Gilbert and musician Linda Perry marry after yearlong engagement
e 'Opie and Anthony' Fans Canceling SiriusXM Subscriptions in Wake of Cohost's  ...
e Diary Room: Judd Daugherty Breaks Down Week 1 On Big Brother 16
b EUROPE MARKETS: European Stocks Lose Steam After Consumer Data
b Tuesday Morning Earnings Releases
t Cities on frontline of climate change struggle
b US Consumer Confidence Dips Slightly In April
e Khloé Kardashian Takes Her Romance With French Montana To The Streets
e Phone Home: Chris Brown Calls Karrueche, Fans From Jail
b The China Syndrome
t Samsung's new Galaxy Note Pro 12.2 review: Blurs the distinction between a  ...
e Beyonce Gets Creative With Sheer At The 2014 MTV VMAs (PHOTOS)
b UPDATE 5 (Day 16): MISSING MH370: More planes join ocean hunt
b South African engineering strike latest blow to sickly economy
m Study of Over 450000 Women Finds 3D Mammography Detects More Invasive  ...
b Walmart takes on GameStop's trade-in and selling used video-games
b Lawsuit planned against Boeing, Malaysia Airlines
t As eBay Notifies Users Of Hack, States Launch Investigation
b Arthur Sulzberger, Jr. Disputes Jill Abramson Firing Was About Pay
b Straight talk for families on health care: The winners, the losers and the politics of  ...
e Peaches Geldof's last public appearance: Looking happy and healthy just days  ...
t HTC One (M8) features that make it special and unique
e Beyonce, Pharrell Williams Win Big at 2014 BET AWARDS; Full Winners List!
e Clare Crowley Disses Juan Pablo: I'd Never Have Kids With You
t Tuesday Five: Comcast merger opposed, $1 billion cancer treatment and don't  ...
e Captain America: The Winter Soldier Cast Interview Videos Released
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4-inch and 10.5-inch tablet specifications leaked
t Nexus 8 tablet release date with new Android 5.0? Specs and price rumors for  ...
e Mickey Rooney dies at Age 93
b US Employers Advertised More Available Jobs in February
t Apple Earnings: Has The iPhone Maker Got Its Mojo Back?
e War hero, Olympian Louis Zamperini dies
t NASA Is Planting A Veggie Garden In Space
b BMW investing $1B to build plant in Mexico
b VIDEO: Government Says 2015 Medicare Payments To Insurers To Rise
e Alexander Wang to Collaborate With H&M
e Films By Abderrahmane Sissako & Philippe Lacôte Are Cannes 2014 Official  ...
e Day 57 of Lana Del Rey's misery. Breaks up with boyfriend. Still denies death  ...
b Automatic Data Processing VP Sells $219440 in Stock (ADP)
e MOVIE REVIEW: 'Purge' sequel gets it all out of our systems
t Chrysler Minivans Recalled Over Defective Window Switch
b Chiquita Brands to Buy Fyffes to Form Biggest Banana Company
b Stocks close mostly higher even as tech stocks get hammered
b Hang Seng ends flat, China stocks up
e 'Spider-Man 2′ Claims Hollywood Record in India
t Facebook adds new Nearby Friends feature to engage mobile users
m Many people with gluten sensitivity haven't had proper tests
b Amazon: Hachette dispute may not be solved quickly
e Sheryl Sandberg Bossily Insists that We Ban the Word 'Bossy'
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Latest Update: Smart Fingerprint, Aqua Capture and  ...
t Internet Explorer security breach prompts warning
e Pregnant Celebrities - Scarlett Johansson's Baby Bump on Display at Captain  ...
t Google's I/O Registration Lottery Happens April 8 - 10: May The Odds Be Ever In  ...
m Foster Farms issues first voluntary chicken recall since 2013 outbreak
b Government allots P6.8M for Aquino's trip to Myanmar
t Court Rejects Google on Street View Privacy Suit
b Malaysia, Inmarsat Release MH370 Satellite Data
e Colombia's Nobel-winning novelist Gabriel Garcia Marquez dies at 87
t Galesburg gas prices decrease over past week
b Marchionne outlines Fiat Chrysler's 5-year plan in email
m Meta-Analysis: Any Blood Pressure Reading Above Normal May Increase Risk  ...
e George Lucas Museum Headed To Chicago
e Drew Barrymore's sister found dead in a car, suspected suicide
e KimYe Wedding PHOTOS Released: Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Marry In  ...
e ​Miranda Lambert: Little bit tough, little bit sweet
b Markets Lower Despite Blowout Manufacturing Data
e COMMUNITY Returns This Fall on Yahoo
b A.G. Schneiderman Announces Fraud Charges Against Barclays
b Replacing Maryland's health exchange with another state's could take a year  ...
m Skipping Medicaid Expansion Will Cost Texas Community Health Centers $98  ...
t First Amazon Smartphone – 3D Screen At $100
b Gas Prices Up as Mideast Turmoil Threatens US Economy
b Family Dollar Stores Inc. (FDO) Updates Q3 Earnings Guidance
e Ariana Grande will perform at the VMAs
e Olympian Shaun White surprises girl at her prom
e Oprah Winfrey On Dr. Maya Angelou: 'She Will Always Be The Rainbow In My  ...
e Jenny McCarthy engaged: Donnie Wahlberg pops the question with yellow  ...
b Labour call for inquiry into Pfizer's AstraZeneca bid
e Mila Kunis eyeing natural childbirth
b 3D Systems Corporation Now Needs To Impress Investors With Execution
e Shooting and stabbings ahead of BET Awards
t Twitter acquires Boulder's Gnip in effort to squeeze sales from tweets
b Pfizer Reveals Legally-Binding Guarantees In AstraZeneca Takeover
e Solange Knowles Opens Up About Jay Z Elevator Fight, Says She is 'All Good  ...
e Nicki Minaj, Pharrell Williams provide memorable moments at BET Awards
b AT&T says it's buying DirecTV in $49B deal
e 'The Bachelorette' 2014 Spoilers: Andi Dorfman is Engaged; Who is Her Fiance?
b Report predicts lower cost for health insurance subsidies
e “Scandal” Recap: The Season Finale
m Health Complication Percentage Due to Diabetes Reduced in US Adults
m What's in Your Beef
t Apple's Beats combines tech with street cred
e Paul Mazursky 1930-2014
b Walmart to offer organic products at lower prices
e French Montana Surprises Khloe Kardashian…
t Office For iPad Has Been Downloaded 27 Million Times, Doubled In A Month  ...
e Gwyneth Paltrow - Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin split up
e Selena and Justin back on again? Pair filmed partying together
e Hollywood's July 4 box office sales down 44% from 2013
t 145 million eBay users asked to change passwords after cyber attack
m California health officials say whooping-cough cases at epidemic level
t Red Hat (RHT) CEO Jim Whitehurst on Q1 2015 Results - Earnings Call  ...
e Amazon Prime Folks Can Watch HBO Shows Starting Today
e Film critic responds to outrage over linking Seth Rogen with Elliot Rodger
t What Watch Dogs and other top games would have looked like in the 80s
e Pippa Middleton Coming Back to the US — Learn the Surprising Reason Why  ...
t Oregon's famous wandering wolf may have found mate
e Pharrell, UN Celebrate International Day of Happiness
t NASA spots most Earth-like planet yet
t LG Optimus G Pro Android 4.4.2 KitKat OTA Update Rolled Out for AT&T Users
m New research shows kids are not the only device addicts
t Dedication: The octopus that spent nearly 4 1/2 years sitting on her eggs, a  ...
e Megan Fox Stuns On The Cover Of Cosmopolitan Magazine, Gives Advice On  ...
b Amazon buys digital comic book service Comixology for undisclosed amount
m New York appeals court cans ban on large sodas
t Apple, IBM partner to shake up enterprise mobility
e Rolf Harris Shows 'No Emotion' As He's Jailed For Five Years And Nine Months
e Cannes Film Festival 2014: Our Top Five Palme d'Or Winner Predictions
m Smart Woman: FDA Taking Steps to Regulate Electronic Cigarettes
b Wall Street edges higher after ISM data
e Neil Young to Debut 'PonoPlayer' High-Definition iPod Competitor This Week
t Biggest Loser: Thawing Greenland Competes With Collapsing Antarctic For  ...
t Is Microsoft getting rid of its Android Nokia X line?
t FTC sues T-Mobile for allegedly hitting customers with hundreds of millions in  ...
m A Calming Force: Nurses and Psych Care
b Kiwi Above 8800 as Fitch Upgrades-New Highs in View?
b An Obama foreign policy sampler _ all in 1 day
b On Ukraine, IMF Answers ICP on Gas Price 50% Rise, Citing Kyiv
b Visitors write messages for passengers of missing MH370
e Michael Jackson's son keen to make it in Hollywood on his own merit
m Screening by Mammography
e 'Outlander': A bonny blend of historical romance, adventure and lush locations  ...
t Google developing health data service: report
t Facebook Drones Could Help Bring Internet Access to Entire World
e Bearded drag queen hogs limelight | Bangkok Post: news
t Comcast/Time Warner Cable Merger Would Be Devastating to American Internet  ...
b Free Coffee At McDonald's As Breakfast War Erupts With Taco Bell
b France's BNP to pay $9 bln in U.S. sanctions case, face dollar-clearing ban
e Father of the Bride stars then & now: From Steve Martin to Kieran Culkin
t Monday is first Spare the Air Day of 2014
m Now there is a remote to turn off your Pill implant
t Microsoft trying to bring Halo TV series to Showtime
b ECB's strong hint on easing next month sends euro lower: AFP
b Squirrel Causes $300K Damage To New Community Center
b Prices inch higher ahead of US 10-year auction
b Highlights: Excited About Direction PM Modi is Taking, John Kerry Tells NDTV
t Researcher Predicts Low WWE Network Subscriber Count Tomorrow, What  ...
t Titanfall for Xbox One has 792p Resolution, may increase in the future
e Local Music Stores Set To Celebrate 'Record Store Day' Saturday
t Heartbleed bug exploited to steal taxpayer data
m Alexander Shulgin, 'Godfather of ecstasy', dies at 88
e Ryan to voice How I Met Your Dad
e Opie & Anthony Co-Host Anthony Cumia Fired for 'Hate-Filled' Remarks
t Video Games News And Rumors 6/3/14
t GM adds 218000 subcompacts to growing recall list - WSFA.com: News Weather  ...
e Pictured: The 12 American girls convinced they are competing to marry Prince  ...
e Nicki Minaj Suffers a Wardrobe Malfunction at the VMAs!
e Strahan to join 'Good Morning America' part time
t Gas prices drop slightly in New Hampshire
t AT&T finally starts taking pre-orders for the Asus PadFone X on June 6
e Selena Gomez Fires Parents - Wants Professional Management
e Breaking Bad's Bob Odenkirk says new Fargo TV series has the 'dynamic' of the  ...
t 'Cosmos' is here, with an endorsement from the President
b Zions Bancorp falls short on Fed 'stress tests'
b US STOCKS-Futures edge up after selloff; Yellen testimony on tap
t WATCH LIVE: First total lunar eclipse of 2014 dawns as the BLOOD MOON rises
e The Adventure Continues…The Wizarding World of Harry Potter - Diagon Alley  ...
b Bank of America Fined $1.3B For Bad Mortgages
e Lady Gaga given sex toy for her 28th birthday
e Garth Brooks Isn't Coming Back With His Comeback Shows! 400000 Fans Get  ...
e Coachella 2014: Lucent Dossier Experience marks 10 years at festival with  ...
b Jobless rate falls to 6.4 percent in Indiana
b Carl Icahn Starts Getting Realistic on eBay and PayPal Ambitions
b Conflicts in Mideast get crude prices boiling
b Legal proceedings over demise of Flight MH370
m Generation of tanners see spike in skin cancer
e Justin Bieber, Selena Gomez Buying Vacation Home In Mexico Together  ...
t Where Were you When I Walked on Moon? Buzz Aldrin
t Microsoft's Focus on the Surface Can Benefit Qualcomm
t Republicans Don't Believe in Climate Change?
t Samsung Galaxy S5 hits Indian stores at Rs 51500
b HP to eliminate up to 16000 more positions
t China bans Windows 8 from government computers
b Forex - Pound lower after dovish Carney comments
t Flappy Bird New Season app isn't real
t Heartbleed: 900 Personal SIN Numbers Stolen From Canada Revenue Agency
e Tracy Baxter: Confusing state laws on fireworks spark debate
t Does this mystery white light captured by Nasa's Curiosity rover suggest there's  ...
t New Book: Jobs Gave Up on "Terrible Business" of TV
b Consumers Are Feeling Great Today, But What About Tomorrow?
e 'I wish we had spoken about it more' Robert DeNiro opens up about gay father
e Behold What Is Possibly Greatest 'Wheel of Fortune' Puzzle Solve in History
e Blue Ivy Carter Instagram Pictures & Video 2014: Footage Debuts at Beyonce  ...
t Oyster Grows ebook Catalog To More Than Half A Million Titles
b Government Securities Auction Results - 11 and 12 June (additional information  ...
t Bloomberg: Apple's new iPhones will have 'bigger screens with curved glass  ...
t EBay asks users to change their passwords after cyber-attack
e Teaser to The Hobbit: The Battle of Fives arrives tomorrow!
e Did Kylie Jenner Hook Up With Justin Bieber?
e Destiny's Child Kind of Had a Reunion...For Jesus
m NY, other states in Four Loko settlement
t The Internet Has A Password Problem
b Wal-Mart profit falls 5% as bad weather effect cited
b Japan, Australia cut tariffs; US beef may suffer
b Stock Market All Stars Plummet As Investors Seek More Conservative Sectors
e Two and a Half Men Star Angus T. Jones Looks Unrecognizable With Scruffy  ...
b Press Release: M&T Bank Extends Strategic Partnership with Ravens
t Apple, Google agree to drop multiple mobile patent lawsuits
t Google's drastic Gmail redesign could come to browsers too
e AC/DC Frontman Brian Johnson Laughs Off Retirement Rumours
m Hummus sold at Trader Joe's, Target recalled
t Crytek adds Linux support to its CryEngine
e Olivia Wilde Gives Birth to Baby Boy! Tweets ADORABLE Pic (Photo)
e From the Woods to Cannes, A Short Film Treat for Horror Cinephiles
t The one you know Netflix is going to keep striking deals with the devil
e The End Is Nigh: Monty Python Reunite For Final Round Of Gigs At The O2
e Save the Met #weareopera
b Argentina's dispute with 'hold-out' creditors enters final stage but negotiated  ...
m WATCH - Girl Suspended for Shaving Head to Support Cancer-Stricken Friend
b Premarket: Global stocks set for quarterly gains, euro zone inflation eyed
t Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Won't Spin Off Xbox Or Bing
t Gorgeous Photo of Martian Dunes Covered in Seasonal Frost
b UPDATE 1-US tests enhanced Aegis system, fires SM-3 missile onshore
b Aussie hits new high for 2014
e Bravo, Boy Scouts! NBC's Ann Curry Rescued By New Jersey Troop
b An Anonymous Billionaire Purchased A Record Breaking $201 Million Life  ...
m Tossing lettuce in olive oil with a sprinkling of nuts and avocado boosts heart  ...
e Mark Wahlberg Takes His Family to the Transformers: Age Of Extinction Premiere
m Doctors Continue To Prescribe Codeine to Children Despite Its Harmful Effects
m Ireland bans e-cigarette in all healthcare centres as US mulls regulation
t OkCupid Brags About Experimenting on Users
m Mosquitos infected with West Nile virus found in Weld, Boulder, Adams, Delta  ...
e Feature Focus
e New Star Wars Movie: More Details Revealed
m Category: Health and Fitness
t Halo 5 Release Date Revealed!
m Fried foods lead to obesity in people with genetic risk
e Cannes 2014: Robert Pattinson Dishes Dirt On 'Sweaty' Sex Scene With Maps  ...
e John Mayer, the muse
b US STOCKS-Wall St drops as cyclicals and small-cap shares weigh
b Oracle Buys Hospitality Vendor MICROS for $5.3 Billion
t Google Glass has launched in the UK -- but it will cost you.
b Mario Draghi says ECB poised to shore up economy as soon as June
t Canada Revenue Agency pushes tax deadline to May 5, resumes online  ...
t 'Full Strawberry Moon' set to rise in the sky on Friday the 13th
m Gene mapping shows promise, challenges
m Study: Heart valve fix without surgery viable
b Daily State Of The Markets: Will The Market Be Bullied By The Fed?
e Shakespeare at 450: What's your favorite quote?
e Linda Perry and Sara Gilbert -- Wedding? More Like a Rock Show with Vows
b Lilly Responds to Verdict in Case of Terrence Allen, et al. v. Takeda
e Miley Cyrus' ELLE Women in Music Cover Leaks
b US Stocks Drift Lower on Weak Earnings from Amazon, Visa and Ford
b EBay and Icahn keep trading punches
m Sacramento records its first 2014 case of West Nile virus
t Microsoft warns of major bug in Internet Explorer
e Amazon's Alpha House wins re-election, six new series set to debut
m Virus control Luxembourg issues health advice to stem Ebola spread
e Do My Eyes Deceive Me Or Is That Kim Kardashian's Big Ol' Nipple?
e Eminem's Beautiful Apology to His Mother Just Rewrote 20 Years of His Lyrics
e Emmys stuck on repeat
t Heart Bleed OpenSSL Computer Virus Update: Security Bug Found by Google  ...
b Walmart's Organic Takeover
b Buyers paying cash account for half of Greensboro-area home purchases
b U.S. wins trade ruling that China imposed illegal duties on American SUVs
e Zac Efron Allegedly Punched During Late-Night Altercation
m Scientists excited by lab-grown vaginas
e Box Office: 'Other Woman' Enjoys Strong Friday for $20 Million-Plus U.S. Debut
t Samsung Galaxy S5 review: Another solid Android smartphone that could have  ...
t HTC One M8 launch: join us from 2am AEDT Wednesday (live blog)
t SpaceX CEO Calls For Immigration Reform
e Harry Potter Theme Park to open Diagon Alley attraction in July
e Movie Review: “Captain America: The Winter Soldier,” Rated PG-13, ΩΩΩ½ out  ...
e Bieber to be charged with vandalism
b SECRETARY JOHN KERRY
b Weather cuts short debris investigation
b Obama selects former Procter and Gamble executive McDonald to head VA
e One Direction fans rip up and burn concert tickets and demand an apology after  ...
m Ebola crisis: Tips to avoid the virus - in 15 seconds
e Matisse exhibition reunites "Blue Nude" paper cut-outs
m CDC says 1 in 68 children has an autism spectrum disorder
t GM recalls 500 pickups and SUVs for air bag controls; number of recalls hits 30  ...
t Microsoft employee arrested due to leaking Windows 8 to a tech blogger
t Honda, Mazda, Nissan Recall 3 Million Vehicles for Airbag Defect
b Airlines Could Face Three-Fold Increase In Insurance Premiums
e Maya Angelou Dead -- American Poet Laureate Dies at 86
b S. Korean stocks lag behind Asian peers: data
e Came In Like a Wrecking Ball? No she Didn't – Scientists Dispute Cyrus' Claims
t Xbox One's April Update Puts The Focus on Friends
b Fast-food survey: Americans like Chipotle and Chick-fil-A, don't like McDonald's
m Study shows risks of watching too much TV
t Fire Phone - The First AI Phone
t Comparison Of Upcoming Samsung Galaxy S6 Vs Galaxy Note 4-Rumor
b Mortgage Rate Summary for PNC Bank Mar 12
e Thailand curfew has been adjusted to 3 hours a night
e Star Wars 7 video: First footage from Episode VII set revealed by JJ Abrams
b Gap's 1Q profit falls 22 percent on currency fluctuations, poor start to season  ...
e Jupiter Ascending Trailer Brings Back The Love Of Sexy Space Fantasy
m Postpartum depression a risk for young dads too
e Frances Bean Cobain Tells Lana Del Rey Not to Romanticize Early Death
b Bank of America to pay $9.3B to make federal dispute go away
e Kim Kardashian gets a self portrait as wedding gift from West
e Casey Kasem Dies
t Facebook launches new tool for journalists
b US GDP up an annualised 2.6% in Q4 2013
m US painkiller prescription rates highest in South
t Facebook Tracking Your TV Viewing
e Watch! Friends stars reunite on Jimmy Kimmel
b GM names new vehicle safety chief following ignition switch recalls
m Millionaires of Medicare: Top-Paid Doctors Say Payments Reasonable
b Wall Street trades up as US inflation data lift dollar, Treasury yields
m Babies Born to Healthy Moms are Universally Similar in Size
m 1 in 25 patients sickened by hospital infections
e Stars shine at 2014 Billboard Music Awards
t Apple sends email offering to refund in-app purchases
b Trade in your Call of Duty for diapers
b Trade-Ideas: Intel (INTC) Is Today's Post-Market Leader Stock
e Mad Men Season 7, Episode 7 Recap: Don't Be So Cynical
e New York's Met Opera, unions extend talks for 72 hours, lockout delayed
b Hong Kong Exchange's Chief Li Urges Reform
e She's baaaack: Rosie O'Donnell set to rejoin 'The View'
e Human Rights Campaign Calls for Sony Pictures, Others to Boycott Beverly Hills  ...
e Whitney Houston, Bobby Brown Biopic Directed By Angela Basset: Music, Drugs  ...
e Jon Favreau On His New Movie 'Chef', Rules Out A Tinder-Fueled Swingers  ...
e 'True Detective' Season 2: Nic Pizzolatto Reveals New "Psychosphere"
e Snooki Announces Gender of Second Baby
t Prototype virtual reality headset revealed by Sony
e Late-Night Hosts React To Colbert Replacing Letterman
e Johnny Depp gets subpoena for murder trial at film premiere: report
t Xbox Live 0X8004804E error nothing to do with Titanfall says Microsoft
t China's Alibaba Group aiming to raise $1billion in IPO
t Samsung confirms the Galaxy S5 mini
b Eurosceptic parties cause 'earthquake' in EU polls
t MSFT – Is the New Surface Pro 3 Tablet a Game-Changer?
e 'Fifty Shades of Grey' star Jamie Dornan will get your motor running in new photo
e April 24, 2014 in Film // Review: Transcendence (Pfister, 2014)
b Slower trading of debt, foreign exchange reduce revenues, earnings at Deutsche  ...
e Game Of Thrones 'Has Made Fantasy Cool Again'
b SF flight had near miss in New Jersey
e 'The Voice' crowns Josh Kaufman sixth-season champion, beating Jake  ...
e Castle TV show. Nathan Fillion true personality. He is sexy Richard Castle
e 'Mad Men' creator Matthew Weiner says final season will have major characters  ...
b Dow Jones crests 17000 for first time
e Netflix Rebooting Childhood Favorite 'The Magic School Bus'
e Rick Ross arrested after concert in Greensboro
t Support for Windows XP ends, State computers at risk
b Ronald McDonald Endorses Taco Bell Breakfast
e Rooney family ends dispute, agrees to bury actor at Hollywood Forever
e Frances Bean Cobain Calls Out Lana Del Rey: Don't Glamorize Death
t Google Glass launches in the UK: Explorer scheme is now open to British adults  ...
b China blocks shipping group with Swiss firm
e 6 Reunions That Could've (And Should've) Happened At The Met Gala Last Night!
m Gay Men Clash Over HIV Prevention Pill
e Footage emerges showing Rolf Harris and Jimmy Savile joking 'we go back a  ...
t Robot Furniture Transforms to Fit Your Needs
t Mitsubishi recalls Lancer sedans with Takata air bags
b Buffett's Bad Advice
t Frankenstein science: MIT brings together worlds of the living and non-living
e Wednesday marks five years since the death of Michael Jackson
b Utilities eye more non-nuclear power output
b Another Atlantic City casino closes: Caesars Showboat
t Online Journalism Is Suffering Print's Fate
b Premarket: Euro falls, stocks rise on ECB stimulus bet
e Scotty McCreery, friends held at gunpoint in home-invasion robbery
b Microsoft Rising: FYQ3 Rev, EPS Beat; Cloud Revenue Doubles
t Senate probes GM supplier; new recall underway
t Russian and U.S. astronauts blast off for ISS, leaving political turmoil behind for  ...
e Rolf Harris is found guilty of sex attacks
e Transcript columnist Baker helps bring Young's PonoMusic to market
e Barbara Walters says goodbye in her own unfiltered way
b What Taxpayers Should Do if They Missed the April 15 Deadline
b Pfizer mulls $100 billion bid for AstraZeneca: Report
b Philips to Spin Off LED Parts Business
m Mums-to-be drinking too much, new study reveals
e Watch Morgan Freeman on Helium [VIDEO]
b Boeing Results Get Boost From Increase in Commercial Jet Production
e Kim Kardashian's wedding dress predictions
m Florida MERS patient recovers
t GM CEO records video messages in bid to reassure owners of recalled cars
t Dr. Dre To Become First Billionaire In Hip-Hop Industry Following Apple-Beats  ...
t Apple-Samsung Jurors Say Google's Role Intriguing, but Didn't Determine  ...
b Medtronic to buy Covidien for $42.9 billion
t Sudden goverment official visits at Microsoft's factories in China
m Irish health spending one of the lowest in western Europe, consultants among  ...
e See the Tension-Filled 'Hunger Games: Mockingjay' Teaser Trailer
t Bacon on demand: You asked, we drew your dream emoji
t Google Buys Songza, Will Blend Streaming Music Service With Google Play
t Sony Once Offered To Help Bring Titanfall To PS Vita
e US poet Maya Angelou dies at 86
m Company recalls 4K lbs of beef due to mad cow fear
b Whitbread shares edge higher on strong first half results
t At Apple, What's Old Is New Again
e Oscar Winner Lupita Nyong'o Named Most Beautiful Woman
b Existing home sales up 4.9%; best gain since '11
e What Are Justin Bieber And Chris Brown Up To Now?
b Dollar Tree Rating Lowered to Neutral at Credit Suisse (DLTR)
m One more death reported in Jordan due to MERS
t Engaging the unengaged in climate change
e Animal Welfare Activists Picket Liam Neeson's Home Over New York City Horse  ...
e Sherri Shepherd says she's leaving ABC's daytime talk show 'The View' after...
e Capsule Movie Reviews (May 7): 'Chef' and five more
e Snow White and the Huntsman is getting a Kristen Stewart-less sequel
m Being called fat ups girls' obesity risk
t Apple iPhone 5 battery replacement program underway: Here's what you should  ...
e The Temperance Movement Hope To Meet Rolling Stones During Tour
b VIDEO: Will Chaori default spell reform for China's debt markets?
b IPO Calendar 2014: King Digital Entertainment Among This Week's 10 IPOs
e Miley Cyrus To Remain Hospitalized
e 5 myths about Easter
m Get out for National Walking Day
b Sales of new homes rise in May at fastest rate in 6 years
e Alexander Wang x H&M Collaboration Has Been Revealed!
b Stocks: Market manages tiny gains, ends week lower
e Is Miranda Lambert Ready For Babies?
e Ice Cube Defends Comments Against MTV Movie Awards For Honoring Paul  ...
t Toyota to Pay $1.2 Bil. In Criminal Investigation
t 'Cosmos' Reboot Features Unlikely Tandem Of Neil DeGrasse Tyson And Seth  ...
b Yahoo Japan cancels $3.2 billion plan to buy eAccess
e Drake causes priceless Blake Griffin reaction at ESPYs
b Most uninsured aren't aware of ACA deadline
b Gasoline Prices Remain Steady
b Medical-device maker Medtronic in talks to buy Irish rival Covidien
t Watch Dogs PR stunt goes wrong – Bomb squad called
t Launch of new Russian space rocket aborted
e BWW Interviews: SHARKNADO 2 Stars Talk About Favorite Kills, Filming in New  ...
m Health officials warning to protect yourself against ticks
e Iranian Fans Arrested For 'Happy' Video, All Released Except Director
t Galaxy Note 2 Android Kit Kat 4.4.2 Firmware Upgrade Available In India
e Justin Bieber's robbery case rejected
e Dozens of Boston Concertgoers Recieve Medical Treatment
m Autism Speaks C-Founder Bob Wright says CDC report shows need for more  ...
b Westinghouse's data stolen despite big deal with China
b Alibaba to file for US initial public offering
b Shoppers feeling pinch of pig virus
b 'Rice Theory' Explains North-South China Cultural Differences
e Justin Bieber Is Done with Tattoos … for Now!
b Californians increase water usage amid drought
t US web companies press demand for net neutrality with FCC
b Fox to raise Time Warner bid
t Gay rights and the graham cracker theory
b Alibaba heading to New York for market debut
t Apple's Beta Seed Program brings beta versions of OS X to public -- is that a bad  ...
e New Trailer for Season Four of Game of Thrones is Easily the Best Yet
t Twitter Web Profile Design Goes #Facebook
b ECB's Hansson says ready to act if inflation misses
t Four short links: 31 July 2014
b McDonald's 1st-quarter profit slips as sales remain weak
t Microsoft: Multilingual translation beta Skype will be released later this year
b Sector movers: Travel stocks drop on Air France profit warning
e Hot Couple Alert: Sofia Vergara Is Reportedly Dating Joe Manganiello
b Fed Slows Pace Of Bond Buying, Keeps Rates Steady — For Now
m Miracle! Comatose woman in Santa Cruz gives birth to healthy baby
e Coachella 2014: Dum Dum Girls rock Outdoor Theatre
b McDonald's shareholders gripe at annual meeting
t Heartbleed virus: NSA responsible for reporting security flaw
e Angelina Jolie receives honorary damehood from The Queen
m I Brake for Humpbacks, West Nile Season, the Chillest Commute Ever
t AT&T eyes more super-fast Internet
e Candace Cameron Bure's DWTS Blog: I'm Working on My Confidence
b Barclays fined 26 million pounds for gold price setting failures
b 10 Nigerians Hospitalized Following Gang Attack in South Africa--President
t Apple may refund 400M USD in digital book settlement
b India's CPI eases to 7.31 pct in June
b Tiffany & Co. (TIF) Issues FY15 Earnings Guidance
b Today's Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, Nasdaq, S&P 500 stock market  ...
t Heartbleed Should Motivate You to Get a Password Manager
e Go Behind the Scenes With Neil Patrick Harris on Broadway
t Play: Blizzard's easy-going collectible card game, Hearthstone
m FDA warns against using numbing medications to soothe teething pain
m FDA Proposes Extending Oversight of Tobacco, E-Cigarettes
t Samsung Unveils Wristband That Can Measure Health, Fitness
e No Bradley Cooper? No Problem: Jimmy Kimmel And The Clintons Snap Rival  ...
b UPDATE 2-China c.bank tells banks to quicken mortgage lending-sources
b Study: US manufacturers gain as rising wages and energy costs erode China's  ...
e Presented without comment: Charlie Sheen drunk in a Taco Bell carpark
t Google: End of Nexus brand is 'totally wrong conclusion to make'
b Libya parliament ousts Prime Minister Ali Zeidan: MPs
m Praying for Jim Kelly
b The CEO of your company just got a huge raise. You didn't. Here's why.
e Pope Francis cancels meeting with Noah team
b Urban Outfitters Earnings: Mainline Brand Remains A Concern While Free  ...
m Weekly consumption of energy drinks linked to negative behaviour in teens
b Twilight if unions dent fragile economy
m Ebola Spreads from Guinea to Liberia
t Apple's Recent Hires Might Point to an iWatch
e Cinema Is Dead, For This Generation At Least, Claims Quentin Tarantino
t Delta II scrubs OCO-2 launch from Vandenberg
e Justin Bieber Shares Selfie From Bed After Plea Deal Report
m McCaskill Scolds Dr. Oz At Hearing On Weight-Loss Scams
m US Homes Ditch Landlines for Cell Phones
e X-Men: Days of Future Past is a mind-blowing thrill ride of a movie
t With Galaxy S5, Samsung Proves Less Can Be More
t Extend your Galaxy S5's battery life with 5900mAh Mugen battery
t Lunar eclipse to fill the sky, but storms might block our view
t Project Morpheus
b Can 'Water Witches' Help Solve The California Drought?
b China reports new satellite image of possible plane debris in southern Indian  ...
e Keri Russell: Andy Serkis 'unbelievable'
e Arab Christians, pilgrims mark Good Friday in Jerusalem
m Tiny kidney machine saves babies
t Amazon plans to foray into smartphone market this year
e Lands' End to start trading as public company
t Google hopes to debunk 10 Glass myths
e What If Jesus Did Have a Wife? Many Just Won't Believe It
b Nearly half of unemployed have stopped looking for work
m Counihan departing Access Health CT
m Oscar Trial Resumes: No Mental Disorder
b Nikkei: Apple In Talks To Buy Renesas Electronics' Stake In Chip Design Unit
t US authorities seize GameOver Zeus botnet
e ET Investigates Gun Death of Michael Jace's Wife
m Potential Stroke Risk For Prehypertensive Patients
m Temporary freedom for diabetics with 'bionic pancreas'
e Chinese Ming-era 'chicken cup' sells for record $38.5 million
e Charlie Watts performs in Perth
e Pharrell Williams Joins "The Voice"
t Lenovo Unveils Two Chromebooks
b US stocks fall on concerns about Ukraine
b Roche Buys Seragon for Up to $1.7 Billion to Gain Cancer Drugs
e Kim Kardashian models same black cutout bikini as sister Kylie in sexy selfie
b Alibaba Builds With Big Investments Ahead of IPO
e Game of Thrones author George RR Martin says 'f*** you' to fans who fear he will  ...
b Samsung's 1Q profit falls 4 percent as declining smartphone prices pose challenge
e PHOTOS: 49th Annual Academy of Country Music Awards
t A Decade After the ITunes Revolution, Apple Needs Beats' Musical Gurus
t Samsung scientists make breakthrough in graphene technology, company says
m Bariatric Surgery Tied to Drop in Uterine Cancer Risk
b Bye bye Nokia
m Can Alzheimer's Be Predicted By a Simple Blood Test?
t Curiosity Completes 'Windjana' Drilling, Analysis Underway As Mars Rover  ...
t Jury concludes Samsung, Apple both infringed patents
m Sen. Durbin calls for e-cig marketing regulations
t Adidas Will Soon Let You Print Instagram Pics on Your Sneakers
b Toyota Motor Corp share price down, reaches a 1.2-billion-dollar settlement on  ...
e Donnie Wahlberg Jenny McCarthy Engaged: A&E's 'The Wahlburgers' Star  ...
t Osmo app re-connects real toys with iPad game
b Jeep's Robust Performance Raises Hopes for Achieving Sales Goals
t Dual-SIM Samsung Galaxy S5 introduced in China, rolling out April 11
b Job growth slowed down in July, but new jobs still topped 200000
e Mila Kunis 'pregnant with first child'
e SEX TAPE: Do You Know What 'Cloud' is?
b Canada's LNG export industry could benefit from the “Ukrainian Crisis”
e Kimye take to mountain bikes to escape in Ireland
b Tokyo stocks jump on rosy China manufacturing data
t You're It: Twitter Adds Tagging, Following Facebook And Instagram
b IBM Sings Hardware Blues With Q1 Profit Slip
e Beyoncé & Jay Z Kick Off “On The Run” Tour
b Wal-Mart Moves to Undercut Prices in the Organics Market
e 22 Jump Street tops US box office
t Apple announces OS X Yosemite and iOS 8 with hints of a wearable device
e How Michael Jackson's legacy lives on 5 years after his death
t A disappointing meteor shower
m Brain Changes Suggest Autism Starts In The Womb
b Zebra Technologies to purchase Motorola Solutions' enterprise business
m Cornyn Calls for 'Emergency' Hearings to Investigate VA Waiting List
b Zillow rises on Trulia acquisition
m FDA Approves Inhaled Diabetes Medication, Afrezza
m Category: Health and Fitness
m DNA Test May Reveal Risk of Prostate Cancer's Return
b China's Alibaba embarks on US IPO journey
e Miley Cyrus's giant inflatable penis at GAY: 10 astonishing pictures
e Dale! Pitbull represents all Latinos at MTV's VMAs
t US announces $1.2bnToyota settlement
e Brittny Gastineau Spotted With A Black Eye – What Happened?!
b Mine gas alert 'days before fire'
e Selena's parents "tolerating" Justin
e New Zac Efron 'Neighbors' Movie Got Mostly Positive Reviews From Top Critics
e Jennifer Lopez, Versace lead Paris' haute couture revival
m Rising Carbon Dioxide Levels Could Strip Some Foods of Key Nutrients
e This Week's UK Top 20 Xbox Charts
e Which Major "Game of Thrones" Character Died on Sunday Night?
e Spike Lee Talks About Directing Eminem's Upcoming Music Video For  ...
b Deals of the day: Pure Storage raises $250 million
b New Medicare Advantage Rates Preserve Insurance Industry Subsidies...Again
t Ralph Lauren Debuts "Smart Shirt" at the U.S. Open
b BNP Paribas has 'ample' funding to pay US fine
t Samsung launches 8.4″ and 10.5″ Galaxy Tab S
e Jack's back
t NASA discovers "Earth-like" planet 500 light-years away
e Advanced Ticket Sales for Seth Rogen's 'Neighbors' Soar
t iPhone 5s Price Drop: Walmart Marks Down Current Apple Devices Ahead Of  ...
b Euro softens versus dollar, yen in New York
t Voice is not enough: Motion is key to Android Wear
e Recap: Wonderfully weird 'Fargo' finale proves the show excels as its own thing
t The cost of gambling on climate change
t Google Play gets an update, holds 1.5M apps
t Earth Hour: UN to go dark globally, raising awareness on energy consumption  ...
m New Hepatitis C Treatment Cures 90 Percent of Patients with Liver Cirrhosis
t GM's CEO Barra at Congressional hearing: America remembers GM's stimulus  ...
m AstraZeneca unveils positive results for major new cancer treatments
t Report: Samsung readying high-end metal 'Galaxy Alpha' to battle iPhone 6
b Allergan sues Valeant, claims fraud in buy attempt (Update)
b Pfizer backs away from hostile bid for AstraZeneca
b EUROPE MARKETS: AstraZeneca Bruises Stoxx 600 After Rejecting Pfizer
e Tributes to all-American star Mickey Rooney
e North Korea replaces defence minister
e Like a streak of light, The Amazing Spider-Man 2 arrives as UK No. 1
b Fruit, vegetable prices push March retail inflation to 8.31 pc
e Andrew Garfield keeps his distance from Hollywood
m Link seen between sitting and certain cancers
t Twitter says Tweetdeck back online after hack, takedown
t Viber 4.2 Gets an iOS7 Makeover, Comes to BlackBerry 10 For the First Time
e Lubbock Chamber of Commerce hosts Cinco de Mayo luncheon
b The Effect of Winter Weather on Home Sales: Ritholtz Chart
e Miley tackling Beatles classic
e Halle Berry's 'Extant': Should you watch?
t Wingspan of the largest bird in history revealed by new scientific study
t Twitter Introducing a New Profile Design
e James Franco explains nearly nude photos, and more news to note
m Brisk Walking Boosts Physical and Mental Symptoms in Parkinson's Disease  ...
m New Study Finds Lack of Sleep Can Lead to Childhood Obesity
e Report: 'Star Wars: Episode VII' Adds Christina Chong
m Sunscreens deliver protection, but not as promised
b Facebook earnings leaves analysts' expectations in the dust
m 'Bionic Eye' Implant Restores Blind Man's Vision; One Of The First Users Of FDA  ...
b HTC enjoys quarterly profit thanks to cost cutting, new handset
e Rep: Chris Hemsworth and Elsa Pataky Welcome Twin Boys
e Nadine Gordimer, novelist who challenged apartheid, dead at 90
e Let Us Pray the Potato Salad Kickstarter is Not the Start of a Trend
e Dina Lohan pleads guilty to DUI
b Mt. Gox faced 150000 attacks per second: Report
e BANG Showbiz The West Australian May 7, 2014, 8:55 am
e Dancing with the Stars Results 2014 Reveals DWTS Elimination Tonight 5/12
b IMF lowers estimate of US economic growth to 2% for 2014
b Everything you need to know about the new Amazon Fire
m Fitbit Offering Full Refunds: Wristbands Cause Skin Irritation
t Novartis Google to develop smart contact lens
b US Companies Send Letter of Support Over EPA's New Carbon Standard
t Beats Unveils Its 1st Wireless Earphones
e 'Saturday Night Live' Season 40: New Cast Member Brooks Wheelan Fired  ...
b SYMC Stock: Symantec Doesn't Look Secure
e Rolling Stones' Down Under gigs set to be rescheduled to late 2014
t Samsung exec: Galaxy S5 should outsell Galaxy S4, Tizen phone in Q2
b Hundreds of New Objects Spotted in Search for Missing Plane, but Search Cut  ...
e Ibisch Column: Bible predicts spring will come
e Shailene Woodley: I'm 'So Self-Conscious About Being Skinny'
e Front Row at Chanel Couture
m Self-Managed Hypertension Beneficial at High-Risk
m Ebola Virus in Africa Outbreak is a New Strain
e Eve Weds British Entrepreneur Maximillion Cooper
e Kim Kardashian Wardrobe Slip-up: Shows Nipple Through Sheer Top
e Thor's thunder stolen, Marvel effects a sex change
m Norovirus: Far More Likely To Come From Restaurant Than Cruise Ship
t French Company Iliad Wants To Enter US Market With $15B Offer For T-Mobile
e UN envoy claims Israel tried to bar him from pre-Easter rites
b Merck & Co sells consumer unit to Bayer for $14 billion
e Jay Z and Beyonce's On The Run trailer has more stars than a Hollywood  ...
b Satellite Company Offers Tracking After Malaysia Plane's Loss
e Orlando Bloom and Selena Gomez spotted together after concert
b European car sales grow for sixth consecutive month
t Google Glass available Tuesday
t Apple Gains After Hours and Lorillard Tumbles
b Marching against Monsanto
t How to Create Nanowires Only Three Atoms Wide with an Electron Beam
b Europe gets set to take a stand against Russia
t Samsung Galaxy K leaks in images ahead of announcement
t Shrinking Dinosaurs Evolved into Flying Birds
b Texas Has Lured Toyota Away from California and New York City
b Miliband: Govt 'cheerleading' AstraZeneca takeover bid
t The Term 'Free-To-Play' Might Be On Its Way Out
b No Twitter-Like Leap, But Weibo Pops 13% In IPO Debut
b Taste Testing The ENTIRE Taco Bell Breakfast Menu
e Cameron Diaz on Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin split: 'They both worked  ...
t Watch, Hear, and Re-live the Big Atari Dig as it Happened
e 'Scandal' star Columbus Short arrested on felony battery charge
t now Samsung Galaxy S3 Neo listed on company's website
e Miley Cyrus's tour bus bursts into flames; no one hurt
b How Target's new CEO, Cornell, can succeed as an outsider
b Fiat Chrysler's 5-year strategic plan ready to roll
b 'Candy Crush' crushed in public debut
e Celebrities don't deserve press
e Amal Alamuddin's connection to Julian Assange
b Market Hustle: Stocks Moderate Gains as Fund Managers Window Dress at  ...
b Current Mortgage Interest Rates at BB&T Bank on March 21, 2014
t Latest Samsung Galaxy S4 Update Brings Galaxy S5 Features
e Prince Harry congratulates Atlantic rowers
e Guess How Much Money Adam Levine Was Paid To Star In His New Movie  ...
e Kim Jong-Un Calls New Seth Rogen and James Franco Movie an "Act of War"
m Strollin' Colon raises colon cancer awareness
b US home construction drops 9.3 percent in June
e Miss USA Nia Sanchez Controversy: Miss Nevada Slams Allegations That She  ...
b GM Recall Hits Profit, But It And Delphi Still Beat
t A Virtual Race between Sony (NYSE: SNE) and Facebook's (NASDAQ: FB) Oculus
t Internet For the 1 Percent: New FCC Rules Strike Down Net Neutrality, Opening  ...
t Watch Dogs review round-up – can it live up to expectations?
t Texas Weekly Gas Price Update and Outlook
e Charlie Sheen Thinks Rihanna Is An Ungrateful Idiot
b Iraq pushes oil prices to highest in nine months
t Tech Talk: What The Future of Smart-Car's Means to Car Ownership According  ...
b ECB: Banking system stress has eased further as banking union preparations  ...
t Samsung Galaxy Core Mini 4G Announced In China
b Five-Year Note Auction Attracts Slightly Above Average Demand
e Dutch girl arrested after tweeting terror threat to American Airlines, garners copycat
e Stop Calling Lea Michele's New Boyfriend A Gigolo! Technically — He's A  ...
b Forex Market: USD/MXN daily forecast
m Warning issued in Sarasota over 'flesh-eating' bacteria
m 'Fed Up' sums up obesity epidemic in one word: sugar
b Dollar Tree Buys Family Dollar for $74.50 a Share
t 'Watch Dogs' review: It's about the gameplay, not the graphics
t Huawei Launches Ascend P7 Based on Custom HiSilicon SoC
b Average US 30-year mortgage rate falls to 4.27 percent
e “Mad Men” recap: Anything left behind
t How To Make Your Own #Cardboard VR Goggles
m Lost sleep could cause 'permanent damage to brain cells' scientists warn
e Mark Wahlberg gets slimed at Kids' Choice Awards
t Global Warming a Threat to Human Security, Says UN Science Report
m FDA backpedals on spent-grain proposal after brewers voice opposition
e 'The Hunger Games: Catching Fire' top winner at MTV Movie Awards
t Microsoft's Surface Pro 3 may appear at event next week
t Oracle wins big appeals court ruling against Google in software copyright case
e MTV Movie Awards 2014: Josh Hutcherson, Sam Claflin honor Philip Seymour  ...
b Geithner pulls back curtain, shows human side of leaders who fought financial  ...
b UPDATE 2-Libya declares oil crisis over after state reclaims ports
e Celeb splits that shocked fans
e Bachelorette Contestant Eric Hill Dies in Paragliding Accident
t Facebook Manipulated Emotions of Users
e VMAs returning to LA this summer; trying out the renovated 'Fabulous Forum'
b Longest winning streak in six months
e Shia LaBeouf in rehab for alcoholism
e Are Orlando Bloom and Selena Gomez a thing?
t It's showtime for May Camelopardalids meteor shower!
t Official Flappy Bird Coming Back to Infuriate World
e Wayne Coyne And Miley Cyrus Pay Tribute To Singerâ€™s Late Pooch Floyd  ...
t Yahoo Gets To Keep More Of Its Stake In Alibaba
e Christians Rediscovering Passover
m Flu drug research leads to appeals for review
b Buffing up: Alibaba pumps S$312.5m into SingPost
e Coldplay Premiere New Video For “Magic”
e Simon Kinberg on X-Men: Days of Future Past, The Fantastic Four Reboot, and  ...
m Scott Walker's staff scoffs at report pushing health care expansion
t Uber teams up with Tesla in Shanghai
e 'Game of Thrones', NBA Spoof Bound to Be a Hit Again [VIDEO]
t T-Mobile's Uncarrier 6.0 includes Unradio Along with Free Streaming Music
t Blood moon: A total lunar eclipse viewer's guide
e Lorde bans beer cans at Las Vegas gig
b Chinese stimulus hitting the bloodstream, manufacturing data shows
e AC/DC guitarist Malcolm Young sick, band may have to call it quits, reports says
b Raise the gas tax: Our view
e Draft Day review: Kevin Costner brings the heart and emotion in this football flick
b HIGHLIGHTS-Draghi comments at ECB news conference
e 'How to Train Your Dragon 2' a success of monster proportions
t Oldest human faeces PRRROOOve Neanderthals were vegetarians
e First Look: Image Of Cast And Filmmakers Of NWA Biopic 'Straight Outta Compton'
m Scientists Pave The Way For Possible Alzheimer's Blood Test
e Capitol weakness exposed in new Mockingjay teaser (VIDEO)
e Happy Birthday, Mariah Carey! Let's Celebrate With Her Top 10 Diva Moments
e Tupac Broadway Musical "Holler If You Hear Me" To End After Just Six Weeks
m USDA overhauls decades-old poultry inspections
e 'Mr. Peabody' top dog at box office, revs past 'Speed,' '300′
e Sideshow: Kiefer Sutherland? He's no Jack Bauer, says costar
e 'Amazing Spider-Man 2' star Emma Stone stuns Jimmy Fallon in lip-sync battle  ...
b The Market Likes Google's Results -- Here's Why
t Intel hooks up with Rockchip to sell more low-end Android tablets
e Mad Men Recap in 10 GIFs: The Monolith
e Fox Schedule Analysis: Net Delivers on Necessary Changes
b Assault Rifles Pile Up as Gun Law Inaction Crimps Makers
t HTC One M8 Hands-On: Come For The Styling, Stay For The Warranty
e Beyonce, Jay Z Shutter Divorce Rumors with VMA Kiss
e Macy's Fireworks' Return To East River Has NYC Excited For 4th Of July
e All the world's a stage: Shakespeare's Globe launches 'Hamlet' tour to every  ...
t Sony to stop selling PSP
b Briefcase
e Jena Irene "Bring Me To Life" by Evanescence on American Idol Top 9 [VIDEO]
e Caleb Johnson sings 'Dazed And Confused' on American Idol Top 9
b Adobe second quarter results beat estimates
e Big Brother 16 Live Feeds: Week 1 Tuesday Night Highlights
t Amazon Prime coming to Android at last!
b Japan Exports Plunge to Record Levels
b Analysis: Russia deeply linked to Obama priorities
t California Senate Passes Bill For Smartphone Kill Switch
e The SXSW 2014 Bands You Need to Hear, AZ
m Low-Dose Aspirin May Reduce Pancreatic Cancer Risk, Says Study
m Soda ban in New York City goes too far, court rules
b February Pending Home Sales Continue Slide
b Don't Read Too Much Into Twitter's Post-Lockup Swoon
t What you missed at Cisco Live 2014
t Domino's Pizza hackers demand £24000 in return for stolen details
b Corporate Makeover? Job Killer Barclays Axes 14000 in Search of Returns
b Payday loans can cost more in fees than original amount
b Brent Crude Prices At pre-Iraq Crisis Levels
t Google Glass is helping doctors with dermatology research
t Astronauts Bring World Cup Competition To International Space Station
t Apple Has A New Ad That Teases Samsung And Other Companies That Copy  ...
e Kim Kardashian Flaunt Her Assets in Form-Fitting Outfit in Paris
e If only 'Legend of Oz' had depth, or good animation, or a decent ending
b EUROPE MARKETS: Draghi Comments Spark A Rally For Europe Stocks
t Facebook COO Apologizes for Experimenting on Users Poorly Communicating  ...
m Study: Handshakes spread 10 times more bacteria than fist bumps
e Channing Tatum Talks Loving Gambit
m State of Minnesota Washes Hands of Disinfectant Triclosan
b Amazon announces the Fire Phone
t DVF x Google Glass
e Robin Williams Is Back In Rehab To "Focus" On His Sobriety
e Time Remaining: 0 Days
e Jennifer Aniston, Justin Theroux Don't Want a Wedding? Couple Reportedly  ...
m Study has shocking data about sitting, thinking
m WHO says MERS virus outbreak of concern before hajj
t Apple sued over iMessage texting snafu
e Fleetwood Mac returns - with Chr…
t IBM rolls out new security suite, services as Target CEO's head rolls
e Emma Stone loves Andrew Garfield ''very much''.
b AbbVie Says a Proposed Merger With Shire Was Rejected
e The real Stephen Colbert
e Charlie Sheen Blasts Rihanna In Twitter Rant After She Reportedly Snubs Him  ...
b Outrage Over Turkey's Twitter Block
m Samsung Chairman in 'Stable Condition' After Heart Attack
b Geithner Memoir: I Repeatedly Offered to Resign From Treasury
e Big-Game-Hunting Cheerleader Under Fire
b Japan only major advanced economy to have IMF growth estimate cut
e Stallone, Schwarzenegger Take Cannes Back to Action Hero Glory Days
e Thai junta says ex-PM Yingluck released
b US futures fall in wake of Friday selloff
e Watch: First teaser trailer for 'The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1'
t COSMOS Then and Now
m E-cigs are a danger to young people
b Energy Officials Downgrade Estimate of Recoverable Shale Oil in Monterey  ...
t Chrysler ignition complaints prompt federal investigations
b IPO Preview: Mobileye N.V. (MBLY)
e The Walking Dead Season 4 Finale: Is the New Poster Hinting at the Arrival of  ...
m MLB unveils pink baseballs for Mother's Day, changes stance on pink bat  ...
b Hacking won't scare U.S. companies out of China
e Idina Menzel has forgiven John Travolta
e KISS Founder Denies Charge of Anti-Semitism From Former Bandmate
t Google I/O 2014 Things You've Missed: Android L, Android Wear, Google  ...
e Chris Brown Shocks Fans With 2014 BET Awards Performance Of 'Loyal'
e What Everyone Said About 'Sharknado 2' On Twitter Tonight
t Toyota Prices Its Hydrogen Green Machine
m Blood test may reveal risk of suicide, researchers say
e Last Lap: What's Chris Brown Saying From Jail?
b State healthcare exchange has signed up 150000 people so far
t House Judiciary Takes Measured View of AT&T/DirecTV
e Here's Why Kim Kardashian's <i>Vogue</i> Cover Is Selling So Well
t Five Features We Wish Apple Had Added to iOS 8
t VIDEO: Unboxing the Samsung Gear Live
b The Stock Market, In 6 Charts
e Taylor Swift Celebrates the Fourth of July With Her Large Group Of Besties
e Courtney Love and Dave Grohlbury the hatchet at Hall ofFame
m Longtime Apple director steps down from board
e Wait... Was The Hippie Commune On Last Night's 'Mad Men' Don's Childhood  ...
e Gwyneth Paltrow, Chris Martin Split: A Look Back at Their Recent Joint  ...
b Navy to unveil railgun in San Diego
t Mozilla Petitions the FCC with a Net Neutrality Plan of its Own
m Ebola virus: What can stop killer's spread?
t HTC One Mini 2
m New Efforts to Hasten tPA for Strokes, Heart Attacks
b Japan, fresh from Australia pact, says US trade talks 'difficult'
b Model X Makes Tesla Motors Inc Look More Like A Real Car Maker
b Botox maker Allergan ready to take Valeant offer to shareholders
t US announces $1.2 billion Toyota settlement
e Channing Tatum Talks Potential Gambit Role
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 set to release on September 3
t Smartphone industry commits to anti-theft measures in US
t Ohio gas prices steady
b Doom-mongers who claimed public spending would stunt economic growth  ...
e Sorrow, solidarity after California rampage
e 'Glee': Final season, loving tribute
m US doctors eradicate cancer with measles vaccine
b Chrysler to drop Dodge minivan, revamp brands
t More 'Google Play Fitness' details leak out ahead of Google I/O
t From ColumbusAlive.com
e Today's Market: Amazon Delivering Hit After Hit
t Retail Intelligence as a Service?
t Photogenic Moto 360 watch to be just as customizable as the Moto G
b Ford said to name Paramus resident Mark Fields next CEO
t Apple Now Accepting iPads for Trade-in
e Nickelodeon's 27th annual Kids' Choice Awards held at USC Galen Center in  ...
e Fireworks now on sale in Dublin
t Japan, Australia Await Hague Verdict on Whaling
e Hollywood actor, Michael Jace, arrested for shooting and killing wife
b Nearly 1.4 million Californians enroll in health insurance exchange
b Quiznos bankruptcy, an opportunity for rebranding
t Your Internet security relies on a few volunteers
e Home»News»Entertainment»'The Flick,' a play set in a movie house by Annie  ...
t Smoke on space station traced to water heater
t Microsoft announces Lumia 930 goes on sale in France this week
t Windows Phone 8.1 Rollout Just Days Away?
b Watch: Dubai launches Mall of the World plan
b Obamacare Enrollment Continues To Surge As 5 Million Americans Have Now  ...
e '50 Shades Of Grey' Movie News: First Photo Of Christian Grey Released Before  ...
b Malaysian plane search spreads through Australia-sized zone
e Q&A: Robert De Niro Admits He Hasn't Seen Any of Tribeca's Films This Year
e True Blood Season 7 Spoilers, Preview: Sookie and Bill in the Spotlight
b Netanyahu Expresses Concerns Over Iranian Nuclear Energy Program
m Air pollution kills 7 million a year - WHO
t What CEOs are saying at LinkedIn, Twitter, Sony, Amazon, T-Mobile: 7 things
e A Woman Filmed Her Abortion to Show That 'It's Not Scary'
e Khloe Kardashian Snatches The Style Crown From Kourtney, Kendall & Kylie In  ...
t US gives up its last bit of control over the internet – but really, it's just a PR stunt
e The Green Goblin is Ready for His Close Up
e Foo Fighters announce album, HBO series plans
e Transformers stars excited to work with Michael Bay
t Comcast Today: Netflix CEO Criticizes Comcast's Hold on the Internet
t So, Who's Going to Jail For T-Mobile's Crimes?
t March Gas Prices Roar In and Out Like a Lion; Trend Expected to Continue Into  ...
t Motorola and Samsung EU patent abuse cases resolved
e Video of the Day: Lookalikes Will Ferrell and Chad Smith and their drum set  ...
b PGA backs tariff cuts in new Japan free trade deal
e All My Children's Matthew Cowles Dies at 69
m American Doctor Sick With Ebola Now Fighting For His Life
e Designer award named for late L'Wren Scott
b Fed sees October end for monthly bond buying
e Singer Gregg Allman sues to stop movie after train crash
b Deutsche Bank posts 29 percent net profit drop in 2Q as revenue declines
e Movie Clock
e Is it any wonder students turn to porn to pay college costs?
m MERS virus diagnosed in man in Greece
e 'Neighbors' Parties Its Way To The Top Of The Weekend Box Office
e Home WhatsOn ArtsEntertainment Wally Pfister's sci-fi Transcendence like a  ...
t This week's cinema times
b Morgan Stanley Smith Barney settles CFTC charges
b Spanish inflation shock flags euro deflation risks
m WHO issues Ebola alert
e “22 Jump Street” Prevails In Box Office Battle
e Coachella 2014: Bold Predictions for Weekend Two
t Google Glass To Be Available For Single Day Sale In US On April 15
e Hard to be a working mom: Fox
t Google tries to make Gmail NSA-proof
e VIDEO: Arnold Takes On the DEA
e Robin Thicke, Paula Patton Divorce: Singer Admits He has 'No Idea' What He's  ...
e Fast and Furious 7: Paul Walker body doubles may be used to finish film
m FDA's Latest Report on Imported Pet Treats from China Shows Weakness of our  ...
e Ellen 16 Million Condo: Did Ellen DeGeneres Buy A Condo After Kicking Portia  ...
t Intel buys fitness-tracking band maker Basis (Update)
b PRECIOUS-Gold struggles below $1300, hovers near six-week low
e 'The Bachelor' Juan Pablo Spoilers: Clare Crawley 'Lost in the Moment' When  ...
b US STOCKS-Wall St drops as cyclicals weigh; small-caps lag
t Kentucky Afield Outdoors: Make safe boating part of your July 4 holiday  ...
b Coca-Cola Life Is Green, Natural, and Not Good for You
b Legal Settlement With US Over Mortgages, Other Costs Push Bank Of America  ...
b Four Problems Facing the ECB
b Patient Enrollments, Innovation Awards, Appointments, and Promotions - Analyst  ...
t Microsoft to complete Nokia devices and services acquisition on April 25th
e Lady Gaga 'G.U.Y.' video debuts, features Bravo stars Andy Cohen and Beverly  ...
e Selena Gomez Disappointed with Justin Bieber Again, Did Their Fight Cost her a  ...
e Nick Cannon Dons Whiteface Costume, Tells Critics To 'Relax'
e Nick Cannon Outrages Fans With 'White Face' Instagram Photo
t NSA Used Criminal Botnets for Spying on Users
e More X-Men: Days of Future Past Pictures Than You Will Ever Need
t Echo of universe's birth heard from a fraction of second after Big Bang
b Shell profit falls on lower production, higher costs
e Lindsay Lohan: Get Ready For Her Docu-series With The Star's Most Quotable  ...
e 'Snow White' gets sequel minus Kristen Steward
b Automaker unveils 5-year plan
t HTC One M8 Gets “Buy One, Free One” Promotion From Verizon
e Lohan to make stage debut
t GM recalls 7.6M more cars as costs balloon
e Khloe Kardashian Throws Party For 30th Birthday, Celebrates With French  ...
e I wanted to act like a grown-up for once
m California lawmakers kill legislation for soda warning labels
t Intel and Chromebooks, Ever Further From the Old Win-Tel Days
e Alexander Wang to Collaborate With H&M [WATCH]
e Mariah Carey & Nick Cannon Divorce: Singer Says It's 'Too Hot' To Talk
t Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Tablets hitting Stores on May 1st
e Kim Kardashian Wedding Nerves: E! Star Worried Rain Will 'Ruin' Big Day
b Burger King in Talks to Turn Canadian
t Samsung Galaxy S5 review: So close, but yet so far
e Poll: Weigh in on this week's 'Dancing with the Stars'
e Kim Kardashian shares wedding pics
e 'Fargo' series premiere: 'Sherlock's' Martin Freeman got giggles for murder
e Watch: Dwayne Johnson Lays The Smackdown In 'Hercules' Trailer
t Back from the dead: PCs to grow again in 2015
e Paltrow's 'conscious uncoupling' confounds many
m US FDA advisers back MannKind's inhaled diabetes drug
b Malaysia says files were recently deleted from flight simulator of pilot aboard  ...
t Hubble composite image reveals colors of deep space
b Boogie boards and inflatable boats on Sunset Boulevard after water main bursts
b Exxon (XOM) says risks of climate change will not stop fossil fuel sales
b Credit Suisse to pay $885M in mortgage bonds case
b Sterling hits highest since October 2008 as BoE and Fed diverge
b AstraZeneca takeover: business secretary Vince Cable 'open-minded' over  ...
e Stevie Nicks will join the 'The Voice' as an advisor for Adam Levine's team
t Report: Comcast thinking of launching a Wi-Fi-centric wireless service
e VIDEO: Game Of Thrones Is Finally Back!
t Sticker price of Toyota's hydrogen car: ¥7 million
b London Cabbies Hold Uber Regulation Protest
t Russian-Born Malware Attacking Power Plants in United States, Europe
e Miley Cyrus Hospitalised; Forced To Postpone Concerts
t Microsoft Corporation Trims Some Fat
b Monday is deadline to sign up for Obamacare
m UMass Medical School students learn their residencies on Match Day
m Report: Bacteria on planes can live a week or longer
e Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez cuddle in Texas - back together?
t How Wary Should Investors Be of Alibaba's IPO?
b US economy shrinks 2.9%, biggest drop in 5 years
e Arcade Fire, Jay Z, Pharrell, De La Soul Win Webby Awards
b 2 ships collide, cargo ship grounded in Va.
e Beyonce and Jay Z unveil home video wedding footage while performing in Miami
e Zac Efron off the market, dating 'Neighbors' costar Halston Sage
b Stocks fall in midday trading; Amazon sinks
b Wall Street ruffled as Twitter investors fly the coup
t US efforts to protect the honey bee
e The 'Walking Dead' Brain-Dead Move of the Week: A Bad Guy Fails Hostage  ...
e Pono Player detailed at South South West
t Apple earnings: These insiders have the most at stake
b French satellite shows possible MH370 debris
b Alibaba to list in US
b China's JD.com raises $1.8bn in US share sale
e Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice... the internet responds to new title
b Treasury Yields, Copper Rise as S&P 500 Reaches Record
e Zach Braff, Kate Hudson, Donald Faison, Chris Rock Attend 'Wish I Was Here  ...
e News: Gary Oldman, MH370, Burger Joints, James Franco
e Cynthia McFadden Joins NBC as Correspondent
t Microsoft shows off real-time Skype translator
e Lindsay Lohan to make West End stage debut
t Elon Musk Releases Tesla Patents To Fuel Innovation
e Sinister Six Villains Revealed In The Amazing Spider-Man 2 Credits
t Facebook Amps Up Ad Targeting By Gathering Even More User Data
m Medical Marijuana Refugees: 100 Families Journey to Colorado for Life-Saving  ...
e Pharrell Williams, Oprah Interview; 11 Best Moments and Quotes from the Chat  ...
e Kendall Jones Dad Says She's Actually A Humanitarian
b Etihad's new challenge: Fixing loss-making Alitalia
e Should news publishers be sued for linking to copyrighted material?
e Remembering Casey Kasem, Radio's Grooviest Voice
b Indian manufacturing orders hit 90-day high
e A Viewer's Guide to Weekend Movies: May the Indies Save You From Extinction
b Candy Crush Game Maker Aims to Hit $7.6 Billion IPO Sweet Spot
b Biotech selloff could be harbinger Of further decline
b Russia cuts Ukraine's gas
b Stocks tumble on disappointing data
b In the papers: Barclays hit by departure of top US banker
b Yellen to put Fed's leadership on display
e Emma Watson Will Celebrate College Graduation With 'One Hell of a Party'
t Apple agrees to pay $450m settlement in ebook price fixing case
m Gestational diabetes linked to increased risk for heart disease in midlife
b Attorney: Joe McGinniss, author of 'Fatal Vision,' 'Selling of the President,' dies at  ...
e An indisputable ranking of Kevin Costner's sports movies
e Casey Kasem, You've Truly Reached The Stars
b President of Pilot Flying J leaves; Knoxville company is owned by Haslams
m Motorhead fan's brain bleeds from headbanging
b USDA Says SD Winter Wheat Production Expected to Rebound
e Ian McKellen, Ellen Page star in new X-Men: Days of Future Past trailer
t 'SNL' spoofs Mary Barra's testimony
e X-Men Director Bryan Singer Accused of Sexual Abuse of Underage Teen
b So far, so good for Microsoft's Nadella
b Ryanair launches flexible business-class tickets in latest U-turn from no-frills  ...
e Kim Kardashian goes back to blonde
m E-Cigarette Worries Could Mean Tighter Rules
b World leaders must listen to dissenting voices, US says
e Dylan's 'Rolling Stone' lyrics fetch $2M at auction
t Flappy Bird back in August with new functions
e How 'Divergent' Will Prove a Winner For LionsGate (LGF)
t Extra-terrestrial 'tweet-up' links Tokyo with the International Space Station
t Apple Updates MacBook Air; Now Starts At $899 - Quick Facts
m Centenarian death toll is a hospital scandal
e Destiny's Child reunites in Michelle Williams' 'Say Yes'
b China manufacturing growth pick up in June
e Adrienne Bailon WON'T STOP Talking About The Kardashians, But She  ...
e Gillan on 'Oculus' and 'Guardians of the Galaxy'
e Seth MacFarlane sued for stealing 'Ted' idea
m Staggering Autism Increase... From 2009 and The Band Plays On
e Cara Delevingne and Michelle Rodriguez spotted kissing on Mexico vacation
t British space scientist Colin Pillinger hailed as 'a visionary and an inspirational  ...
b South China Sea tensions flare as China presses claims
e BET Awards 2014: 1 shot dead, 1 stabbed at 'unaffiliated' awards parties
b 'Pfizer mulls $100-billion bid for AstraZeneca'
t Microsoft axes jobs, signals new path
e A decade after 'Garden State,' Braff is still a wandering soul
t Rumour: WhatsApp To Offer Free Voice Calling Over Wi-Fi
b Low-budget Ryanair launches business-class - WXOW News 19 La Crosse, WI  ...
e Jimmy Fallon Plays 'Sup' With Channing Tatum, Ice Cube, And Jonah Hill On  ...
e Chris Brown Says No To Reality Television
m FREE SKIN CANCER CAMPAIGN LEAFLET AND POSTERS
e Author Jeanie Okimoto responds to NLB removing her book
e Worship with Kim and the Kardashians
e Columbus Short Of ABC's 'Scandal' Faces Restraining Order
e Trace Adkins - More Problems For Trace Adkins As Wife Files For Divorce
b DoJ Investigates GM On Vehicle Recalls
e Six of the best: musical settings of Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet
e Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez confirm relationship at Chance the Rapper's  ...
e Holy fire draws thousands in Jerusalem
t Google bans porn from its ad network
e Leonardo DiCaprio nominates Harper to do ice bucket challenge
t LG G3 launch as it happened: Live blog and video stream as LG launches Quad  ...
b China Dissatisfied With US Solar Anti-Subsidy Tariffs
e 5 Ways We'll Miss Anna Paquin, Alexander Skarsgard, Stephen Moyer After  ...
b PokerStars goes all-in with $4.9 bln US gamble
t Galaxy Note 3 Neo – Is Anybody Interested in Pink or Red?
e Singer Chris Brown's DC trial delayed for months - ABC-7.com WZVN News for  ...
t Old World monkeys' facial feature differed to stop crossbreeding
e Creep yourself out with Hunger Games: Mockingjay trailer
m Researchers extend liver preservation for transplantation
e Actress Sofia Vergara splits from fiance, releases charming statement
m Walsh says he's '100 percent' behind Menino
e Johnny Weir: Husband Victor Voronov wasn't supportive
t YouTube in talks to buy game streaming service Twitch for $1B
b Amazon´s New Feature: Fill Shopping Cart Via Twitter
m Football Hall of Famer Jim Kelly to Undergo Chemotherapy for Cancer Recurrence
b China expresses "strong dissatisfaction" with US solar tariff
e Wale Tried To Beat A Guy Up At WWE Raw Last Night
t New York Auto Show Shows It All, But Mostly Small
b Alibaba to help US e-tailer launch in China
t Facebook back after global crash
m Doctor exposed to MERS in Florida hospital remained healthy, left Canada
e Fort McHenry marks 'Star-Spangled Banner' 200th anniversary
e REPORT Another clip of Justin Bieber using n-word surfaces
e On #CancelColbert
m Michael Schumacher's Medical Files Have Been Stolen and are Reportedly for  ...
b Wall Street jumps 1% on strong data
m Dublin mosquito traps test positive for West Nile
t Uber now has a very strong Dallas connection as the ride-hailing app pairs with  ...
e Ciara Gives Birth To Baby Boy [Update: Ciara Reveals Baby's Name]
e Conscious uncoupling: Gwyneth Paltrow's split from Chris Martin
t Microsoft finally pulls the plug on Windows XP
m Dogs Sniff Out Prostate Cancer With 98 Percent Accuracy
b Twitter Needs to Monetize You, Even If You're Not on Twitter
b Only one kind of inflation matters
e Keira Knightley, Mark Ruffalo comedy “Begin Again” off to promising start
b New York Times Publisher Takes Media to Task for Abramson Coverage
e The Talker: 'Orange Is the New Black' Season 2 trailer released
m Wife: Jim Kelly will not undergo surgery
b PHH Mortgage Quotes Higher Mortgage Rates Sunday Mar 23
e Harrison Ford injured on 'Star Wars' set in Britain
e Amazing Spider-Man 2 'builds foundation for spinoffs, Sinister Six'
t Xbox One preorders begin in China
b US stocks fall in early trading Tuesday as corporate earnings wind down
b UK unemployment falls to five-year low of 2.2m
m Repeal would let California chefs, bartenders touch food with their bare hands
e Jack White Cuts 'Fastest' Single
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Zoom specs revealed
b US equities open higher, techs strong
e Michael Jackson's Posthumous Album, 'Xscape,' Is a Confused, Shameless  ...
e Steve Martin Signs On For Gay-Themed 'Father Of The Bride 3′
b 08/07/2014More Eurostar trains cancelled after power failure
b DOW finishes at all time high for Fourth of July
e 'Blended' doesn't add anything new to Adam Sandler-Drew Barrymore recipe
t Sprint Chairman Takes Case For T-Mobile Merger To The Public
t Microsoft Releases - A Rollup of Microsoft's Biggest Hits and Flops
e 'Fast & Furious 7′ May Use Body Doubles, CGI for Paul Walker Scenes
b Alibaba sees 66 pct revenue growth in Q4
t // Dr. Dre Says He's The Richest Man In Hip-Hop
t As Patch Tuesday Looms, Microsoft Gives Windows 8.1 Users a Reprieve
b Barclays Layoffs: BCS to Cut 19000 Jobs by 2016
t GM Testing Shows Single Key Safe In Recalled Small Cars
e Game of Thrones Recap: A Reckoning for Tyrion
e Death of German collector complicates quest to reclaim Nazi-looted art
b Murdoch Bids for Time Warner: What You Need to Know
b Genesis shines with 100% solar thermal technology
e NBC 'Happy' to Announce Pharrell Williams as New Coach on The Voice Season 7
e VMA Awards 2014: Beyonce's album medley and Blue Ivy's dance moves  ...
t Facebook user feed experiment outrages users (Video)
e Madonna off the hook for jury duty for the second time
b The Boeing Company (BA) Got a Boost over Airbus Group NV (AIR) With Jet  ...
t Car goes on display up Empire State Building
e Lady Gaga to give keynote at South by Southwest fest
m Pregnant drivers face higher risks for serious motor vehicle crash
e Dir: Ben Falcone. US. 2014. 97mins
e The 10 Weirdest Things That Ever Happened on 'Mighty Morphin Power Rangers'
b Another Rise in Home Prices Comes at a Slower Rate
t Google's Smartwatch and the Rise of Wearables
b Emirates airline delivers huge blow to Airbus
e 'Game of Thrones' Star Kit Harington Will Go Full Frontal If It's 'F#8212;ing Well  ...
t App Watch: FilmOn has much more than broadcast TV
b Japan to relax arms export ban
e When Should Marvel Crossover Guardians of the Galaxy with The Avengers?
m Health Department urges self-reporting after second measles case
t FTC accuses T-Mobile of charging customers for unauthorized premium SMS  ...
b Symantec Fires CEO as PC Slump Curbs Antivirus Sales
b Forex - Japanese yen weaker in Asia as regional data mixed
b Carl Icahn's 80/20 vision of eBay and PayPal
t Net Neutrality is About Consumer Welfare not Corporate Welfare for Netflix
t Jeff Bezos and Amazon make an impressive case for Fire phone
e A very Catskills St. Patrick's Day
b Home Depot says the magic word: 'Robust'
e Paris Hilton Gets Hit By MAJOR Kardashian Shade From Chris Rock At The BET  ...
m Jenny McCarthy ridiculed on Twitter for anti-vaccine views
t NBA players wear Glass to enhance fan experience
e Movie Beat: 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier' more than just explosions
t First Earth-size planet is discovered in another star's habitable zone
t Court declines to hear Microsoft antitrust case
e Miranda Lambert, Blake Shelton WOW at ACM Awards
e Where Do the Real 'Mad Men' and Women of Boston Drink?
e Watch: Chloe Moretz in First Trailer for Antoine Fuqua's 'The Equalizer'
t Yahoo News Digest now on Android & international
b Oil price unchanged amid escalating conflict in Iraq
e Rolf Harris tributes in his hometown 'could be removed'
m Mosquitoes collected in Scotts Bluff County test positive for We - kotanow.com  ...
e “Contemporized” Michael Jackson Outtakes Album XSCAPE Coming In May
b Why OpenTable (OPEN) Stock Hit a One-Year High Today
b FOREX-Dollar pauses after Fed-led surge
b Business confidence sags, says Bank of Japan
e Religion Notes for April 18, 2014
b European Stocks Close Higher
t This Is The Single Biggest Reason Twitter Can't Keep New Users
t Microsoft job cuts in numbers: Impact on Indian operations
t Buying Latest Apps Helps Web Giants Stay Young
m Consumer Alert: 4000 lbs of beef recalled due to mad cow disease risk
t Arctic Snowy Owl Nesting Cam (Video)
b Hackers allege Mt. Gox head controls 'stolen' Bitcoin; fraud committed
m FDA advisers back Exact Sciences colon cancer test
e Supreme Court Weighing the Future of Broadcast TV
b Dollar Rises for Second Day Against Euro After Fed; Yuan Slides
m Suspended animation: Patients could soon be treated while neither dead nor alive
b Yum! Brands Sees Unusually Large Options Volume (YUM)
e NBC cancels Community after five seasons
e Miranda Kerr and Orlando Bloom Getting Back Together? Strictly Platonic, Son  ...
e Robert Downey Jr.'s Son Busted With Cocaine: Cops
b Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Q2 Earnings Preview: Big Beat, but Small Move?
e `The Big Bang Theory` renewed for three more seasons
b BlackBerry: Call It a Comeback (Maybe)
m Bionic Eye
b Oil increases amid speculation Iraq conflict will disrupt supply
e Beyoncé Congratulates Kim & Kanye on Instagram After Skipping Wedding for  ...
e Will ice bucket challenge have lasting value?
m Ebola symptoms in 2 more nations
b Bernie Sanders has yet to speak publicly against Export-Import Bank in 2014
b United jets flew too close to each other over Texas, FAA says
m Proper use of sunscreen can help prevent skin cancer
b Fed Ups Projections for Short-Term Interest Rates
t Technology giants band together to prevent the next Heartbleed
b First Quarter 2014: The Obama Economy's “worst quarter” in five years thanks, in  ...
e Movie review: Visuals not enough to heat up 'Planes: Fire & Rescue'
b BP Refinery Spills Oil Into Lake Michigan During Malfunction
t China bans Windows 8 on government computers
t Google teams up with Swiss firm for work on smart contact lenses that can  ...
t Google Gets Heat for 'Forgetting'
e More Details From Justin Bieber's Arrest Appear In Court Documents
b Uber in Funding Talks for More Than $10 Billion Value
e James Maslow Dancing With the Stars Cha Cha Cha Video 5/12/14 #DWTS  ...
b Fiat says no truth to VW merger report
b Mt. Gox bankruptcy investigation extended by Tokyo court till May 9
e Kiefer Sutherland responds to Freddie Prinze Jr comments
b Local activism used to turn a quick buck
e Angelina Jolie reveals her and Brad Pitt haven't set wedding date but they want  ...
e Israelis get satisfaction with Rolling Stones show
e Brick Mansions remakes District B13 with the late Paul Walker and more cartoon  ...
e Read 'Winds of Winter' Chapter 'Mercy' Online: George R.R. Martin Official  ...
b Amazon Announces They Will Stream HBO Shows, With Exceptions
e Mekhi Phifer Dead Broke, Files For Bankruptcy
t FCC extends net neutrality comments deadline to Friday midnight
m MannKind Corp. Announced FDA Approval Of Diabetes Treatment
e Rita Ora forgot her lines filming Fifty Shades of Grey movie
b Honeywell Beats Second-Quarter Estimates, Raises Earnings Guidance
m Man's face reconstructed with 3D printed parts
e Jennifer Esposito slams ex-husband Bradley Cooper in new book: report
m The foolish anit-vaccine cause: Rich Lowry
b Uber Reportedly Valued at $10bn, Pinterest at $5bn
e Shailene's Advice To Her Future Self: Have Fun!
b The Conference Board Consumer Confidence Index® Rebounds in March
e When it comes to sports movies, Kevin Costner's pitch perfect
e Mila Kunis - Mila Kunis: 'Ashton Kutcher's Proposal Was Best Day Of My Life'
e Executive Shuffles: Katy Perry, Radio Academy, Triple 8 Management…
e Kristen Stewart debuts new hairstyle at Chanel Haute Couture fashion show in  ...
t China bans use of Microsoft's Windows 8 on government computers
e The Early Word on Jon Favreau's New Film Chef
b Sberbank Drops as CEO Says Russia's Economy Stagnating
t Nissan and Daimler Team Up to Build Mexico Plant for New Compact Cars
e Going viral for a good cause
e Walking Dead Promotes Andrew J. West, Alanna Masterson and Christian Serratos
t Battlefield 4: Battlefield Hardline Beta Opens; E3 Still Surprises
e Jimmy Fallon, Jon Stewart Offer Latenight Tributes To Colbert
e Watch Jon Stewart & Stephen Colbert Have A Lightsaber Duel
b Samsung's net profit falls 20% on smartphone sales
b Gas prices up 2 cents in Rhode Island
b Bank of England holds rates at record low of 0.5 per cent
e Justin Bieber Begs Selena Gomez Not to Judge Him: Singer Wants Things to  ...
e Exclusive: The Killing: Watch first trailer for final season on Digital Spy
t Respawn Explains Titanfall's 48GB PC Install Size
e Zac Efron: Friends Desperately Worried He's Back To Partying Ways
b Euro Volatile On Manufacturing
e Jenny McCarthy Lines Up New Talk Show After Exiting The View
b BofA Ditches $4bn Stock Buyback and Dividend Hike after Capital Miscalculation
b Asian Market Update China PMIs remain mixed, Australia retail sales miss  ...
t Twitter Beefs Up Photo Sharing, Adds Tagging
t Apple: Ghost Of Glory Past
b The Top 25 Companies for Pay and Perks
e VIDEO: Stephen Colbert Reads Top 10 List on Last Night's LATE SHOW
e L'Wren Scott's Suicide Remains A Mystery As Team Denies Rumored Financial  ...
b Euro Climbs to Seven-Week High on Spanish Data; Aussie Advances
e Dina Lohan Pleads Guilty To DWI On Long Island
e Comcast Cuts Sony Deal to Sell 'House of Cards,' Early-Release Movies
t Facebook Looks to Drones to Boost Internet Access
b Boeing Sees Jet Demand Driven By Low-Cost Carriers
e Amazon Scores Big With HBO Original Content Exclusive
b Labor Department steps up scrutiny of Amazon centers
e Zac Efron - Zac Efron Pictured Kissing Michelle Rodriguez
m Health Highlights: June 13, 2014
e Mila Kunis debuts baby bump on red carpet with Channing Tatum
m Study ties breast gene to high-risk uterine cancer
t Microsoft Extends Windows 8.1 Update 1 Deadline for Consumers
e Box Office: Seth Rogen and Zac Efron fuel 'Neighbors' to $51 million opening
e Stay safe this Fourth of July weekend
b Tesco disappointed by continued fall in profits
b Exelon to Buy Pepco in All-Cash Deal -- 2nd Update
m Pistorius' murder trial to resume after mental health tests completed
t GM's Mary Barra set to face Congress about deadly safety defect
e Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles look creepy as hell in first trailer
e Time to stop believing: Final series of Glee will air next year
t Korean Carrier goes over Samsung's head, releases Galaxy S5 early
t PSN Attackers Issue Bomb Threat to Plane Carrying Sony Online Entertainment  ...
b Floating clues? Making sense of the 'debris' sightings
t Samsung Galaxy S5 fingerprint scanner hacked just like Apple iPhone 5s
m OMSignal T-Shirt Measures BioMetrics and Recommends Changes for Optimal  ...
t iWatch Talk Heats Up After Apple Hires Away Another Luxury Watch Exec
t US, UK governments advise against using Internet Explorer
b Alcoa to spend $2.85 billion on maker of jet-engine parts
m WHO Reduces Ebola Death Toll In Sierra Leone
e 'Game of Thrones' Recap: 'First of His Name' Has Jon Snow Winning a Flawless  ...
t Zuckerberg Tells Silicon Execs to Go Abroad
e 'Fast and Furious 7' Rumors, Latest News: Paul Walker Scenes Will Include CGI  ...
b Insider Selling: Harri U. Kulovaara Unloads 35948 Shares of Royal Caribbean  ...
t Google and Novartis join forces to develop contact lens for diabetics
t Comcast's Cohen to testify on merger
m ACP Recommends Against Pelvic Exam In Asymptomatic, Average Risk, Non  ...
m Second US MERS Infection Found In Florida
e WATCH: Adam Sandler admits 'Blended,' ' 50 First Dates' and other movies were  ...
e Rapper Tyler, 'The Creator,' arrested for inciting a riot during concert
e Web TV company Aereo defends self before Supreme Court
e Fans defending boy band in 'cannabis' controversy
t Nest Smoke Detector Recalls Announced Due To Dangerous Glitch, No  ...
m 3rd MERS Infection in US Reported in Illinois Man
t THE "RICH WEST" IS RUINING THE PLANET Says former Archbishop of  ...
e Wheel of Fortune host Pat Sajak calls climate-change believers 'unpatriotic racists'
t Facebook proves it (finally) cares about privacy with new features
e Easter Quotes 2014: Religious Sayings, Poems, And Messages About  ...
b Target asks customers to stop bringing guns to its stores
t Bungie discusses player maximums in upcoming Xbox One and PS4 shooter  ...
e Filter Of Life: Kanye West Revealed His Wedding Picture With Kim Kardashian  ...
e The Internet Is NOT #Happy About Pharrell's ELLE Cover
e New 'Amazing Spider-Man 2' Pic Gets Up Close and Personal With the Green  ...
b IRS, TIGTA Continue To Warn Taxpayers Of 'Largest Scam Of Its Kind'
m Ebola patients in grave condition
b Tax day approaching: What you need to know before filing
t Big Meteor Shower Tonight
e Further Proof That Women in 'Game of Thrones' Are Pawns in...
t Amazon smartphone will be reportedly ready in time for US holiday season
t Obama administration approves sonic cannons, reopening US Eastern  ...
t Comcast Divests 3.9 Million Customers to Charter Communications, SpinCo
e Elisabeth Vincentelli
e But That Twist at the End of the Will Ferrell v. Chad Smith Drum-Off
t Why the HTC One (M8)'s Snapdragon 801 Is So Snappy
e JK Rowling's new Harry Potter story: Could it see the big screen?
e 'Gone Girl' trailer; David Fincher won't direct 'Steve Jobs'; MC Hammer vs. IRS  ...
b EasyJet beats forecasts, eyes organic growth
e Will 'Veronica Mars' Change the Movie Industry?
e 'Muppets Most Wanted' movie review by tweens and moms
t Time Warner, Comcast FCC Filing Hints at Apple's Plans To Build A New TV Box  ...
t Life-saving cleaner
e Ultimate Warrior death: WWE plans four specials on Jim Hellwig, Hall of Famer  ...
m Marriage is Healthy for the Heart
t Verizon Disables Payment Authentication Via Fingerprint Scanner On Galaxy S5
e 'Tammy' Trumped by 'Transformers' at Box Office and Gets 'C-' CinemaScore
e 'Hunger Games' feasts on top MTV Movie Award
b How to Prepare for a Worst-Case Travel Disaster
m Waiter tests positive for hepatitis A at La Fontana restaurant in Nyack
e Jessica Simpson Wedding Details - Guest List, Dress and More
m Mice With MS Recover After Stem Cell Treatment; Researchers Believe Similar  ...
e Freddie Prinze Jr claims his time on '24' almost made him want to QUIT acting  ...
m Consumer Reports: Hospital medical errors
e Swiss museum says it was named 'sole heir' to deceased German collector  ...
e Hear Jack White's Rowdy 'Lazaretto' Record Store Day Single
e The International Day Of Happiness Celebrated In Hungary
t Amazon smartphone rumors resurface for the umpteenth time
e Seth MacFarlane: Reading Rainbow Gets a $1M Match Pledge
e Pamela Anderson files for yet another divorce and finally earns a free one  ...
b SC rejects Roy's plea for house arrest, lifts curbs on sale of
e Bruce Jenner's Recent Decision Won't Help Those Sex Change Rumors​ (VIDEO)
e Man Finds Food pulled
e Obama, Clinton praise Garcia Marquez
t U.S. Cellular Galaxy S5 pre-orders kick off March 21, $50 Google Play promo  ...
e Zac Efron And Seth Rogen Dressed Up As Teen Girls, And You Can/Should  ...
e Community creator Dan Harmon has said that a resurrection of the now  ...
t US Xbox One sales 'more than double' after Kinect dropped
e Rob Kardashian: Still not 'speaking terms' with family after KimYe wedding
e Passenger stuck at Las Vegas airport makes a Celine Dion music video
e VIDEO: First Look - New Teaser Debuts for Final Season of TRUE BLOOD
e Kim Kardashian & Reggie Bush's Families Are Basically Identical…And Here's  ...
e Michael Jackson's Neverland: 5 Years Later
t Western energy companies hit by state-sponsored hackers
t EBay hack leads to information concerns
b REPEAT: Bank Of Japan Maintains Monetary Policy
b Signs of strengthening economy push Wall Street higher
e L'Wren Scott funeral held in California
b Flipkart buys Myntra; Mukesh Bansal to join Flipkart board
e British Airways sued for sending man to Grenada instead of Granada
b Deal allows Tesla to sell electric cars at 3 state dealerships
t Website lists pages blocked by Google
b Rupert Murdoch sets up sons to take over his media empire
t Microsoft's new Skype Translator eliminates language barriers
m Baptist Health Lexington ranked top hospital in Kentucky
t 'Amazing Spider-Man 2' Might Not Make It To Xbox One
b Sterling soars as Carney signals earlier rate rise
t Xbox One: Titanfall Boosts Sales By 96%
e Paul Walker died from speeding not mechanical failure: see full report
t Big Bang breakthrough announced; gravity waves detected
m Justina Pelletier Closer to Her Family After a Year in Psych Hospital
e 'The Bachelor' couple Sean Lowe and Catherine Giudici: We don't get Juan  ...
t Microsoft declare that they will give up their Android smart
e Jay Leno on David Letterman's Retirement: He and I Are Going to Broadway
t Samsung rebrands own app store, to offer several exclusive apps
t UN: To slow warming, no 'business as usual'
e VIDEO: Billy Joel & Jimmy Fallon Sing Doo Wop; 'You May Be Right' on TONIGHT
b HKMA on alert as it defends first intervention in currency markets in 18 months
m Raising Hopes for the Treatment of MERS
b MARKET SNAPSHOT: US Stocks: Futures Trim Losses; July Jobs Report On Deck
e Khloe Kardashian Celebrates 30th Birthday (Again) In Vegas With French  ...
e Harrison Ford's Broken Ankle Will Keep Him Away From 'Star Wars' For 2 Months
b Rupert Murdoch Working on $14 Billion Deal to Merge Pay-TV Units
m Watching too much TV could double your risk of early death: study
e Justin Bieber Apologizes for Controversial Visit to Japanese Shrine
e Calling Little Girls 'Bossy' Today Shames Tomorrow's Leaders
e Justin can't be broken
t Report: iOS 8 will be 'Made for iHome,' offer universal remote functionality for  ...
e Your Chipotle Lunch Is About to Get a Lot More Sophisticated
b Russia Deputy Prime Minister Kozak Included on EU Sanctions List
m FDA proposes regulations for e-cigarettes and tobacco products
b Inflation jumps to Bank of Canada's 2 percent target in April
e Amazon Prime To Stream HBO Shows
t 'Right to be Forgotten' Gets Real as Google Wipes Stories from Search Results
b Target's CEO out after breach
t Microsoft Just Declared War on Its Hardware Partners
e Amazon Prime getting coveted HBO shows
b McDonald's offering free coffee during breakfast hours
m White hits on mental health issues
e WATCH: You can live with us R-Patz! Rob Pattinson reveals he's 'homeless  ...
t High Court Backs TV Networks against Chet Kanojia-Led Aereo
t Skynet Watch: Android Anchors Now Read the News
t Leak: Motorola Moto E Detailed Specs and Images
t Getting snappy with the Samsung Galaxy Note 3
e 2014 Mother's Day freebies and deals
b Elon Musk's SolarCity to acquire panel maker Silevo
b Gold dips after spike on MH17 crash
t IBM to offer iPads, iPhones for business users
e Seven dead, seven injured in Santa Barbara rampage shooting
t NPD: Xbox One and PS4 sales have surpassed 5 million and 7 million units  ...
t Review: Watch Dogs delivers on its 'next-gen' promise
t Gas prices expected to hit six-year high during July 4 holiday
b Etihad's Hogan rules out Abu Dhabi low cost talk
e Bear scoops up cub in roadside rescue
t 'Global selfie' of Earth
e Matt Damon completes Ice Bucket Challenge with toilet water
b Financial News Today: Alibaba Files, Twitter Plunges, and Yellen Set to Testify
t Good news for Pandora that Apple buying Beats
e Rosie O'Donnell In Negotiations To Rejoin 'The View' – Report
t Iraq violence may affect Idaho gas prices
e Rolf Harris arrives at court for sentencing
t Facebook under fire over secret experiment on users
t NFL Sunday Ticket Available Sans Satellite Dish With Caveats
t Microsoft Shuts Down Xbox Entertainment Studios Video Team
m Ryan Lewis of Macklemore & Ryan Lewis opens up about mom's HIV battle  ...
t Google Glass May Soon Be Sold to Normal People--But Just for One Day
b 3 July 1884: Dow Jones launches the world's first stock index
e Foo Fighters pulls off legendary stunt with secret show at Preservation Hall
b Investor Ends Campaign to Split eBay and PayPal
e Jimmy Kimmel's 'Fake Drake' Skit Is Proof That Drake Will Make the Best ESPYs  ...
e An R-rated cartoon but likable
m Ebola outbreak: health officials work to prevent spread of deadly virus in Guinea
t LG teases round revision of its Android Wear watch
b GLOBAL MARKETS-Equity indexes up on Apple, Ukraine tempers rise
t The Shrinking Of Jupiter's Great Red Spot
m Ebola victims face 90 percent death risk as possible treatments emerge
b Whole Foods forecast downward on earnings, sales
e Graham Norton pokes fun at Jay Z, Solange 'lift attack' at BAFTAs
e Nickelodeon's Kids' Choice Awards: The Winners
b Twitter reports $250 mln 1st quarter revenue, 255 mln users
e MoMA Announces Plans for a Björk Retrospective in 2015
e Peanuts 3D CG-Animated Feature Film Teaser Trailer Video
b Candy Crush Saga maker's stock falls in debut on NYSE
e Lauren Silverman: Simon Cowell Opens Up About Affair
m New Study to Test Heart and Health Benefits of 'Chocolate Pill'
e Jay Z Looked Suave In Givenchy At The 2014 Met Gala: The Guy's Eye
e John C. Reilly brings personality to 'Bears'
t Automakers to recall air bags in humid parts of US - KPTV - FOX 12
e Prominent Litigators Lining Up on Either Side of Aereo Battle
e Seinfeld's 'Newman' reported dead after tractor trailer accident
e Wu-Tang linked rapper severs penis, jumps off building, but survives
e Freed From Floppy Disks, New Warhol Art Is Discovered
b Tennis: Baylor beats OSU women
t MakerBot Enters Reselling Agreement with Panama Anantek
m State allows 11 pot dispensaries to move forward - News, Weather and  ...
e Planet of the Apes: A topsy-turvy world in which the writers reigned
b IRS: Only one IRA rollover per year
b Exelon Agrees to Purchase Pepco Holdings for $6.8 Billion
e Miley Cyrus postpones more tour dates
t Gas prices climbing in South Sound
t Ford reveals 50th anniversary Mustang at New York show
b Fiat to launch new models, boost global sales
e Jay Z and Beyoncé Run Miami Opening Night of Joint Tour
e Eminem's New Music Video Is a Much-Needed Apology to His Mom
b Stocks Waver, Then Close Slightly Higher
e Credit: Jeff Goldberg | Esto
e Miley Cyrus' House Robbed & You Won't Believe What Thieves Got Away With
b ECB bank tests may be 'too strict': Austria's Nowotny
e Rolling Stones Cancel Perth Show, Jagger Releases Statement on L'Wren Scott
e Review: Game of Thrones: 'The Lion and the Rose' (season 4, episode 2) Special
b Cellulose fuel bad for climate: study
t Is the HTC One M8 the new iPhone killer?
t Microsoft to release wearable fitness tracker this fall, report says
t Gas up 2 cents in RI, price hits $3.70
t Facebook acquires virtual reality headset maker Oculus
t GM supports Schumer bill banning rentals of recalled cars
b Dollars for despots
t Meet Intel's 3D-printed robot, Jimmy
e Walter Dean Myers, best-selling children's author, dead at 76
b The Honest Company Says It Has Raised $70M
b Ryanair To Make Non-Binding Offer For Cyprus Air
b Asiana Crash Debate Goes Beyond Pilots to Automation
e Noah nude shoot poses problems for Crowe
t Steve Jobs Thought an Apple TV Set Was a "Terrible" Idea
e Beyoncé Covers TIME Magazine's Most 100 Influential People Issue with  ...
e Tabloid's royal photo of Kate Middleton's bottom
b After Talks Fail With The Creditors Argentina Yet Again Falls into Default
e New 22 Jump Street Movie Got Mostly Positive Reviews From Top Critics
b Ryanair wants to fly over EasyJet in Israel
b More earthquakes linked to fracking
e Cameron Diaz and Jason Segel look for their 'Sex Tape'
b EPA has missing emails too
e Bill Murray gets silly in trailer for St. Vincent
e Harrison Ford's 'Star Wars' Injury Could Bench Him for Eight Weeks
m Nebraska lawmakers pass prison reform changes
m J&J voluntarily withdraws all fibroid removal devices amid increasing concern of  ...
b Barclays Initiates Internal Probe On Dark Pool
b Teva Rejected by US Justice Roberts on Generic Copaxone Delay
t Monday Apple Rumors: Apple Talking New Streaming Box Deal With Comcast
t Controversial FCC Proposals Could “End Net Neutrality” In The US
e The Ark Becomes The Focus In New 'Noah' Featurette
e McCarthy's 'Tammy' no comic whammy
t Documents: GM VP knew about glitches
b Sales, profits slip in Q1 for Coca-Cola Co
b UAW VP Poised To Join GM Board
b Leak in crude oil pipe blamed for dangerous levels of benzene in Chinese city
t UPDATE 2-Step up action to curb global warming, or risks rise - UN
e Universal spokesman: Louis Zamperini, war hero, subject of upcoming film  ...
b Bill Clinton talks about slitting throats, 'blood lust'
e Action Comics #1 just sold for a cool $3 million
t Google I/O 2014: The 7 Big Stories You Need to Know About
e 'Game Of Thrones' Season 4 Spoilers: A New Trailer And Another Tease Of A  ...
e Odom 'accepts marriage is over'
t The 5 best things announced at Google I/O
b GM Recalls More Vehicles Because of Ignition Switch Issues
m 'Unprecedented' ebola outbreak sparks closure of borders
m Up to 5000 exposed to hepatitis A at restaurant
m Ebola now an epidemic in Guinea
t Twitter Buys Gnip to Monetize Data; Johnson & Johnson Beats Analysts  ...
t Support For Windows XP, Google Camera App, First Heartbleed Arrest [Tech  ...
m WHO says West African Ebola outbreak to last 2-4 months
e DiCaprio, Stone and celebs raise $35M for AIDS - ABC-7.com WZVN News for  ...
b Fed's Dovishness Sets Tone
t LG G3 Smartphone And LG G Watch Available From AT&T Starting July 11th
e Brad Paisley Took A Selfie With Westboro Protesters
m Maternal deaths on the rise in the United States
t Analysis: Broadcasters Need to Embrace Innovation Now That Aereo Fog Has  ...
t HP to invest $US1bn in cloud computing
e 'The Bachelorette' finale has a record low, and more news to note
t Study: 44 percent of Twitter users have hever sent a single tweet
e Watch Jimmy Fallon and Julia Roberts try not to hurt each other while playing  ...
e Nomis Review of Guardians of the Galaxy **** Contains Spoilers *****
e Should Kim Kardashian have pierced North West's ears?
t Driverless cars to be tested on UK roads from 2015
m Chittenden Vermont's healthiest county, according to report that finds inequality  ...
b Tech companies, Citigroup tug stocks lower
m Rare mono mono identical twins born holding hands
t Samsung Damages Expert Declares $2.2 Billion Unfair, States $38.4 Million Is  ...
t Netflix opposes Comcast and Time Warner Cable merger
b Market Basket employees to protest CEO firing
e Harrison Ford ankle injury 'could affect eight weeks of 'Star Wars' filming'
b Asiana crash hearing to focus on pilots: US safety board ex-chair
b Three-day weekend will kick-start July 4 travel
e 'Orphan Black,' 'Devious Maids' return
t NASA Reveals Unprecedented Image of Deep Space
e 'The Fault in Our Stars': John Green, Shailene Woodley, Ansel Elgort and Nat  ...
e Andi Dorfman Chooses Josh Murray And Gets Engaged On 'The Bachelorette  ...
t Ex-Merrill CEO says he has 'no knowledge' of Google search wipe
b Federal Reserve will stop adding to bond holdings
e Stacy Keibler has married Jared Pobre.
b Target has lost its cheap, chic edge
t Your odds of getting killed by an asteroid just went way up
b Amazon's 'shopping machine' Fire Phone criticised
b UK to Sell $7 Billion Lloyds Bank Stake to Money Managers
e TV Series, 'The View' Fires Two!
b Boeing Wants to be More Like Apple, CEO McNerney Says
b Attacks kill 26 people in Iraq
t Google buys drone maker courted by FB: Report
b Darden sells Red Lobster to Golden Gate Capital for $2.1B
b Posted by Parvez Jabri
b Q&A: Counting the cost of the new £1 coin
e Return Of The Jedi: New 'Star Wars' Movie Takes Place 30 Years Later
b Europe Stocks Drop as Investors Weigh Data for ECB Clues
e Allure Magazine Nude Issue 2014: Jenna Dewan Tatum, Kristen Bell, Nia Long  ...
t Twitter celebrates 8th birthday
t Microsoft is laying off 14% of employees as it overhauls its mobile business
e Fifty Shades of Grey first picture: Jamie Dornan smolders as bondage obsessed  ...
t Microsoft Under Scrutiny By The Chinese Government, Faces Antitrust Probe
e 'The Equalizer' Trailer: Denzel Washington Takes on Russian Mob (Video)
b Ronald McDonald rocks new look
t Over recalls,GM chief Barra faces tough questions
t New Android KitKat Build Reportedly In The Works
b (3rd LD) Samsung puts Q2 profit at disappointing 7.2 tln won
e Justin Bieber hits back at Seth Rogen criticism
e We 'Say Yes' To Michelle Williams, Beyonce And Kelly's Reunion: Watch
b UPDATE 1-Chrysler, Ford say Canada auto sales up on trucks
t Alibaba IPO Update: Earnings Report Today
e 'The Hobbit' Part 3 News: First Official Teaser Trailer For 'The Battle of the Five  ...
e Justin Bieber under investigation for attempted robbery... again
e Saturday Night Live finishes another year of mostly disappointing you
t Elusive superheavy 'Element 117' exists, independent test proves
b Health care town hall meeting set Monday
e Brunching it up for Easter
e 'Magic School Bus' getting rebooted
b Manufacturing activity slows in March
b BMW To Build Plant In Mexico, To Invest $1 Bln - Quick Facts
e You Don't Want to Marry (or Watch) Harry
e VIDEO: Cambridge University Vice-Chancellor accepts Stephen Hawking's Ice  ...
b New Lead Shifts Search For Missing Jet 700 Miles North
e Marvel's Thor is now a woman (in the comics); so what?
m Moderate drinking is dangerous for pregnancy
t Vic Gundotra, Chief of Google+ social network says “Good Bye” to Google
b Sen. Levin Says Lawmaker Oversight Could Help Ensure Quick Cleanup of Oil  ...
e TV highlights for March 10: 'The Bachelor' has a three-hour season finale
t Behind The Wheel With Google's Android Auto
m CDC Warns Ebola Outbreak Will Get Worse
b With casinos closing, Atlantic City considers future
m Study finds intense exercise may be harmful to the heart
b Barclays to cut 7000 jobs to 2016
t AAA Mich.: Gas prices fall 1 cent over past week
b Manipal Institute Celebrates Rajeev Suri's Appointment as Nokia CEO
e UPDATE: Intl Box Office: 'Spider-Man 2′ Snares $67.2M; 'Rio 2′ At $250M  ...
m Trying a new way, and an app, to beat jet lag
e Halle Berry's hairdos and don'ts
e Diane Sawyer to say her final goodbye tonight as anchor of ABC's World News  ...
b Home Depot misses by $0.03, misses on revenue
b Allergan mounts 'poison pill' defence
b Yellen and the Fed, On Target
e The Latest 'Mockingjay' Trailer Is Absolutely Haunting
e Miranda Kerr Looks Picture Perfect Flaunting Toned Pins In Floral Printed Dress  ...
b Euro to US Dollar (EUR/USD) exchange rate forecast to weaken throughout the  ...
t Gohma: First custom Android Wear ROM comes to the LG G Watch
e Customs Officials Detain Justin Bieber at LAX, Won't Let Him into USA
t This chart says 'game over' for Microsoft
e 'Community' Creator Dan Harmon Isn't 'Lukewarm' About 'Hypothetical' Season 6
m Researchers Use Math To Beat Jet Lag
b Telstra still Beats the MOG drum, not yet affected by Apple's acquisition
b India's Central Bank Keeps Rates Steady
m John Carlisle: 85-year-old delivers meals and her own brand of sunshine
t New LG G Watch pictures tease Android Wear offering
t Look North Saturday To See Some New Meteors!
e Beyonce Leads “Forbes'” Top 100 Celebrities List 2014
m Number of people with HIV unchanged since 2012
b Shire soars 12% as it rejects £27bn bid from US group AbbVie
e L'Wren Scott funeral: Mick Jagger, select few to attend Hollywood burial
t Gmail and Hangouts Down: Top Google Services Experiencing Outages Today
t General Motors Recall Came Late
b Valeant Increases Takeover Bid for Allergan -- Update
b Russell Stover to be sold to Swiss company
b Morgan Stanley is looking good, but Goldman is better
b Sina Weibo IPO below expectations, raises $285.6 million: report
b US grains mixed; corn trades near 4-year low on US crop outlook
b ADP private payrolls rise 218000 in July, miss forecasts
b McDonald's giving away free coffee for limited time
m Passenger Planes Carry Cargoes Of E.Coli
t New personalised chat stickers now available on BBM app
e Fake 'Star Wars: Episode VII' Footage Featuring German Airport Goes Viral (Video)
e Kim Kardashian Joins Her Family For A Quiet Pre-Wedding Meal
b It's Deadline Day For Health Care Enrollment
b The Nation's Strongest GMO Labeling Law Passes in the Second-Smallest State
t Is Microsoft's Surface Pro 3 a laptop killer?
e Kanye West and Iggy Azalea Join Made in America Festival L.A. Lineup
m Colbert responds to MERS panic by French-kissing a camel
t DOJ's Zeus Botnet Sting Takes Down Cyber Crime Ring
e CANNES WATCH: Designers set up shop
e Justin Bieber makes Coachella cameo
e Where the Boy Meets World Cast Has Been All These Years
e Chris Soules Is the New 'Bachelor' but His Intentions May Surprise You (VIDEO)
e Upbeat tunes of Rio 2 adorn vivid visuals
m Scientists create first SUPER BANANAS that can help save lives of millions  ...
e Record labels sue Pandora
e Eli Wallach Dead: 'The Good, The Bad And The Ugly' Spaghetti Western Star  ...
m Life Expectancy Rising, but UN Report Shows 'Major' Rich-Poor Longevity  ...
b Investors shrug as BNP faces potential $9-billion fine from US
t AOL.com Article - Discovery made alongside rare goblin shark sparking excitement
t Touch ID to come to iPhone 6, iPad Air 2, and iPad mini 3
t 2700-year-old Phoenician shipwreck near Malta yields oldest artifacts
e Abramson: "I'm In the Same Boat" as Graduates
t Xbox One headed to China in September
e US Airways tweets graphic photo to passenger
b Bank of America Adds $2.4B to Legal Reserve, Won't Say Why
t Moto G GPe gets Android 4.4.4 update
m Study finds that friends who are not biologically related still resemble each other  ...
t Don't Be Fooled: 2014's Top April Fools' Day Tech Jokes
e Ryan Gosling didn't get along with Rachel McAdams on set of 'The Notebook'
t Here is Tim Cook's memo to employees about the new IBM partnership
b Tech stocks down
b Death toll rises to 301 in Turkey mine disaster
m Suit claims Colo. Planned Parenthood ignored sex abuse
t Moto E images, specs leak online. Here's what we know so far
t Boeing gets $2.8 bln contract from NASA
e Kim Kardashian at Her Pre-Wedding Dinner Leads Today's Star Sightings
t VIDEO: Netflix Is Now Streaming In 4K
e PETA accuses Liam Neeson of 'supporting cruelty' because of his stance on  ...
t Samsung Galaxy Ace Style with Android 4.4 OS Coming in April
m MERS continues to spread in Saudi Arabia, more than 100 now dead from virus
t Retired IBM executive chief foreman leads mixed results verdict in Samsung  ...
b States with the biggest changes in jobless aid applications, and some reasons  ...
e Star Wars: Episode VII Leaked Footage Is Totally Fake, Still Pretty Impressive
e A Minute With: Chris Evans on 'Captain America' and handling fame
t How the freedom of the internet is being threatened
t ZeniMax Suit Could Cost Oculus, Its Founder $2 Billion or More
e Gwen Stefani Officially Joins the Judges Panel of The Voice
e Smith: There's 'nothing sexual' about Willow bed pic
t Dropbox Unveils Project Harmony, Mailbox for Android
t Open Internet threats loom
e Michael Jackson - Michael Jackson's ex-wife wants guardianship
b U.S., European agencies warned pilots about Ukraine airspace dangers in April
t Pollinators: Be careful with pesticides (Letter)
b Celebrate tax day with 9 of our favorite tax maps
t Apple and Google give peace a chance
m Flat funding, harsh laws could hurt Uganda's battle against HIV
e Muppets Most Wanted: It's not easy…being a sequel
e Danica McKellar, Valentin Chmerkovskiy Voted Off 'Dancing With the Stars'
b Gasoline prices resume their increases after brief pause
e You're the one that I want: Fox to air live version of Chicago-born musical 'Grease'
e Madonna Posts Instagram Selfie with Armpit Hair - Is She Trying to Start a New  ...
t Facebook to use solar-powered British drones to give earth's remotest spots the  ...
b Dollar General's CEO to Retire Amid Industry Merger Pressure
b Symantec Fires its CEO
e Jodie Foster Secretly Marries Her Girlfriend
e 'Chef' serves up a sweet, if predictable, story
t Google in the mood for music with Songza
e Kim Kardashian Vogue Cover Sparks Controversy
b Daimler to launch autonomous trucks by 2025
e MOVIE REVIEW: Fed up with your food? Watch this
b Samsung warns of worst quarter in two years, profits likely down 24.5%
m First lady aims to maintain healthier meals at schools
e Jennifer Lawrence: Nicholas Hoult and I "Mutually Ignore Each Other"
m New study shows a snack might help avoid fight with spouse
t Nokia to be renamed Microsoft Mobile
b European stocks mostly higher, eyes on Ukraine; Dax up 0.17%
e Lea Michele Remembers Cory Monteith: Actress Pays Tribute to Late Boyfriend  ...
t Apple offers free product recycling, plans to be better for the world
e Viacom's Transformers: The Age of Extinction Boosts Movie Biz - Analyst Blog
e Watch the Video of One Direction Getting High in a Van in Peru
m US Health Insurer AHIP Considers Gilead's Solvadi Overpriced
t Nokia to be renamed Microsoft Mobile
b Twitter second quarter results soar, stock flies high
b Apple sold 35 billionth song on iTunes Store last week, says Eddy Cue
t Big Bang breakthrough announced
e Eli Wallach, veteran character actor, dies
m Combat Factors Associated With Pain and Opioid Use Among Veterans
t Mac OS X 10.10 Yosemite: Key Features, Release Date, Compatibility  ...
m Twitter Tuesday: MERS, mental health crisis, health reform opt-out
b Wall St closes higher on Citi earnings healthcare MA
b Disney's Maker Studios Acquisition Is Getting Messy
t Today's unit price check reminder: targeting Target
m FDA rejects labeling aspirin as heart attack prevention
b Massachusetts homes sales down in March, but median prices continue to rise
b Japan Relaxes Arms Export Ban
e REVIEW: Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy: The Expendables In Outer Space
b Report: AT&T will announce it's buying DirecTV tomorrow
m Excessive Drinking May be More Harmful than Previously Thought
b Investing 101: Don't Let Story Time Dictate Your Actions
b Michaels security breach affected nearly 3 million payment cards
e Who Will Win The Voice Season 6? Vegas Bookies Weigh In!
e Kim Kardashian reveals new app on Instagram
b Research and Markets: Oil Fundamentals Tightening Entering 3Q 2014  ...
b Orlando-area gas prices down 4 cents from a week ago
t Meteor Shower Could Put on a Dazzling Show in the Sky
e Amazon Prime snags HBO shows with three-year delay
b Possible successor at JP Morgan, Michael Cavanagh, takes newly created post  ...
b US auto sales hit nine-year high in May
t Researchers create matter from light
b UK Services PMI Accelerates as Jobs Growth Hits Record High
e Perez Reviews: Hedwig - On Broadway!
e Kris Jenner shares 'happy photos' in Paris ahead of Kimye's wedding
t Fashion meets utility with new, wearable technology
t The Costs of Carbon Pollution Are Clear
t New MacBook Airs finally launching this week
t As WinXP death looms, Microsoft releases its operating system SOURCE CODE  ...
e Marvel realm lightens up with Guardians of the Galaxy
b Oracle reports quarterly increase in sales and profit
b Pound Sterling (GBP) exchange rate little moved after Bank of England leaves  ...
b Congress airs its concerns over Comcast-Time Warner Cable deal
e 'Game of Thrones' Renewed on HBO for Two More Seasons
t Google Glass available to the public for one day only
t UN: "We're Talking About 20 to 30 Years From Now"
t Ocean Plastic
t 250 New Emoji Have Arrived
b Operation Escargot: Europe Protests as Uber Rises
b IMF announces $14-$18 billion rescue for Ukraine
e Boston Marathon Bombing Survivor Dances Again
b Johnson Publishing said to take Jet Magazine digital-only in June
b FAA warned airlines to avoid Crimea because of conflict
t YouTube to Buy Videogame Live Streaming Platform Twitch for a Whooping $1  ...
t Titanfall Free the Frontier Live Action Trailer (video)
e Gwen Stefani & Pharrell Rock 'The Voice' With 'Hollaback Girl' — Watch
b IMF does not see a “brutal slowdown” in China
m This Massachusetts Town is One of the Least Obese in the Nation
t Earth Day fireworks: Watch the Lyrids meteor shower tonight
m Health department offers free HIV testing at TSU
m Coffee could help prevent retinal damage
t Internet Explorer Troubleshooting & Update: US Homeland Security Advises  ...
t What Americans Feel about Future of Technology?
t European Commission chides Apple for not improving game in-app purchase  ...
e Chris Hemsworth's Wife Elsa Pataky In Labor…
e The Amazing Spider-Man 2 Review
t First Earth-size planet discovered in 'habitable zone' of another star
e 'Veronica Mars' movie has small-screen feel
b Libya's govt, rebels agree to reopen two occupied oil ports - minister
b IRS: Bitcoin is property, not currency
b China Blocks European Shipping Pact, Sending Maersk Tumbling (2)
b Rise in some financial risk-taking in US - Janet Yellen
t Unknown if Sask. info stolen due to Heartbleed bug says Revenue Canada
t About Ford Mustang
b e-Book publishers dish out $166 million to readers in antitrust settlement
b Home Depot Sales, Profit Grow, but Miss Views
t Boy unearths 10000-year-old mastodon tooth
e Edgar Wright Shrinks From Marvel's 'Ant Man' Over Creative Differences
b Dow closes above 17000 on strong payrolls report
m EMT Dancing To Rihanna's "Pour It Up" Goes Viral, Rihanna Tweets About It  ...
m Deadly Ebola virus outbreak, begun in Guinea now hits Liberia
t NASA's decades-old Voyager 2 mission is a preview of new mission - 12 News  ...
t 4.5-Inch Samsung Galaxy S5 Mini Arrives
b 11 miners trapped in small goal mine in Honduras
b Connecticut regains jobs in February following major decline due to extreme  ...
e Tori Spelling's Love Rat Husband Dean McDermott Furious With Lifetime For  ...
e After 'Bad Neighbors', Seth Rogen Has Plenty More Movies On The Way  ...
e AOL.com Article - 'Sharknado' sequel has bite and lots of laughs
e 'I Wanna Marry Harry' Made Us Sad
b China's yuan consolidates gains as investors unwind long dollar positions
e Demi Lovato Is Flawless on the New August Issue of Seventeen Magazine!
m Ebola death toll in Guinea reaches 70
t We re-explore the Apple rumours for 2014 after WWDC announcements
b New Home Sales Drop to Eight-Month Low in March
b Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA): Many Reasons To Be Bearish
t Facebook denies emotion contagion study had government and military ties
e Is This The Guy Who Tore Up The Pretty Face Of Kim Kardashian's Bestie Brittny  ...
m Stem Cell Therapy Shows Promise For MS In Mouse Model
b Chinese censors add Microsoft, Yahoo to internet block lists
e Film Flam: Film news, SXSW edition
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 AnTuTu benchmark suggest killer specs
e Britney Spears hit with lawsuit for allegedly breaking dancer's nose
t Google to Shut Down Failing Social Network (No, Not That One)
t BlackBerry Launches Low-Cost Jakarta Edition, Hopes To Reverse Plunge
e Chelsea Handler to Leave E!
e SITE SEARCH WEB SEARCH BY
e Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Are Staying At Castlemartyr Resort! Get The  ...
t Nintendo Report Annual Losses
e Christine McVie returns to Fleetwood Mac after 16 year hiatus
t Android App Development India: Starting from a Clean Slate - Hyperlink  ...
e Frozen Songwriters Write New Stage Musical
e Special report: The wonder of Record Store Day
t Night Falls on Civilization on Earth Hour
b Southwest Airlines says co-pilot of plane that landed at wrong Missouri airport is  ...
t The best thing about the HTC One (M8)
t Office for iPad Review: Microsoft delivers three outstanding apps
e Jolie confirms plans for just 'a few more films' as acting takes back seat
m First locally-transmitted chikungunya cases in U.S. are in Palm Beach County  ...
t Judge Koh overrules Samsung objection to patent video depicting Apple products
e Fourth of July fireworks safety tips
t Facebook's click-bait ban means marketers must stay agile
e If Hollywood Movies Inspire Real-Life Violence, Then Why Are Teens Less  ...
e 'Jeopardy!' Champion Julia Collins' Winning Streak Ends
t Amazon, Not YouTube, Buying Twitch For ~$1 Billion
t Netflix CEO adds his voice to net neutrality debate
b Huge BNP Paribas fine is putting currency markets on edge
t Samsung Galaxy S5: rounding up the early reviews
b US home sales rebound; jobless claims rise
b ECB goes on €300m spending spree for bank watchdog
t Comcast 'embarrassed' by aggressive service call
m CDC Says It Just Discovered Vials Identified As Smallpox At A Lab In Maryland
b Feds Reach Settlement Agreement With Pilot Flying J
t Microsoft to ditch Android from Nokia X phones
e A Draft of Bob Dylan's Lyrics for 'Like a Rolling Stone' Sells for $2 Million
t Toyota Settlement Could Be Glimpse Into GM's Future
e Radio Station Playing Pharrell's Happy On An Endless Loop For 13 Days  ...
b Alibaba eyes biggest IPO since Facebook
t Microsoft takes steps to improve its Windows 8 business-app story
t Wyoming Gas Price Update
t Iceland lowers volcano aviation alert level to Orange
t Samsung Galaxy S5 at AT&T: Release Date, Pre Orders, Price and Other Details
b Weibo IPO Is a Test for Twitter, Alibaba
b Colorado's first marijuana vending machine about to start operation
b High-Speed Trading Said to Face New York Inquiry Over Fairness
e Review: Hell-hath-no-fury comedy 'The Other Woman' has zip but little else
t Samsung launches Gear range of wearable gadgets
e New poster for Transformers: Age Of Extinction
e Colbert at 'Hobbit' event at Comic-Con
m 3rd case of mosquito-borne virus reported in NC
e Former couple Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin acting 'lovey-dovey' at recent  ...
e HBO Shows Coming to Amazon Prime Instant Video
m 'Chocolate pills' may prevent heart attacks
e Sherri Shepherd's first husband Jeffrey Tarpley files for full custody of their son
m Townsend to offer 24-hour drug drop-off at police station
b From grow-ops to greenbacks: the marijuana movement goes legit
b Twitter user numbers grow by a quarter, as social network's share value shoots up
e Brittany Murphy Final Film Gets Release Date
m Medical pot rules OK'd; patients expected to start using in 2015
e Force for Change Program Allows Star Wars Fans To Win a Role in Episode VII
e The Bachelorette Shows Raw Emotion with News of Eric Hill's Death
e Mom's Day: One of the best gifts is sharing an experience with mom
e Depp gets subpoena for murder trial at film...
t Intl Space Station gets Easter delivery of food, supplies
b New York Report: Airlines dent US equities
e Will and Jada Pinkett Smith Under Investigation by Child Protective Services For  ...
e Sources say Michael Strahan to join 'Good Morning America' cast part-time
t Earth-like planets Gliese 581 g and d likely don't exist, study says
b Good Health Care Requires More Than Insurance
e Curfew is hitting us where it hurts
m In Brief | Nation & World | 7-15-14
t EU, S Korea join forces for faster mobile service
b US consumer spending up
t Facebook Acquires UK Based Ascenta for $20M
t Window Phone 8.1 release date and new features: Update brings Cortana and  ...
b New Zealand Trade Surplus Around 3-Year High
e The case for the resurrection
e Sick Paul McCartney postpones all concerts in Japan, South Korea
t ZTE Open C: Firefox OS on a 4in screen for just £70
t Windsor: Ham radio operators to hold annual field day demonstration
b Barclays to slash jobs, investment bank
t Best times to watch tonight's meteor shower!
t Wii U Sells 2.7 Million Units In 2013, 6.17 Million Units To Date
m Biogen Idec wins Canadian approval for hemophilia drug Alprolix
e 'Bad Words' review: 'Family Guy' fans will love Jason Bateman's latest
t Supermoon Facts To Impress Your Date
t Elon Musk challenges Air Force rocket contract
e GWAR frontman found dead in Virginia home
b A Chinese Millionaire's Publicity Stunt: Charity Lunch for New York's Homeless
b Knoll (KNL) Jumps: Stock Rises 8.7% - Tale of the Tape
t Facebook hurls stones at Snapchat with Slingshot app
b HSBC & Government Manufacturing PMI Print In The Green
e Baptist pastor: 'Noah' film may be way to engage unchurched
e 'No drugs or suicide note' at Geldof home
t 3 ways to protect your iPhone from hijackers
e Other 'Big Fat Greek' Things That the Sequel Can Be About
t Gas prices up
e The First Look at Christian Grey in the 'Fifty Shades of Grey' Movie
e Robert Downey Jr's Son Indio Downey Arrested on Drug Charges
e Tori Spelling talks Dean McDermott cheating scandal: He broke my heart
b Canadian Dollar to Euro (CAD/EUR) Exchange Rate weakens on China concerns
e Jennifer Love Hewitt To Go Undercover With Series Regular Role On "Criminal  ...
t Unicode 7.0 to bring 250 new Emoji
t Apple's 'iWatch' Could Help Launch A New Health And Fitness Platform
t Honda recalls 900000 Odyssey minivans because of fire risk
t Google Glass To Get Help From High End Glasses Maker
e Beyoncé And Solange Knowles Mingle With Blake Lively For Gucci (As You Do)
b Next Rise in Interest Rates Will Come in 2015
t Google begins April-fool pranks with the Google Maps Pokemon Challenge
t Facebook updates Paper app with notifications, photo comments, 'new story  ...
e Jennifer Lopez Becomes The First Woman To Receive Billboard's Icon Award  ...
e Episcopal Church of St. John the Baptist
t Another GM recall: 1.18 million SUVs for air bag issue
e Review: 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2' comes back strong
m Health groups urge Governor and Legislature to raise Ohio's tobacco tax
e Oops, Powdered Alcohol Was Actually Approved By Mistake?
b Bank of America Swings to Loss on Mortgage Settlement
m New Type of Sweetener Could Potentially Lower Blood Sugar
b 'No other country' would welcome AstraZeneca bid
t U.S. Agency Considered Opening GM Defect Probe in 2007
e Jenny McCarthy Signals 'View' Exit: 'If Sherri Goes#8230; I Go Too'
t Samsung teases April 29 announcement, basically confirms Galaxy K Zoom
t Instagram goes down on the Mobile and Web, Twitter sees frustration
b Citigroup Faces $7 Billion Mortgage Reckoning
t LG G3 rumoured specs, features
b Jet, Etihad Airways stop discount fares for children on UAE sector
t Twitter announces redesign
b Stocks slip ahead of reports; Walgreen sinks
e NBC 'The Voice' Season 6 News: Winner Is Finally Announced
b Inflation falls to four-year-low
b Baker Hughes to reveal all hydraulic fracturing chemicals
e Lindsay Lohan Fires Sobriety Coach After Cameras Turn Off
b Russia Signed 30 year Gas deal with China
e Kim Kardashian's Nipple Pic, Madonna's Crazy Cleavage and More Skin-Baring  ...
b Latin America stuck in slow gear: IMF
b Earnings Reaction History: Hewlett-Packard Co., 80.0% Follow-Through  ...
t Mozilla's Culture War Is a Bad Model for Business
m HIV: “Take the test, take control”
e 24: Live Another Day review: No one gets what they want
e Erykah Badu pranks reporter on live broadcast
t Lander aboard comet chasing spacecraft woken up
b New survey reports 19.4 percent of cultivable land in China polluted
t Ryan Seacrest's company won't be allowed to sell Blackberry-like iPhone case
b PRECIOUS-Gold holds near 3-month high, underpinned by soft dollar
b EBay, Carl Icahn reach truce
e Get Ready To Party With New Kids On The Block On The High Seas! The Boys  ...
t Top UN court orders Japan to end Antarctic whale hunt
e 2 Broke Girls: “And Let Them Eat Cake Cake Cake”
b Retail sales dip from all-time high in March on slower car and clothing sales
b Whiting to purchase Kodiak for $3.8 billion
e Director Edgar Wright quits Marvel's Ant-Man 'due to differences in their vision of  ...
e Pixie arrives at father Bob Geldof's home as family mourn the tragic death of  ...
t Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change Report
e 'Castle' season 6 ends: Was this show renewed or canceled for season 7?
e 'American Idol' judges Lopez, Urban and Connick to return for next season
b Prime Minister expected to meet Pfizer boss over £63 billion bid
e 'The Big Bang Theory' gets three more seasons on CBS, will run until 2017
t Google Inc (GOOG) (GOOGL)'s Social Networking Head Plans To Leave
t Xiaomi to enter 10 new countries as expansion accelerates
e 'Godzilla 2' and 'Godzilla 3' on the cards with Edwards to direct
e Pharrell Williams to join NBC's 'The Voice' in the fall
e Lindsay Lohan's 'hookup' list includes a former player for the Devils and Rangers
e What's next for Jenny McCarthy? A wedding, and a radio show
b Pfizer CEO Ian Read Should Call AstraZeneca CEO Pascal SoriotDaily Edition
e Jennifer Aniston Preparing For Island Wedding
b Priceline Is Buying OpenTable for $2.6 Billion in Cash
b Google spurs tech gains following earnings
e Seth MacFarlane to Add up to $1 Million to Reading Rainbow Kickstarter
m Corinna Schumacher at First Public Show Without Husband Michael Schumacher
m Headbanging Caused Brain Bleed in Motorhead Fan
b Obama's Economy In Action! Debt Collectors Now Chase 35 PERCENT Of All  ...
b Australia's free trade deal with Japan
t Google's Chromecast officially available for Canadians
t Apple, States Settle E-Book Damages Phase
b Stocks drift higher; S&P 500 holds at 2000 points - WXOW News 19 La Crosse  ...
m EU Panel OKs Expanded Use of Roche Cancer Drug
b Construction spending falls 1.8% from May in biggest drop since Jan. 2011
t You are here! Home > SCIENCE and TECHNOLOGY > 'Roombots' to serve you  ...
t Foursquare splits in two, creating new app
m Less teens indulging in smoking, drinking and sex but other risky behaviors rise  ...
t Microsoft's July Update For Xbox One Introduces New Achievements Mode  ...
e Paul McCartney recovering after being hospitalised with unknown virus
e Jay-Z announces festival in downtown Los Angeles
e Beyonce Is Queen B of Time's Most Influential People
b Pandora Follows Prime Higher
t Steve Wozniak: Samsung Galaxy Gear smartwatch is 'worthless'
b Ukraine may drag on recovery within Europe: IMF
e Sherlock Officially Returning for Season 4
b AOL Still Relies on Dial-Up Profit as Its Media Shift Continues
b Mortgage Rate Summary for BMO Harris Bank, Capital One and Quicken Loans  ...
m Foster Farms recalls salmonella-tainted chicken for first time after 16-month  ...
e Jackson's son 'wants to keep his dad's legend alive'
e Win Tickets to a screening of Sabotage with Arnold Schwarzenegger in Attendance
t NASA aborts launch of CO2-measuring satellite
e Justin Bieber - Justin Bieber apologises for racist joke
t 'Blind Luck' The Only Thing Preventing An Asteroid From Wiping Out A Major City
b PREVIEW: Euro – What does Goldman Sachs expect from the ECB meeting  ...
t Gas prices plummet in July. Aren't they supposed to rise in summer?
b Eurozone unemployment rate dips below 12% in February: Eurostat
e POZ SXSW Blog: Day One - Travel, The Arrival, And The Start Of A Week In Austin
b EIA Underestimating Renewable Energy Growth, Analysis Finds
t Tibetians - A Gene For High Altitude Living
b European Stocks Seen Opening Firm After Fed Minutes
t Google Glass Try At Home Before You Buy Program Now Open To Prospective  ...
m Mentally ill young people's lives at risk because of Coalition cuts, says charity
e Rolf Harris found guilty on 12 charges
e Costner predicts enduring impact for NFL tale 'Draft Day'
e 22 Jump Street a truly funny sequel
t Future iPhones Could Capture 'Super-Resolution' Photos Using Optical Image  ...
t Why Are Astronauts Cool Again?
b $550M Settlement Reached with SunTrust over Foreclosure Abuses
e Will Ferrell Challenges Chad Smith of the Red Hot Chili Peppers to a Drum Off
t Apple refreshes iPad range: iPad 2 ditched, iPad 4 with Retina now entry-level  ...
e Future 'Indiana Jones' movies may recast Bradley Cooper as Indy
b Mortgage Interest Rates Remain Steady at US Bank Corp on March 17, 2014
t Windows 8.1 Update Installation now only requires 3GB of space
t Facebook exec's regret falls on deaf ears
b Europe Reels in Aftermath of Political “Earthquake” As Extreme Right & Left  ...
e Guardians of the Galaxy
t Google's Earnings Disappoint Investors
t Potentially dangerous asteroids could wipe out major city says ex-astronaut
t With Gnip Buy, Twitter Starts Taking Its Data Business Seriously
b 30 and 15 Year Refinance and Mortgage Rates at Bank of America Mar 20
t Operation Dry Water is June 27-29 statewide
b 'Big Data' Revolution Has Farmers Nationwide Concerned
t Apple's $119.6 million verdict against Samsung remains,...
b 3rd object spotted by satellite brings new lead in jet search
t Samsung Officially Launches Galaxy K Zoom On Amazon India
b Ifo report: Germany business confidence index down to 110.4 in May
e PHOTO Nick and Vanessa Lachey announce second pregnancy in a sweet way
e Tupac Shakur's final dying words revealed by retired police officer
e Miranda Kerr - Miranda Kerr Drops Bisexuality Hint
m Spinal Cord Stimulation Brings Movement to Paraplegics
t Look, no hands: Google making its own self-driving cars
t Samsung Galaxy S5 water resistance demonstrated
e Miley Cyrus Goes Topless Before Her Shower on Instagram!
b For its next trick, Netflix is out to prove it's no House of Cards
e Sir Paul McCartney in hospital battling serious mystery virus during tour in Japan
e Robin Thicke's 'Paula' Is Pathetic
t 'Watch Dogs' Release Date, Gameplay & Trailer: Game's Pre-order Sales Break  ...
t Alarming Predictions In White House Climate Change Report
e Diane Sawyer steps aside from ABC's World News
e J. J. Abrams Wants You To Be In 'Star Wars: Episode VII'
e Boyhood Beautifully Blurs The Lines Between Film And Reality
b Coca-Cola to Remove Controversial Ingredient Linked to Memory Loss, Skin  ...
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Deals Emerge Ahead of Release Date
t Titanfall Xbox One Confirmed at 792p Resolution
m Hot Dogs, Salami May Raise Men's Heart Failure Risk
b Live Blog: Follow the Federal Reserve Decision and Janet Yellen's Press  ...
m Low-carb vegan diet reduces weight, heart disease risk : Study
t Facebook allowing greater control over ads
e Khloe Kardashian Spotted Doing Walk of Shame From Rumored Boyfriend  ...
e Mad Men final season: The five best music moments
e OBIT: Brooklyn native and iconic Hollywood actor Mickey Rooney dies at 93
t Call for action over climate change
e 'Star Wars' Spinoff Movie Will Be Helmed By 'Godzilla' Director Gareth Edwards
b No settlement reached yet for EPA violations against Fall River Water Department
e Black Keys stream Turn Blue on iTunes Radio, send Twitter into meltdown
e Woman dominates 'American Ninja Warrior' obstacle course
b Shell profit falls 45 per cent to $4.51 billion in first quarter due to refineries  ...
e 'Jeopardy!' host Alex Trebek earns a Guinness World Record
b Valeant Lifts Allergan Bid, Defends Business Model
e Robert Pattinson, Julianne Moore in first Maps to the Stars trailer
t Google Services are no more vulnerable to HeartBleed
e LIer Chuck D named 'ambassador' of Record Store Day 2014
t Oculus Rift: From $2.4 million Kickstarter to $2 billion sale
e Avengers Age of Ultron: Robert Downey Jr. Shares First Official Set Photo
e Ariana Grande, Nicki Minaj and Jessie J kick off the MTV VMAs
e Jessica Simpson Marries Eric Johnson in Star-Studded Wedding!
t Untethered Jailbreak For iOS 7.1 Allegedly Being Produced By Evasi0n
t Facebook buying virtual-reality company for $2B
e Harry Styles Dines Out In Los Angeles As Ex Kendall Jenner Makes One  ...
m Novartis heart drug fails to win FDA backing
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 vs Samsung Galaxy S4 – Price and Specs Comparison
e Vote to let Tess Boyer sing another day
t Gmail May Soon Get a Complete New Look
b Pending Sales of Existing Homes Rise Most in Four Years
t Twitter's 8th birthday brings #FirstTweets, end of #hashtags?
t GameOver Zeus: Over 15000 machines in UK infected with virus used to steal  ...
m Small Meditation Sessions Shrink Stress
e Thai Military Relaxes Curfew to Boost Tourism -- Update
t Facebook apologizes for carrying out secret mood experiments
b BlackBerry Hops on Amazon Bandwagon
e Kickstarter Campaign Begins For Neil Young's Music Player
t Another try at a neutral Net
b American Apparel Inc.: American Apparel Signs Support Agreement with  ...
t Spacecraft survives 'blood moon' eclipse seen from Americas
t Facebook Manipulated User News Feeds To Create Emotional Contagion
b Dozens arrested in credit card fraud crackdown
m FDA Panel Gives Exact's Colon Cancer Test Ringing Endorsement
e Tyler, The Creator arrested for SXSW riot
e Chris Martin joins the US version of The Voice
e Anna Paquin Celebrates The End Of True Blood With A Simple Black Dress  ...
b Gazprom, OMV sign South Stream pipeline deal (OGZPY)
t Gay marriage row: Mozilla boss 'victim of intolerance'
t Apple pulls off surprise as strong iPhone sales balance weak iPad demand
e Review: FX's Fargo Is a Wood-Chipper Off the Old Block
e HBO Shows Heading to Amazon Prime (But No Game of Thrones)
t SpaceX wants to launch military payloads
e Joss Whedon, James Gunn Show Support For Edgar Wright After 'Ant-Man  ...
t The Under-The-Radar Battle Between Apple and Samsung
b Why King Digital Entertainment (KING) Stock Is Up In Pre-Market Trading Monday
e Justices split in 'Raging Bull' decision
b Apple close to buying Beats for $3.2 billion: Report
b RI maintains the nation's highest unemployment rate, despite drop / Graphic
m Most men would rather be in pain than just sit and think
t 5 major Android keyboards now confirmed for iOS 8
m MERS Spreads Person-to-person in U.S.
m King bids to reassure Saudis as MERS deaths hit 85
e Video: 20 strangers kiss
m How Physician Payment Scrutiny Leads to Health Care Rationing
t SpaceX to Launch Dragon Supply Ship to Space Station Today: Watch It Live
b Merger madness: AbbVie and Shire agree to tie knot
b Séralini says GM study retraction was based on 'unscientific double standards'
e The New Yorker Posted Two Different Terry Gross Parodies Within 24 Hours
b Senator Blunt's Response To Supreme Court's EPA Ruling
e Kanye & Kim's Wedding Kiss Photo Not So Candid Afterall
e Watch 'The Hobbit: The Battle Of The Five Armies' Teaser Trailer in HD
m Coffee may be good for your eyes, study suggests
e Leonardo DiCaprio 'clapped for Orlando Bloom' during Justin Bieber fight
t Hacker hero video game 'Watch Dogs' to be let loose
e Anger as former UK entertainer Rolf Harris gets light prison sentence for child  ...
m 2 Your Health: Teens Turn to Hookahs; US Citizen Tested for Ebola
e Obama calls 9/11 museum 'sacred place of healing'
e Crowe, Watson took dance lessons together
e Good or Bad Neighbor? Zac Efron, Seth Rogen & Cast of 'Neighbors' Speak Out
e Katy Perry Now Has Own Music Label!
e Chris Brown faces another ride on `Con Air¿
e Meet a new alien from Star Wars Episode VII
e Nicole Richie brings popular Web series to VH1
e 'Dancing With the Stars' recap: Latin Night bares all
e How 'Mad Men' Helped Build AMC Into a Cable Powerhouse
b Will San Antonio Mortgage Rates Increase in 2014?
e French Court Orders Jewish Museum Shooter's Extradition
b Boeing sees $5.2tn jet market over 20 years
b Tesla Stock Falls On Quiet Q1
e US Airways Spokesman On Nude Tweet: 'It Was An Honest Mistake'
t REAL Universal remote: Apple wants to turn iPhone into remote for lights, TV  ...
e 'Star Wars: Episode 7' cast finally unveiled
b Google Shares Slump on Disappointing Earnings
t Twitter adds 16 million users as earnings top expectations
b Claude Smadja: A warning for Europe
t Best Earth-like exoplanet yet has been found
b Hong Kong stocks fall further after China data
t 2015 Ram ProMaster City Offers Best-In-Class Features
t FNB to offer Galaxy S5
e Leonardo DiCaprio Snubs Jordan Belfort
t Nintendo earnings nosedives: RIP Wii U?
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West fly to Ireland for honeymoon new Celebrity TV  ...
e 'The Walking Dead' Season 4 Finale: So, What Exactly Is Terminus?
b Inverted Thinking on Corporate Taxes
m Kifowit Draws Attention to Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder
t Facebook sets new user posts to 'friends only' by default
e 'Maleficent' exposes roots of Disney's wicked witch
b China offered to pay Gazprom rates higher than around $9/mmbtu - sources
e 'Modern Family' and 'Breaking Bad' win big at Emmy Awards
b Barclays faces charges over dark pool fraud
t OK Cupid Made Bad Matches On Purpose
e Shield actor: I gunned down my wife
e Divorce: Grieve while unwinding
e LiLo slams 'fabricated' story about her drinking vodka during interview
b Flat is the new up as home sales tread water
e Kim Kardashian Shares Sweet Pic With North West and Anna Wintour
b ATK Announces Plan to Create Two Independent, Publicly Traded Companies  ...
b Water Main Under LA Sunset Boulevard Breaks, Flood Hits UCLA
m AHIP Blasts 'Unsustainable' Drug Costs
e Tom Cruise Stealth Dating Scientologist Laura Prepon
t Apple earmarks more cash for shareholders, prepares 7-for-1 stock split
b Stocks reach record highs...again
b Five Richest Tech Moguls Expected at Sun Valley
t FTC: Snapchat misled users
e Miranda Lambert wouldn't admit to being pregnant
t Supreme Court rules against Internet startup Aereo in copyright fight with  ...
b Nasdaq suffers biggest loss in 2.5 years
t Microsoft rushes to fix browser bug after attacks
m Semen, Sperm Defects Signs of High Risk of Dying Men - Study
e MTV Movie Awards to pause the silliness for Paul Walker
m UK slides in 'mother rankings'
e Fast & Furious 7's Keeping It In The Family Post-Paul Walker's Death
e Video: The Directors and Producer of Captain America: The Winter Soldier
b GE adds jobs to boost bid for Alstom power assets
b Express, Inc. Skyrockets After Sycamore's Buyout Offer
t Decoding latest Apple-Samsung dispute: Apple gets $120 million
e Rare footage shows FDR walking
b Ag markets diverged widely Tuesday afternoon
e Sarah Silverman Brings Weed To The Emmys
t NSA Exploited Heartbleed For It's Own Use
b What a Zillow/Trulia Merger Might Mean For Consumers
t How to get a car to the top of the Empire State Building
m Military Conflicts in Pakistan Push Virus Spread, WHO Declares Polio a Global  ...
t LG 4K OLED TV to go out on sale this week
e Lavish weddings the norm for celebrity Romeos
t Spy agencies deny NSA exploited 'Heartbleed' bug
b Quick facts: Summing up AT&T-DirecTV deal
e Kendall Jenner's Kardashian shame
e Ann Curry rescued by Boy Scouts after breaking leg on hike
e N. Korea Blasts Seth Rogen, James Franco Comedy Targeting Kim Jong-Un for  ...
t Experts: How consumers can protect themselves online
e Drake and Chris Brown Mock Their Bar Brawl in Funny Skit at 2014 ESPYS
t DRIVERS ED
e Ann Hornday rebuked by Judd Apatow, Seth Rogen over California shooting piece
b Kitty Litter The Cause Of Radiation Leak
t DOT Rejects Park-It Warning for GM's Recalled Cars
b Virgin America Starts Offering Tickets to Love Field
b California back in running for new Tesla battery plant
t These Are Some of the 250 Official New Emojis That'll Soon Show Up on Your  ...
e Jonah Hill Calls Paparazzi "Faggot" In L.A.
b Gold: 'Supported by Militants and Doves'
b Janet Yellen to Senate: 'recovery is not yet complete'
b HP to cut up to 16000 more jobs 0
t iOS 8 beta download, release date September: Continuity feature, HealthKit, and  ...
e This is what texts between Anna Wintour and Rihanna might look like
b Dell Named As a 2014 World's Most Ethical Company by The Ethisphere Institute
e Pico Rivera, Whittier officials launch campaign against illegal fireworks
t Having Faith In Apple+Beats
b Jury is still out on Obamacare success
t Artificial DNA breakthrough: 'Alien' life form created, are humans playing God?
e Jude Law & Madalina Ghenea Take a Selfie at 'Dom Hemingway' NYC Screening!
e 'Dancing With The Stars' Week 5 Recap & The Shocking Elimination
t Suit alleges second ignition defect in GM recall
b First day of Pulaski Skyway closure uneventful
m Want to Keep Your Brain Healthy? Learn a Second Language
e Wyatt Earp gun sells for $225000
m Study subjects prefer electric shocks to quiet time
b US close: Stocks rise after comments from Yellen and Putin
t Google unveils health tracking platform Google Fit at I/O developer conference
b SAP announces leadership appointments
e Craig Zadan, Neil Meron returning to produce 2015 Oscars
t T-Mobile's Music Freedom Streams Songs Without Eating Into Your Data
b New York prosecutor probes high-speed trading: source
b Russian Oligarch Dmitry Rybolovlev's $4.5 Billion Divorce Could Be The Most  ...
m Autism can be detected before birth
e American Top 40s Casey Kasem Dead At 82
e Fallon, Crosby, Stills & Nash: Quartet Gets 'Fancy' on 'Tonight Show'
t After 20 days, gas prices finally stop rising — for now
m 'Autism rates soar 30% in 2 years,' CDC say
b Crude price set to rally
t Office 365 Personal Only $6.99/Month for the iPad
t HTC One M8 priced on EE, on sale on Three
b Coach Shares Are Plunging - Here Are Three Reasons The Company Is In Trouble
e More 'Star Wars' casting news?
e Batman vs. Superman movie finally gets an official title
m US lawmakers cite 'dangerous pattern' of lapses at CDC
e Box Office: 'Rio 2' Beats 'Captain America: Winter Soldier' With $12 Million Friday
b Is Snapchat Worth $10 Billion? Kleiner Perkins Reportedly Plans To Invest $20  ...
b Interest rate hike and property downturn warning from Bank for International  ...
t Apple-IBM alliance may hit a speed bump in China
b New setback in search for the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370
t Oculus didn't expect such a negative reaction to Facebook deal
b AG Schneiderman Announces $70 Million Lawsuit Against Fedex for...
m 11 African nations agree to tackle deadly Ebola epidemic
t Swell deal might see Apple ready to shell out $30 million
b Alibaba aiming to raise $1 bil. in IPO
t iOS 7.1 update live
t Scientists Build Life Form That Adds Letters to Genetic Code (1)
e New behind the scenes video from 'Game Of Thrones' revealed – watch
b Citigroup, GameStop, Lululemon are stocks to watch
b GM issues 3 new recalls unrelated to switch
t HTC confirms hiring former Samsung marketing officer
b Current Mortgage Rates at Citizens Bank, BMO Harris Mar 23
e Paramount apologizes for controversial 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' 9/11 poster
e Sarah Michelle Gellar Slams Kim Kardashian Vogue Cover, Talks Cancelling  ...
e Miley Cyrus, Moby, Flaming Lips team up for mental new video
b Firth Rixson deal 'made in heaven'
t NASA discovers Earth-sized planet that may be inhabitable
e Chris Brown Assault Trial Delayed Until Late June
m Caregivers often pick up phones at mealtime
m FDA to issue salt guidelines for the food industry
m Foster Farms issues recall after case of salmonella
b UCLA athletic director Dan Guerrero says Pauley Pavilion will be ready for  ...
e Jon Hamm: When Mad Men ends, there will be tears, fist fights and hair-pulling
e Famous faces join family gathering for funeral of Peaches Geldof, who died aged  ...
e Alexander Wang partners H&M on new collection
e Actor Michael Jace charged in wife's shooting death
b Forex Market: EUR/JPY daily forecast
b 27/08/2014IMF chief charged with 'negligence' over graft case
e JK Rowling gives readers a glimpse of adult Harry Potter in a new story
b Hong Kong shares sink 1.68%
e Malcolm Young Taking Break From AC/DC Due To Health Issues
b GDP Report Fits Positive Stock Market, Q2 Earnings - Ahead of Wall Street
e The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back  ...
e Michael Jackson Best Cover Songs: We Remember The King Of Pop 5 Years  ...
m Breast cancer survivor battles Facebook over mastectomy photos
b 4 solid small caps beating the market
e These Jem Casting Choices Are Truly Outrageous
b China April soybean imports climb around 60 pct on year
e Amazon Unveils Amazon Prime Music, a New Ad-Free Streaming Service
e The "Friends" Ladies Reunited On "Kimmel" And It Was Perfect
e 12 Movies to Watch After You See 'Transformers: Age of Extinction'
e Godzilla The Legend Lives On
b Satya Nadella: Microsoft Plans To Offer Windows For Wearable Computers
e Thor Is Getting Gender-Flipped. Officially.
b JD.com IPO Shows Allure Of Chinese E-Commerce
b IRS Eases Up on Banks Making FATCA Effort
e VMAs: About Nicki Minaj's wardrobe malfunction
b Scientific Games strikes $3.3-billion cash deal to buy slot machine maker Bally  ...
t Rhapsody Unveils 'unRadio'
e Tony's death . . . or not
t General William Shelton discusses problems with SpaceX and Russia
b Ackman Renews His Vows Against HerbaLife Ltd. (NYSE:HLF)
b Burger King In Talks To Buy Tim Hortons: Is Canada Becoming A Tax Haven?
e Lost another one: Stacy Keibler got married
e Khloé Kardashian Calls Kim Out for Bragging About Fitness During Hike With  ...
b July 4 gas prices set for 6-year high
e Amy Purdy, Charlie White Excel on Season Premiere of 'Dancing with the Stars'
e Heston Has Best Cookbook, But Nancy Silverton Wins James Beard's Main Prize
m Flesh-Eating Bacteria Found in Florida Ocean, Health Officials Issue Warning
b Wal-Mart's new tool gives competitors prices
m Ebola outbreak could last for months, officials warn
m Decatur County battles cancer through Relay for Life
b US Weekly Jobless Claims Rebound From Fourteen-Year Low
e Beyoncé fuels Jay Z cheating rumours with changed lyric on On The Run tour
b US Dollar Subdued
b Russian consumer rights watchdog shuts a McDonald's outlet in Astrakhan  ...
b US drugs giant Pfizer ready with £50-plus bid after AstraZeneca take just fours  ...
t UN Panel Warns Climate Change May Destabilize Human Society
t Rumor: LG G3 May Launch in May
b Even as the economy improves, you might not feel better; here's why
t UAE plans to establish a space agency, send first Arab spaceship to Mars in  ...
e Captain America: Winter Soldier Tops "Rio 2" for Box Office Victory
t UAE plans to send first Arab spaceship to Mars by 2021
e ACM Awards 2014: Highlights
b BLM races to keep up with wells in the West
b Budget carrier easyJet upgrades first-half outlook
m Key events in latest Israeli-Palestinian fighting
e Colbert Blows Up Official Twitter Account
t OnePlus One: Premium Features, Entry-Level Price
b Oracle close to buying Micros for over $5bn
m Not doing enough exercise causing obesity epidemic
t Xbox One Will Support External Storage This June
e 'Bachelor' star Courtney Robertson predicts future for Nikki and Juan Pablo
e Mick Jagger's £6m love-nest plans for tragic lover L'Wren Scott
b US consumer spending higher by 0.3 percent in February
e Orthodox Christians celebrate Palm Sunday
e 7 Parkour Films To Watch Instead of 'Brick Mansions'
t Google buys music streaming service Songza
b Source: Credit Suisse To Pay $1.6B In US Tax Probe
e Gordon Willis dead
b US employers add 209K jobs, but unemployment rate rises to 6.2 pct.
m Guinea: "fever" takes hold of the people in Conakry
b Pfizer defends 'powerhouse' Astra deal
t Google Fit is Google's play to track health data for Android apps
e Oh Baby! Ciara Celebrates Her Baby Shower With Kim Kardashian and LaLa  ...
t Xbox One Pre-Orders Now Available In China
e Giorgio Armani flirts with nostalgia at Milan men's Fashion Week
t Starbucks Begins Deployment of 100000 Wireless Smartphone Charging  ...
t High court rejects Google appeal in snooping case
e Rolling Stones' Keith Richards crafts first children's story
e Noah Movie Review
t Apple slashes MacBook Air prices & boosts speed, starting at $899
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Cover Vogue as  ...
e 'SNL' Scorecard: Too Bad We Didn't Have Any Of Seth Rogen's Drugs
e WATCH: The Fifty Shades Of Grey Trailer Scared The Roots Silly On Jimmy Fallon
e The tortured Geldof family say goodbye to tragic Peaches - may they find the  ...
e Reza Farahan Disses Kim Kardashian Vogue Cover: Kanye West Paid For It!
t New Dwarf Planet Discovered in The 'Inner Oort Cloud'
b Long Island job creation slowest in four months
b Google misses Q1 2014 earnings with $15.42 billion in revenue
t Breakthrough method synthesizes single crystal graphene on semiconductor wafer
b Nationwide, the jobless rate stood at 6.7 percent in February.
t Diablo 3 Auction-House is now offline
e Extra Scoop: Miley Cyrus' Stolen Maserati Found!
e Obama hails 'true spirit' of 9/11 at new Ground Zero museum
e #SadKanye: Kanye West Zip-Lining Pic Inspires Hilarious Memes [PHOTOS]
t Tweetdeck XSS Flaw Causes Havoc
t The NSA Denies Exploiting The Heartbleed Bug, What If It's Telling The Truth?
b Target names new CIO after data breach
t Microsoft reveals Xbox One entertainment console
t Google, Novartis to create 'smart' contact lenses
t Google+ update focuses on photo organization and sharing
b Public Knowledge; AT&T/DirecTV Should Be Blocked
b Pfizer Under Fire in Europe, US as it Weighs Next Astra Move
t Watch Microsoft Surface event live webcast starting at 8:30PM IST
e Richard Gere, Padma Lakshmi reportedly dating
e Kerry Washington has learnt a lot from pregnancy
b California drivers face big credit card breach Stolen credentials
e Emma Watson Stuns at the Christian Dior show During Paris Fashion Week!
b Coldwater Creek to close all stores
b China profits boost Asian stock markets
b Amazon and Hachette: The dispute in 13 easy steps
b Rising rates may not be a bad thing
t Facebook Just Made A Big Change To Privacy Settings
b 30 Year Mortgage Rates at Quicken Loans, US Bankcorp Mar 23
b Possible successor at JP Morgan, Michael Cavanagh, takes newly created post  ...
b GLOBAL MARKETS-World shares hover near record high
b GM Recalls Another 2.4 Million Vehicles
t Ice influence will prevent some cold spells
t Climate change to disrupt food supplies, brake growth
e Wheel of Fortune Contestant Pulls Answer Out of Hat
t Apple Updates The MacBook Air With Improved Processors And $899 Starting  ...
t Snowden Says He Has No Regrets
e The Bachelorette Spoilers: Nick Viall TRASHES Josh Murray, Talks About Finale  ...
t BMW Recalling A Half-Million Vehicles Worldwide
b Supreme Court trims EPA's ability to regulate greenhouse gas emissions
b Spy Vs. Spy Game Has High Stakes at China, US Companies
t Microsoft's Euro cloud darkens: Redmond must let feds into foreign servers
e Fed approval for powdered alcohol issued in error
e Demi Lovato opens up on bipolar disorder
e Leonardo DiCaprio auctions space travel ticket
t No need to fear Friday the 13th
e The many loves of George Clooney
t Toyota Agrees to $1.2 Billion US Fine for Hiding Car Malfunctions
t Google Street View heads back in time
m FDA Approves Lilly's Gastric Cancer Drug - Quick Facts
t Google Looks to Open Android to Flourishing Wearables Market with SDK
e Actor-singer Herb Jeffries dies
t Apple Inc. (AAPL) aims to increase safety with "transparent texting"
e George R.R. Martin Says a 'Game of Thrones' Movie Could “Tie Things Up”
e Kurt Cobain - New Kurt Cobain Death Scene Photos Released
e Usher Performs Medley at BET Awards
e Drew Barrymore's half-sister found dead in car
t Earth sister planet 500 lightyears away
m Kansans take part in Kick Butts Day
t Tesla to open source all its patents in the name of innovation
b Militants claim sabotage on Nigerian oil line
e Rapper Chris Brown ordered to remain in jailPublish Date: Mar 18, 2014
t Google Seeks "World's Best Pokemon Master"
t 'Mario Kart 8' Isn't Saving Nintendo: Poor Sales Of Wii U Hit Earnings
t 7 points to consider Microsoft Surface Pro 3 as a winner
b Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Updates FY14 Earnings Guidance
e Megan Fox on Baby: Motherhood Is 'Consuming,' Admits Feeling Mommy Guilt
t Stanford Scientists Celebrate Evidence of Universe's Early Growth
t Scientists Claim a Violent Collision Knocked the Moon on its Side
b It's official: Apple buys Beats Electronics for $3bn
t What time is Channel Four's Live From Space tonight? Details on the out of this  ...
t As Microsoft ends support for XP, financial firms look to Linux, Windows XP for  ...
b BP's Oil Compensation Has Been 'Uneven' And Gulf Residents Are Furious
m Anti-depressants in pregnancy linked to autism
t Motorola launches Moto E at Rs 6990
b Australia shares rise 0.8 pct, local jobs, China trade data support
e Keke Palmer Is Totally Chic at BET Awards 2014!
e L'Wren's sister 'frozen out' by Jagger
b Starbucks Revamps App to Become Even More Innovative in Mobile Payments  ...
t Facebook's big problem: ethical blindness
e Watch this amazing ending on 'Wheel of Fortune'
t Google acquisiton of Songza ads new note to company's digital strategy
b Best Mortgage Deals at Wells Fargo for Wednesday March 12
t Calif. Smartphone 'Kill Switch' Bill Filed
e Derby Star Wars fan "feels the force" as date set to start filming in the UK
e Kim Kardashian Worries North West Will Face Racism
t Rumor again claims Apple's jumbo-sized 5.5" iPhone will launch after new  ...
e Miley Cyrus' tour bus goes up in flames en route to concert
b Bayer wins Merck & Co's $14 bln consumer unit auction
m Japanese Scientist Falsified Data in Breakthrough Stem Cell Research
b FOREX-Dollar firms on inflation data, Aussie slips after RBA minutes
t One of the most Earth-like planets in the galaxy has been discovered 'a stone's  ...
m Liberian doctor who received rare Ebola drug dies
e GLAAD Media Award Winners: Jennifer Lopez Praises "Cool" Gay Aunt, Laverne  ...
m Health officials: Whooping cough is epidemic in Calif.
e New 'X-Men' movie recaptures magic of originals
e Lindsay Lohan left red faced as her credit cards are declined
e The Talker: Zac Efron punched while in skid row
e Sheryl Sandberg, Anna Maria Chavez Launch "Ban Bossy" Campaign
e Christine Baranski on The Good Wife's Big Exit: I'm Still in Disbelief
m Up to 5000 exposed to hepatitis at Mo. restaurant - Quincy Herald-Whig | Illinois  ...
e Jennny Lewis Talks New Album 'The Voyager' And Old Movie 'The Wizard'
b Aust. stocks follow Wall St lower
t Ambitious Dropbox launches new apps
e Boston Man Arrested For Allegedly Raping 17-Year-Old Girl At Keith Urban  ...
e 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' Review: Clang Clang Clang Went the Robots
t Hayhoe participates in climate assessment
t Tech Five: Google, Apple entering smart home market?
t Found: Earth-size diamond in space!
m Goodbye to All That Four Loko: The End of an Era of Cheap Drinking
e Eminem, Rihanna to Perform 'The Monster' at MTV Movie Awards ...
b Three-day Lufthansa strike begins, massive travel disruptions expected
t HTC Brings Accessories Galore For The HTC One M8
m Missouri Red Robin may have exposed 5000 to hepatitis
m Medical breakthrough: New blood test could be a quick accurate way to detect  ...
t President Obama Creates Strategy to Protect Honey Bees
t Nokia announces €99 X2: Microsoft still loves Android
e Page Six Claims Solange Knowles Attacked Jay-Z Over Rihanna
b GE receives Hollande boost in attempt to buy Alstom
b Plus One for Ackman: FTC Opens Investigation Into Herbalife
t Can Facebook Help You Find Your Friends Without Being Creepy?
b US Dollar (USD) Exchange Rate Rallying; Forecast Dependent on Heavy Data  ...
b MH17 tragedy reveals need for flight path overhaul
t AT&T First To Confirm Availability of Samsung Galaxy Tab S On Its Network In US
t UN issues warning over global warming delay
t Google pranks the world by putting Pokemon in Google Maps
m VIRAL: Dying zookeeper gets sweet goodbye from beloved giraffe
e Former 'Scandal' actor Columbus Short arrested in Texas
t EU and South Korea plan for 5G-connected smart homes and cars
t Great white shark tagged in Cape Cod found 3685 miles away in Florida
e Director of Gregg Allman movie, 2 more indicted in fatal Georgia train crash
m A Race Against Time: West Africa Fears Further Outbreaks of Ebola
t HTC One 2014 hands-on review: this could be the smartphone of the year
e Last Night's Game of Thrones Launched a Thousand Fan Meltdowns
e Drew Barrymore Just Had Another, Presumably Very Adorable, Kid
b Burger King (BKW) in talks to buy up Tim Hortons (T.THI), stocks up sharply
e Millionaire killer's stamp could fetch $US20m
e Why Jon Favreau's "Chef" Could Only Happen in LA
t Hackers Target Australian iPhone Users, Demand Ransom
b 4 more things IBA readers want to know about final Obamacare numbers
t Octopus mum protects her eggs for an astonishing 4-1/2 years
m Physical activity prevents loss of mobility in older adults, Pitt researchers say
b S&P Dow Jones Indices Market Attributes: US Index Dashboard, March 31 2014
b Lockheed Wins Space Radar Contract - Analyst Blog
t Asus 'under pressure to scrap Windows-Android hybrid PC plans'
t China Bans Use of Microsoft's Windows 8 on Government Computers
e Mila Kunis jokes about engagement to Ashton Kutcher
m Autism diagnoses surge by 30 percent in kids, CDC reports
e #CancelColbert Failed. Look Who's Laughing Now
b UK lawmaker says BoE handling of forex probe 'not encouraging'
b EUR/GBP Weekly Fundamental Analysis June 16 – 20, 2014 Forecast
b British PM seeks to allay AstraZeneca purchase fears
e Selena Gomez is 'different' around Justin Bieber
b Entwistle to step down as Telus chief in May, Natale to take helm
e Game of Thrones Recap: Season 4, Episode 4, "Oathkeeper"
e Mad Men Review: “The Runaways” (Season 7, Episode 5)
t Maine gas prices rise 2.4 cents a gallon
t Heartbleed: Why Changing Your Passwords Isn't Enough
b AUGUSTA, Maine (AP) — Maine's unemployment fell slightly to 6.2 percent in  ...
t Micromax, Spice and Karbonn coming with Android One
e Newsmakers: Brown gets more jail time
e Paul McCartney returns to stage after hospitalization
e 10 Great pictures from 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' premiere events
b Car Sales Soar in May; GM Avoids Fallout From Recalls
e Floyd Mayweather Jr. DEFENDS Justin Bieber After His Leaked Racist Joke!
e Video of mother bear rescuing cub from side of BC highway garners more than  ...
e What have the stars been up to this week?
t Iceland lowers aviation alert; no signs of imminent volcano eruption
m Sign-ups for health care may miss goal
t [PHOTOS] Ford Unveils Mustang 50 Year Limited Edition Model [WANT]
t Amazon Free Streaming Media Service Likely to Launch Soon
b Potential for US average corn and soybean yields
t THE BIG BLOOD MOON
e Michael Jace pleads not guilty to killing wife in Los Angeles
e LeVar Burton Launches Kickstarter Campaign to Revive 'Reading Rainbow'
t Identical twin astronauts to participate in unique space study
b Pending Home Sales Up in May
t Windows Phone share sinks in US and China. Can anything save this OS?
e Aronofsky's 'Noah' is one of the Most Ridiculous, Magnificent Movies, Ever
e Lions Gate's 'Divergent' Estimate Lowered Again to $54 Million
t CBS (CBS) Names Stephen Colbert as Next Host of 'The Late Show'
e Review: Tatiana Maslany keeps dazzling in 'Orphan Black' season 2
b Osborne says critics proved 'wrong'
e Queen Plans New Album With Unreleased Freddie Mercury Songs
b UBS pays 300 million euros to end German tax row
b Estimate: No Bertha drilling for a year
t Apple, Comcast in talks over TV
b American Apparel: Time to change your sexually exploitive ways
e Lana Del Rey - Lana Del Rey Debuts At Number One In Us
e Army: Bergdahl on a routine, reading media reports
t Spotify UI adopts darker colors for unity across platforms
t Apple Reports $45.6 Billion in Fiscal Q2 Revenue
e BWW Reviews: VIOLET is an Underappreciated Musical Gem
e Jenny McCarthy's 10 Carat Yellow Sapphire Engagement Ring: All The Details  ...
t Will Songza Push Google to No. 1 on Streaming Charts?
m RECALL: 1.8 million pounds of ground beef recalled over E. coli contamination
e Clarissa Serna vs Jeremy Briggs: Who Won 'The Voice' Head-to-Head? [Video]
e Fox News hires 'Clueless' actress Stacey Dash as contributor
b Obamacare deadline today
e Freddie Prinze Jr. Blasts Keifer Sutherland, Vince McMahon at Comic-Con
t Tech companies urge US to scrap 'net neutrality' plan
m UN envoy: Flight bans hamper fight vs Ebola
e Churches announce Easter plans
e Watch: Solange kick and punch Jay Z as Beyonce looks on
m Ailing Bills legend Jim Kelly gets a hospital visit from Thurman Thomas, and they  ...
b Markets Slightly Lower As Bullard Hints Lower Rates Could Come Sooner Than  ...
t 'Flappy Bird' will fly back to app stores
t Report: Apple Close to Scooping Up Beats for $3.2B
b US film and television crews to be allowed to shoot from drones
t Iceland Lowers Aviation Alert Level, No Fly Zone Lifted
e VIDEO Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez sexy dance to Ordinary People
m FedEx charged with assisting illegal pharmacies
e The ALS Ice Bucket Challenge Campaign and Why it's So Successful.
t Instagram adds nine new editing tools, makes filters adjustable
e Disney animator reveals what 'Frozen' would've looked like as a 2D, hand-drawn  ...
m Facebook friend inspires morbidly obese man to lose nearly 400 pounds
b three suspects in custody in mine disaster probe
e The Voice Finale results: Josh Kaufman wins season 6
e 'Mad Men' Season 7, Episode 1: What we learned; what we didn't; puzzling  ...
e Who Was John Duka? Looking for the Heart of The Normal Heart
e First Official Trailer of 'Orange is the New Black' Season 2 Unveiled
e Imminent rains to ruin Kim Kardashian's wedding day?
b CMO Today: Marissa Mayer Makes Yahoo's Case at Cannes
m A routine pelvic exam saved my life. Physicians shouldn't stop doing them.
b Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd (ADR) Receives Consensus  ...
t Still running Windows XP? Top 10 ways to stay secure in Enterprise…
b 10-year yield highest in a month on Fed jitters
b Airbnb's $10 billion value a sign of sharing-economy momentum
b Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac to pay US $10.2 billion more in dividends
e HBO's Amazon Deal Without 'Thrones' Shows Cable Loyalty
b Inmarsat offers free airline tracking service
b FTSE100 set to rebound after inflation jolt
e 'Nazi art' collector dies aged 81
e Nauseating 'NY Post' Article Calls L'Wren Scott the Rolling Stones' Yoko Ono
e Lana Del Rey Says She Performed At Kimye's Pre-Wedding Ceremony For Free  ...
b China satellite finds object near Malaysia jet search area
e Lupita Nyong'o Named People's "Most Beautiful Person in the World"
b Corn-Based Biofuel Production Could Generate More CO2 Than Gasoline
t Google Inc (GOOGL) agrees to pay some Samsung liability costs
b Fla's unemployment rate remains steady at 6.2 percent even though state added  ...
b Shire Plc. Rejects $46B Takeover Offer from AbbVie Inc (ABBV)
m Mass. granted permanent custody of Justina Pelletier
e Jodie Foster weds artist girlfriend Alexandra Hedison in weekend ceremony
b Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 goes down over Ukraine under dubious  ...
b OIL COLUMN – Brent edge higher on Tuesday
e MOVIE BLOG: Review – 'Tammy'
t Nokia Lumia 1020 vs Samsung Galaxy K Zoom – Which is the Better Choice?
e The Teaser Trailer For Horrible Bosses 2 Is Here
t Sony's PlayStation Network Under Cyber Attack Again
e Robin Thicke admits he hasn't seen Paula Patton in four months
e Whitney Houston Lifetime Movie in the Works, Angela Bassett Directing
t Apple continues to climb after earnings
b FOREX-Dollar off to slow start in event-packed week
m Illinois House OKs Cannabis for Epilepsy Patients
t Apple And Google Head To Functional Fashion
e Court Case Over Cloud-Based Over-the-Air TV Provider Aereo May Affect Other  ...
e Jay Z's fallen out with Kanye West over marital advice
e Adding on to the Kardashians
e Amy Adams gives first class plane seat to US soldier
b Top ECB Policymaker Says Strong Euro is Hurting Consumer Prices
e Jay Z To Stand For Kanye West At Paris Wedding
m CONSUMER ALERT: Wal-Mart recalling 174000 dolls over burn risk
b Juniper Networks, Inc. (JNPR) Releases Q2 Earnings Guidance
e American Idol's Top 9: Who Rocked (and Who Got Censored)?
t Instagram shows steady growth with nearly 200mln active users
e Unpacking Last Night's Mad Men: Time Zones And Timepieces
b Holiday drivers expected to shrug off high gas prices
e 'Game of Thrones' actress on her brutal finale fight: 'I was screaming, going insane'
m Ebola virus spreading fast, African health ministers meet for solutions
e 'We need the crucifixion and the resurrection' : Christians meet at the cross on  ...
t Starbucks may sway the wireless-charging wars
e 'The Bachelorette' finale recap: Andi picks between Josh and Nick
t Amazon Has Escalated Its Scorched-Earth War With A Big Book Publisher
t Table Mountain joins Earth Hour
m The ReGenesis Medical Center is Proud to Announce a Free Stem Cell Seminar
m Way too many doctors are prescribing antibiotics in error, study says
e Mila Kunis Pregnant With Ashton Kutcher – 1st Child For Both
b Weibo shares surge on US debut
t GM's New OnStar 4G LTE Wi-Fi Stakes Lead In Connectivity
e Mila Kunis: Men aren't pregnant!
t Is Apple about to unveil a smart home platform at the WWDC next week?
e Chris Brown's Bodyguard Begins Assault Trial
e Hilary Duff Hot Instagram PICTURE Post Divorce With Husband: Former 'Lizzy  ...
b Snack Food Sales Boost Pepsi Earnings
b Norway's Manufacturing Expands In July
b Stocks Rise In Higher Volume; S&P 500 At Record High
e We used to be friends: The Veronica Mars Kickstarter backlash
b Icahn, in a rare loss, gives up eBay-PayPal fight
t The man who's been doing Google Street View since before Google's founders  ...
e 'Medical issues' hospitalize concertgoers in Boston
b Ackman Makes It A Threesome In Valeant, Allergan Relationship
b SanDisk to acquire Fusion-io for USD 1.1 bln
e Drawn a hero, comics' Archie dies trying to save gay senator
b Yellen signals she won't raise rates to fight bubbles
m Detergent treatment turns a mouse see-through
t Finnish climate change expert calls for energy reductions
b Extending old health insurance plans may have little impact
b SEE IT: Malaysia Airlines pilot filmed being trained in Boeing 777-200 a month  ...
e Inside Jessica Simpson's $1.4M wedding
t Curiosity rover packs up drill, hits the Martian road again
m Pregnant women at risk for car crashes
b Hong Kong Stocks Close at Year's High on Factory Data
t Apple expected to release new MacBook Air tomorrow
e Amy Adams First Class Seat Random Act of Kindness for US Soldier
m Red wine ingredient no magic pill for health
e Edgar Wright's 'Ant-Man' Departure: How Social Media Reacted
e Prince Releasing Two New Albums At The End Of September
e Carolina A. Miranda
t Red Hat Rising: Estimates Rise on FYQ1 Public Cloud, Large Deal Activity
e Exclusive 'The Walking Dead' Season 4 Finale Poster: Beth Survives!
e Joan Rivers Will Not Apologize For Joke
e Cavallari, Cutler welcome 2nd son (w/video)
e Amber Heard Vs. Vanessa Paradis: Which Of Johnny Depp's Ladies Wore It  ...
b Rajan delivers no surprises, holds interest rates
t TweetDeck issue resolved, XSS worm vulnerability stopped
e Avicii hospitalised for gall bladder removal
m CDC: One in 68 U.S. children has an autism spectrum disorder
m ACU grad with Ebola virus diverts experimental serum to another missionary
t Comcast, Apple in Talks to Enhance Services
t What You Need to Know About the GM Recalls
e Megan Fox Joins Instagram With Stunning No Make-Up Selfie
e Miley Cyrus Opens Up About Her Recent Health Scare, Jokes About Online  ...
e CANNES WATCH: Uma Thurman wows; designers pop up
e Andy Cohen's Reaction To Lady Gaga's GUY Music Video
b European stocks wobble; German Ifo data disappoints
e Elisabeth Hasselbeck talks Rosie O'Donnell's rumored return to 'The View'
e Sue Townsend, creator of Adrian Mole, dies at 68
m Diabetes easier to control with insulin pump than self-injections?
e Grey's Anatomy Season 10 Episode 24: Live Streaming Information of Finale Show
t Google Glass on sale in the UK now for £1000
m Humans can Smell more than 1 Trillion Odors, Researchers Say
m CDC On Newly Discovered Smallpox Specimens - No Evidence That Any of the  ...
e Andrew Garfield on the possibility of Miles Morales taking over as Spider-Man
e Hollywood's Ape Man, Terry Notary, shows how to find your inner primate in 4  ...
b Greece to receive next bailout tranche in three payments
e The Cannes Film Festival Winners
e MN Exclusive: Blogger Pharrell Williams Shouted Out On Oprah Talks Photo  ...
b HP Advised To Sue Autonomy Execs, Shareholder Suit Reveals
t More crashes being linked to GM faulty ignitions
e Jay Z & Beyonce Announce 'On The Run' Tour [Dates + Ticket Info]
e Katt Williams Goes Nuts -- Cops Draw Weapons
b Forex - EUR/USD drops to 1-month lows as Ukraine, Draghi weigh
e TV Stars Take Over the Big Screen at This Year's Tribeca Film Festival
b Hong Kong index inches down
e Victoria Beckham marks "15 beautiful years" of marriage with wedding photos
b IMF urges U.S. to raise minimum wage
e What Will Cressida Bonas Say? FOX Confirm 'Prince Harry' Dating Show
e James Franco disputes Lindsay Lohan's sex list
e MAZEL TOV! Eve & Maximillion Cooper Are Officially Married! (PHOTOS)
b 'Minister 370' willing to aid MH370 search even with transport ministry exit
b Google shares slide after results miss expectations
t Toyota Fuel Cell Sedan: Final Design, Price Revealed For Japan
b Google overtakes Apple as world's top brand
m FDA approves Lilly's CYRAMZA to treat advanced gastric cancer
b Montreal's Amaya Gaming wins jackpot with US$4.9B deal to become online  ...
b Yellen Uncensored
e Kristen Bell Goes Back To Neptune Through 'Mars'
e Meet the 'Stars' who will be dancing
e Tracy Morgan improving, listed in fair condition
b NAL Launches Wind Solar Hybrid System
m Antioxidant in red wine has no benefit in low doses
t Welcome to The Reign of “Gay”
e Lana Del Rey Goes Hollywood Film Noir in 'West Coast' Video
t Patrol to participate in Operation Dry Water
b GM to Ask Bankruptcy Court for Lawsuit Protection
b Eurozone loans to private sector still contracting: ECB
e Beyoncé Knowles, musician
t Apple seeking permanent injunction, retrial against Samsung
t Apple iPhone 6, iPad Air 2 Rumors: Both Devices, Along With iPad Mini 3, Could  ...
e Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice title and logo sets stage for Justice League  ...
t VIDEO: Watch Dogs launch trailer arrives days ahead of release
e Sorry Johnny Depp But Benedict Cumberbatch Is The Hunk Of The Black Mass Set
b Oil prices mixed as investors digest drop in US stockpiles
e Mick Jagger to attend funeral of girlfriend L'Wren Scott in Los Angeles today
e Rihanna stuns in see-through gown
b Oil price moves higher on Iraq insurgency
e This Video of Morgan Freeman on Helium Is Everything You've Been Waiting For
e Jennifer Aniston Steals "Horrible Bosses 2" Trailer with Gross-Out Joke
b High gas levels apparently ignored at Turkish mine
m Woman 'clinically dead' for 26 minutes defies science
b UPDATE 3-Oil spills into Lake Michigan from BP refinery
e Kat Perkins The Voice “Magic Man” Video 4/21/14 #TheVoice #TeamAdam
m In the Nation
t Microsoft's $7.2BN+ Acquisition Of Nokia's Devices Business Is Now Complete
e TRANSFORMERS Launches CYBERTRON MONDAY, a Global Online Sales  ...
b China gold demand 'on the rise'
b Amid concerns over weak Chinese and Japanese economic data, markets stutter
t Netflix kicks off the era of 4K TV with House of Cards Ultra HD streaming
e Religion Calendar: 4-19
t Blackshades hackers hit Kiwis
m Four Greater Lehigh Valley hospitals score high in safety rating
e Miley taps out
t Equinix brings Microsoft's Azure ExpressRoute to Washington, DC
b Flight MH370: Chinese satellite spots 'plane-like' object floating in ocean
m WHO to hold meeting on Ebola in Accra
e The Amazing Spider-Man 2 Now (Inexplicably) Available on Xbox Store
t Top 5 Smartphones On The Market Today (Roundup)
t Google nabs drone company Facebook allegedly wanted to buy
m Study: Married people have fewer heart problems
t NSA denies knowing about Heartbleed flaw for years
b Report: Mark Fields to succeed Ford CEO Alan Mulally
b (click the phrases to see a list)
e Governor: Michigan won't recognize same-sex marriages performed last weekend.
t Apple and IBM forge link
e Rihanna Incurs Charlie Sheen's Wrath: Read the Rant
e The Amazing Spider-man - Andrew Garfield Swings In On School Kids In New  ...
e 'Super' Proves That James Gunn Is Perfect for 'Guardians of the Galaxy'
e Which Hairstyle Will Kim Kardashian Wear on Her Wedding Day?
e Lady Gaga Says Her Boyfriend Is In Charge
e L'Wren Scott to be buried in LA – Jagger's spokesperson
b Bank of America suspends plans to hike dividend, buy shares
t Working 4 you: Don't get scammed on your cell phone bill
b Tax day is here, but do you need to file yet?
b Will Takeover Save Malaysia Airlines?
t SoftBank CEO Son: US mobile broadband industry needs more competition
b Objects possibly from lost jet sighted from aircraft
b Don't Delude Yourself: The Ukraine Crisis Is Far From Over
b Indian Shares Seen Inching Higher As Oil Prices Ease
b BMW to Invest $1 Billion to Expand Plant in South Carolina
b Charney Now Owns Almost Half of American Apparel
m New Research Finds the More Foreclosures, the More Suicides
t Superstition and bad luck coincide: Friday the 13th has a full moon
e Kim Kardashian Encounters Man Trespassing, Claiming to Be Kendall Jenner's  ...
b Major Averages Climb Firmly Into Positive Territory In Early Trading
e 'Peabody & Sherman' rises to top spot at box office
e Orphan Black season 2 UK air date announced
b Apple confirms $3bn Beats purchase
e 11 Things to Do This Mothers Day to 'Mother Yourself'
m West Africa Health Ministers set up $10m Ebola fund
e Angelina Jolie: Hollywood mothers 'shouldn't complain'
t 'Cosmos': Can Fox reboot shine amid 'billions and billions' of options?
e 'Hunger Games: Mockingjay': President Snow warns Panem in teaser video
b S&P MIDCAP 400 INDEX – June 20, 2014
b BOJ holds back from adding to easing policy
m America's top hospitals of 2014
t Qualcomm buys 'WiGig' startup Wilocity
m Allergies getting commoner, warns doctor
b DSW Inc. (DSW) Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.19
b 5-Hour Energy Makers Sued By 3 States For Allegedly Misleading Advertising
e 'The Bachelor' spoilers Catherine, Sean Lowe talk love on 'After the Final Rose'
m Schumacher "slowly" improving, says wife
e Harry Styles 'furious with Louis Tomlinson and Zayn Malik for their stupid and  ...
b Why Chipotle Mexican Grill (CMG) Stock Is Higher Today
e 'Sons of Guns' cancelled following arrest of William Hayden's for child rape
b German index slump increases talk of ECB action
b Health Law Change Would Protect Insurers' Losses
t Yes, the Netflix-Verizon Feud Is About Net Neutrality
t What the Winners of Apple's Design Awards Thought About WWDC
e Allison Williams to star as title character in NBC's 'Peter Pan - WNCN: News  ...
m Eating More than Seven Servings of Fruits and Vegetables Can Reduce Death  ...
t Nintendo Reports $457 Million Loss, Wii U and 3DS Underperform
b What Twitter Inc (TWTR) Really Needs?
e Star Wars production crippled by broken leg, adds new faces
t Pint-Sized Tyrannosaur was King of the Arctic
m Chocolate 'Pill' May Prevent Heart Attacks And Strokes, 18000 Volunteers To  ...
e Beastie Boys' Adam Horovitz testifies in trial against Monster Energy drinks  ...
b American Apparel control war escalates as Charney adds stake
e Penny Dreadful Review: Literary Horror Gets A Sharp And Sensuous Facelift
m Prime Pak Foods Recalls Chicken Tenders
e MOVIE REVIEW: New 'X-Men' gets an A-minus
e Woman reportedly spends $30K to look like Kim Kardashian
e J.Low denies snubbing J.Law at showbiz bash
e 'Heaven is For Real' review: Minister in the middle
e Kate Middleton photo a 'breach of Duchess's privacy,' Daily Mail says
t Google Designing a New 7-Inch Display 3D Tablet
t Goodbye, net neutrality: FCC's new Internet rules 'create incentives for  ...
b Don't worry! The market only looks boring
e Is The Bachelorette on Tonight? May 26, 2014
e The World's Most Popular Online Newspaper Might Also Be Its Worst
b Twitter disappoints again on user growth and views
t Great Photos Won't Save Google+
b McDonald's profit slips
m Scientists find how magic mushrooms alter human mind
b California health-care sign-ups exceed projections
b 'Default may expose global vulnerability'
b Will taxing the wealthy fix the economy or ruin it?
e Amazon Instant Video gets HBO shows, does what Netflix could not
t iPad Air 2 Back Casing Leaked (Photos)
b Alfa Romeo comes to US on verge of model flood
b BP assessing scope of Indiana refinery oil spill into Lake Michigan
t Facebook flickers and jokes fly as service cuts out for millions
e Craig Ferguson leaving CBS' 'The Late Late Show'
b Uninsured Hoosiers scramble to sign up for Affordable Care Act before midnight  ...
e Yahoo Picks Up Two Original Series From Paul Feig and Mike Tollin
e New Yorker is on top form in old-fashioned romantic comedy
b Neonode (NEON) Jumps: Stock Rises 8.6% - Tale of the Tape
b Google, Inc.(NASDAQ:GOOG) Technical Analysis Ahead of Earnings
t Apple will try to defy skeptics at upcoming showcase
m 1 Easy Thing You Can Do That Might Prevent Preeclampsia
e Five things about DJ Casey Kasem
e Miley Cyrus 2014 Bangerz Tour TOPLESS: Brooke Candy's Kissing Friend  ...
e Mooning the world is the most interesting thing Kate Middleton has done
e Peaches Geldof – was the coverage by newspapers, and TV, over the top?
e Leonardo DiCaprio Takes On The Revenant As His Next Film
b MADISON, Wis. (AP) — Unemployment in Wisconsin dipped slightly in February  ...
b Malaysia plane search straddles continent as police focus on crew
b French images show possible debris from missing jetliner
t Smartphone Kill-Switch Bill Resurrected In Calif.
m Smallpox Discovered In An Old Lab Freezer
t WhatsApp Windows Phone fix in works after IM app pulled
b Euro soars in New York
e Solange Covers Lucky Magazine & Talks 'That Thing' That Happened On The  ...
b Report: Caterpillar avoided $2.4B in US taxes
e 'The Bachelor' Finale: Is Juan Pablo The Biggest Jerk In Bachelor History?
t AAA: Gas prices rolling back as summer driving season rolls on
e Garcia Marquez, Nobel laureate, dead at 87
m In Undercover Videos, Planned Parenthood Suggests Sadistic Sex to Teen Girls
b Economic gauge posts April gain
e Peaches Geldof: A Tribute
b TPG Capital is acquiring Wyoming land rich with natural gas from Encana for  ...
m More than 6 million living with Aids
m TICK THREAT
t Updates to Skype for modern Windows benefits mouse and keyboard users
t Facebook hopes to deliver internet access with drones, satellites
b US officials cut estimate of recoverable Monterey Shale oil by 96%
b Japan eases weapons export restrictions, China reacts with alarm
e Drake Duets With Brian McKnight, Beefs With Blake Griffin at the 2014 ESPYs
b Asian shares hit 6-1/2 year high, dollar steady before Fed
m EDITORIAL: America's woeful ranking
m E-cigarette Industry is 'Wild, Wild West'
e Miley Cyrus at the O2 Arena, SE10
e Comedy wins at the Emmys
b World should prepare for next nuclear power plant accident
b Amazon astonishes its customers with surprise cash credit in their accounts
t Microsoft And Dell Agree To License Each Other's Patents
t Graco recalls another 1.9 car seats, now largest in history [w/video]
e Country Singer Kevin Sharp, Dead At 43
e 'The Voice' Finale Recap: Season 6 Winner Named
e Christina Aguilera, fiancé expecting a daughter
m Hookah use skyrocketing among wealthy teens
t 10 Things You Need to Know About the Blood Moons That Begin on Monday
e Miley Cyrus Xcel show is a Disneyland of mindless fun
b NY AG broadens probe into high-speed trading
e Understanding Cinco de Mayo
m Stanford engineer invents a way to beam power to medical chips deep inside the  ...
t Google to show off smartwatches, Glass updates, smart home gadgets at San  ...
b Discounter Dollar Tree buys rival Family Dollar
e Shigeru Ban Wins Pritzker Prize
b Rebel site suggests insurgents shot down Malaysia plane by mistake
e Accolades Pour in for Farley Mowat, Dead at 92
b Home prices rose in March
e Taylor Swift Tells You Where She Thinks The Music Industry May Be In 20, 30  ...
m Kids deserve three meals a day [Commentary]
e Spotify: We Now Have 10 Million Paying Subscribers…
e First Dibs: Are Beyonce And Jay Z Touring Together?
e Delvin Choice sings 'Unchained Melody' on The Voice Top 12 Live Show
e 'The Bachelorette' bachelor Chris Soules: I'm not just a farmer, I'd be willing to  ...
b EU to sanction more Russians over Ukraine policy
e Zara removes 'Holocaust' pyjama top from stores following online protest
t Sony in China joint venture to sell PlayStations
t Apple continues medical hiring spree ahead of rumored...
e Amazon (AMZN), Apple (AAPL) See Growth in Music Streaming
e Eminem forgives mom in 'Headlights'
t Video: Meet the Moto E, Official Video Unveils Motorola's New Phone
t LG G2 KitKat update rolling out to Rogers and Bell customers in Canada
e Shia LaBeouf Wildly Chases a Homeless Man Hours Before Arrest
e Album Review: Mariah Carey - 'Me. I Am Mariah. The Elusive Chanteuse'
e Beyoncé And Jay-Z Will Team Up For Summer Tour
m “Angelina Effect” Dangerous for Some
e Another Game of Thrones wedding, another major character dead
e Amy Adams gives first-class airline seat to soldier, sits in coach, passenger says
e Why did Edgar Wright decide to leave Ant-Man?
b Quiznos Files for Bankruptcy Amid Debt and Stiff Competition
e Noël Wells, John Milhiser: 'Saturday Night Live' Fires Two More Cast Members
b China Data Knocks Down Shares in Europe
t Local gas prices continue to fall
e Marion Cotillard's Maison Martin Margiela dress turns heads at Cannes Film  ...
e Box Office Top 10: 'Divergent' Tops Uneven Field, 'Grand Budapest Hotel  ...
e UK bookies slash odds on Prince Harry's engagement
t Microsoft To Tap India's Budget Smartphone Market With Cheaper Windows  ...
b Speed Trader Sees Sisyphean Task in High-Frequency Crackdown
b Samsung earnings hit by slowing China sales
b Mandatory Spending Continues to Drive the Budget
t Creator says 'Flappy Bird' will be back
e 'Dawn of the Planet of the Apes': Movie review
t OkCupid dating website admits recommending 'bad matches' to see if users  ...
t Transportation Secretary won't force owners of recalled GM cars to stop driving
m Big step toward simple blood test to predict Alzheimer's
t US says cybersecurity sharing not an antitrust issue
e Halle Berry's 'Extant' Promo Strategy: Believing in Aliens
t NASA, Sky-Watchers to Look for May Camelopardalids Meteor Shower
e Ruth Myles: 'There's a storm coming' in second season of Orange is the New  ...
e Sept. 11 museum offers emotional escape roads
e Superhero spy-jinks
b College basketball notes: Pauley Pavilion submerged
t Full lunar eclipse: Few selfies, but many 'blood moon' photos hit Web
m Regular walking may ease Parkinson's symptoms
m Farewell, Four Loko
e 'Saturday Night Live' Ties Season Lows With Host Andrew Garfield
e Giving Us a Female Thor and Black Captain America Isn't Enough
e Judge orders Brown to remain in Los Angeles jail; cites comments about gun  ...
t Court: Judge Wrong to Toss Apple, Google Patent Claims
t Amazon Officially Announces 'Fire' Smartphone
b Mobileye IPO priced at $25, values company at $5.31 billion
t MediaTek Takes on the 'Big Boys' With 4G, QHD, Octa-Core 2.5GHz Chip
e Johansson 'putting off wedding'
m New drug boasts to cure Hepatitis C with 95 percent success rate
b McDonald's February Sales Slip on US Weakness
e Brad Pitt Says Red Carpet Attack Makes Celebs Wary
t Apple will unveil the iWatch on Sept. 9—here's what to look for
e 'Fifty Shades of Grey' to be challenged by faith-based romance
b Shares at the world's largest search engine were down 3 percent in after-hour  ...
b As Tuesday's tax deadline approaches, chances of getting audited by the IRS  ...
e Read Kim Kardashian's Twitter wedding rant
m Seasonal allergy might be linked to food allergy
e Olivia Wilde and Jason Sudeikis have had a baby!
b ECB seeks transparency it vows support to economy
b Is Janet Yellen About To 'Go Carney'?
e Nick Viall interview: I only revealed I had sex with 'The Bachelorette' star Andi  ...
m Whooping cough declared an epidemic in California
e 'Dancing With The Stars' Season 18, Week 7: Dance By Dance Recap
e Watch Bill Cosby Walk a Tightrope with Jimmy Fallon on His Back
b PG&E charged with obstruction in San Bruno natgas blast probe
e Spider-Man 2 sticks to top of UK box office
e VIDEO: One Direction pair filmed 'smoking joint'
t Bang & Olufsen's Avant 4K TV Is
b The Walt Disney Company (NYSE:DIS) – Walt Disney Records Set To Release  ...
t Jim Gandy Interviews President About Climate Change
t How secure is your cloud?
e 9 questions you were too embarrassed to ask about Gwyneth Paltrow
b Dish and DirecTV Will Come Together: Porter Bibb
b Fed sees economy gaining speed, mildly higher inflation
t Dropbox announces Mailbox for Android [UPDATED]
e Demi Moore Kutcher: An 'emotional setback' to come for Demi Moore?
e DIVERGENT Stars Shailene Woodley & Theo James to Share Clip on 2014  ...
b Norman Borlaug statue unveiled at US Capitol
m NH Checkup: How Healthy is Your County?
e 'My dad was gay' Robert De Niro on father's conflict over sexuality
e Cyrus reaches NOLA after bus catches fire
t Review: HTC One vs Samsung Galaxy S4: Price & Specifications
t Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 Delivers Portability In Premium Form Factor
t Instagram grows under Facebook's watch, passes 200M monthly active users
t Mystery of Death Valley's Moving Rocks Solved
e 'Sharknado 2' Starlet Tara Reid, 'Shark By Tara' Perfume - 2014 SyFy Network's  ...
b Argentina heads into default as debt talks end
t Go To Google.Com Now To Play With a Rubik's Cube
t Regulators Open Probe of Older Chrysler Heavy-Duty Pickups
t ZeniMax Media suing Oculus Rift over Trade Secrets
m Childhood bullying could lead to depression in adulthood
m Ebola-stricken doc gives away 'experimental serum'
m Labor Deptartment cuts levels of allowable coal dust
e Should you wear black? #RobertPattinson
m Now the Bigger Threat to Humanity
t Samsung Galaxy S5 hands on review: feature-rich with a brilliant display
b Monday Morning Business Brief
t GM recalls challenge company, frustrate customers
b Whiting Petroleum To Acquire Kodiak Oil & Gas At
e Rovio and Hasbro team up for Angry Birds Transformers
b Barclays to reveal 20000 job losses: reports
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Camera Faces Production Issues Again, Release Date  ...
b Fri., 9:09am: Ohio unemployment rate drops to 6.1 percent
m Samaritan's Purse fighting deadly Ebola virus outbreak in West Africa
e Captain Kirk banned from driving in NZ
t Microsoft gave its employees a sneak peek at its new 'selfie' phone
b Uber to proceed with transpiration service despite threats of citations
m Is there a connect between environment and Autism?
e Lady Gaga's Parents Respond to Rumors About a Wedding for Their Daughter
b Student Loan Interest Rates Increase Tuesday
e Eve Marries in Ibiza
b S&P500 at all-time high
b BLM Seeks Comment on Environmental Assessments for November Oil and Gas  ...
e 5 Seconds Of Summer Storm US Chart, Reveal 'Amnesia' Artwork
t Samsung's Galaxy Tab S beats Apple to first fingerprint recognition tablet
t Wearable Technology Fashion: Google Glass to Receive Makeover From  ...
t Google snaps up drone business to deliver internet by aircraft
e Great Video: Dock Collapses on Minnesota Wedding Party
e Interview: Chaz Ebert, Director Steve James on 'Life Itself'
b Export renewal cuts Canada's trade gap to near zero
e Jessica Simpson's Gorgeous Wedding Photo
e 'Modern Family,' 'Breaking Bad' win top Emmys, fending off challenges from  ...
t Samsung Group's Galaxy Alpha to Compete with iPhone 6
t NASA Space Probe Crowdfunded Back to Life [Video]
t AT&T will be exclusive carrier for Amazon phone, WSJ says
t scientists observe first seconds of universe
b GM adds another 824000 small cars to recall over ignition switch
b Exelon Agrees to Buy Pepco Holdings for $6.8 Billion in Cash (3)
b 'Candy Crush Saga' News: King Looking To Execute On Their 'Plan To Build A  ...
b Eurozone unemployment holds steady at 11.9 per cent
t Samsung promises truly flexible electronics sooner with graphene breakthrough
e Mariah Carey`s hubby names Kim K as one of his celeb conquests
b Ackman, Valeant buy stake in Allergan
b Florida jobless rate drops to 6.1 percent
e Gwyneth Paltrow's mom annoyed over her split news
e Watch CJ Harris Sing “Can't You See” in American Idol 2014 Top 11 — March 12  ...
e Gary Oldman: It was great to be part of Dawn Of The Planet Of The Apes
b And the best airline in the US is…
e David Brockie, frontman for heavy metal band Gwar, found dead at home
b Allergan sues Valeant (T.VRX) and partner for fraud involving hostile takeover bid
m Your money or your life? $1000-a-pill Sovaldi jolts health care system
t Google may open Glass Explorer program to all US residents for one day  ...
b Census: Cumberland County fastest growing county in state
b Why BlackBerry (BBRY) Stock Is Surging This Morning
b Silencing a whistle-blower, Wall Street's golden moment and 10 things everyone  ...
t Soyuz Space Mission On Its Way after Software Glitch
m Victory for lung-transplant recipient Sarah Murnaghan as new rule will allow  ...
e Michael Chiklis Joins Cast of American Horror Story
m Medicine for patients with Duchenne is on its way for FDA approval
b Shire Rejecting AbbVie's Bid Puts It in Play: Real M&A
t Steve Wozniak Not Particularly Taken By The Galaxy Gear
b Oil Prices Rise on Conflict in Iraq
e Guardians of the Galaxy
e Channing Tatum in Talks to Play Gambit
e Sheryl Sandberg: The Word 'Bossy' Should Be Banned
t After the breach: eBay's flawed password reset leaves much to be desired
e Will Russell Crowe's biblical epic Noah sink with audiences?
t Qualcomm Acquires 'WiGig' Expert Wilocity
e Superman Is Super Emo in First Photo from “Batman V. Superman”
e Pregnant Beyonce and Jay Z Divorce Rumors: Cheating After Met Fight, Kim  ...
t Russian spacecraft brings three-man crew to ISS after 2-day delay
t Apple stuns world with rare SEVEN-way split: What does that mean?
t Most Efficient Pesticides Killing Honey Bees
e Emma Stone, Joaquin Phoenix to star in the next untitled Woody Allen film
b US economy strong enough to keep taper on track
t Microsoft planning to launch two new Windows phones
b Analysts expect to RBI hike to hike rates after elections
t Toyota Hydrogen Powered Car To Compete Directly With Tesla (video)
b Crumbs Bake Shops Close, Company Could Seek Bankruptcy
e Cynthia McFadden Jumps From ABC to NBC
b Euro Holds Steady against U.S. Counterpart as ECB Intervention Fears Wane
e Marvel & DC Are Firm on 'Captain America 3' & 'Man of Steel 2' Date
b Consumer Goods Most Active: Apple Inc. (AAPL), Tesla Motors (TSLA), General  ...
e Beyoncé and Jay Z take over Coachella 2014
e Willow Smith Gets Ahead of Her Age in This Suggestive Photo
b China manufacturing rebounds
t LG To Ride Google Inc (GOOG)'s Efforts To Push Android Into cars
e World's most famous 1-cent stamp goes for $9.5M
m MERS: A respiratory virus poses threat for travelers in Middle East
m About Diabetic Macular Edema (DME)
t US-Russian Relations and the International Space Station
m MERS kills four more in Saudi Arabia
t WATCH: President Obama Hangs Out With A Japanese Robot
e Bradley Cooper's ex-wife has written a book... the term 'master manipulator' gets  ...
m 3D mammograms detect cancer better, prevent false alarms
e Mighty Morphin Power Rangers Gets New Film
m Researchers Predict Which Teens Will Binge Drink
t Future iPhones could take 'super-resolution' pics without needing extra megapixels
b Poaching the banker's right-hand man
e Idina Menzel on Travolta flub: 'We're buddies and it's all cool'
e 'X-Men' director Bryan Singer accused of sexually abusing a teenage boy in 1999
m UPDATE 2-US FDA approves Celgene drug for psoriatic arthritis
m Runners can't eat whatever they want
b On Equal Pay Day, key facts about the gender pay gap
t In 2002, I laughed at Apple's Switch ads. Now, with iOS 8 and OS X 10.10, it's  ...
b Why low bond yields are all you deserve
e American Top 40 Will Honor Casey Kasem With On-Air, Online Tribute Next  ...
e Black Rock Creek golfers take the ALS ice bucket challenge
t T-Mobile Abolishes Consumer Overages
b American Apparel
e President Barack Obama And Wife Michelle Honor Late DJ Frankie Knuckles In  ...
t Rare full moon on Friday the 13th won't happen again for 35 years
b Taco Bell rolls out its first breakfast menu
e Lena Dunham & Her Tats Cover Glamour
t World court: Japan's Antarctic whaling not for scientific purposes; orders  ...
t BMW extends recall worldwide
t Dropbox Expands: New Suite to Include Photo App, Expanded Mobile Email
b UPDATE 1-California DMV probing possible breach of credit card system
b Fiat shares climb on takeover rumour
e HBO adaptation of 'The Normal Heart' is the definition of must-see TV
e Game of Thrones Shocker Sets Online Piracy Record
t MA hospital employs Google Glass to increase efficiency
b Argentina Moves to Pay Bondholders
e US Airways Twitter Mishap
e Robin Thicke makes public appeal to win Paula Patton at Billboards
t ISS crews may soon care for space vegetables
e Illness forces rapper Drake to pull out of music festival
e Queen Bey and Kim Kardashian Spotted Enjoying Spa Date Together, Beyonce  ...
b AstraZeneca asks UK govt to stay impartial over Pfizer
e Disney And Pixar Announce 'The Incredibles 2' and 'Cars 3;' Plan To Release  ...
e Eminem, Rihanna's Monster MTV duet
t VIDEO: Oculus VR Bought Buy Facebook for $2 Billion
b IMF's Lagarde investigated for fraud
b Putin, Yellen wind gold price bulls
b Issues Remain Following Memorandum for Peace in Ukraine – Russian Foreign  ...
b King has worst IPO debut of the year on Candy Crush Saga worries
e 'Dancing with the Stars' Latin Night Recap: NeNe Leakes Eliminated, Amy Purdy  ...
b Countdown begins for first 787-9 commercial flight
t Watch Dogs ctOS Mobile App Available May 27
m Kindred: to Commence Tender Offer to Acquire Gentiva Shares for $14.50 Apiece
b Twitter Co-Founders, CEO and Top Investor Plan to Hold Stock (2)
e 'Silicon Valley' Episode 3 Recap: Small Is The New Big
e Liam Hemsworth was heard saying he and Miley Cyrus will 'always be best friends'
b Yen slides as modest Russia sanctions soothe worries
t Beats by Dre Powerbeats2 Wireless cut headphones cord
e New York Times Columnist Offers Insight Into Jill Abramson's Firing
b Credit Suisse CEO says 'very committed' to Swiss bank
e Justin Bieber takes feud with Bloom online, post a photo of the actor crying
e 'The Bachelorette' 2014 finale spoilers: Did Andi Dorfman already pick Josh  ...
e Why 'Man Finds Food' host Adam Richman is eating his words
m Saudi Arabia Deadly MERS Virus Cases 'On the Rise,' Enhanced Precautions  ...
b My Corn & Soybean Comments
e Kim Kardashian wears slit-to the-hip gown at Met Gala 2014
b Gold near six-month high as Ukraine prompt safe-haven bids
e Lindsay Lohan Says She Had a Miscarriage While Filming Her Docu-Series
b IMF cuts world growth outlook amid Ukraine worries
e Weird Al Yankovic's #8videos8days
b U.S. Tests Missile System Bound for Romania
b Cheaper gas, food push down U.S. producer prices
t UN chief urges swift, bold actions on climate change
b WWE, NBCUniversal officially announce new television deal
e Watch This Tonight: Devious Maids
b Walmart Goes into the Used Video Game Business
b Microsoft Office for iPad Isn't Perfect, But It's What We Needed All Along
t Samsung In Talks to Acquire Nuance, The Company That Powers Siri
t General Motors dealers stop Cruze sales over faulty Takata airbags
e Zac Efron And Michelle Rodriguez Shared Romantic Kisses In Sardinia
t Windows Phone 8.1 Release Date Confirmed For June 24
e Coachella music festival
e Reminder: No One Cares About Spider-Man's Parents
e Dealer Gets $3.2 Million Bid for Comic on eBay
b JC Penney Company (JCP) Releases Quarterly Earnings, Beats Expectations By  ...
b Chinese govt urging banks to remove IBM servers: Report
t At E3, not everyone diving headfirst into virtual reality
e Trained Professional Actors Channing Tatum and Jonah Hill Offer Some World  ...
m What Is Gluten? [VIDEO]
t Google working on Android TV
t Apple planning App Store-like health platform for connected medical devices  ...
b Bean Sees BOE Key Rate Settling Below 3% After Increases Begin
e Review: Keeping Up with These "Joneses" Isn't Easy
e The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies Trailer Arrives
b Video: Taco Bell's new TV ads star 'Ronald McDonald'
b Panel discusses Affordable Health Care Act
t Heartbleed: Examining The Impact
e Miley Cyrus: Totally Topless on Instagram!
b Oil falls towards $111 on possible Libya ports deal
m Tests Show US Citizen in Ghana Not Infected With Deadly Virus
m Advocacy Group Sues USDA Over Salmonella Outbreaks
b Tim Armstrong Would Love To Sell AOL To Yahoo, But Marissa Mayer Thinks It  ...
e Rosie O'Donnell's Return To The View Is Imminent, But ABC Has Some  ...
e Tribeca Film Festival 2014 focused on simplicity, stability
t Astronauts Go On Spacewalk To Tackle Urgent Repair Job
e Katt Williams Pulls Gun on Heckler! Police Respond in Force!
m Neighbours have said in court they heard a woman screaming on night Oscar  ...
t 'Chicken from hell' found who lived alongside T. rex
b Air France-KLM shares fall after profit warning
b Whole Foods sees another analyst downgrade ahead of earnings release
e 'Bachelorette' Contestant Chris Soules and Marcus Grodd's Rap Sheets Reveal  ...
b Pennsylvania governor asks Obama to help end crippling transit strike
t NSA's Encrypted Tweet: We're Hiring Code Breakers
m Obese Teenagers with High Salt Intake Age Faster than Peers
m Combating tobacco worldwide
t Samsung Galaxy Core Mini 4G Unveiled In China
m $100 to register for medical marijuana under state rules
t Here's How To Think About Apple's Stock Split
e Watch: First Trailer For Paul Feig Produced 3D 'Peanuts' Movie
b Is Uber Above the Law? Probably Not
t US scientists launch wake-up campaign on climate change
b Construction Begins On Kennedy Expressway
t General Motors Sets Record With Another 8.4 Million Vehicle Recall
e 'Bachelorette' Andi Dorfman's Marcus Grodd and Chris Soules have criminal pasts
e The Week in Spandex – Captain America: The Winter Soldier, Avengers: Age of  ...
e Gotham: Fox Orders Batman Prequel Series to Unravel Bruce Wayne's Journey  ...
t Microsoft said to be planning huge job cuts
e Mickey Rooney Dead: Legendary Actor Dies At 93 (VIDEO/PHOTOS)
e Best and Worst of '22 Jump Street'
t Marc Marquez sizzles in qualifying for MotoGP's Grand Prix of Americas
t Tesla Confirms It's Rolling Out A 3rd-Generation Vehicle In 2017
t TEEN'S SUGGESTION: Change Your Typeface, Save Millions
b Stocks climb; S&P 500 sets another record
e Harrison Ford Mark Hamill and Carrie Fisher reprise their roles in Star Wars  ...
t Paris pushes half the cars off roads to cut pollution
t backlash on 'Right To Be Forgotten'
e Rolf Harris jailed for five years, nine months
e 'Sons of Guns' Canceled: 5 Fast Facts You Need to Know
b UCLA looks to assess damage as flood from pipe slams campus, including  ...
t Weekend Watching: Aaron Swartz Documentary “The Internet's Own Boy” Now  ...
e My Mom Reviewed Some Of The Bands Playing Bonnaroo
e Once Upon A Time Casts Its Elsa From "Frozen"
e Dollar for Dollar: Seth McFarlane matches Reading Rainbow to $1 million
e Disc Jockey Casey Kasem Died at 82
m Seniors in N.C. saved less in Obamacare provision
t Starbucks to offer wireless charging
m Half of US adults 40 to 75 eligible for statins, study says
b Turkey's Twitter ban appears to backfire
b Turkish ban on Twitter over graft recordings backfires with tech-savvy population
e USS George Washington celebrates Mexican heritage, pride with Cinco de  ...
t Apple Reportedly in Talks with Comcast for New Streaming TV Service
t Star Trek - William Shatner Receives Prestigious Nasa Honour
e Patrick Swayze's widow weds
m Daily Seven portions of fresh fruits, veggies for long life
b Breaking: MH370 Data Released
b Arizona fuel prices creep up for Memorial Day
b It's Not Just American Apparel: For Fashion Retailers, Sex Just Isn't Selling  ...
b What to Expect From Yellen and the FOMC This Week
e ​Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Look Like This Now
e Five Revelations About 'Boyhood' from Ellar Coltrane
b IRS: largest phone scam we've seen
b IBM to spend US$3b aiming for computer chip breakthrough
b State unemployment rate drops to 6.1%
e WATCH: Miley Cyrus and The Flaming Lips Cover The Beatles' “A Day in the Life”
e Mother's Day: How They Celebrate It in the United Kingdom
e Nadine Gordimer appreciation: She wrote the social history of our nation
t Scientists Create Element 117 - Which Will Soon Get A Name
b After 131 Years, 'Ladies' Home Journal' Shutters Monthly, Goes Quarterly
e Superman in Gotham City pic hits from the Batman v Superman marketeers!
e The Many Preventable Workplace Injuries in Superhero Movies
e Meet George Clooney's new 'girlfriend', human rights lawyer Amal Alamuddin
t LG Volt versus the Motorola Moto E Specifications and Price
b Twitter investors disappointed over modest increase in active users
e Charlize Theron Dating Sean Penn - Very Happy with New Boyfriend
b Shares of Blackstone-backed La Quinta fall in debut
e Michael Jackson's New Album 'Xscape' Confirmed For May Release: Watch  ...
t DETROIT (AP) -- Ford is recalling nearly 435000 cars to fix rusting frame parts or  ...
b Grain mostly higher, livestock mostly lower
t Ancient flying reptile fills evolutionary gap
e In remembrance: Gabriel Garcia Marquez, Nobel laureate, dies at 87
m Signatures turned in for medical malpractice damages initiative
t California DMV Announces Rules For Autonomous Car Builders. Rules For  ...
t Mayor Lee, city leaders pedal to City Hall for 20th Bike to Work Day
b 1st LD Writethru: Gold falls on profit taking
b // Backstage Reaction to WWE Stock Drop
b Priceline buying OpenTable for $2.6 billion (w/video)
t Google: Glass Not Ready For Prime Time
t BatteryBox can charge one Apple MacBook Air or 8 iPhones in one go
e Sept. 11 memorial museum opens to public
t Gas up 2 cents per gallon in Massachusetts
t Google to launch 'Android TV'
b Weak Data from Japan and China Pressures Crude Oil
e 'Veronica Mars' hits the big screen with dramatic flair
e A Little Positivity! Tracy Morgan Showing Signs Of Improvement After Car  ...
e L'Wren Scott's Sister not Allowed at the Funeral? Mick Jagger Expected to Attend
t Google takes consumers' wrists to next frontier with Android watch
t Apple Halted, Jumps 8%: FYQ2 Beats; Ups Buybacks to $90B, 7-for-1 Stock Split
b Boeing asks Air India not to fly Dreamliners near thunderstorms
e ABC's Diane Sawyer says goodbye, tells viewers they are in 'strong and steady  ...
e 'Mad Men' Season 7 premiere: Meet Neve Campbell's Lee Cabot and the other  ...
e Early Reactions To Darren Aronofsky's Noah Hit The Web
t MGP world champ Marquez takes pole in US
b Nobel winner tells Pfizer: give us firm promises, and for 10 years
e 'The Real Housewives of Orange County' Season 9 to Premiere in April
e Game of Thrones finale recap: 'The Children'
b MTA pulls subway ad thanking Gov. Cuomo for securing $4B aid to repair  ...
e Young-Adult Author Walter Dean Myers Dies at 76
m TAMU Health Science Center Announces Health Initiative
e 'Sex Tape': Cameron Diaz on Baring Her Butt, Spicing Up Love and  ...
e Rio 2 movie review: A mild entertaining fare
t Google's latest acquisition makes it seem a bit Bond villain
t A bigger iPhone? Apple suppliers to start making bigger phones next month
b MHI, Siemens unveil joint bid for Alstom
e Box Office: 'Captain America 2' no. 1 for third weekend as 'Heaven is Real  ...
e Transformers still reigns atop box office
t Largest known flying bird had a wingspan of up to 24 feet
b 23/06/2014Germany shrugs off criticism over Siemens' failed Alstom bid
m Hummus Recalled Due To Listeria Contamination
e Tom Cruise is dating again
b SolarCity buys solar panel maker Silevo to lower costs
b Morning MoneyBeat: What the Fed Really Thinks About the Markets
t UN Chief Commends BRICS Countries for Battling Global Warming
e Paul Simon, Edie Brickell due back in court in disorderly conduct case
b Plane spots objects in new search area for Malaysian flight
e Robert de Niro Opens Up About His Gay Father Ahead Of A New Doc About Him
m Spread of polio now a world health emergency, UN says
t APPLE ON MEDICAL TECH HIRING SPREE, A HINT OF IWATCH PLANS ?
e Garth Brooks: All Dublin shows cancelled
e Joe Manganiello Reveals Crush on Sofia Vergara!
t Xbox One owners demand Aaron Paul stops turning their console on
e 33 Breakup Albums You Should Be Listening to Instead of Robin Thicke's 'Paula'
t The Smithsonian Collaborates with Team of Paleontologists to Reveal New  ...
e 'Earth To Echo' EXCLUSIVE: Cast Star Teo Halm Hints Sci-Fi Movie Is Similar To  ...
e Kendall Jenner Makes Her Couture Debut At Chanel
e Is This the Lineup for The Sinister Six movie?
b Coca-Cola deserves protest vote one way or another
m Class Action Lawsuit Filed Against Fitbit Amid Rash Concerns
b Botox maker's stock soars amid $45 billion bid
b Morgan Stanley's CEO gets a 100% raise
t GOG to add Linux support this fall with 100 games available
e Peaches Geldof dies aged 25
t Cortana Lands in China With Windows Phone 8.1 Update
e Watch Outkast's Coachella Performance
e Imagine Dragons win award
t WhatsApp CEO: Facebook will not affect privacy stance
e Charlie Sheen Puts Rihanna On Blast
t Google Glass turning into a fashion accessory; DVF designer collection goes on  ...
m Fist bumps are cleaner than handshakes and high-fives?
e 'American Idol' 2014 Spoilers: Which Top 6 Contestant Won't Make It To 5 With  ...
e Lindsay Lohan helps Billy Eichner destroy a car adorned with 'How I Met Your  ...
e 16-Year-Old Girl-On-Girl Fight Ends With A Shocking Shovel To The Head!! You  ...
t Netflix and Verizon Just Signed a Traffic Deal, And That's Bad
b Citigroup Net Tumbles 96%
b Ex-Yukos shareholders call The Hague court ruling 'mega-arbitration'
m Middle-class women are ignoring the rules about drinking during pregnancy  ...
t Comfy or Creepy? Robot Furniture Rearranges Itself on Demand
e 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier' sets box-office record
e LIVE CHAT: Game of Thrones, Ep. 7,'Mockingbird,' Sunday, 9 pm ET
e Photos: Fox's New Shows For 2014-2015 Season
b Today's Gold per ounce price spot gold per gram spot silver rate close review  ...
m Breast cancer radiation risks killer lung disease
e Leonardo DiCaprio has auctioned off a flight to space with him
t Austin MotoGP Quote Machine Final
t Brain Injury That Turned Jason Padgett Into Math Genius Suggests Dormant  ...
m Doubt cast on stem cell research
t Climate Change Causes Serious Threat to World Health
b Harbinger makes $10-a-share bid for Central Garden
e Drew Barrymore and husband Will Kopelman welcomed their second daughter  ...
t Flickr apps updated with Instagram-like filters, HD video capture, and more
b Morning six-pack: What we're reading Monday
e Lady Gaga celebrates her 28th birthday with Roseland Ballroom show
t Your Pie Pizzeria celebrates Pi Day
t Bay Area celebrates 20th annual Bike to Work Day
e What you need to know about Amazon Prime Music
m Students pick up butts to protest cigarette smoking
t Xbox One Next System Update Preview Coming Soon
e Report: John Stamos working to reboot 'Full House'
b Alibaba Profit Grows Ahead of Initial Public Offering
t Sony warns of battery fire risk in Vaio PCs launched in February
e World Cup showcases national anthems
t The FCC is looking into Netflix's issues with Comcast and Verizon
e Yahoo Introduces Full Slate of Online TV Shows
t Microsoft to bring Start menu back to Windows
e Tupac's final words...
e Metropolitan Opera extends labor talks by three days
t Obama opens East Coast to oil exploration with sonic cannons
b EUR/USD holds ahead of US data
t Almost 700K Ford Escape and C-Max Hybrid Vehicles Recalled Over Separate  ...
t Astronomers Preparing for Total Moon Eclipse
t PS4 To Be Sold In China Ahead of The Xbox One ?
b Potential West Coast Ports Strike Consequences: Survey
e Furious Simon Cowell 'Flips Out' Over Zayn Malik Marijuana Video
e RISE AND GRIND! SATURDAY MUSIC NEWS: Gwen Stefani Joins "The Voice  ...
b SanDisk (SNDK) Inks $1.1B Deal to Buy Fusion-io (FIO)
b Elon Musk dangles Tesla 'Gigafactory' in front of California
e Keith Urban leads trophy tally at ACMs
e Katie Couric Marries Investment Banker John Molner At Her East Hampton Home
e 'Pretty Little Liars' Season 5 Spoilers: Will There be a Travis-Hanna-Caleb Love
t Gartner: PC Market to get a lift in 2015
b Oil price trades near $102 a barrel as worries ease
e Boyhood Review
b Japan overhauls its public pension fund, the world's biggest
e 'Shocked And Disappointed': Standard Hotel Investigating Leaked Footage Of  ...
b Cupcake company crumbles
t Samsung Galaxy S5 vs iPhone 6 – Comparison of Specifications and Pricing
e The Voyager
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Active struts its stuff in leaked video
m SARS-Like MERS Virus Spreads Among Healthcare Workers
m Meet Bobby Hebert at colon cancer event at West Jefferson Medical Center
b Edward Hadas: Shhh - don't talk about higher taxes
t Sony shows off new hardware at E3
e Harry goes grey: JK Rowling gives readers a glimpse of adult Harry Potter in a  ...
t Xbox One Console Sales Surpass 5 Million
t Amazon's Innovative Fire Smartphone With Dynamic Perspective and Mayday  ...
e Harrison Ford Out Of STAR WARS EPISODE VII Filming For 8 Weeks!
t Does Heartbleed Make E-filing Your Tax Return Unsafe?
e Revolt TV To Promote James Brown Biopic Film
m 6 Western Pa. doctors received more than $1M each in Medicare payments in  ...
e US Airways apologises for explicit image sent on Twitter
m World News Update, what you need to know
b ECB's Nouy: ECB on Track to Publish Asset Quality Review Results by October
m Sound Off for May 23rd: Do you find work less stressful than home?
m Foster Farms Salmonella Outbreak Update: New Cases Bring Total Numbers to  ...
m Boston Scientific Announces Result Of MADIT-CRT Study
m Study: U.S. Alzheimer's Rate Dropping
e Clooney no longer 'Messenger of Peace'
b Pfizer fights back ahead of MPs' grilling on AstraZeneca deal
b Ocean area where pings detected not MH370 crash zone
b US wins WTO dispute with China over auto tariffs
m More possibly contaminated chicken from Foster Farms
t Industry Titans Form IoT Consortium
m Alzheimer's Blood Test 'Breakthrough' Could Predict Whether Disease Will  ...
b JPMorgan earnings shake broader market
b Are You Leaving Thousands of Social Security Dollars On The Table?
t How Do We Know the Earth Orbits the Sun?
t NASA releases Earth Day 'Global Selfie' mosaic
e Tupac musical 'Holler If Ya Hear Me' to close early after struggling to find audience
t IPCC report: climate change felt 'on all continents and across the oceans'
b Vietnam accuses Chinese fishing boat of ramming and sinking a Vietnamese  ...
b S&P Dow Jones: Whaley mistaken in criticism of VXX
b General Motors faces criminal investigation over ignition recall
b Milwaukee beef plant closing due to lack of cattle: UPDATED
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Now Available to Buy in 125 Countries
e Michelle Rodriguez and Cara Delevingne Topless Kissing in Mexico (VIDEO)
e Keeping Up With The Kardashians Is Back For More Khaos!! See The Season 10  ...
e Easter Season Spruce Up
b AstraZeneca (AZN) pops 15% after Pfizer (PFE) makes $100 bil takeover bid
b US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-S&P 500 ends flat as Fed in no rush to raise rates
e Central Florida economy expected to bank on Harry Potter expansion
e Twitter sobs over Ryan Gosling, Eva Mendes baby news
b Tony Abbott has struck a breakthrough trade deal with his counterpart in Tokyo  ...
t FCC chairman's fast lane plan meets resistance from two FCC commissioners
t Apple iPhone 6 leaked photos show the 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch variants compared
b Stocks: Investors run to blue chips
b EMC Q1 Profit Down 32%, But Meets View; Lowers 2014 Earnings Outlook
t GM pledges $1 million apiece for victims of faulty ignition switch
t E-commerce Giant Prepares for the Biggest Tech IPO Ever
t OVERNIGHT ENERGY: Podesta tells GOP to tread carefully on energy
e Is Kendra Wilkinson And Hank Baskett's Marriage In Trouble?
t Apple and IBM Bury the Hammer
e Russell Crowe meets Pope Francis: 'I like this guy'
m National Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month encourages knowledge  ...
b Tesla: Strong Quarter, But Investors Feel Like They Need More Details
b The EPA Adds Union County Site To Superfund List
b Credit card wars: Wal-Mart sues Visa over transaction 'conspiracy'
e 20/05/2014Nightmare or dream? Ryan Gosling fantasy debut divides Cannes
t Office App Now Free for Home Use on iPhone and Android
t Vancouver wants Trans Mountain review to examine economic effects of climate  ...
t Sprint gets active with Galaxy S5 Sport
m Liberians On Ebola - Want Stronger Government Effort
m Marijuana may cause heart problems in young adults
t Japan will conduct scaled-down Pacific whale hunt in wake of court ruling
b Checks on Chinese on missing jet find no terror links: China
e Rick Ross Arrested After Concert
e Coachella 2014: 10 not to miss at this year's festival
b Score one for Tesla: Automaker reaches deal to continue selling directly to the  ...
e What Do You Do When Your Son Says He Met Jesus? Surprisingly, Not Much.
b [Newsmaker] Burger King merger fans tax dispute
b Gold poised for second quarterly gain, US data in focus
e 'Glee' Recap: 10 Most Epic Moments of the 100th Episode
e 8 Things Parents Should Know About Sharknado 2: The Second One
e Ford injures ankle on set of 'Star Wars'
t Google's 3D mapping Project Tango prototype gets the teardown treatment
m Fear, suspicion undermine fight against Ebola
m Officials: Raw clover sprouts likely source of E. coli illness outbreak
e On the eve of its finale, it's time to compare How I Met Your Mother to itself
m 300 Vials Labeled Influenza, Dengue Found at Bethesda Lab
t Venture Firms Win With Billion-Dollar Quick Flips
e 'Captain America' fights off box office competition again
b 3-year-old found in home with active meth lab in Bedford, Ky.
m Pakistan Sparks a World Health Concern
e Actress Lindsay Lohan sues 'Grand Theft Auto V' creators
t Google Will Maintain Control Over Android Auto, Wear And TV User Interface
b Why Shire PLC's Takeover Response Is Highly Unusual
b Regulators face hard call in AT&T's telecom scramble
b ECB's Nowotny: Low Interest Rates Weigh On Austrian Central Bank Profit
t Facebook global 30-minute outage leaves users frustrated
e American Idol format change for season 14: fewer episodes, same-night result  ...
e Tracy Morgan's Condition Improving, Medical Team 'Optimistic'
e Beyonce and Jay Z Announce Joint US Tour
m HRA offers testing for increasing HIV infections
t Facebook launches Snapchat-like app, Slingshot
e The Voice: Who Will Take Home The Trophy?
b Will Recent News Hurt IBM's Stock?
m Ebola kills two people in Congo, but officials believe it's not related to outbreak in  ...
b Egyptian court sentences 33 Morsi supporters
t LG G2 Or Samsung Galaxy Note 3: Great Android Choices
e Frankie Knuckles dies, Pharrell joins 'The Voice': music notes
e Music: The vinyl word
m Altria Group Inc (NYSE:MO) Idle Site To Convert To Industrial Park
b US Official: No US ban on transfer or sale of oil from any part of Iraq
t HP 7 Plus tablet goes official in the US with a $99.99 price tag
t Samsung Galaxy S3 Android 4.4.2 KitKat Update Status in Australia, Spain and  ...
b Facebook Leaves Mobile Concerns in Dust With Surge in Sales (1)
b World Cup gave Twitter a huge burst in traffic
b UPDATE 3-Smartphones weigh on Samsung Elec as guidance disappoints
t Project Morpheus: Sony Unveils Virtual Reality Headset for PS4 to Challenge  ...
e Yahoo Screen and the online services saving your favourite TV shows
b Chinese growth slowdown, UK unemployment expected to decline
t Lyrid Meteor Shower 2014 Peak Dates: Look Up in the Michigan Sky!
t Americans excited about some futuristic science/tech, wary of others
b Gold falls on interest rate fears; palladium near 13-year high
b Stocks down after Google, IBM disappoint
t WARNING! | Climate change poses growing health threat: UN
b Pound Sterling Dollar Exchange Rate Outlook: GBP/USD to Remain Weak as  ...
t Editorial | Proposal would create a two-speed Internet
e With $41.4 million, 'Captain America' holds off 'Rio 2'
t Google to start selling Glass to broader market
b What Would Make Mark Cuban 'Combust' If He Ran Box
t TitanFall Stomps Its Way To First Place In UK Charts
e Nicole Polizzi Announces the Sex of Baby No. 2
t On Earth Day, videos showing powerful asteroids striking Earth released
t Dell Giving Away $100 Gift Card On Purchase of Xbox One and PS4
e Movies: Captain America continues to win at box office
m Excessive Vitamins and Minerals in Food Put Millions of Children at Risk
e First Look Image of Henry Cavill as Superman for 'Batman v Superman' Revealed!
e WATCH: Kim Kardashian has narrowed down her wedding dress choices
e Angelina Jolie's Reflections on Her 'Beautifully Crazy' Relationship with Brad Pitt
e Coachella Music Festival 2014: Live Streaming Information, Weekend Schedule
e Maps to the Stars Trailer: Robert Pattinson Beds Mia Wasikowska — and  ...
b Oracle Corp (ORCL) Misses Q3 EPS by 2c
b Credit Suisse to plead guilty in tax evasion case
m Federal Government Approves Study to Examine Medical Marijuana Treatment  ...
b Fitch: BNP Penalty Will Have No Immediate Effect on Rating
e Melissa Jimenez vs Music Box – Girl On Fire – The Voice Battle Rounds
e Bid to move Brooks concerts to new dates
e 'Twilight's' Nikki Reed and 'Idol's' Paul McDonald to divorce
e 8 Things We Already Know About This Season Of 'The Bachelorette'
e Ben Affleck Banned From Blackjack Table
t Climate change experts offer hope at international conference in Exeter
b BP assesses refinery oil spill in Lake Michigan
b $100M plan aims to lure Detroit investments
t The most comprehensive look yet at climate change
e Kim and Kanye to be surrounded at wedding by guests who've "loved them for a  ...
e Harrison Ford reportedly injured by the Millennium Falcon while filming 'Star  ...
b Stocks rise as US manufacturing recovers
b Citigroup Said to Lend $1.45 Billion to Its Landlord in New York
e Halle Berry comes to TV as a pregnant astronaut on 'Extant'
b US forces seize tanker carrying oil from Libya- UPDATED
e Prince Will Release Two Albums in September
b Turkish PM vows to 'eradicate' Twitter, users see service disruptions
b US Trade Deficit Narrows More Than Expected To $44.4 Billion In May
b Target hires PepsiCo exec Brian Cornell as new chairman and CEO as it works  ...
e Larry Wilmore to Replace Colbert with Comedy Central Show 'The Minority Report'
m Special Report : Saudi Arabia takes heat for spread of MERS virus
m New Monoclonal Antibody Drugs for Migraine Prevention
e Teen beauty will play lead role in new film about the star's life
e Director Gia Coppola comes of age with 'Palo Alto'
t Nintendo Announces Skylanders-Like NFC Figurine Platform
b Twitter share price skyrockets as user growth picks up in Q2
m FSA targets campylobacter awareness with raw chicken warning
e Good News! Tracy Morgan's Condition Improves, Upgraded To Fair (DETAILS)
t NRC's IT network must be rebuilt after attacks from Chinese hackers: Feds
e Thirteen highlights from the teaser for The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies
e Selena Gomez 'different person after Justin Bieber brainwashed her'
e Rick Ross Arrested In North Carolina Like A Bawse
e 'A Song Of Ice And Fire' Author George R.R. Martin Reacts To Changes In  ...
e It's Payback Time At The Purple Wedding In 'Game of Thrones,' Episode 402
t What happened to the great meteor shower?
e Lana Del Rey tops US album chart
b Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) vs. Fuel-Cell Stocks: Capstone Turbine  ...
m Dog and Cat Treat pulled from Petco Shelves
t Xbox One July System Update includes new snap features, achievements
t Amazon send invites for set-top box launch
t Nokia plant uncertainty may hit Indian telecom exports by 40 percent: TEPC
b Shares slip ahead of Fed policy statement
e 'Grey's Anatomy' Season 10 Finale Spoilers, Preview: Ep 24 is Literally  ...
e Star Wars Episode 7: 24 actress Christina Chong joins the cast
t Dr. Dre, Jimmy Iovine Being Sued For Breach, Royalties Regarding Beats  ...
e Girl Scouts, Facebook COO Seek to Ban the Word "Bossy"
m Baby gorilla delivered by C-section under close watch
t Hopefully Samsung's rumored headset won't ruin VR for everyone
b Could debris be missing flight MH370?
e US jazzman Jimmy Scott dies
e Box Office Mom: Divergent
e 60 Confused Seconds of Mark Wahlberg Before 'Transformers: Age of Extinction  ...
e The One Direction spliff saga could give them a lift
e George Clooney, Harry Potter declare open season on tabloids
e Sinead changes image and album name
t GM recalls 60K Saturns
b US faults pilot 'mismanagment' in Asiana flight
t Facebook re-releases its Snapchat response
e 'Peanuts' returns to the big screen
b Valeant Proposes To Buy Botox Maker Allergan, Lifts Forecast
e Justin Bieber, Selena Gomez kiss each other in public
t Apple may be bringing iTunes to Android
b No Evidence of Credit Card Breach at DMV
b What Made Investors Dislike Oracle Corp. (NASDAQ:ORCL) Shares with Penn  ...
t Commissioners Want FCC to Rethink Plan to Kill Net Neutrality
b Johnson & Johnson 1st quarter profits rise on strong prescription drug sales
b FAA Proposes $12M Fine Against Southwest Over Repair Allegations
b Auto sales zoom up 11.4% in May, on track for best year since 2006
b Mulberry boss quits after two troubled years
e 'Scandal' gladiator Columbus Short arrested after bar fight
b Google, Barnes & Noble Just Made a Big Play in the 'Instant Gratification' Race
t Facebook Gets its Pride on by Releasing LGBT Stickers
m Guinea's Ebola outbreak: what is the virus and what's being done?
b American Apparel adopts poison pill as fired CEO intends to add 10% stake  ...
e Rooney Mara Is Tiger Lilly In Pan
b Smith & Wesson Slumps as Fading of Gun Control Push Slows Sales
e Nirvana, E Street Band and Kiss join Rock Hall
e Town mourns after gunman's rampage
t Comcast Promises Faster Internet If Government OKs Deal
t The dark side of the moon is your post-eclipse midday music break
e '22 Jump Street' beats 'Dragon' at box office
e '24' returns tonight; Ben Affleck banned from Vegas casino; Efrem Zimbalist Jr  ...
e Obama uses Cinco to push immigration
e Mickey Rooney dies aged 93
m AG: Neurologist had sex with brain-injured patient
t US to probe airbag failures from 5 automakers
e VIDEO: Brad Pitt struck in the face by red carpet prankster
t 40th anniversary of the Rubik's Cube inspires interactive Google Doodle
b Your precious Chipotle burrito is about to get more expensive
e MIA asks Madonna for $16m to pay NFL
e The Simpsons parodies Mad Men
e Police drop disorderly conduct against singer Paul Simon and wife Edie Brickell
e Diller: Administration's Aereo Stance is Anti-Consumer
b Urban Outfitters Hits New 1-Year Low on Disappointing Earnings (URBN)
t Many crash victims were young drivers
e 'Scandal' star Columbus Short hit with divorce, restraining order
e Ice Bucket Challenge being used for scams, security company warns
t Samsung now taking pre-orders for new flagship 8.4-inch and 10.5-inch Galaxy  ...
b Metro Atlanta's jobless rate drops to 6.5 percent in April
t Alleged Leak From Motorola Could Suggest New Device Called Moto G Cinema
t Samsung Galaxy S5 mini picture leaks, heart rate sensor is gone
t Erickson's proud ignorance: RedState's founder doesn't believe those lying  ...
m Vaccinations important with measles outbreak
b Long-term jobless sidelined
b World oil markets can deal with situation in Iraq: US' Lew
m TopoTarget - FDA approval of Beleodaq(TM) (belinostat) for Injection
b James Bullard: Fed feels economy is ready for 2015 rate hike
e Garth Brooks cancels all five Dublin gigs
t Gasoline prices surge in New York
t Google Glass set to go on limited sales by next week
e A New Kind of Woman on “Game of Thrones”?
e Allman Biopic Director and His Producer Wife Released on Bail
b US stocks mostly higher but tech-rich Nasdaq falls
b Condemnation of Russia bad and likely to get worse
e Joan Rivers To Lena Dunham: Don't Tell Girls It's OK To Be Overweight!
e 'Game of Thrones' Season 4 debut recap
e Harrison Ford
e Adam Levine Dyes Hair Bleach Blond, Doesn't Care If You Hate It (PHOTO)
e Coachella 2014: The Preatures, Replacements reward early arrivers
e Miley Cyrus mouths off at London club: TMZ
b IMF chief under French probe for negligence
e The Rolling Stones to play Roskilde
m Why Are Some States Prescribing So Many Painkillers?
t T. Rex Had Long-Nosed 'Pinocchio' Cousin
t Extinct bird species had biggest wingspan ever
b Juniper Q1 Results Better Than Expected
b Whole Foods (WFM) Stock Down 19%: Time to Panic? - Real Time Insight
e 'He should get his diapers out of a bunch': Rihanna hits back at Charlie Sheen  ...
b Seeking tax shelter, US drugmaker buys UK rival
e Weekend film: 'Captain America' sets April record with $96.2M box office
e 'The Bachelor' Family Blogs: Juan Pablo Gets Defensive, Chris Harrison Talks  ...
m Study finds link between pesticides, autism
b Dixons Carphone merger gets green light as pair post profits
e Photos: Yael Cohen marries Justin Bieber's manager Scooter Braun in Whistler
e Many top US cancer hospitals not included under new health coverage
b Why Tim Hortons (THI) Stock Soared to an All-Time High Today
e Kate Winslet Receives Hollywood Star
e Heating up Waxahachie
t After initial flop, Google will try again to launch Android TV
m Patrick Dempsey's mother Amanda dies after long battle with cancer aged 79
e Two down, two to go: Justin Bieber's legal troubles just got a little less serious
m Amanda Holden taking part in campaign to highlight dementia sufferers
t New App Wants to Help You Read Things Four Times Faster
e Kiss to Crowdsource Ideas for 40th Anniversary Celebration
e ​8 Ways X-Men Movie Continuity Is Still Irretrievably Fucked
b General Mills is scrapping a controversial plan to strip consumers of their right to  ...
e End Game of Thrones
b Real Estate Giant Zillow Snatches Up Trulia for $3.5B
t Sprint Shakeup: Executives Leave as Son Cries for More Progress
b China Condemns US for Hypocrisy, Double Standards On Cyber Espionage Issue
e Do You Want to Voice 'Paddington'? Now's Your Chance!
e 'KUWTK' Engaged Kim Kardashian Wedding: Prenup Revealed Before 'Vogue  ...
b BlackBerry profit, revenue fall sharply
b Trading Alert: Tense days ahead for Bitcoin
t NEW YORK (AP) — EBay's
e Frances Bean Cobain Condemns Lana Del Rey For Romanticising Death
m Farmers kiss camels in defiance of MERS
e Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: new trailer
b Thailand economy contracts amid protests
t Indictment deadline extended for Pa. bomb suspect
t LG confirms that the G3 will be launched by the end of May
b ODNR issues new rules for drilling permits near areas with past seismic activity
e Adam Driver Is A Perfect Fit For Star Wars
b Bitcoin integrity endangered by 'mining pool'
e Angelina Jolie Speaks Out On Nigerian Schoolgirl Kidnappings: 'It's An  ...
m UK research brings Alzheimer's blood test closer
e Kanye West Strikes Back at the Press in Bonnaroo Return
e Charges Against Paul Simon, Edie Brickell Dropped
e Miley Cyrus hits back at overdose claims before raucous O2 Arena show
e Sarah Michelle Gellar Protests Kim Kardsahian - Kanye West Vogue Cover  ...
m US News & World Report ranks Baptist Health hospitals in Lexington, Louisville  ...
m Minnesota Bans Chemical in Personal Hygiene Products
e Mick Jagger looks happy in Oslo ahead of first Rolling Stones gig since tragic  ...
m Food Allergies More Common in Black Children
t Just for a day: Anyone can buy Google Glass in the US on April 15
e Chris Evans Talks Playing Captain America, Pranking His Brother on Fallon
b Bayer, Merck combining their medicine cabinets
b Obama EPA takes first step toward regulating fracking chemicals
e The Associated PressApril 28, 2014 Updated 8 minutes ago
t Google buying spree continues: Is Twitch next on the list?
e Egoyan's 'The Captive' to Compete at Cannes
e Glee Season 6: Call For Patience As The Sixth Season Of This Amazing Musical  ...
m Auburn's Oberhausen publishes, shares story about Type 1 Diabetes
b Merkel 'believes' in Greece after reforms
e Lea Michele Pregnant? 'Glee' Twitter Page Victim of Baby Hoax (TWEETS)
b Tom Walsh: Chrysler still has swagger after growth yields 25000 jobs since 2009
m Japan's women enjoy top life expectancy
m 'Watching too much TV may cause early death'
e Laughs get lost in 'Moms' Night Out'
e Eminem Premieres Emotional 'Headlights' Music Video
t Is Apple planning a "connect home" platform?
b Asian Stocks Broadly Higher After Selloff
e TI & Floyd Mayweather Brawl In Vegas…Over Tiny?
e Dancing With the Stars 2014 Recap: Latin Night — Shirts Off, Injuries On!
m Severe Childhood Obesity Worrying Doctors As Fat Becomes The 'New Normal'
e The Girlfriend Experience Anthology Series Is Coming to Starz
m Tamiflu Helps The Flu A Little But The Nausea And Psychiatric Disturbances  ...
e Kate Middleton Butt PHOTO, Controversial Wardrobe Malfunction Goes Viral  ...
t Samsung Galaxy Note 2 KitKat Update Android 4.4.2 Roll Out
m Study: Medical pot might reduce drug overdose deaths
b Planned P3 shipping alliance is abandoned
e Zendaya Coleman cast in Lifetime's Aaliyah biopic
t Delhi most polluted city in the world: WHO
b Janet Yellen lays down law on financial risk
t Honeybee Population collapsed due to insecticides
b Amazon unveils its first smartphone, which can recognise the world around it
t National Highway Traffic Safety Administration proposes backup cameras on all  ...
t Record-Breaking Octopus Reveals New Secrets Of The Deep Sea
e Susan Sarandon's Favorite 'Tammy' Moments
b FedEx Corporation(NYSE:FDX) Shares Reach For All-Time High
m Colon-cancer death rates fall sharply
t Sony's PS4 Sales Crosses The 7 Million Mark
m Humans can detect one trillion different odours
t Why some liberals are uneasy about Brendan Eich's resignation from Mozilla
e Why Shia LeBeouf Signed Up for Professional Help
m Minnesota Becomes Eighth State to Ban Indoor Tanning for Minors Under 18
e 'The Bachelorette' spoilers: Why producers 'couldn't ignore' Eric Hill death on TV
t LG G2 Gets Android 4.4 KitKat Updates in US, But Verizon Edition Still on Jelly  ...
e Courtney Love claims to have found missing plane
b Top winter wheat states hit hard by weather
e Top 10 women in comedy
t Ladies And Gentlemen, May I Introduce To You The Financial Engineer Of The  ...
e Scoop: AMERICAN IDOL on FOX - Thursday, May 8, 2014
e Mad Men Recap: "The Strategy"
e This weekend on TV: 'Penny Dreadful' is sort of a bloody mess
e Oprah Winfrey's former stepmom given 60 days to vacate home
e Franco, Rogen spoof Kimye yet again
m Aspirin cuts pancreatic cancer risk by half, research finds
t GM adds 218000 subcompacts to growing recall list - KTVN Channel 2 - Reno  ...
b Tunisian police convicted in woman's rape
t Blind Luck More Asteroids Don't Destroy Cities
e Get On Up Review: Chadwick Boseman Gets The Funk Out!
b HP To Lay Off 16000 More Workers
t Friday the 13th and full moon collide: should we be afraid?
b Euro zone business growth eases but recovery intact
e Pharrell Williams not so 'Happy'? Star overcome with emotion and sheer weight  ...
b Brown wants to drop the Whopper
m Veggies Top Fruits for Prolonging Life
e Shia LaBeouf arrested at Studio 54
e Spotify Cracks Nut on Subscribers, Breaks 10 Million Mark
t Tesla Hands Over The Keys To Its Technology
e The Purge: Anarchy Review
t Volantis is HTC's Nexus tablet, specs leaked ahead of Google I/O
m Ebola virus: Ghana shouldn't close its borders – WHO
e Reality TV star Benzino shot, injured by nephew while driving in funeral procession
e The Bachelorette: Eric Hill's last episode
b CURRENCIES: Euro Gains Ahead Of ECB Decision, Draghi Comments
t This octopus took 4.5 years to hatch its eggs
b Tesco full year profits fall as environment changes 'more rapidly than ever before'
t LG launches assault on Android rivals with new G3 flagship smartphone
t Google's Driverless Car!
b The skinny on Ackman and Valeant's Botox takeover bid
e 'Game of Thrones': George RR Martin explains that murderous finale scene
e Kylie And Kendall Jenner Co-Host Much Music Awards – Kendall Skips  ...
e First 'Avengers: Age Of Ultron' Concept Art Revealed; Showcases Quicksilver  ...
e The First Official Trailer for The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1 is Here!
m Free HIV testing
e Paul Walker's brother Cody continues late actor's legacy
t Market Monitor: Apple is the top US smartphone supplier in Q1
b P&G earnings up as it moves to cut brands
e One Direction Call In Lawyers Over 'Joint' Video
b Ukraine boosts security for vote as US warns Russia
e Record Store Day 2014: Staff Recommendations
t Wednesday Apple Rumors: 5.5-Inch iPhone 6 Debut Delayed Until 2015
e Sugar Land native stars in new 'Fargo' miniseries
t Facebook Has An Ambitious Plan To Deliver Internet To Everyone In The World  ...
t Microsoft under investigation by Chinese authorities
e Sherri Shepherd, Jenny McCarthy Out at 'The View': Who Will Be the Next Hosts?
e Review: Brick Mansions – Don't hurt yourself
e Review: 'Heaven is for Real'
t Protests Disrupt Google I/O Keynote: Who Were They, And Why Were They There?
t 2005-'10 Honda Odyssey Recalled for Fire Risk
t No need to localise Facebook for countries, it is personalised for user: Sheryl  ...
t Facebook offers users more control over ads
b Police clear hundreds of protesters from Hong Kong's financial district
b NFL Sunday Ticket: The easiest way to derail the AT&T-DirecTV deal
m One in Eight US Kids Abused or Neglected
m Insurers Must Offer Same-Sex Couples Same Spousal Benefits as Heterosexual  ...
t This holographic iPhone 6 concept could change everything
e A look at the Border Patrol's staffing imbalance
t Samsung Galaxy S5 vs iPhone 5S - Specifications, Features and Price  ...
t Samsung Galaxy S5 and Gear 2 Available for Pre-Order on AT&T and T-Mobile
e Reese Witherspoon Can't Pronounce Cara Delevingne's Name - See the Funny  ...
e RPT-UPDATE 3-US justices show little support for Aereo TV in copyright fight
e In a shock to fans, Marvel changes Thor to a woman
e Allison Williams Is Your New Peter Pan
b China's economy slows sharply in first quarter
e Ryan Gosling's Directorial Debut 'Lost River' Flops With Critics At 2014 Cannes  ...
t IBM Deal Could Help Apple Become An Integral Part Of Enterprise Computing  ...
e Teen tweet on terrorist threat results in arrest
m Sanofi, Regeneron pay $67.5M for a regulatory shortcut in blockbuster PCSK9  ...
b National fuel prices down 10 cents from last year
b Big Banks Push Back Against Fed Studies
b GBP/USD testing lows near 1.6470
b Brent near 1-month low under $109 as Libya restarts oilfield
b A Big Spanish Tech Company Was Accused Of Being A Fraud - 5 Days Later  ...
m Study: Not Eating Red Meat May Lower Breast Cancer Risk
b One Buck Zuck and Other $1-Per-Year CEOs
t Climate change's costs are tough to predict
e Kim Kardashian's See-Through Outfit Steals The Show At Kanye's Bonnaroo  ...
b Interest for €500m Cyprus 5 year bond issue reaches €1.9bn
b Gold prices in Asia gain on rebound from bargain hunting
e Happy Easter
e 'Game of Thrones' Season 4 – Profile of King's Landing
b Why Hong Kong is having unofficial democracy referendum
t Facebook May Have Conducted 'Hundreds' Of Tests Without Users' Knowledge
e Is Justin Bieber Dropping the N-Word Donald Sterling 2.0
t To make mobile communications more secure, BlackBerry buys German anti  ...
t Astronomers Discover Never-Before-Seen 'Exomoon' But 'Won't Have a Chance  ...
e Zendaya Cast To Play Aaliyah In Lifetime Biopic
t Apple's next media box gets Comcast's blessing, priority service
t Instagram might ditch Foursquare in favor of Facebook Places
t iOS 7.1.1 Update Released- iPhones Get Improved Touch ID Fingerprint  ...
e Jay Leno to be awarded nation's top humor prize by the Kennedy Center for the  ...
b British woman reports seeing MH370 'on fire'
t LG G3 Smartphone And LG G Watch Available From AT&T Starting July 11th
t Samsung Galaxy Star 2 Now Listed on Company Site at Rs. 4580
b What to expect from Microsoft, Amazon earnings Thursday
e Tributes for Sue Townsend, creator of Adrian Mole
t More User Agent Info Hints at G3 Featuring “Concierge” Features; Possible  ...
e Why Happiness Scares Us
b Alibaba Opens Fortunes From Wall Street to Chinese Backwaters
b Australia's Abbott: Free trade pact with Japan 'within our grasp'
b Baxter To Split Into Two Companies; Stock Jumps BAX BIIB NVO
t China denies it hacked Canadian research council
m Warning: Processed red meat linked to higher risk of death in men
m Children's Hospital: 'We failed to do what we should have done'
t Idaho Reaches Agreement with Apple in E-book Case
b Inpatient prices rise faster than outpatient prices
b Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR) Plummets 18 Percent as Lock-up Period Expires
b Stocks open lower ahead of Yellen testimony
e Tyler The Creator Is Arrested For Inciting A Riot At SXSW!
m Preventable skin cancer up in Canada, study says
e Will true love or true death rule on Sunday's 'True Blood' HBO series finale?
b Airbnb pulls over 2000 sketchy New York City rental listings
t 'Destiny's' E3 Is All About Multiplayer, Customization and the PS4
b How King's Candy Crush making 'factory' creates hits
e Breaking: Australian RollingStones tour postponed
e Enter to win tickets to 'Neighbors' Advance Screening
e Robin Thicke Admits He Has 'No Idea' What He's Doing In Trying To Win Paula  ...
b HSBC Mortgage Rates Climbing Thursday Mar 20
b Mulberry Chief Executive Guillon quits
m WHO considers emergency action on Ebola outbreak
e Justin Bieber On Recent Minor Car Accident Involving A Paparazzo: 'We Should  ...
e New Michael Jackson Album, 'XSCAPE,' Coming Five Years After His Death
b Samsung shifts focus to cheaper phones as first quarter profit seen falling
b Barra on recall: 'Terrible things happened'
e Ruby Dee, actress who broke race barriers, dies at 91
t Get ready for the first eclipse of the year
b China stocks slump on lackluster economic indicators
t Facebook may lure teen users back with virtual reality promise
e South Jersey's Grimmie falls short on 'Voice' finale
t NASA launches satellite to study carbon dioxide in Earth's atmosphere
m Frequent Conflict with Family and Friends Can Double Risk of Death
e Tess Boyer advances on 'The Voice'
t Major Google Maps update includes robust offline maps, Uber
t Watch out for Supermoon Tonight
e Music, As Well As Basketball For Final Four
b Stocks end higher, extending a modest rally
e Rihanna's MTV Movie Awards 2014 Red Carpet Look Is Basically Lingerie  ...
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's wedding: Round-up of all rumours as reality  ...
b Microsoft Rides Cloud to a Strong Q3
e Watch: MTV's Ferguson Public Service Announcement
b Twitter's new chief financial officer helped take it public
b Flight MH370: 17 conspiracy theories after Australians say plane is NOT in  ...
m Air pollution killed seven million people in 2012
e Robin Thicke names album after estranged wife
t Social media helps 'Burger King Baby' reunites with mom decades later
m Burgers, fries, and anthrax; 5 hospitalized in Hungary from tainted beef
e Mayweather Confirms that 'Tiny' was the Reason TI Stepped to Him (Video/Photos)
t LG's Android G Watch goes on sale worldwide
e The Voice Winner Josh Kaufman Is Coming After Robin Thicke and Pharrell
t Facebook Head Of Global Policy Management Monika Bickert On Study: 'That's  ...
e Mila Kunis Opens Up About Pregnancy and Ashton for the First Time
t E3 offers more ways to have fun with more than one
t NASA Explains The Source Of A Mysterious Bright Light On Mars
e Khloe Kardashian Has Learned A Lot Since Lamar Odom Split
e 'The Voice' Recap: The Live Round Begins
e Gotham Paired With Sleepy Hollow On Fox Schedule, First Stills Released
e Tori Spelling admits she missed Dean after affair and felt weak for it
t Pa. teen says changing typeface could save government millions in ink costs
b LinkedIn Hits 300M Members Thanks to Mobile
e Orlando Bloom and Erica Packer Seen Hugging After Ibiza Fight
t Lytro's Magical DSLR-Like Camera Lets You Refocus Photos After You Take Them
e Starbucks Expanding Teas And Wines, Plans To Double Size SBUX GMCR
t Yahoo Misses Expectations, but There Was a Silver Lining
b Attack on progressive state income tax is flawed
e WHERE WERE YOUR BOYS?! The Robin Thicke Edition
e NYC: Jon Favreau's 'Chef' Advanced Screening Passes
b Stocks Notch Another Gain
b Billionaire Icahn changes course, urges EBay sells 20% Of PayPal
m Insufficient sleep 'can increase obesity risk in children'
e Rooney was the quintessential entertainer
e Chicago Announced as Home of the George Lucas Museum
b Dollar Rises on Hardy Jobs Report For June
e Why Transformers Isn't 'Just a Movie'
t Scientists hail spectacular cosmic discovery
e Miley Cyrus cancels show due to flu
e Classic Lady GaGa is back! The singer debuts her new video 'G.U.Y'
e Shaun White becomes local girl's extreme prom date
e The Awesome Story Behind The Awesome "22 Jump Street" End Credits
b Japan drugmaker Takeda to fight $6bn damages imposed by US jury
b Malaysia Airlines: Ships recover unidentified objects in search for lost Flight  ...
e Playmate Kendra's husband 'cheated with transsexual while wife was eight  ...
t Microsoft's Office apps for iPad ushers in new era
e Director Bryan Singer Accused of Sexual Abuse
e 'Heaven's' depiction of family is for real
m Mosquito-Borne Virus From The Caribbean May Have Spread Into Tennessee  ...
b Hemp seeds arrive in Frankfort for research
b Target missed opportunities to stop hack, Senate report says
e For Your Entertainment: The Fault in Our Stars breaks all the rules
b Emirates Orders150 Boeing 777X Planes for $56 Billion
b Detroit Bankruptcy Judge Steven Rhodes wants report on water shut-offs
b Turkish president says Twitter ban unacceptable
b BlackBerry Returns To Profitability
t New Android L: A Big Deal?
e Beyonce Covers Time Magazine, Makes 100 Most Influential People List
t Virtual weed farms and the sticky state of Apple's App Store restrictions
m Saudi Arabia Reports Five New MERS Deaths
e North Korea Files UN Protest Over 'The Interview'
t Run your own cloud storage for less, EMC says
m The Government's Estimate of Children with Autism is High
t Outrage At Outage: Panic As Facebook Crashes
m Saudi Arabia revises MERS death toll
t AT&T HTC One Mini To Receive Android 4.4.2 KitKat Update Soon
t Report: Apple on verge of buying Beats for $3.2 billion
m California Warns of Whooping Cough Epidemic
b Wal-Mart To Reduce Cost Of Money Transfers By As Much As 50%
b FTSE 100: This morning's risers and fallers
e Justin Bieber And Selena Gomez Need To Stop Sexting Each Other Via Social  ...
e Soon, powdered alcohol to give you a high
b Higher productivity requires community support: BHP
b Hong Kong Stocks Heading for Six-Week Low After Tencent Drops
e Game of Thrones season 4 finale: Photos from 'The Children'
e Hilary Duff & Mike Comrie -- DINNER IN BEV HILLS ... After Singer Opens Door  ...
t 8 Big Questions About Google's Self-Driving Car
t Windows XP dies at 12 1/2 after long illness
e Listen: Kermit The Frog Talks 'Muppets Most Wanted,' 'Star Wars,' 'Gravity' And  ...
t Manufacturer Recalls Smoke And Carbon Monoxide Alarms
e Disorderly conduct charges against Paul Simon, Edie Brickell dropped
b Lululemon Athletica Inc. Will Fall Tomorrow Without This
m Roll up your sleeves for World Blood Donor Day
t A 12.9-Inch iPad? Why Doesn't Apple Make A Touch Screen Notebook? (AAPL)
m Ebola could infect more than 20 000 people, says WHO
b Unemployment rate drops – again
t Toyota faces $1.2 billion settlement over acceleration defects
t Plugged In: Half of Americans Can't Go a Day Without Phone, Study Says
e Tupac Shakur Musical To End Broadway Run: 18 Other Jukebox Shows With  ...
e 'Mad Men': A Family Matter
e Dwayne Johnson is Hercules on the Poster for the Brett Ratner Actioner
t Motorola Moto E launched in India, to be available on Flipkart priced at Rs 6999
b Pros and Cons of Filing a Tax Extension
e Eminem, Beyonce Named In MTV Video Music Awards 2014 Nominations
e Fallon's 'Tonight' Tops Late-Night Rivals
e Kristen Bell pretty in pink new Kristen Bell was pretty in pink at the premiere of  ...
b Euro zone factory expansion eases despite price cutting
e Saw-wielding man attacks Japan girl group
e Paris fashion takes flight with Christian Dior
m WHO Says MERS Virus Outbreak Of Concern Before Haj
e 2014 Cuba film festival to honour Garcia Marquez
t Apple splitting stock as iPhone sales soar
t 9 Politicians And The First Tweets They Ever Sent
e Sandra Bullock Reportedly Met Her Intruder Face-To-Face Inside Her Home
m Five a day not ambitious enough, unique study of fruit & veg consumption shows
b Facebook Q1 results defy estimates
b Global stocks mostly lower ahead of US earnings
b UCLA's Pauley Pavilion and Drake Stadium Flooded After Water-Main Break
t Android site shows off unreleased Google Play Edition Galaxy S5 - teasing  ...
e Sarah Still Has Game At Sportsman Channel, Season Two of Amazing America
m Study: Men With Sperm Defects Have Higher Risk of Dying Prematurely
e BOX OFFICE: 'Godzilla' ($93M) has monster weekend — but can't top 'Captain  ...
b AT&T tells US lawmakers DirecTV deal is not akin to that between Comcast and  ...
t Why did eBay take so long to reveal attack?
b Stocks pop on consumer spending data
e Jonah Hill Apologises for Homophobic Slur on Paparazzi
e George Clooney's fiancee Amal Alamuddin shows off seven-carat diamond
t Starbucks to offer wireless recharging
t Google I/O conference interrupted by 2 protesters over 'killing robots'
b MAS thanks Malaysians for support
e Eminem Instagrams Cowboy Photo, Hints That Big Texas-Related  ...
e 'The Bachelor' Juan Pablo Galvais trying to repair image
t Samsung announces the Galaxy K Zoom for mobile shutterbugs
m Oscar Pistorius trial: Mental health results due in case of Reeva Steenkamp killing
b John E. Hoover: OU's early exit seemed most unlikely scenario in loss to North  ...
e Breaking Bad, Modern Family score big at the Emmy's
e Olivia Palermo Wore A Sweater And Shorts At Her Wedding Last Weekend
e Rooney Mara In Talks To Play Tiger Lily In Joe Wright's 'Pan'
m At Least 40 US Veterans Died While Allegedly Stuck on Secret Waitlist at  ...
t Clear Skies For Meteor Shower Overnight
b Alibaba Updates IPO Filing, Names Partners Who Will Control Company
b UK unemployment figure falls by 63000
e WORST DRESSED Celebrities This Week (9-15 May)
b Priceline to buy OpenTable for $2.6b
b Japan Security Pact Not Aimed At China, Says Aussie PM
t Nasa climate satellite reaches orbit
e Please Enjoy Zac Efron Having His Shirt Removed At The MTV Movie Awards  ...
b Wall Street climbs on retail sales, Citigroup earnings
b Murdoch bid sparks Ten speculation
b NEWS & ANALYSIS: HP Plans 16000 More Layoffs
t Here's The Mind-Blowing Cosmic Calendar From Tonight's Cosmos Premier
b Government's Estimate of Available Oil Under California Was Off by 96%
b Kraft recalls 96000 lbs of hot dogs after packaging problem
b 'Highly sophisticated malware' stole credit card data from 3M Michaels customers
t Apple To Launch Bigger IPad In 2015
t CORRECTING AND REPLACING:/ Riverbed Powers Business with No Limits at  ...
b Denver home prices up 9% from 2013, says Case-Shiller report
e Billboard Music Awards 2014: Michael Jackson Hologram Performs, Justin  ...
b Honeywell Profit Rises on Sales Growth Across Segments -- Update
e Modern Family wins Best Comedy Series for the 5th year in a row
t Apple, Google settle all litigation over smartphone technology
e Amazing Spider-Man 2: First Green Goblin Close-Up
b JD.com Raises $1.78 Billion In IPO
e Are Warner Bros. And Kevin Smith Trolling Hollywood Gossip Blogs With Fake  ...
t Nintendo shares fall more than 6%
e TV highlights: 'Dancing With the Stars' returns
e Theo James and Shailene Woodley, 'Divergent' Cast Reveals Exclusive Movie  ...
b Chrysler's Report of $690 Million Loss is Good News for the Company
e Quentin Tarantino 'editing' 'The Hateful Eight' script after leak
b Crude oil prices rise in Asia on Iraq violence
e Secret Service to Mr. Met: 'Approach the president, and we go for the kill shot'
b County's unemployment rate continues to decline
e Chris Colfer's Twitter hacked, not fired from 'Glee' 0
t Facebook conducts psychological experiment in controversial study
t Jack Ma's Fortune Surges to $13 Billion Amid Alibaba IPO
t Sizzling News- Cisco Systems, (NASDAQ:CSCO), DIRECTV (NASDAQ:DTV  ...
t Google's Nest Launches New Developer Program For More 'Smart Home  ...
t How Android Wear dodges the 'Glasshole' bullet
e Drew Barrymore Welcomes New Daughter: Picks Adorable Name
e HGTV Slammed For Excluding Anti-Gay Christian Consumers From America's  ...
e Michael Jackson resurrected in 'Xscape' album coming Tuesday
b Alibaba To Purchase Stakes In Singapore Post
e 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' movie trailer released
t Apple Updates iTunes U With New iPad Tools
e World of literature mourns the death of Gabriel Garcia Marquez
t Heartbleed Bug: A Musician's Guide To The Web's Biggest Security Threat
t Google accused of being selfish and playing favourites over Heartbleed security  ...
e 'Captain America' Edges 'Rio 2' In The Box Office With Strong Second Week
t Flappy Bird creator is "considering" bringing the game back
e No Doubt's Gwen Stefani joins 'The Voice USA'
e Boomer Flashback: The 1964 New York World's Fair
b Todd Harrison: The Smart Money Strikes Again
e Gere's glamorous new girlfriend
e Ariana Grande, Iggy Azalea Top Pop, Rhythmic Songs Charts With 'Problem'
b Shareholder letters telling it like it is
e Pippa Middleton to cycle from California to Maryland in Race Across America
e 'Dancing with the Stars' finale reviews: Who knew that 'DWTS' could pack so  ...
t Live: LG G3 unveiled; stunning display, revamped UI, 13MP laser autofocus  ...
t A New Leak Shows LG's Next Smartwatch May Be Round
t Radar Reveals Beautiful Face of an Asteroid 'Beast'
b Unemployment In April Dips To 5.5 Percent In The Rochester Area
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Mini vs Galaxy S5: What's different?
e Prince George shows off fancy footwork as he cheers on dad Prince William at  ...
e Not a bitter parting
e Lorde To Write First Single On 'Mockingjay - Part 1' Soundtrack
m Morocco steps up guard after Ebola outbreak
t Samsung Galaxy S5 review: Sealed tight against water, but still getting stale?
t Apple reveals it is working to bring more diversity to emoji
m Fruits and veggie: Seven a day keeps the reaper at bay
m Drug Take Back Day
t OKCupid Lied To Its Users To Get Them To Fall In Love
t Dwarf planet discovered at solar system's edge
m Man inspired by Jim Kelly shares his story
e Jay Z and Beyoncé Share Trailer for Action Movie, Run, Starring Sean Penn  ...
t Samsung Releases Its Latest Smartphone Galaxy S5
m Former Boston Mayor Menino has advanced cancer
t Google Reinstates Some Links in Europe
m Woman told by gym to cover up her 'toned body'
e Rihanna deletes Instagram
e Rolling Stones guitarist writing children's book
e George RR Martin Talks Possible Game of Thrones Movie
e P Diddy Goes Back To Puff Daddy, Announces New Album
b International markets roundup
m Dark Chocolate May Ease Artery Disease Impact, Improve Walking Ability
e Roads heavily traveled
e Gosling, McAdams hated each other on 'Notebook' set
b Asia Pacific Market: stocks climb on China data
e Kendall & Kylie Jenner Finally Wear Pants At The MuchMusic Video Awards!
b Coke's Profit Declines Though Volumes Improve -- Update
e Billy Joel & Jimmy Fallon Sing An iPad Doo-Wop Of “The Lion Sleeps Tonight”
m Health Dept. Says West Nile Found In Evansville
m Winter's Polar Vortex Brings Spring's 'Pollen Vortex'
e Mother's Day: History of her story
t Xbox One Sales Improve Thanks to Cheaper Model
e Phil Collins donates Alamo collection to Texas museum
t Apple May Be Launching 12-Inch MacBook, 4K iMac in October, Report Says
b Morning MoneyBeat Europe: Stocks Set Fair Thanks to US Pep and ECB Hopes
t Heartbleed bug, internet's most alarming security threat ever
t Netflix informs subscribers of rate increase
b Daiichi Sankyo's Ranbaxy sell-off highlights the pitfalls of making drugs in India
e 'Divergent' is box office champ
b Nearly 1 Million New Yorkers Sign Up for New Health Insurance
e Why a '70s Mixtape Propels the Plot of 'Guardians of the Galaxy'
e 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' Apologizes for Controversial 9/11 Poster
t Amazon could launch a smartphone with 3D technology
t MakerBot Hopes To Disrupt Market With Large Z18 3D Printer
e The KISS story-behind-the-story revealed in epic Rolling Stone article
e 'Transformers 4' Brings Firepower to the Streets of Hong Kong
b EPA: Um, yeah, we totally had a hard drive crash that wiped out crucial emails, too
e Showbiz News Kim Kardashian and Kanye West marry in Florence
e 'Dancing With the Stars' Recap: Donny Osmond Guest Judges Disney Night
b U.S. new-home sales rose 6.4 percent in April
t Harley Unveils its 1st Electric Motorcycle
e Charlize Theron & Amanda Seyfried Display Their Legs at 'A Million Ways  ...
t Apple's Purchase of Beats May Not Be Finalized Until Next Week
e Gwyneth Paltrow: It's Harder to Raise Kids As An Actress, "It's Different When  ...
e Godzilla Is A Monster At The US Box Office
e Pessah 5774 – We don't give up on anyone
b Crumbs Cupcake Chain Is Going Out of Business
e Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez: Modern Day Romeo and Juliet?
e Selena Gomez Makes A Sexy Pose As She Works On A 'Secret Project'
t More fallout for Facebook: journal cites "concern" over study, privacy group files  ...
t Windows Slicker
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 will come with 5.7-inch qHD screen
m What is MERS? 5 things to know about the deadly virus that has arrived in the US
e Justin Bieber, Selena Gomez Back Together? Spiritual Rehabilitation to the Next  ...
e Lavigne faces Hello Kitty backlash
t Yahoo To Hold Bigger Stake In Post-IPO Alibaba
e Peaches Geldof's coffin decorated with family drawing
e Columbus Short is Not Having The Best Week Ever
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Concept Image Packs 2K Display and Better Camera
t Apple in talks with headphone maker Beats over €2.3bn takeover
b The brave men of the Vietnam Fisheries Resources Surveillance Force
t Oculus Rift VR Gaming Headset: Will it change the way video games are played?
b US Stocks Climb; Fourth Straight Gain for S&P 500
b Interesting August Stock Options For Las Vegas Sands
t Users, admins, developers: Here's what to do about Heartbleed
b AP NewsAlert
e Selena Gomez Gets 'Love Yourself' Tattoo
t Apple Reaches $450 Million E-Book Price-Fixing Settlement
t Android One Smartphone Costs $100 or Less: 4.5-Inch Display, FM Radio, Two  ...
m OWWA confirms 3rd Filipino death from MERS
e Frankie Knuckles Dies at 59
e TV judge Joe Brown compares himself to MLK following courthouse outburst and  ...
b CFPB Report: Typical Overdraft Situation Is Comparable To Small-Dollar Loan  ...
b Alibaba picks NYSE; Rate jitters dent stocks
t Motorcycling: Marquez dominates MotoGP practice
e 3 reasons why 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' is the best X-Men movie yet
e 'Muppets Most Wanted' lets the audience in on the joke
m Study Questions Tamiflu's Effectiveness Against Pandemics
b An early gain fades away on Wall Street; Health care stocks slump | The Republic
m Excessive Drinking Responsible for 1 in 10 Deaths
t Consumer Report: EBay passwords, SeaWorld App
b JP Morgan chairman Jamie Dimon diagnosed with throat cancer
e Peaches Geldof 'to have Easter funeral'
b China plane searching for Malaysia Airlines plane spots three objects
t FireFox For Windows 8 Project Axed Due to Low Demand
e Transformers: Age of Extinction Reaches $30 Million At International Box Office
t Netflix-Comcast feud escalates
e Ariana Grande Opens Up About Strenuous Relationship With Father After They  ...
t White House Aims To Save the Honey Bees and Other Pollinators
e Nirvana's Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Induction, Mars Volta's New Supergroup  ...
e 'Bachelorette' Finale Beauty: Get Andi Dorfman's Hair & Makeup
b Fiat Chrysler Aims For 4.5M Car Sales In 2014
m Marijuana Study For Veterans Gets Federal Approval
t iFixit teardown: Inside the Samsung Galaxy S5
m New concerns about the MERS outbreak in the United States
b FAA Seeks $12 Million Fine Against Southwest Airlines
m Sleep loss linked to weight gain in young children
m Local restaurants to offer proceeds for Relay for Life
b How the Fed could spook the markets
b IMF chief grilled in French corruption case
b Apple supplier Cirrus to buy Samsung chip maker Wolfson
e Exclusive: What Celeb Wedding Planner David Tutera Is Saying About Kimye  ...
b Local IKEA workers to get raise
e Nicki Minaj Disses Iggy Azalea at BET Awards?
e Justin Bieber trial: After Selena Gomez, ex bodyguard summoned
e Katy Perry sued by Christian rapper for ripping off his song in 'Dark Horse'
e Cannes 2014 - Welcome to New York, review: 'As portraiture, it flops'
t Pollution in Paris: What to do to breathe easy »
t Is Microsoft set to launch 'pathetically bad' Office for iPad?
e What if Disney made Game of Thrones?
e New Peanuts Movie: Full-Length Film by Charles Schulz' Son Craig
e 'The Bachelorette' 2014 Update: Series Creator On How They Will Be  ...
e What Were Tupac's Last Words? A Cop at the Scene Says...
m Worrying Alzheimer's findings
e This supposed fairytale may not have a happy ending
t Investor's Alert: Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA), AK Steel Holding Corporation  ...
t Astronomers discover new world at edge of solar system
b Posted by Muhammad Iqbal
t Apple's Schiller takes jury back to 2007 and the dawn of the iPhone
e Kim Kardashian's weird tuxedo dress thing at LA gala - trend or tragic?
b Fannie, Freddie Overhaul On The Rocks
e Fresh Film In Budapest: 'Transcendence'
e Stream Robin Thicke's New Album 'Paula'
e Juan Pablo Galavis called the worst 'Bachelor' of all time
b Europe midday: Stocks slide after weak factory data
b Kodiak Oil & Gas Shareholder Alert - Buyout Of Kodiak Oil & Gas Corporation  ...
b WORLD STOCK REPORT: Global stocks decline on sluggish Japan, China  ...
e Watch Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban Sing 'Amazing Grace' at a Children's  ...
e Harrison Ford 'breaks ankle' during Star Wars 7 filming
t LG's G Watch Is Now Available To Purchase in USA
e Stars grace the red carpet at amfAR gala in Cannes
e The Bachelorette: Love and Basketball
m 3D mammograms improve breast cancer detection, drive down false alarms
t 'Burger King Baby' reunites with birth mother thanks to Facebook
e Rob Kardashain is Moving In with Sister Khloe
b Yen Tumbled As S&P 500 Hits Record High
m You Won't Believe What's Living on Your Money
e Robin Thicke Thanks Paula Patton at the Billboard Music Awards
b Mortgage rates fall for second week in a row
b Mt. Gox finds over $100 million of customers' missing bitcoins
b These tech companies have the best pay and perks
t Iraq fighting plays role in gas price increases
b Ikea US Boosting Company Minimum Wage By 17%
e Discovery Cancels 'Everest Jump Live' After Tragedy
m 'Enhanced taxes can reduce number of tobacco users'
t Britain has ambitious plan for driverless cars, but roadblocks remain
b SEC Says BP Oil Spill Responder Dumped Stock Amid Crisis
e This Is How Kim Kardashian Is Spending Her Second Honeymoon in Mexico
e Kim Kardashian gets sand rubbed onto her bum cheeks by two male assistants  ...
m US childhood obesity rates have increased since 1999: study
e Shop the Screen: Kate Upton's 'Other Woman' Shoulder Bag
e Miranda Kerr Talks Sex & Single Life
b Objects spotted in new search area for Malaysia plane
b Siemens vs. GE - longstanding rivals
e 'Heaven' succeeds in depicting strong family life
e Allison Williams Lands Peter Pan Role in NBC's Live Production, 'Girls' Co-Star  ...
b Target Shares Edge Lower As Company's Canadian President Is Replaced
b US students in the middle of the pack on financial smarts: Plain Dealing
b Gold Ends Firmer, At 3.5-Month High Close, As Traders Buy An Early Dip
b Amgen to close Seattle, Bothell locations
b No fries with that -- McDonald's HQ closes in face of worker protest
e Midnight Rider director indicted
m Running for just seven MINUTES a day can 'halve the risk of dying from heart  ...
b Taco Bell Promotes New Waffle Taco With Ronald McDonalds
e Parents react to One Direction "drugs" video
t Samsung Galaxy S5 vs Sony Xperia Z2: Camera Comparison
t Opinion: Aereo's 'Rumpelstiltskin Gambit' doesn't pass muster
b Hail hurts crops, but 'not enough to lift prices'
t New Meteor Shower Could Put On Dazzling Show Memorial Day Weekend
m 'Gluten-free,' other food buzzwords are deceiving health-conscious consumers  ...
b Gold's rebound to peter out in second half on growth recovery
t Apple And Google Settle Patent Lawsuit
e Record Store Day celebrations at Stortford's Moon Unit Records
b Jobless Claims at Lowest Level in 7 Years
b Twitter flying high: Stock soars as firm beats estimates and reveals it now has  ...
m Global Environment Change Induced Complications Are On the Rise
e Justin Bieber vs. James Maslow – Hottest Star of 2014 [FINALS]
e For some reason Wayne Coyneand Miley Cyrus now havematching dead dog  ...
t Exclusive: Major Spotify redesign revealed
b Salmon Take A Long, Strange Trip To The Pacific Ocean
t Why Isn't the 2014 Hyundai Sonata More Fuel Efficient?
t Facebook (FB) Announces Launch of FB Newswire
e Are Bradley Cooper And Suki Waterhouse Engaged? His Ex Jennifer Esposito  ...
t Nadella and Elop pushed back the Surface Mini because it wasn't ready to  ...
b Argentina's Markets Pull Back After Debt Default
b Carney signals earlier British rate rise, sterling soars
b Walmart Works with AutoInsurance.com to Bring Customers in Mississippi First  ...
t News Feed video advertisements is being planned by Facebook
e Terry Richardson Reportedly Offering Vogue Photo Shoots In Exchange For Sex
t U.S. appeals court revives an Apple patent lawsuit against Google
e Commemoration in Brussels in memory of the victims of Jewish Museum terrorist  ...
e Bergdahl Provided With Media Coverage About His Return -U.S. Army
e Blood, sex and dragons in 'Game of Thrones' return
t 5 Passive-Aggressive Ways You Can Use Twitter's Mute Feature
e 'Noah' Has Strong Start in Korea With $1.1 Million
b Microsoft CEO Nadella to Wall Street: 'We want Windows to be ubiquitous'
t Internet Congestion Found To Be Real and 'Very Serious'
m Pick today to kick the habit of smoking
m Speaking two languages leads to a healthier brain, new study says
t Federal report: Warming disrupts Americans' lives
b Bumper US Crop Frustrates Europe
t DriveClub wasn't delayed to implement VR support, says Yoshida
b Intel sees 'signs of improvement' in PCs, but first-quarter sales and outlook  ...
m CDC: MERS not from business meeting
t FCC proposes new net neutrality rules, takes fire for non-neutrality
e Paul McCartney Helps a 64-Year-Old Fan Get Engaged
b Traders Purchase High Volume of Put Options on Bank of America (BAC)
b Target has fired the president of its troubled Canadian operations, Tony...
b Last words from Malaysia plane believed from co-pilot
m Summer (time) starts tomorrow
t Lenovo's First Consumer Chromebook: N20 and N20p for $279 to $329
t PSN Services Restored After DDoS Attack
e 'Mad Men' Power Rankings, Episode 704: 'The Monolith'
e 'The Good Wife' spoilers: Will Gardner's offers Alicia Florrick no comfort
e Ultimate Warrior Cause Of Death Revealed: Former WWE Wrestler Died Of  ...
t Threes dev reacts to clones with 42K word blog post
t Guest editorial: GM in the hot seat
b EU widens tax probe into multinationals
b Tesla sales back on in New Jersey
e Johnson Competes in Idol Finale Tonight
t Google removes first results under 'right to be forgotten'
e “Dawn Of The Planet Of The Apes” Trailer
e Famous world record holders
t Google Glass could soon assist surgeons
e The Goonies Sequel Is Happening, According to First Film's Director!
e Emmy Awards 2014: Netflix Programming Shut Out From Any Wins, Cable  ...
t NASA ISS On-Orbit Status 17 July 2014
m Proposed rules for compassionate use of Medical Cannabis Pilot Program Act filed
t Google's next phase in driverless cars
b Extreme sports camera maker GoPro files $100 million IPO
t 'Destiny' alpha to be open to all PS4 owners this weekend
e Alibaba Joins Lions Gate For Video Service in China
e Preparing for Easter Sunday an annual rite
b Big 5 Sporting Goods Downgraded to "Underperform" at Zacks (BGFV)
e Michael Jackson's Estate Announces New Album From the King of Pop
e Payday loans warner robins ga
m Paint the town purple; raise awareness and support the fight against cancer
b 'Frozen' helps Disney beat earnings estimates
t Samsung Ordered To Pay Apple $119m In Patent Case
e Nick Cannon gives Mariah Carey huge diamond bracelet days after bragging  ...
e 'Dawn of the Planet of the Apes' Trailer Declares War on Summer
e Seeking fans of 'The Fault In Our Stars'
e Kate Middleton Distances Herself From Sister Pippa?
e Rolf Harris's career ends in disgrace
m CCM's 2014 College Football Preseason Top 25 | 20-16
t Facebook's emotion manipulation study faces added scrutiny
t Amazon All Set to Enter into the Smartphone Market
b BlackBerry Stock on Shaky Ground Ahead of Earnings
e The resurrection of Jesus
e Get On Up Does the Godfather Proud
t HTC One M8 has 'stereo' cameras for post-photo focus
e Think you know your Eurovison? Then test your song contest knowledge here!
t HTC's Nexus 9 is a Tegra K1 tablet with BoomSound
m Natural SPF: Foods That Double as Sunscreen
t Fashion Boss Hired As Google Glass Chief
b Medtronic To Buy Mansfield-Based Covidien For $43B
m Free class will teach basics of diabetes
e Wu-Tang's One Copy Album: Can Art Hype and Collectors' Items Teach Music's  ...
e Angelina Jolie Partners with Stella McCartney on 'Maleficent' Clothing Line for  ...
e American Idol Season 13 Winner is Caleb Johnson!
e Legendary Filmmaker Paul Mazursky Dead at 84
b Biggest banks to pay up to 15m euros each for ECB supervision
t Netflix to release more 4K 'Ultra HD' content
e North Korea declares Seth Rogen and James Franco movie an act of war
b Job numbers rise along with unemployment rate (Video)
b France not against General Electric's bid for Alstom
e Angelina Jolie weaves black magic at Maleficent premiere - but evening is  ...
t Gas Prices Remain at Record High Levels in London
e James Gunn On What To Expect In 'Guardians of the Galaxy 2′
e Disneyland Prices Are Heading Toward the Clouds
b SunTrust To Pay Nearly $1B To Settle Mortgage Fraud Claims
b Mulberry chief quits after profits and share price hit
b BOE Minutes Show MPC Unanimous On Policy
t Gas Prices Up In South Dakota
e Watch Jay Z and Beyoncé's Pre-Tour Action Flick
b 17 miners trapped underground: Chinese state media
m Olympic Champion Amy van Dyken Recovering After ATV Accident Severs Spine
e Hey TV.com, Should I Watch Showtime's Penny Dreadful?
e Steven Spielberg's 'The BFG' and 'Untitled Cold War Thriller' get release dates
b Major retailer says 'no guns allowed'
e Christopher Mintz-Plasse Talks About Working With Dave Franco On 'Neighbors  ...
t Mark Zuckerberg Ordered To Appear In Iranian Court Over Claims WhatsApp  ...
m Food Poisoning Twice At US Restaurants Than Home Kitchen: Study
e Does the 'Gone Girl' Trailer Make You Think Ben Affleck Killed His Wife?
t Gasoline at US Pumps Seen Surging to 6-Year Seasonal High
b Anonymous "HiddenCash" creates social media frenzy
t Beyond NYT Now and Times Premier, some more options for the New York Times
e Jimmy Page Says 'Stairway To Heaven' Plagiarism Claims Are 'Ridiculous'
e So, Thor Is A Woman Now
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Mini to be Called Galaxy S5 Dx? New Leaked Image  ...
b Have taxes your way: Why Burger King wants to become a Canadian citizen
t Microsoft making Skype live-translation tool
m St. Petersburg General ranks low on new Consumer Reports safety ranking
e NY1 Theater Review: 'Of Mice and Men'
b No waiting: Boudou indicted
b Detroit bankruptcy judge enters flap over water
t Sprint and Spotify tie-up could be on the cards
b USD/JPY flattens as market digests Fed minutes
b Videogame retailer GameStop posts higher fourth-qtr revenue
b IKEA and 7 other companies paying more than minimum wage
e 'Seinfeld' 25th Anniversary: Top 25 Quotes to Celebrate
b UPDATE 4-US agribusiness ADM to acquire Wild Flavors for $3 bln
e Celebrating the MTV Movie Awards' Most Awkward Moments — The Viggle  ...
t Ford Lowers Hybrid Mileage Ratings for a Second Time
b Roche buying Seragon in US for up to $1.7 billion
m First bird with West Nile virus in Wisconsin found
t Total lunar eclipses: 'Blood moon' is first of four [Infographic]
t Did Pluto's moon Charon have an ocean? Cracks could reveal the truth
t Facebook Oculus Purchase Defended by Cliff Bleszinski, the Former Epic  ...
m Health Alert: Doctors in the south prescribe more painkillers
e Mad Men Recap: "A Day's Work"
b Yellen signals that still-subpar job market needs Fed's continued low-rate policies
e Gwyneth Paltrow, Chris Martin announce they're separating
e Harry Potter spin-off will become film trilogy
t 'Roombots' Create Transformer Furniture (VIDEO)
b CANADA STOCKS-TSX climbs with bank shares, set to end quarter higher
t NHTSA Closes Probe Into Fire Accidents of Tesla (TSLA) Model S
b Iraq, ISIS and Intel: Three must-sees for the week ahead
m Seven-a-day Fruits and Veg Lowers Risk of Death by 42 Percent
t Justice Dept. Targets Botnet Cybercrime Operations; Robert Anderson Comments
b Weir Approaches Metso Over Merger
e Review: Miranda Lambert shines on 'Platinum'
t Chinese Turn the Screws on Microsoft
e 'The Bachelorette' Season 10 Episode 8 Recap: Hometown Dates, Plus A  ...
t HTC to launch Volantis aka Nexus 9 tablet?
b Company Update: Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) – Walmart's (WMT) CEO C  ...
b Denmark Retail Sales Rise For Third Month
t Ham operators gather for Field Day this weekend
t The future of video games rolled out at E3
b Administration plays it loose with latest ObamaCare change
e Rolf Harris jailed for almost six years
b Amaya Gaming and PokerStars Announce $4.9 Billion Acquisition
t Jailed dictator Manuel Noriega sues over role in video game Call of Duty: Black  ...
t Lawsuit over defect will test automaker's protection from legal claims
t Americans Dissatisfied With Their Cable Companies, Especially Comcast And  ...
m Football star Jim Kelly receives outpouring of support in cancer fight
e 'True Blood' Final Episode Leaves Fans Fuming
b China needs tough measures, regulations to fight pollution: Premier
t Ram's new and smaller van to compete with Nissan, Ford
m Low dose aspirin intake may significantly lower risk of pancreatic cancer
b Mental health after Rana Plaza: One year later
b FOREX-Dollar climbs as euro struggles near 1-year low
t Virgin Atlantic using Google Glass to offer high-fliers personalised service
t Is Your Facebook Friend Single? Click the 'Ask' Button
t This thumbdrive hacks computers. “BadUSB” exploit makes devices turn “evil”
e Hank Baskett accused of relationship with transsexual
b Rebased GDP:The two-dimensional truth
b Dovish Draghi triggers a rally for Europe stocks
e Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Are Married?
b Honduras losing hope of survivors among 8 trapped in gold mine
e Watch Denzel Washington In The First Trailer For 'The Equalizer'
m 19 mln people unaware of their HIV-positive status: report
e Jack White breaks record for world's fastest studio-to-store record
b Tech Company That May Not Exist Is Worth $5 Billion
e Michelle helps to honour 'first lady' of fashion
e It's Official: The BBC Has Ordered A Fourth Season Of 'Sherlock'
e Rob Kardashian Has Gained Even More Weight, Which Is Weird Because He's  ...
e Movie review: 'Tammy's' sweet, fun, funny and crude — but not McCarthy's best trip
b M&T adds executive for sales
e 'A Gentleman's Guide' leads Tony nominations
b Tweet, retweet, favourite... buy?
e Fast and Furious 7 to continue filming in Abu Dhabi
t You'll Waste Your Whole Day On This Rubik's Cube Google Doodle
t Strictly Business: Protect jewel that is Mount St. Helens
e Volunteers Save Kathmandu Seder
t What you should know about the recent ignition switch recalls
m Wikipedia Is Better Than Google at Tracking Flu Trends // 5:08 PM ET
m Express Scripts Trying To Shame Gilead Into Reducing Sovaldi Price: Who Is  ...
m Moving video shows woman hearing for the very first time
e 'The Voice' Season 6 Top 10 results: Bria Kelly, Tess Boyer or Kat Perkins, who  ...
t Microsoft Office rumoured to hit iPads on 27 March in first event for new CEO  ...
e Star Wars: Episode VII Set 30 Years After Jedi, Starts Filming This May
m OPINION: Farmers can help overcome obesity crisis
m Alzheimer's risk increases for women over 60
e INSANE CLOWN POSSE'S GANG LAWSUIT DISMISSED IN FEDERAL COURT
b Fed gives thumbs down to five banks over capital plans
t Iran censors WhatsApp because Mark Zuckerberg is a 'Zionist'
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Went Zip-Lining, and the Internet Was Never  ...
b Highest 4th of July Gas Prices Since 2008
e George Brett, Inspiration Behind Hit Single 'Royals,' To Finally Meet Lorde
e HBO Content Now Available To Prime Customers
e Drake cancels Wireless Festival appearance due to illness, Kanye to play both  ...
b Relocating is a lengthy process that could see high acceptance
t Amazing moment SUPERMOON lights up the skies as it nears the Earth on its orbit
b GameStop down on Wal-Mart worries; Microsoft gains
e Why the Community comeback? Sometimes it's best to let things die
e Justin Bieber gets into another paparazzo accident, tweets about Princess Diana
b AstraZeneca rejects Pfizer's final offer
b UK WINNERS & LOSERS: Shire Gains As Takeover By AbbVie Confirmed
e AP Music WriterApril 12, 2014 Updated 15 minutes ago
t Mercedes-Benz June sales up 8% on year to 142136 vehicles
b Tesco clothing rockets online but group profits slip
e Depp trades 'clown nose' for...
b Tax Day Freebies: Special Offers To Take The Sting Out Of April 15
t Pa. Teen Says Font Change Could Save $370M
e White to release new solo album new Former White Stripes frontman Jack White  ...
t Astronomers Recreate the Universe in Huge Computer Simulation
b Italy service sector PMI returns to growth in April: Poll
e Apparently Hello Kitty is a Human Girl, Not a Cat
e Robin Thicke's Twitter Q&A Goes Horribly Wrong: The Best-Worst Tweets From  ...
e Police: Country music singer Scotty McCreery victim of home invasion
b Percentage of Americans with health insurance highest since '08
m Electrical device helps paralyzed men move legs
t New Meteor Shower Later This Month
t Scientists solve Death Valley mystery
e New York Times boss defends firing of Jill Abramson, claims gender played no role
e Jay Z And Beyonce Go On The Run In Star&Studded Movie Trailer
b US House Committee Announces Investigation into GM Ignition Switch Recall
e MTV Movie Awards showcases upcoming Hollywood studio blockbusters
e Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles to take over Fresno Grizzlies game
b IKEA boosts pay for employees
t Scientists say Hawaii's climate getting warmer
e Selena Gomez scores favourite female singer at the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice  ...
b Copper posts biggest decline since 2011 on China demand concern
e OFFBEAT: Hollywood legend Mickey Rooney dead at age 93
b Possible suspect in Target data theft, police say
b US Hot Stocks: Hot Stocks to Watch
t California permits self-driving cars, but falling asleep still forbidden
e One Direction, Robert Downey, Jr. rule Kids' Choice Awards
e Stephen Colbert Gives An Epic Rebuttal To People Who Think His Show Should  ...
e Photos: Zac Efron and Michelle Rodriguez caught kissing in Sardinia
e Yahoo announces two comedies to start original programming initiative  ...
t Quantum Break Unaffected by Microsoft Entertainment Studios' Closure
b Major Indexes End Flat After Trading In Narrow Range
b Family Dollar to cut jobs, shut down 370 underperforming stores
b In brief: French leader takes key role in Alstom merger
b BofA Profit Tumbles 43% on $4B Litigation Costs
e Harper Lee: I Won't 'Cooperate' With Any Book for the Rest of My Life
t 6 Pros and Cons to the Facebook / Oculus VR Acquisition
e 'Peter Pan' named — with a strong NBC hook
e Frank Ocean On Coachella : " I Might Skip Coachella To Stay In The Groove"
e Educating Zara
b Union: Train operator in Chicago crash 'tired'
b European Central Bank keeps interest rates level
b Initial Jobless Claims Unexpectedly Up 1.3%
b A deflationary future beckons for much of Europe, but still the ECB won't listen
b Wal-Mart Stores expands trade-in video game program to physical stores, will  ...
e Grand Theft Likeness? Lindsay Lohan Sues Over Video Game Character
e Macklemore: 'I Truly Apologize'
b Key number for Twitter: 16 million new users
e Record Store Day draws vinyl enthusiasts to Ignition Music Garage
t Apple Inc. Barometer Suggests Strong June
e Coachella 2014: Stream Festival Via YouTube
t Should Indians look out for Google Glass?
t Facebook announces plans to roll out 'Nearby Friends' feature
e The Greatest Kim Kardashian Impression You Will Ever See, Courtesy Of GloZell  ...
m CDC: Old Smallpox Vials Found In NIH Storage
b AT&T throws down $48.5 billion for DirecTV
t Google, Netflix, Amazon demand net neutrality: 'We're going to be pretty vocal  ...
t Samsung Galaxy S5 only the third best selling smartphone in the UK in May
t Pizza Hackers Hold Topping Preferences (and Passwords) to Ransom
t Government Could Switch to Garamond Font To Save $136 Million a Year
b Students struggle when loan co-signers die, go bankrupt: watchdog
b Scientific Games gets Bally Technologies in US$5.1 bln deal
e Birdman (or the Unexpected Virtue of Ignorance), Venice Film Festival opening  ...
b US Bancorp Receives Results of Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review  ...
t Microsoft makes Surface 2 more attractive
e Beyonce's Met Gala 2014 Dress Is Sheer Fabulousness
b Uber temporarily cuts prices on taxi-like service in NYC
b GLOBAL MARKETS-Euro, sterling buoyant before central bank meetings
t New super-heavy element 117 decays in nanoseconds!
e Ann B. Davis, Alice from the 'Brady Bunch' Dead at 88: America Mourns! Video!
e U.S. Airways Issues Apology After Tweeting One of the Most Inappropriate  ...
t Samsung Galaxy S5 sales lag behind iPhone 5S and 5C in the UK
e Clooney slams 'fabricated' story on fiancée's mom
t Seeds Of Apple's New Growth In Mobile Payments, 800 Million iTune Accounts
e XSCAPE: New Michael Jackson, Produced by Timbaland, Set For May 13
t Amazon's 'Fire Phone' makes 3D on smartphones seem worthwhile
b Medtronic to Buy Medical Device Maker Covidien for $42.9 Billion
e Weekend Box Office Report: Viewers Flood Theaters to See 'Noah'
e 14 reality stars who exist today because of the OJ Simpson trial
e Report: Jessica Simpson Flubs Wedding Vows During Ceremony
b Fed blocks Citigroup
e Sophia Bush is Lovely in Lace for CFDA Fashion Awards 2014!
e Teen Dies While Doing ALS Ice Bucket Challenge
b Iraq Unrest Drives Concerns of Oil Spike
e Dancing With the Stars 2014: Meryl Davis and Maksim Chmerkovskiy's Finale  ...
t NASA delays OCO-2 satellite launch; Colorado State Univ. team to help analyze  ...
e Crowdfunding kicks up potato salad passions
t Starbucks rolls out wireless phone chargers nationwide
e Craig Ferguson Doesn't Surprise With 'Late Late Show' Exit — Now What  ...
t Google Glass 2 reportedly in development
b No word yet if any Harrisburg area stores are among the 370 Family Dollar  ...
t Graco recalls parts for 1.9M infant car seats
e Kate Upton Perfects Bombshell Hairstyle at The Other Woman Screening in NYC  ...
e Willow Smith, 13, photographed lying in bed with 20-year-old actor Moises Arias
e 'True Blood' Star on Latest Shocking Death: Sookie Will 'Feel Guilty About It'
e Lorde Laughs at Best Rock Song Win at Billboard Awards, Posts GIF
b Is Snapchat really worth $10 billion? Investors think so
t Snowden: His NSA leaks leave world 'in a more secure place' (+video)
e Khloe Kardashian Leaves French Montana's House Early In The Morning! Takes  ...
e Invision / Photo by Chris Pizzello
m Merck's Investigational Chronic Hepatitis C Combination Therapy MK-5172/MK  ...
b Wall Street flat at record levels, valuations seen as reasonable
e Interview: Actor Teo Halm, Director Dave Green of 'Earth to Echo'
t Facebook's Emotional Manipulation Study: When Ethical Worlds Collide
b MPC united in keeping base rate at 0.5% despite Carney warning
e Katherine Heigl Sues Drugstore For $6 Million Over Unauthorized Photo
e 'Star Wars 7' Release Date, Cast & Plot Updates: Film Finally Starts Production in  ...
b Freddie Mac: Average 30-year mortgage rate down slightly to 4.12%
b No. 3 US chocolate maker gobbled by Swiss
e Olympic runner and WW2 prisoner Louis Zamperini dies
b Millionaire's @HiddenCash Twitter account giving away cash to Bay Area  ...
e Maya Angelou, the nation's wise woman
t HTC One (M8) review: A worthy upgrade
m Low blood sugar identified as a cause of marital strife
e Morning Media Mix: The View is Just Whoopi
e Fleetwood Mac To Play TD Garden With Christine McVie
m Zoo performs rare C-section on gorilla
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Depart For Honeymoon- Where Are KimYe  ...
e 10-episode TV version of 'Fargo' lives up to film
e John Pinette, actor and comedian, passes away at 50
m Is Gilead Sciences a Value Stock?
b Big Losers in GDP Report: Democrats
t Dragons return to New York
b Fitch upgrades New York state's bond rating
b January unemployment dropped in 43 states
e Rolf Harris: Tonya Lee speaks as he is kicked out of ARIA Hall of Fame, police  ...
t 'iPhone 6 production starting next month'
e 'Captain America' largest April opener with $95M - KCTV5
e Jay Z, Beyonce make cameos at Coachella
b CONSUMER ALERT: GM recalls 2.4 million more vehicles
t Google yanks links as it obeys EU ruling
b Nearly 80% of California suffering extreme drought conditions
m E-cig industry awaits looming federal regulation
b Toyota Trades California For No-Tax, Low-Regulation Texas
t OnePlus One Release Date Delay: 64GB Sandston Black Bumped Forward To  ...
e Kendall Jenner Acknowledges Billboard Music Awards Flub, Blames Contacts
e Billy Joel, Jimmy Fallon sing with an iPad app (No, it's really good)
e Kiefer Sutherland's Reps And Fox Already Responded To Freddie Prinze Jr.'s  ...
b What you need to know before the US open
t Google Android Wear OS Debuts on Motorola And LG Smartwatches
b GM CEO apologies after ignition switch recall
e The Bachelorette Update: Andi Dorfman Left In Tears As She's Told About Eric  ...
m Albuquerque gym faces lawsuit over Muslim head covering
e Looking Forward to the Future with Barbara Walters
b China widens yuan trading band
m Children of Same-Sex Couples are Healthier, Study Shows
b TransGlobe Energy Corporation Announces Termination of the Arrangement  ...
b Polish Manufacturing PMI Eases to 50.8, 11-Month Low
b Oil markets spike on Iraq concerns
t NSA infiltrated RSA security more deeply than believed: US study
b Home builder sentiment hits 6-month high in July
t MacBook Air 2014 Refresh Could Launch Soon, Rumors Say
e Phil Collins gives collection of Alamo artefacts to Texas
m Can Diet Drinks Make You Lose Weight?
e Iggy Azalea Performs “Fancy” At ESPYs (Video)
b European Market Update European markets weather more hawkish Fed stance  ...
e Five Movies To See This Summer
m 10 Nassau beaches reopen after closure for high bacteria levels
b Swiss-based tobacco giant appeals to EU court »
m Common drug restores blood flow in deadly form of muscular dystrophy
m Even a little running cuts death risk
t Woman who modeled first Ford Mustang reflects on car's legacy
b Los Angeles based Herbalife facing FTC inquiry; shares plunge
t Samsung Galaxy S5 now available for pre-order from Ting
e Edge of Tomorrow Review: Tom Cruise's Sci-Fi Movie Is "Brilliantly Executed  ...
b Gamestop shares fall after Walmart announces competing game trade-in program
b Cash home sales soar in South Florida, RealtyTrac says
m Samsung Chief Lee Kun-Hee Hospitalised After Cardiac Procedure
m Lululemon criticized for anti-sunscreen slogan on company bags
t The Internet's Own Boy (Courtesy of Participant Media)
e Web to Watch: Stream Coachella live on YouTube
e All set for a fiery Fourth
b Libya: Oil production rises to 470000 barrels/day
m OMsignal to open preorders for their smart shirts
e Archie's Death: Comic Book Vendors Like The Take On Serious Issue
t Raise Your Hand If You're Tired of Apple Patent Litigation
e Coachella's young audience a marketers paradise
b Hawkish Fed Surprises Market, Leads US Dollar Higher
b BIS Warns Of Signs Of Trouble In Global Economy, Urges Government Action
b UPDATE 2-Lockheed beats Raytheon to win US 'Space Fence' contract
e Author/Activist Maya Angelou (86) Leaves Poetic Legacy Behind
e Wiz Khalifa Arrested for Marijuana Possession in Texas, Tweets Jail Selfie  ...
m 2 Filipinos die of MERS-CoV in Saudi Arabia
t Models don't show true risk of climate change
t Sony Exec Faces Bomb Scare Following PlayStation Hack
t SlimKat Android v4.4.2 KitKat Custom ROM Released for Samsung Galaxy  ...
e 'How I Met Your Mother' Finale: The End Was Only the Beginning
t New Google Street View feature lets you go back in time
t Google's Android Wear Gets The Jump In Smartwatches
t NTT DOCOMO to launch Apple iPad Air and iPad mini on its network from 10 June
m Giant step for stem cell research
b Blackberry giving away free apps, cutting ties with T-Mobile
e Drew Barrymore and Will Kopelman welcome daughter Frankie
b UK Inflation Falls To 1.5%, But Still Eating Away At Your Pay Packet
m Liberia confirms spread of 'unprecedented' Ebola epidemic
t Apple, Google seek approval for $324.5M wage-fixing settlement
e Ice Cube blasts MTV for 'sympathy' award to crash victim Paul Walker
m Nutley has record breaking year at 2014 Annual Relay for Life
e Johnny Depp takes Amber Heard to a book shop for her birthday
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Prime spotted sneaking into India for 'R&D purpose'
e IN PHOTOS: 'American Idol' crowns its season 13 winner
e Disney to film 'Incredibles' and 'Cars' sequels
b BSkyB Confirms Pay TV Talks With 21st Century Fox -- 2nd Update
e Fleetwood Mac Plan First Tour With Christine McVie in 16 Years
b Alibaba, ShopRunner plan to launch joint China service
e Sounds Like Angelina Jolie Is Planning for Baby #7
e St. Patrick's Day enforcement campaign continues
e Lena Dunham Went On A “Really Sick Double Date” With The President
t Facebook website appears to be back after outage
b Five Star Stock Watch: Tesla Motors
m Medicare payments: 14 Peninsula doctors paid more than $1 million for treating  ...
b Statewide Unemployment Improving; Valley Still Struggles
e Caucus secrecy cloaks important legislative moves
t Gas Prices Lowest In 4 Months
e Easter Holiday: What is Easter?
t Google Partners with Ray-Ban, Luxottica for Google Glass Adoption
t NASA stitches 3.2 gigapixel 'Global Selfie' mosaic
e THURSDAY, MARCH 27, 2014 | POSTED BY: MATT HOWARD
e Lohan sues over 'Grand Theft Auto V' game
b Burger King Facing Backlash For Moving To Canada
t Daimler Anticipates 2014 Sales to Beat Audi, BMW in China
t San Francisco journalist attacked for wearing Google Glass
e PHOTOS Kim Kardashian almost pulled a Scout Willis with a racy top in NYC
t NASA's moon-orbiting robot likely vaporized after lunar surface crash
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West Wedding: Reality Star Slams Rumors; 'We Are Not  ...
t GM announces new recalls
b US gains trade victory in auto dispute with China
e Adam Levine debuts platinum blonde hair: 'I like that it looks creepy'
e LA DA Declines To File Charges Against Bieber (Again)
e Miley Cyrus Heading To Capital FM's Summertime Ball
b Friday's early trade: S&P 500 briefly hits record
t Bayonetta 2 and X Still Set for 2014 Release
b 15/04/2014Credit Suisse subpoened in tax-evasion probe: source
m Researchers Establish Link between Alcohol Drinking and Musical Branding
e 'How is it possible we will not see her again'
e Peaches Geldof dead: 'She was the wildest, funniest, cleverest, wittiest and the  ...
e New anti-gay remarks by 'Duck Dynasty' patriarch emerge in video of sermon
e Noah and the difficult road for religious epics
e 5 Things to Know This Morning
b Covered California's final sign-up total: almost 1.4M
b China rejects sign it may soon be No. 1 economy
e George RR Martin claims 'Game of Thrones' could end with movies
e Three People Arrested Outside of Taylor Swift's Beach House
t Apple Working on More Racially Diverse Emojis
e Actor arrested in shooting death of wife
b US financial services giant unveils $6.25 bn takeover
e As 'Game of Thrones' surpasses 'Sopranos,' gets set for season finale, a look at  ...
t Newegg Announces Titanfall Sweepstakes
t Supermoon coming Friday and Saturday night; 3 this summer
b Home price growth in Triangle lag national, state averages
e Paul Walker resurrected with CGI and four body doubles for Fast & Furious 7
t The 'right to be forgotten' explained
b Three-Day Weekend Will Kick-Start Fourth of July Travel
b Murdoch Sets Up Sons To Take The Reins Of His Media Empire
e Johnny Depp Comes Clean To Ellen In One Of The Best, Most Revealing  ...
b Airbus Submits Patent for Bicycle-Like Seats
t Titanfall companion app angers PC users
t Google case pits 'right to be forgotten' vs. free speech
e The Walking Dead Season 4 Finale: End Of Line
e Paul Stanley dishes on KISS feuds and "painful" secrets
e Adrian Mole Author Sue Townsend Dies Aged 68
m 3-D mammograms increase early detection of breast cancer by 29 percent
e Star Wars: Episode VII - Lead Role Rival
e DAVID MURDOCK: Happy 450th birthday ... maybe ... to the 'Bard of Avon'
b Turkish prime minister: “We'll eradicate Twitter”
b FedEx Tops Street Views as 4Q Profit Soars
b Great divide: Low-priced home sales sink; high-priced ones rise
b Newscast: No Candy Crush fans on Wall Street
b What are Corporate Inversions, and How do They Work?
t Twitter adds photo-tagging and '4 photos in a tweet'-sharing
m 2 Alabama residents contract mosquito-borne virus
m VA starts search for new Veterans Health Administration head
b Google's earnings falter as ad prices slip
e Home»News»World»Johnny Depp shows off diamond 'chick's ring' in  ...
b New homes sales surge in May - KTVN Channel 2 - Reno Tahoe News Weather  ...
t The larger iPad of Apple will come next year
e Miley Cyrus Snubs The Voice Over 'Feud' With Christina Aguilera?
b Airline Insurers Face Mounting Losses Following A Spate Of Crashes
b Business Digest: FAA says Boeing 787's design, manufacture safe
e Tina Fey opts for casual chic in jeans and leather jacket at Broadway premiere of  ...
b Report: US in Another Probe of Credit Suisse
e Travel Channel delays Adam Richman show after Instagram posts
e Channing Tatum Jokes He's a “High-Functioning” Alcoholic (VIDEO)
e Get a Better Look at Grant Gustin in Costume as The CW's 'Flash'
e Harry Potter Spin-Off Book 'To Become Movie Trilogy'
m Postpartum Depression Affects Young Fathers Too, Study Shows
e RIP, Paul Horn
b Here's Taco Bell's Entire Breakfast Menu
m Diabetes rises in US, but complications decline
b Malaysian official: No engine data received from plane after it went missing
e Dean McDermott Slams Tori Spelling Sex Life: 'It Wasn't Fantastic]
t Creationists demand equal airtime on Neil deGrasse Tyson's 'Cosmos' to  ...
b Houston Street Pipe Break Hurts Businesses, Drivers
b Target CEO out over data breach
m Chikungunya virus takes a toll in Haiti's crowded shantytowns; 40000 suspected  ...
b Adobe Ink & Slide (Photo: Business Wire)
e 'Fargo' Premiere Recap: Meet Lester Nygaard, the 'Minnesota Nice' Murderer
e First Trailer for "The Hobbit: Battle of the Five Armies" Released
b Cab drivers protest Uber by clogging streets in London, Paris
t Microsoft Is Losing Market Share It Can't Afford To Lose
e Batman vs Superman: DC Superhero Film Set for Box Office Fight With Captain  ...
t BBM joins the sticker craze, gets group photo sharing
b UK's Osborne says would back Pfizer-AstraZeneca deal if it delivers jobs
b Today's Gold price per ounce Spot gold per gram Spot silver per ounce Rate  ...
e Video: Cinco de Mayo parade cut short in Detroit, following fatal shooting
b Business Briefs: VW Golf makes Ward's list
t Autonomous cars are better city drivers than humans, Google says
m Sickle cell reversed with stem cell transplant in potential cure
t Time for iWatch? Slumping iPad opens the door for the next big thing
t Google Reportedly Developing 'Project Tango' Tablet With 3-D Image Capturing  ...
b Major MN Employer ATK Splits Into 2 Companies
e UPDATE: 9 Aerial Performers Drop 25 to 40 Feet During Circus Act (VIDEO)
t ITS braces for Heartbleed bug attack
t Comcast Sets Stage For Testy Senate Hearing, Telling FCC …
e Kim Kardashian's aunt says star is copying the Royal wedding - and could even  ...
t Nexus 7 2013 Price Drops to $130 for 16GB, $170 for 32GB
t Facebook COO apologizes for news feed experiment
t Nintendo continues to blame Wii U for its financial woes
t Samsung, LG launch smartwatches with Google software
b Brent holds near $110, US gasoline stocks draw triggers demand hopes
e Building on the legacy of Cesar Chavez: Jose Calderon
e 23 Celebrity Smokers Who Might Really Surprise You (and Lindsay Lohan, Too)
b Current account deficit sounds alarm over economy
m Men prefer an electric shock to being alone with their thoughts, study finds
b CURRENCIES: Dollar Falls Against Yen On Ukraine Tensions
b Sunday, March 23 2014 06:58 PM
e Olivia Palermo Ties the Knot With Johannes Huebl in New York Countryside
t A programmer's view of Apple's new Swift language
e Artist of the Week: Michael Jackson
b Tax day freebies
e Did Tony Soprano die? Sopranos creator David Chase finally gives answer
t Destiny to enter beta in July
t Smartphone Kill Switch Bill Approved
b Peruvian copper project, Las Bambas sold to Chinese investors
b Kleiner Perkins $20M investment values Snapchat at nearly $10B: DJ, citing  ...
m W. African countries work to contain unprecedented Ebola outbreak as disease  ...
b Gold extends gains as Fed minutes reveal weak pricing concerns
b America's Biggest Cash Crop: Marijuana Business
e Lana Del Rey's 'Ultraviolence' tops Billboard 200, Sam Smith's 'In the Lonely  ...
e Winter Sleep wins Palme d'Or
t Mozilla Appoints Chris Beard As Interim CEO
e MTV Movie Awards Pays Tribute to the Late Paul Walker [Video]
e Former GMA host Joan Lunden reveals she has breast cancer
b Euro Area Manufacturing, Services Widen Expansion In April
t Hackers attack Sony PlayStation Network
t Virgin Galactic names 'official' hotel in southern NM
t Air Force Seeks $100 Million for Rocket Rivalry
m CDC announces second case of MERS virus in US
e Monty Python's enduring popularity shows that irreverence is the hallmark of our  ...
m State abruptly delays Medicaid health home service
t Hills pegs future with Windows, Azure
b OECD cuts Turkey growth estimate to 2.8 pct, highlights transparency issues
m Novel malaria vaccine made from blood of Tanzanian children immune to the  ...
m Fear, suspicion undermine West Africa's battle against Ebola
t Gas prices pumped up for Fourth of July
t Crunchyroll Now Available on Chromecast!
t The free gadget that Amazon hopes will compel you to order more stuff — lots  ...
m At Least 20 Chikungunya Cases in New Jersey
e Watch New “Hunger Games” Trailer: 'The Mockingjay Lives'
e Game Of Thrones: 10 Awesome Characters We Haven't Met Yet
t Microsoft to lay off most employees in over five years
m Electric currents 'could control dreams'
e Box office: With $41.4 million, 'Captain America' holds off 'Rio 2'
m Oscar's psychiatrist suffers heart attack
e 'Walking Dead' Season 4 finale crushes network competition
m Germs' DNA decoded to fight food poisoning
b Egypt Raises Fuel Prices by up to 78 Per Cent
e In Internet TV case, justices weigh copyright laws, innovation
t Facebook to require Messenger app for mobile chat
e 9/11 museum marks a step in nation's recovery
b UPDATE 2-Fed mulls policy exit, eyes October end of asset purchases
b Why Gilead Sciences Is Heading To $80
b Is the Economy Really Healthy Enough to Tighten Monetary Policy?
m Samsung Electronics chief Lee hospitalised after cardiac procedure
e Eva Green as Vanessa Ives and Reeve Carney as Dorian Gray in Penny  ...
m WATCH: What Is Gluten? No One in L.A. Can Tell Jimmy Kimmel
e Amanda Bynes celebrates birthday with happy, healthy holiday snaps
e Walker's Brothers Help Finish "Fast and Furious"
b Take a Second to Read Draghi's Minutes Is Lesson From Fed
b Medtronic says still has room for more acquisitions
m 'Draw Something' Game Helps Man Lose 400 Pounds
e Game Of Thrones Season 4 Episode 4, Oathkeeper - HBO/Sky Atlantic: TV Review
t One of the First Texts-to-911 Was Sent While Driving. Of Course.
e Rumors That Beyonce And Jay Z Will Tour Together Give Us Hope For Summer
e Mass Shooting in Santa Barbara
e Selena Gomez, Orlando Bloom Dating?: Singer 'Really Happy' With Actor, Away  ...
t UPDATED: OkCupid Protests Mozilla's CEO, Asks Users to Boycott Firefox Browser
e Edgar Wright Quits 'Ant-Man'
b 16 June 2014 US pre-open: Futures fall on Iran concerns as investors await data
e Reviews For The Easily Distracted: Guardians Of The Galaxy
e Familiarity But No Contempt: The Sequel Says 'Jump,' You Say 'Oh, Hi!'
b Lockheed Martin wins "space fence" contract
b Bertha may not dig again until next March
t Lyrid meteor showers peak near sunrise; Some in Michigan will get to see the  ...
b Dubai to build 'Mall of the World'
t Mars Opportunity rover sets off-world driving distance record
m New study shows that parenting is hard on dads, too
m Lipkin: Will MERS become a global threat?
b Ukraine resumes reverse gas imports from Europe
m Salmonella Cases Linked to Foster Farms Chicken Plant
m OUTSIDE CHANCE: Don't like the health reform law? There are options — and  ...
e Summer movie preview: apes, raccoons, dragons, etc.
e Sandra Bullock's encounter with stalker described
m CMS Data Shows That Elderly Health Spending Slowed Between 2002-2010
t Activision pumping $500m into Bungie's Destiny
e Kim Kardashian Posts New Pic of North West and Anna Wintour
m Study: Teens drinking less, texting more
e Ariana Grande Storms UK iTunes Chart For The First Time
t Snowden Calls Spying 'Vital' In Testimony To European Parliament
m 2 more deaths from MERS virus reported
e Did Tony Soprano die in The Sopranos series finale? Creator David Chase  ...
e Bachelorette Season 10 Finale Recap: Did Andi Dorfman Get Engaged to Josh  ...
m West Africa scrambles to contain Ebola threat
e Israel fails to reach finals of Eurovision song contest
b Coldwater Creek to close all stores, including 3 in Tri-State
t Chuck E. Cheese's Tests Oculus Rift Virtual Ticket-Grabbing Experience
e After Solid Reviews, "22 Jump Street" Tops Weekend Box Office
e Best Beers and Booze for Cinco de Mayo
e Rock legend brings his Alamo collection to San Antonio
e 'Danger' zone: Potato salad fundraiser hits $40K - CBS 3 Springfield - WSHM
e Kristen Stewart and Robert Pattinson Dating Secrets: 'Twilight' RPatz Hook-Up  ...
b Inflation rises to 1.8%
b FTC critical of data brokers, wants Congress to rein them in
b Nearly all top US banks pass annual stress tests
b Monday USDA reports - wild card or trump card?
e WWE's Bautista, Glenn Close, Bradley Cooper, Vin Diesel, Chris Pratt in Marvel's  ...
b Policy Matters looks at shale drilling impacts in four counties
t UK data protection authority to speak to Facebook about psychological study on  ...
e 'Goonies' Sequel is Happening! -- Director Richard Donner's Bringing Everyone  ...
m Second Confirmed US MERS Case
b Stock markets chalk up further losses, U.S. banker JPMorgan misses forecasts
b LETTER: Obamacare delay a ploy
b One anecdote that shows how ousted CEO Dov Charney horribly mismanaged  ...
e Jay Z stages mock proposal to Beyoncé
e 'Mad Men' premiere draws 2.3 mln, lowest season debut since 2008
b Libya declares oil crisis over after state reclaims ports
e Chris Brown Suprises With “Loyal” Performance At BET Awards, Debuts New  ...
b GE says talks with France on Alstom productive, to boost jobs
b Gold Ends Higher On Iraq Violence
t Emperor Penguins are in Danger due to Climate Changes by Global Warming
b Mid-South Briefs: Sebelius pushes health exchange in Tennessee
b Michaels second act on Wall Street
t Montana T-Rex en route to DC
e Wahlberg talks the talk in 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' clip
m UPDATE 1-FDA warns of serious allergic reactions with acne products
b Equities end flat in low volatility
t OpenStack gets boost from HP
t $2b at stake for Apple-Samsung patent war
m Lab-Grown Vaginas Implanted Successfully In Four Teenage Girls
e Coachella Day 3: Leave it to Bieber!
t Google chimes in with Songza purchase
m Painkiller prescription rates vary widely among states
t Sea Level to Rise as Ice Loss from Antarctica Increases
b China Shares End Higher; Urbanization Plan Fuels Market
t Google 'Forgets' BBC, Guardian Stories in EU Search Results
e Selena's folks not happy about her Bieber reconciliation
e Mchale's Navy Actor Hastings Dies At 89
e Producer of Alternative 'Noah' Movie Reviews Russell Crowe's 'Noah'
e Today in Photos (June 26)
b Looking for a bump in pay? Special skills are in demand as retail, food lag
e 'Divergent' debuts with $56M
e Lupita Nyong'o Named PEOPLE Magazine's 'Most Beautiful Woman'
m Ebola outbreak spurs emergency measures in West Africa
e The Breakdown: Lana Del Rey's 'Ultraviolence' influences, by the numbers
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's Wedding Guests to Get Private Tour at the  ...
t Google Struggles with EU Link Removal Requests
t How Google rescued us from a life of Hotmail
b Obama to exert power over feds: Executive orders to target wage gag rules  ...
e Gay pride parades in US attract crowds, more sponsors
m Health officials warn of new mosquito-borne virus
e The Voice 2014 Season 6 Battles Round 2, Part 2 ( VIDEO)
t What viewers learned from debut of Neil deGrasse Tyson's new 'Cosmos'
t Capturing Polarized Light from Billions of Years Ago
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West honeymoon in Ireland at luxurious country manor
b Amazon steps up spat with Hachette over e-book price
m Colleyville Finds Mosquito With West Nile
b Eurozone must rethink euro's strength, ECB's role: Tajani
e Taylor Swift Outlines 'The Only Real Risk' To Pop Music
b Extended Period Of Time Expected To Fix UCLA Water Main Break
e Justin Bieber Dedicates Song to 'My Baby' Selena Gomez (Video)
e Advance Review: Girl Meets World (Tonight On The Disney Channel)
b Japanese ownership ruffles feathers
b B&Q owner Kingfisher upbeat despite 'challenging year'
t Spidey leads everyday heroes in Earth Hour campaign
t China denies it was behind hacking of Canadian technology development group  ...
m Suspected cases of MERS investigated in Virginia
b Ikea raises hourly pay for retail workers
m School Bans 3rd Grader for Shaving Head to Support Friend Undergoing Chemo
b Home sales fall to lowest level since mid-2012
t Mars 2020 rover will carry weather instruments to research future manned  ...
b American Apparel Control War Escalates as Charney Adds to Stake
t Here are highlights from Monday's Analyst Blog:
t Renesas in talks with Apple, others on sale of display chip unit
b Russian share index down 3pc
t Facebook Allegedly Banned This Mom For Child Porn: Good Call Or Ridiculous?
e Stranded Airline Passenger at Las Vegas Airport Lip Syncs 'All By Myself' In  ...
b GM Still Hasn't Tested Whether A Knee Bump Can Turn Off Engine
e Chillin' out: 'Svi' excused from Challenge
b China urges against US comments on Hong Kong affairs
b Colorado collects $2 million in recreational marijuana taxes
e Nick And Vanessa Lachey Expecting A Baby Girl, Announces It On Third  ...
t White House sees climate change effects in California, Texas, Florida
e Rep. Lewis gets his 'Happy' groove on
e No twerking required: College to offer Miley Cyrus class
t Want to keep pesky insects from biting? Wear stripes
b Cracks in dark pool defense with Schneiderman Barclays suit
e 5 Ridiculous Petitions Against Celebrities Other Than Blue Ivy's Hair Petition
t Microsoft brings Windows Phone's Cortana virtual assistant to China, UK, & other  ...
t Apple Television Is a Magical Unicorn
t New Samsung Galaxy Tab S has a beautiful, bright, crisp screen
b Flavor Flav's New York speeding case is postponed
e Frankie Knuckles & The Influence Of House Music
t Apple reaches settlement in...
e Kim Kardashian, Beyoncé Friends? 'Drunk in Love' Singer Agrees to be  ...
e 'Heaven is for Real' Earns a Solid 4 Out of 5 Stars from Faith Driven Consumer
m 'Treasure trove' of Medicare reimbursement data released, including payments  ...
b ECB rate cut not expected until June
b Facebook Moots Sales Office In China: Reports
t Foxconn recruiting 100000 more people to build iPhone 6
e Lori Loughlin Misses Dave Coulier's Wedding, Impromptu 'Full House' Reunion
e A NEW BEGINNING
b Full Story
m EU Pledges Additional Support For Combating Ebola Outbreak In W. Africa
b Janet Yellen: Slack US labor market still needs Fed support
b Volkswagen interested in buying Fiat: German magazine
m Why West African governments are struggling in response to Ebola
e Kristen Stewart Keeps Her New Short Haircut Covered with a Hat!
m Senate plans hearing on Phx VA allegations
e 'Guardians Of The Galaxy' End Credits Sequence Leaked Online
t Smartphone 'kill switch' bill advances
e US Airways employee who tweeted lewd photo won't be fired
e Twitter Music Shutting Down April 18
m Guinea races to contain Ebola
b Vodafone buys Ono for 7.2bn euro
m Autism rate increases by 30 percent, CDC reports
t Ignition-switch defect hits Chrysler; Jeeps investigated in Canada and the US
t Facebook introduces new way to flirt with relationship ask button
t Why Twitter (TWTR) Stock Is Up Today
t Facebook Doesn't Think Manipulating Users' Emotions Is A Big Deal
t Twitter continues to grow, posts better-than-expected revenues
e Brace Yourselves for a Michael Jackson Hologram, Everyone
b Recap of Citi earnings call as CEO focuses on fixing Fed relations
e Erykah Badu PIX11 Video Hilarious! Watch Singer Try To Kiss Reporter Mario  ...
e Amazon Prime to Stream HBO Content
t Indian Govt Makes 4401 User Account Requests To Google, 66% Complied  ...
e Solange Knowles Defending Beyonce: Why She Attacked Jay Z In Elevator
b Experts predict warm weather will rejuvenate economy
t eBay requests its users to change their passwords immediately after Cyber attack
e Brangelina Working Together On New Movie Project
e Crowe: 'Noah' criticism irrational
b Ronald McDonald Gets New Look For Social Media
m Spinal stimulation causes movement for paralysed men
t April Fools' Day 2014: Don't fall for this fake business news
b Amazon Acquires Apple iPad's Top-grossing App Performer – (AMZN)
e Bill Murray crashes bachelor party, gives speech
e Angela Bassett is directing a Whitney Houston biopic
t Defusing climate hysteria
b RBI: Banks must not punish non-maintenance of minimum balance
t Apple's 'heart rate monitoring headphones leaked on Secret'
t Fox Falsely Claims Obama Wants To Give Up Control Of The Internet To The UN
m CONSUMER ALERT: PetSmart to stop selling pet treats made in China
t Gas prices average $3.72 in West Michigan, though spike projected into  ...
e Kirstie Alley Returns to Jenny Craig to Lose 30 Pounds
e Inside Taylor Swift's 4th of July Weekend with Jaime King, Lena Dunham & More  ...
e VIDEO: COLBERT Takes On 'Dark Forces' of #CancelColbert on Last Night's Show
e Cardboard cathedral designer wins top prize
e RIP Casey Kasem
e Miranda Kerr Opens Up About Her Sexuality
b Ad fraud is stealing billions from the US media industry
e 'Mad Men' Season 7: Don Draper Changes Time Zones As Relationships With  ...
b Halliburton Co. (HAL) Has Climbed To A New High On Q1 Results
t Cook jabs at Windows, Android in WWDC keynote
b Australian prime minister confident sounds detected by pinger are from missing  ...
e Writer-director Mazursky dies; nominated for 5 Oscars
b Japan final June manufacturing PMI at 51.5 vs flash 51.1
b IMF chief Lagarde: Formal investigation 'is without basis'
e Kendall Jones teen big game hunter: Online carnage photos ticking off activists
e Meet Harry Potter, the 30-something
b Urban Outfitters' (URBN) CEO Richard Hayne On Q1 2015 Results - Earnings  ...
b A second stormwater overflow discovered at Freedom Industries spill site
b Today's Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, Nasdaq, S&P 500 stock market  ...
t Hands-on: HTC One M8 in all its glory [VIDEO]
t Titanfall released to excellent reviews, but plagued by low 792p resolution and  ...
b Indexes End Lower As Russia Sanctions Hit Stocks
m West Nile virus confirmed in Oak Lawn
b Images show possible debris
e HGTV Cancels Show Over Hosts' Reported Anti-Gay Views
e Bill Murray crashed a bachelor party, dispensed love advice (Video)
e Film Review: 'A Million Ways To Die In The West' Gives A Million Laughs
t Google's GAL Makes Glowing I/O Debut
e Anne Hathaway & Kristen Stewart are Delights in Drag for Jenny Lewis' "Just  ...
e Jackman has another skin cancer removed
m Stop meddling With Medicare
t GoPro Fetch Mounts an Action Camera to Your Dog
b Italy June manufacturing growth eases for second month: PMI
e The Rihanna outfit everyone is talking about and more CFDA best dressed
m Study: Teens are drinking and smoking less, texting more
b Why AstraZeneca shareholders should demand £100 a share
t 'Supermoon' coming tonight
e 'Game of Thrones' Season 4: Five Things We've Learned
b Mortgage Rates Rise as Spring Buying Season Blooms
t Commentary: Dysfunctional government — end of democracy?
t Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro 8.4 vs Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 – Comparison of  ...
t Fossil to Make Android Watches
m No link between HPV vaccine and blood clots: study
b China data hits European shares, Crimea keeps nerves taut
b Dish, DirecTV shares rise on reported merger talk
t Apple iOS 8 Best Features
e 'I was raped at 12,' says Pamela
b ADP Says Companies in US Add Most Workers Since 2012
b AAA estimates 36 million will travel this Memorial Day.
e 'Mr. Peabody And Sherman' tops North American box office
m One man's medical journey through the West Nile virus
e New Trailer and 'The Space Gatsby' Posters for The Wachowskis' Jupiter  ...
m Ask the Experts
b Barclays to slash around 14000 jobs this year as it reduces size of investment  ...
e Queen to release record with unheard Freddie Mercury vocals
e 'I Missed Quite The Interesting Day': Chris Colfer Finally Addresses Twitter  ...
m Four Paraplegic Men Voluntarily Move Their Legs, an "Unprecedented  ...
e Rolf Harris guilty
e The Funniest Tweets From the ESPY Awards.
e The new Star Wars cast is a mix of old faces and new
b Thai economy contracts 2.1 percent in 1Q versus 4Q as political crisis hits  ...
e 'My Big Fat Greek Wedding' Sequel Movie Online: Main Characters From First  ...
m CDC: No evidence of MERS in close contacts of US cases
e 'Viva San Fermin!': Thousands of revellers kick off iconic Spanish bull running  ...
e Friends Were Deeply Concerned About L'Wren Scott the Night Before Suicide
m County in top 5 for health
t Stock Update (NYSE:GM): Senate panel sets April 2 hearing on GM auto recalls
e Leaked 'Guardians Of The Galaxy' Post-Credits Scene Reveals A Very  ...
e Lena Dunham May Quit Acting After Girls Ends
b American, US Airways stops listing its fares on Orbitz websites
t The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Microsoft, Intel, Apple, Netflix and Amazon.com
e Mickey Rooney dies: Why we won't see a performer like him again
t Driverless Cars To Join British Roads Next Year
e Barack and Michelle Obama Remember Frankie Knuckles
m Bucks lawmakers introduce bills to combat eating disorders
e EXCLUSIVE: L'Wren Scott's longtime maid opens up on death of fashion  ...
e Best the ESPYs Ever Had: Drake's Finest Moments as Entertainer
t Apple launches cheaper iPhone 5c in the UK
e Kendall Jones: The Texas Cheerleader Who Kills Rare African Beasts For Fun
e 'Game of Thrones' season 4: George R.R. Martin on Cercei - Jaime Lannister  ...
b American Apparel (APP) Founder, Former Chairman Charney Increases Stake to  ...
e Cast and crew poster for Captain America: The Winter Soldier, plus another TV  ...
b Apple's new retail chief Angela Ahrendts receives 113K restricted stock units  ...
e Airline flies man to Grenada instead of Granada
b Water-Main Break Floods UCLA With a Muddy Mess
e Game of Thrones season four: Why we loved to hate Tywin Lannister
b The retailer began offering the feature that's called "Savings Catcher" on…
t Twitter's 'first tweet' tool is a painful reminder that none of us initially got this  ...
b Chinese Satellite Images of Malaysia Airlines Debris a False Lead
b Ship with Syria Chemical Weapons Calls at Italy Port
b Global stocks lifted by China trade, Yellen stance - Business, Government Legal  ...
b UK Unemployment Stays at 7.2% Reinforcing BOE Guidance
t Apple goes after Samsung, guns blazing
b India authority orders Coke plant closed: official
e Pregnant Mila Kunis attempts to cover her alleged baby bump in a baggy blue  ...
b Average gas price in Ohio holds relatively steady; Youngstown-Warren area logs  ...
e Kim Kardashian Takes Instagram Selfie In 16-Year-Old Sister Kylie Jenner's  ...
e Seth Rogen, James Franco poke fun at Kim Kardashian Vogue cover
b Morgan Stanley's stellar investment banking results take the focus off its trading  ...
t Report – Mercedes to make an India-friendly traditional A-Class sedan at  ...
e Arnold Schwarzenegger promises a twist in Terminator's story
m 'Bionic pancreas' improves blood sugar control for people with Type 1 diabetes
t This Cup Can ID Your Beverage and Count Your Calories
m Man who survived bubonic plague in New York dies of cancer
e Whitney Houston Lifetime Movie to Be Directed by Angela Bassett
b Fast-food wage protesters demonstrate outside McDonald's headquarters
b IRS Budget Cuts Mean Your Chances of Getting Audited Are Less
b China, Russia's Gazprom sign gas supply agreement
e Rick Fox and Longtime Girlfriend Eliza Dushku Split After Five Years
b Candy Crush maker King Digital raises $500M in IPO
m Health Insurance Expansion Saves Hundreds of Lives per Year in Massachusetts
b Michaels security breach lasted 8 months, affected millions
b 'Candy Crush' Maker King Seeks IPO Valuation Up to $7.6 Billion
e Seinfeld's Newman isn't dead - Twitter got it wrong
t NVIDIA launches $3000 GeForce GTX Titan Z graphics card
e DWTS' Amy Purdy: Having Prosthetic Legs Has Its Advantages
e Nazi-era artworks donated to Swiss museum
b FOREX-Dollar declines ahead of Friday's US jobs report
t The Apple iPhone 5s Remains No. 1 In The US For Now
e Duck Dynasty's Phil Robertson Makes More Anti-Gay Comments
t Gas prices drop more than 5¢ in the past week
e Exclusive Interview: Eric Bana on Deliver Us From Evil
e Jill Abramson speech lauded for wit, resonance
e Sales soar for Garcia Marquez book a day after Nobel laureate dies at age 87
t Review: Samsung Galaxy S4 Active: Price & Specifications
e Things Just Got Steamy Between Jason & Eric on True Blood
e 'Captain America' tops box office, tops 'Rio 2'
t Google Search app for Android gets voice command for playing music
m UN Seeks to Eliminate Tuberculosis in Low-Burden Countries
t Congress set to grill GM, NHTSB on why recall took 10 years
b Wheat rises on bargain buying, soy up on tight old-crop supply
t 'Nissan, BMW in talks with Tesla'
b World protests Monsanto grip on food supply chain
e President Snow has a Chilling Message From the Capitol
t Apple iOS 8 Launching this Fall for iPhone, iPad
b SunTrust settlement reveals mortgage problems persist
e US blues legend Johnny Winter dies at 70
t General Motors Recalling More Than 300000 Vans Over Airbag Concerns
t Dwarf pink planet found lurking on fringes of our solar system
b eBay, Icahn settle contentious board feud
m Obama names Burwell as U.S. health secretary to fix Obamacare woes
e Miranda Lambert: CMT Interview (Part One of Two)
t Amazon raises eyebrows with surprise Fire smartphone ad [VIDEO]
e Kanye, Kim won't wed in Italy party
e Miley Cyrus hospitalized due to `severe` allergic reaction
t GM recalls 1.5m more defective autos including Chevrolets, Pontiacs
b Interim CEO says Target Needs to Get Faster, Experiment More
e Free IT Boot Camp Offered This Summer
e Will Smith Investigated: Parents Of Willow Smith Being Investigated By Child  ...
t Google begins purging search results for Europe's 'right to be forgotten'
t HTC All New One vs Top 5 Android rivals
e 'Duck Dynasty' star at it again
t Apple's Time Has Come. Again!
e We Saw The First Ninja Turtles Footage -- And It Changes Their Origin
b IRS declares Bitcoin Property not Currency
b U.S. Postal Service had $1.9 billion quarterly loss
e Great Musical Numbers Can't Save 'Rio 2' from Dragging
e Jennifer Lopez Smolders in Red on 'A.K.A' Album Cover [PHOTO]
e New Spongebob Squarepants Trailer Arrives
e Our Favorite 'True Detective' Fan Reactions to the HBO Go Crash
e Mariah Carey Divorce: Mariah Flees New York City, Where Are 'Dem Babies'?
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Hold The ULTIMATE Pre-Wedding Dinner
e 'Dancing with the Stars' recap, all-Disney, all-the-time
t Apple vs Samsung 2014 kicks off today, Apple wants Google to sit this one out  ...
t Portland commissioners to decide on Google Fiber
t Turn Up the Color with the Samsung Galaxy Tab S
e 'Rosemary's Baby' reborn on NBC
b States embracing Obamacare are doing a better job of covering the uninsured  ...
b Chinese companies will profit from the transaction
e Justin Bieber's visit to Japan's controversial Yasukuni Shrine reignites anger in  ...
b ADP: April adds 220000 jobs
e Red Carpet arrivals at the BET Awards
e 'Homeland' actor James Rebhorn dies at 65 at NJ home
b How Morgan Stanley more than doubled its profit since last year
e At the Box Office: Arnold Schwarzenegger Stars in New Film "Sabotage"
b Candy Crush empire worth up to $7.6bn: creator hopes
e 'Marilyn Monroe' Video: Pharrell Keeps Dancing
b Op-Ed: David Harvey on Piketty's 'Capital in the 21st Century'
e The Most Outrageous Red Carpet Moments in MTV Movie Award History
e New 'Mockingjay' teaser: Hear District 13
t Astronomers spot first possible 'exomoon'
e 'I'm A Normal Guy': Brad Pitt Attacker Defends Actions Claiming It Was Just A Prank
b IMF cuts Russia's 2014 GDP forecast over Crimea
b La Boulange to give burgers a try
b Missing Plane MH370: Aircraft did not Crash in Ocean Area where Pings were  ...
b FAA Report IDs 'Issues' with Boeing 787, Declares It Safe
e Jared Pobre, Stacy Kiebler Married: Former WWE Star's 'Happiness Is  ...
m Viral: 2-year-old takes first steps with prosthetics
t Ford reach new heights with the 50th anniversary of the Mustang
b Posted by Imaduddin
m New research examines brain effects of the psychedelic chemical in magic  ...
t Hackers get personal in new Sony attack
e Updated: Chris Colfer's Manager and Fox Deny Actor Fired from "Glee"
t A Christian astronomer talks about Blood Moons
b PRECIOUS-Gold edges up after Fed statement
e Venom or Sinister Six coming in 2018, not The Amazing Spider-man 4
b ConAgra Cuts 4Q Outlook Amid Private Label Struggles
e Don't rain on my bucket
t NSA Exploits Internet, IRS Retains XP, Google Glass Haters, iPad Concept [Tech  ...
t LG G3: LG's new flagship shines with it's 5.5-inch Quad HD display
e Meet the new characters of Rio 2
m Sanofi and Lilly to pursue non-Rx Cialis
b Chinese relatives demand Malaysia apologize over handling of search
e Victoria Beckham becomes an unlikely Vogue gardener while David strips off  ...
m Health Rankings Show Vanderburgh County Near the Bottom, Surrounding  ...
b Twitter Banned by Turkish Government
b Oil Prices Jump on Iraq Anxiety, World Stocks Fall
t HTC Flips Switch on One M8 Buzz Machine
t Tumblr's mobile apps get full customization options
m Mental Illness as Deadly as Heavy Smoking, Oxford Study
t Will Internet be "Pay to Play?"
m I'd happily sit next to ebola sufferer on the Tube, says man who found virus
e HBO Hands Out Renewals For Veep, Silicon Valley
e Rock Hall plants a wet one on Kiss - finally
t Mercedes and Infiniti Confirm Joint Production of Compact Cars in Mexico
m Woman 'too fit' for Planet Fitness
m When friends feel like family, it may be in the genes
t Microsoft Cuts 18000 Jobs, Xbox Entertainment Studios
b Stocks drift higher in quiet trading; S&P 500 holds on to the 2000-point level  ...
t Galaxy S5 aids the disabled
b Report shows 281000 jobs added in June
m MERS cases in decline, vigilance urged for Haj: WHO
e Robert Pattinson On Playing Edward Cullen
e American Idol RECAP– The Crew is “With the Band” Tonight
e Kim Kardashian Jets Back To LA After Making Final Wedding Arrangements In  ...
b FOREX-New Zealand dollar pops in otherwise colourless market
b Twitter jitters: Investors turn into quitters as shares hit the sh...
b GoPro IPO: Action-Camera Maker Plans to Raise up to $100M
t Facebook for Windows Phone 8.1 nabs small update
b CBO raises federal deficit estimate to $506 billion
t New iPhone 6 renders uploaded after leaked phone schematics surface
b Emirates cancels $16B A350 order in blow to Airbus, Rolls
m Cuba: 6 cases of mosquito-borne chikungunya virus in travelers to Haiti  ...
t Xbox One Twitch broadcasting update hits tonight
b EUR/USD Stable As German Business Climate Slips
e Game of Thrones recap: Another wedding shocker in “The Lion and the Rose”
m Your health: Flu spray better than shots for young kids
b Australia: Shares slip as banks trade ex-dividend, investors await ECB
t Google aims to put Android in everything you do
t Android wear smartwatches
e FOX Brings the Hammer Down, Cancels Dads, Surviving Jack and Enlisted
e Mickey Rooney was a movie star with impressive TV credits
m FDA seeks pet owner help on dangerous jerky treats
t Climate change report urges more action
b GM Recalls 824K More Cars for Ignition Switches
b Herbalife (HLF) Tops Q1 EPS Views; Terminates Dividend, Will Do Buybacks  ...
e Solange Knowles: 'My Family And I Are All Good' Following Jay Z Attack
e In pictures: The stars arrive for the 2014 Bafta awards
t Google Glass Going to Work
e Yorktown Ben & Jerry's offers free ice cream
t Green light given to driverless cars for Road testing in Britain
m Justina Pelletier should stay in Massachusetts
t Toyota Reveals New Fuel Cell Sedan's Exterior and Price
e Nia Vardalos confirms 'bigger, fatter' Greek Wedding sequel to hit big screen
e Tracy Morgan Now in 'Fair' Condition: Publicist
e Rita Ora Needed Script Fed Through An Earpiece While Filming Fifty Shades Of  ...
m CAB issues MERS-Cov advisory for flights from Arabian peninsula
m Number of Lyme disease cases could rise in region
b Markets Are Heading Down Again
t Forget Moto 360, Galaxy Gear & LG G Watch, The Cheapest Is ASUS
e 'Avengers' star Chris Hemsworth and wife Elsa Pataky welcome twin boys
e Why The Latest Shocking 'True Blood' Death Was All Sookie's Fault
e Report: Art treasures in Gurlitt's Austrian house
t Walking bichir fish may reveal how vertebrates moved onto land
e FMF Pulls Event from Beverly Hills Hotel to Protest Sultan of Brunei Imposing  ...
e Michael Strahan Close To Finalizing Deal With ABC News To Co-Host 'Good  ...
m 1 in 10 deaths among US adults tied to alcohol
b Barclays fined for handling of gold prices
b Departure of Target CEO puts Canadian retreat on table
e Report: Joe Manganiello and Sofia Vergara Are Dating
t Ford Recalls Nearly 700000 Vehicles Over Airbag Problem
t An Earth-Sized Planet in the Habitable Zone of a Cool Star
e World's Largest Rainbow Flag Illuminates Tel Aviv Pride Week
b Sneak peek: Inside Austin's largest hotel
e 'Heaven Is for Real' heartfelt but dull (review)
t China probe targets Microsoft
b US Fed rejects Citigroup's capital plan in stress test
t Cavemen didn't just eat meat – they ate vegetables as well
b July 4 gas prices highest in six years
e 9 things you need to know about the MTV VMAs
t NASA spacecraft discovers changes on the Red Planet
m 1st U.S. MERS Patient May Be Released From Hospital Soon
t Google Glass was snatched right off my face, reporter says
b Carney Sends Pound to Euro (GBP/EUR) Exchange Rate Plumming; Sterling to  ...
b Higher Mortgage Interest Rates at Capital One Financial on July 4, 2014
e First trailer for The Equalizer released online
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Alpha/Prime/Galaxy F Gets New Details as Galaxy Note 4  ...
t Scientists find less plastic in oceans than they expected
e Record Store Day: 13 memorable releases from years past
t Apple now offers free recycling of its products worldwide
m Louisiana ranks 49th in senior health care after new survey
b NJ unemployment rate falls to 7.1 percent
b Box Files $250 Million IPO, But Aaron Levie Only Gets 4%
b GameStop Reports Sales and Earnings for Fiscal 2013 and Provides 2014 Outlook
t Silicon Valley firms agree to settle hiring suit
t It's Rumoured That the Galaxy Note 4 Will Come With Three Flexible Screens
t Skylanders Trap Team launch breathes new fire into toys-to-life games
e Complex puts CG on display
t Net Neutrality Lessons from Latin America
m MannKind's Afrezza Approved but Will Doctors Prescribe It?
e 'Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them' Trilogy To Hit Big Screen
t 15 blunders of Leonardo DiCaprio, Kate Winslet's Titanic
e Sir Paul McCartney's wife Nancy Shevell spends four nights in hospital by his  ...
b US manufacturing keeps forward momentum in March: Reports
e 'True Detective' season two to feature three new leads, California setting
b JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Is Sinking Following Q1 Miss
b Stocks rise on tech sector excitement
m West Nile positive mosquitoes found in Sweet
e If You Wanna Be Happy, See Rio 2!
e Jack White records, presses and releases new song on Record Store Day
b China rejects latest indicator it may soon be world's No. 1 economy
t It's Finally Time to Give Up Internet Explorer for Good
t Officers focus on BUI during Operation Dry Water
b Malaysian PM 'shocked' by report Malaysian plane has gone down
m Car crash risk higher for pregnant women
e Captain America sequel sets US box office record
m Freedom for Diabetics as Bionic Pancreas Passes Testing
m 'Godfather of ecstasy' Alexander Shulgin dies aged 88 after lifetime of  ...
m Louisville, City in Kentucky, is 'Allergy Capital' of US
b Virgin says it will fly from Dallas Love Field
t 2015 Ford Mustang to be Shown Atop Empire State Building
b Crisis in Middle East and interest rates push pound over $1.70 mark
b Tax-fraud phone scam hits thousands: IRS watchdog
m 4 things to know about tanning
e Scandal Spoilers: Season 3 Episode 15 Mama Said Knock You Out Airs On  ...
e Final 'Maleficent' trailer released with a bit of nostalgia
b Google Overtakes Apple to Become World's Most Valuable Brand [Chart]
b German economic confidence falls more than forecast
b Dow Analyst Moves: GE
t OnePlus One is Launched
e 2014 Billboard Music Awards: Michael Jackson "reborn" as a hologram - VIDEO
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S boasts stunning display
e Nick Cannon Stirs Up Controversy by Dressing Up in Whiteface
m Yawning can actually cool your brain!
b Most people pay Affordable Care Act premiums
e Severe 'allergic reaction' lands Miley Cyrus in Kansas hospital
t Oculus Rift Sales Suspended in China Due to “Extreme Reseller Purchases”
t Switch to Sprint for the Samsung Galaxy S5, Get up to $650 Back
t Samsung smartwatch upgrades hit Canada next month
t Apple's MacBook Air on Sale for $899
e Donald Levine, father of GI Joe action figure, dead at 86
m Pricey drugs are a big part of big Medicare payouts to doctors
b Target Canada's supply chain gridlock: how Barbie SUVs snarled traffic
b Barclays facing NY fraud chages
e What we know about 'Mad Men' season 7
t Dragon Cargo Craft Launch Scrubbed; Station Crew Preps for Spacewalk
b Treasury Rates Remain Shockingly Low
t Apple in talks with Comcast to allow 'special treatment' for streaming-TV
e Miranda Kerr on Her Sexuality: 'I Appreciate Both Men and Women'
m 23/06/2014Schumacher 'medical' documents stolen: management
t General Motor prepares to recall some Cruze sedans with Takata air bags
b MH370's Flight Path Was Altered By Computer Command, Not Manual Controls
e Lea Michele Confirms Twitter Hacker Made Fake Pregnancy Announcement
b The perils of negative rates
b Malaysian plane search information still inconclusive
e Frances Bean Cobain Tells Lana Del Rey Not to Romanticize Dying Young
b Wall Street falls as geopolitics loom
e AC/DC not retiring no matter who gets sick or dies / Scrape TV - The World on  ...
t Blackberry to patch BBM app on Android, iOS to thwart Heartbleed attacks
t Japan Whale Hunt to Kick Off in Pacific Despite Recent Court Ruling
e Harrison Ford returns to a galaxy far far away (VIDEO)
e 'Game of Thrones': The Purple Wedding Welcomes Its Guests (SPOILERS)
m Fighting food poisoning: Experts decode DNA of bacteria, viruses
b Treasury Bonds Pull Back After Lackluster 10-Year Sale
b Intuit dishes $360 million to acquire mobile bill pay firm Check
t Driverless cars to hit UK public roads in 2015
m Endocyte Stock Soars: Doubling in One Day
e Not-So-Traditional Good Friday Service Held At State Capitol
e Robert Pattinson 'flirts with close pal Katy Perry' before confessing that he finds  ...
e Lions Gate teams up with Alibaba to crack China's entertainment market
e First Superman issue sells for $3.5 million on eBay
b P&G to slim down product lineup
e Kim Kardashian confronts man in blackface
m Even in drought, still worries over West Nile virus
e Jimmy Fallon and Billy Joel create doo-wop music using an iPad
e Firemen's Association reminds St. Lawrence County residents that fireworks are  ...
e Ft. Worth FD demonstrates dangers of illegal fireworks
b France's largest bank to pay USD 8.97 bln in penalties
t Apple set to buy Dr. Dre's Beats Electronics...and you won't believe for how much
e 'Moms' Night Out,' movie review
e Best 2014 Met Ball Couples: Kim Kardashian & Kanye West & More
b Average 30-year mortgage rate falls to 4.27 percent
m U of A doctor moving forward on study to see if marijuana can treat PTSD
e 'The Bachelorette': Watch the guys' deleted introduction videos
e Paul Walker's Brothers to Help Fill in 'Small Gaps' in 'Fast & Furious 7′ Production
t New dino nicknamed 'Pinocchio rex'
e Exclusive Interview, RZA 'Brick Mansions'
e Three ministers explain what Easter means now
m Millions of Britons face hayfever hell...and it's going to get worse
b Calgary Region Building Permits Increase Radically
b Status quo seen in Indian central bank's first bi-monthly review
e Selena Gomez And Orlando Bloom Spotted Dating Now?
e Bachelorette 2014 Spoiler: Does Andi Dorfman Have Sex in the Fantasy Suites?
e Thankfully, The Sun Does Not Revolve Around The Earth Even If Captain  ...
t Google counters Apple's Beats buy with acquisition of music streaming service  ...
e GAME OF THRONES: ZACH'S RECAP FOR MAY 11, 2014
e Paul McCartney cancels Tokyo concert at last minute, but adds makeup show
t T-Mobile's "Un-Carrier" Movement Continues with iPhone Loaners and Music  ...
e Guardians of the Galaxy: Your New Han Solo Is a Talking Raccoon
e Inside Taylor Swift's A-List 4th of July
e Henry Cavill making jaws drop with new Batman V Superman poster
b Microsoft delivers Office for rival iPad
e Keith Richards will write and publish a children's picture book
t Pa. Teen says Typeface Change Could Save the Federal Government Millions
b China security worries hit IBM
b Five surprises that could derail higher interest rates
t 2015 Nissan Versa Sedan to Debut at New York Auto Show
t Tesla CEO offers up its patents
e REVIEW: "A HARD DAY'S NIGHT"- RESTORED 50TH ANNIVERSARY  ...
t How to see your first tweet
e Kevin Costner is in his element in the football laugh-fest Draft Day
t Drill baby drill: Obama opens east coast to oil exploration
e Bill Murray crashes bachelor party, gives advice
e Beyoncé congratulates Kim Kardashian, Kanye West on wedding
b BRIEF: South Carolina's hottest, coldest jobs
m Health Canada recalls child's doll
b McDonald's first opened in Moscow in 1990
e Justin Bieber Hints 'Threesome' With Chantel Jeffries And Another Girl, In Jest?
t 3-million-year old green landscape found beneath ice sheet
t Samsung Galaxy S3 vs Motorola Moto G – Price and Specs Comparison
e Mila Kunis warns soon-to-be-dads: Stop saying 'we're pregnant'
b Trulia Soars on Acquisition: Tech Winners & Losers
t Samsung Galaxy S5 fingerprint scanner already hacked
t Pink world lurks at solar system's fringes
e Sound Off: Lord & Miller's Sequel '22 Jump Street' - Your Thoughts?
e VIDEO: Beyonce's sister allegedly attacks Jay-Z in elevator
e Gwen Stefani Confirms She'll Join NBC's The Voice
e San Diego Comic-Con: Cosplay Sexual Harassment Takes Center Stage At  ...
e Will Smith and Jada Smith's 13-Year-Old Daughter Willow Smith in Racy  ...
m One Run for Boston hits NM
b UK Inflation Falls To Four-Year Low As Pay Packet Squeeze Eases
b AP News in Brief at 5:58 a.m. EDT
t Activision's $500 Million Bet On 'Destiny' Is Far From A Sure Thing
b Web storage provider Box unwraps IPO
e Ice Cube Says He Was "Robbed" After Losing To Paul Walker "Sympathy" Vote  ...
t Netflix signs deal with Verizon to boost speeds for subscribers
e Harrison Ford Hospitalised After Injury On Star Wars Set
b Uncle Sam Gives & Takes Away: Personal Income Tax Returns Due TODAY
e Holy Thursday to mark Easter start
t Netflix opposes Comcast-Time Warner Cable merger
e Guardians Of The Galaxy To Feature Motion-Capture Thanos, Tie Into Avengers 3
t Chrome on desktop gets Google Now notifications
t Skype to get 'real-time' translator by year end
e Karrueche Tran Parties In Los Angeles As 'Heartbroken' Chris Brown Heads  ...
t Climate Change affecting All Parts of Globe
e '60 Minute SEDER' aims to 'keep the entire family engaged' in Passover seder
m Ebola virus: What you need to know to protect yourself
b Successful test of Nato missile defence shield
b Greece Returns To Bond Markets After Four-Year Exile
b Walmart Needs to Buy J.C. Penney to Thrive
t Galaxy K Zoom unveiling: Samsung sends invites for April 29 event to 'Kapture  ...
e Val Chmerkovskiy to Be 'Careful' With Danica McKellar on 'Dancing With the Stars'
e A depressing betrayal of fans like my little girl: One Direction are a million miles  ...
t Google to sell Glass to the masses for a single day -- April 15
b Amgen Quarterly Profit Up; Reveals Up to 2900 Job Cuts
m Fatal birth defect is higher in 3 Washington counties
t Inside LG's G3: How vacuums, focus groups and competitive pressure shaped a  ...
e Zac Efron And Michelle Rodriguez Put On Major PDA - As Cara Delevingne  ...
e UPDATE 1-'Divergent' teen warriors defeat 'Muppets' at box office
t Is Apple Planning 12.9” iPads For 2015?
t Gas prices in central Indiana drop to $3 a gallon
e 'Transformers' turns into box office behemoth with $100 million openin
e Officials: Hip-hop reality TV star Benzino shot by nephew in funeral procession
m Jenny McCarthy 'Clarifies' Views on Link Between Vaccines, Autism
e Palm Sunday services scheduled
t Google Glass owners become target for physical and verbal attacks
e L.A. mayor uses obscenity in lauding team's Stanley Cup win
t Happy 25th Birthday to the World Wide Web
b Snapchat Said in Funding Talks With Alibaba at $10B
t Sony Launches PS4 Project Morpheus Virtual Reality Headset
e 'The Bachelorette' Contestant With Citrus Heights Roots Dies In Paragliding  ...
t Microsoft Surface Pro 3 And Surface Mini May Launch Next Week
e 'Guardians Of The Galaxy' Star Chris Pratt Recalls Trying Time After Wife Amy  ...
e Andi Dorfman 'Bachelorette' Spoilers: Star Sets The Record Straight About Her  ...
b Preston: authors 'feel betrayed' by Amazon dispute
t Facebook reportedly building new messaging app 'Slingshot'
t Carmel Valley teen wins top research award from Intel Foundation
b Internet ad revenue surpasses broadcast TV for the first time
t What happened to the much-rumored Surface Mini?
m Our View: Don't get in a huff over a puff of vapor
e Listen: is Led Zeppelin's Stairway to Heaven a 'rip-off'?
e 'True Blood' finally reaches an anticlimactic end
e Miley Cyrus Runs Out on Stage in Underwear — On Accident! (VIDEO)
e Could Bearded Drag Queen Win It All?
e Miley Cyrus Takes Her Homeless Date To Dinner After Letting Him Accept Her  ...
m Proof you don't need to be an expert to benefit from meditation
b Strong pound dents British American Tobacco's revenues
e Elisabeth Hasselbeck condemns Rosie O'Donnell's return to The View
t The OnePlus One Will Feature a Slightly Modified Version of CyanogenMod
e Victoria Beckham 'Wouldn't Be Where I Am' Without Husband David Beckham
b Watch out! The Fire phone knows what you're looking at [CARTOON]
e Rest In Peace: Legendary Actress & Activist Ruby Dee Dead At 91 (DETAILS)
b How Controversial Startup Klout Sold For Hundreds Of Millions Of Dollars
b 3D Systems gross margin slips, shares slide
b Vatican Bank profit dives after Pope Francis's reforms
e No Doubt's Gwen Stefani may be lending her voice to NBC's 'The Voice'
b IBM Announces 2014 Second Quarter Results
m Study sees drop in rates of most common major diabetes complications - heart  ...
b Federal official says door won't immediately shut on people unable to meet  ...
b Commodities: Gold rebounds after recent sell-off, oil gains
b WSJ: Finra probes trading tied to Credit Suisse (CS)
t Sony PlayStation game sites hacked, company says users' info safe
e UPDATE: Paul Walker, Roger Rodas Crash Reportedly Caused By Speed
t Now You Can Actually Use the Google Maps App Without Service
b Mass. death rate fell after health care overhaul
t An Update on That Infamous Facebook Experiment
b Hong Kong Stocks Swing Between Gain, Loss on China Data
m Medicare reimbursements to Delaware providers in 2012
e Brandy and Ryan Press End Engagement to Reevaluate Relationship
t iOS 7.1.1 is now ready to download
b S&P closes above 1900 for first time
b California export trade stays on a roll in May
t Gov. Brown expects unprecedented fire season
t Europeans warn Google on patents
t GM recalls 3.2million more US cars for ignition problems
t NASA tests LDSD Flying Saucer Mars Mission Vehicle successfully in Hawaii
t T-Mobile seeks larger subscriber base (TMUS)
t Chinese Manufacturers Gear Up To Rain On OnePlus' Parade
m Dangerous Skin Cancer Rates Soar, With Package Holidays And Sunbeds Blamed
e Crowe and Watson shared dance lessons
t Russian Rocket Launches International Crew to Space Station (Video, Photos)
t Heads up! Supermoon coming Saturday; 3 this summer
m U.N.: Blacks in U.S. bear disproportionate burden of HIV
b Did Mario sell in May and go away?
t T-Mobile: No more overage charges even on older voice and data plans
e 2014 MTV Movie Awards: Best Moments and Big Winners
b Exxon 2Q profits surges on asset sale, oil prices, but production slips | The  ...
t Salamanders shrink as mountain home heats up
b S.Africa treasury says will stick to fiscal path after Fitch outlook change
m Colon Cancer on a Steady Decline for the Past Decade
t Microsoft snooped on blogger's Hotmail to track who was leaking company secrets
e 17 Wedding Signs That Added Some LOL to the Big Day
t NASA video shows gigantic sun eruption
e Britney Spears sued by backup dancer: Singer broke my nose, suit says
b Candy Crush maker King Digital's shares dive as game matures
m Decline in Cocaine Use in Americans but Rise in Pot Smoking
e Diane Sawyer to Step Down as Anchor of ABC World News
e 'Arrow' Season 3 Preview - with Ra's al Ghul (Video)
m The Human Side of Ebola
t Space station faces docking complications
e Lupita Nyong'o Named People Magazine's Most Beautiful Woman Of 2014
t Exclusive: Nike fires majority of FuelBand team, will stop making wearable  ...
e SXSW: Lena Dunham Says TV Ratings Mean Nothing to Her
t Daimler and Nissan to invest $1.36 billion to build premium small cars
m Most comprehensive global study to date shows obesity rates climbing worldwid
e International Day of Happiness: 10 reasons to be extra joyful today
m New MS hope as crippled lab mice walk again
b Malaysia Airlines: Countries from Australia to Kazakhstan intensify search for jet
m Girl with shaved head allowed back to school
e Not So Fast: AC/DC Not Calling It Quits
t Netflix calls for stronger net neutrality, says ISPs are 'extracting a toll'
b Stocks shrug off mixed economic data
e Olivia Palermo's Wedding Look Included Shorts (and Carrie Bradshaw's  ...
t Xbox One broadcast streaming live via Twitch
t BMW X1 M : Brand won't rule out small performance SUV
t Climate change: IPCC eyes new bio-energy fix
e Rogen, Apatow slam critic who blamed them for Elliot Rodger rampage
b Target Ex-CEO Steinhafel's 2013 Pay Fell 37%
e Maleficent: Behold, Jolie the Great and Powerful
b Hollande struggles to save French interests amid rival bids for Alstom
b Priceline buying OpenTable for $2.6 billion
m Psoriatic arthritis pill Otezla wins over the FDA
t Nintendo's record of releasing Mario Kart games is pretty consistent
b Bad Weather Sinks US First-quarter Productivity
t Nike's Fuelband Hits the Wall
e Benedict Cumberbatch Replacing Guy Pearce In Whitey Bulger Movie Black Mass
e Katherine Heigl on romcoms: 'I couldn't say no'
m Ebola mystery as disease kills third top doctor
e Khloé Kardashian has 'learned a lot' since split
t Chrysler offers smaller cargo van to take on Nissan, Ford
b AARP Statement on 2014 Social Security Trustees Report
e US Airways makes lewd tweet to Portland traveler
t Microsoft Mobile may be rebranded Nokia phone by Microsoft after acquisition
t REFILE-Banks to be hit with Microsoft costs for running outdated ATMs
t Samsung New Handsets Lined Up: Galaxy S5 Tizen, Galaxy Mega 2 Reported  ...
b Analysis: Euro Falls against Dollar for Second Straight Week before Reversing  ...
t Nexus 10 2, Nexus 8 Release Date in Q3 2014, HTC to Build Android 4.5 or 5.0  ...
e Have Rob Kardashian And His Sisters Made Up?
e Neil Young's PonoPlayer media device launching soon for $399
b Pot vending machine- It's "high" tech (w/video)
e George RR Martin Shelved 'Game of Thrones' Cameo to Work on 'Winds of Winter'
b THE REGULARS: Why don't Republicans care about Americans without health  ...
e L'Wren Scott's Funeral Held
m ACIP Urges Nasal Spray Flu Vaccine
e Rihanna CFDA Awards: Singer Exposes Herself in Adam Selman Dress  ...
e Transformers and the Age of Summer Blockbusters With Chinese Characteristics
e Rare stamp sets record at NYC auction
e Swan song for dead parrot? Pythons say reunion this week will be their last
e Nick Lachey's wife pregnant with baby girl
b Visa, Mastercard block some Russian banks
e 'Sons of Guns' star Will Hayden arrested, charged with child rape - UPDATED
e Hunger Games wins MTV Awards
e 'Big Bang Theory' contract dispute delays new season
e Powdered alcohol 'Palcohol' banned, for now
e Justin Bieber Scores Plea Deal in DUI Case
t Samsung's SideSync Desktop Program Works With All Computers (Not Just  ...
b Ohio Links Fracking With Earthquakes, Announces Tougher Rules
t Eyes On the Sky! Catch Meteor Shower Late Tonight
e Lana Del Rey, fiance break up
b Leading Economic Indicators Increased at Fastest Pace in Four Months
b 7 mind-blowing economic trends you need to know about
b Box Files for $250 Million IPO
b Panera to eliminate all food additives by end of 2016
b Judge: GM doesn't have to tell owners to stop driving recalled vehicles
e Kanye West Performs At Wireless Festival; Gets Booed
b Amazon Enables Shopping Via Twitter … But Who Cares?
e 5 Seconds Of Summer Gets First #1 On Billboard 200
t T-Mobile Offering 4X More Data for $5 for Simple Start Customers
e Eminem Releasing "Headlights" Music Video On Mother's Day
e DJ Avicii Hospitalised for Gall Bladder Removal
t NASA Mars rover equals benchmark after 42 years
t Business Wire
t After two years, Mars' punishing environment has certainly left its mark on  ...
e Chelsea Handler Plans On Quitting 'Chelsea Lately' On E! | News
m Dept. of Health: There's no such thing as a safe tan
t AP News in Brief at 10:58 pm EDT
t Mars Gully Observed By NASA Orbiter Wasn't There Three Years Ago (PHOTO)
m Bill Gates Helped Invent This Remote-Controlled Birth Control Device For Women
e Noah review.
e Man Men Debuts To Worst Rated Season Opener Since 2008
e Stephen Colbert in Twitter trouble for racial joke
e VIDEO Mila Kunis breaks silence on pregnancy, will have natural birth
e Jessica Simpson Weds Former NFL Player Eric Johnson
t Breaking World, Tech, Sports, Business News
b Europe Stocks Rebound as Metals Gain; Ruble Strengthens
e High court looks at Internet TV
t Comet, meteor shower promise sky show if weather cooperates
e Avengers: Age Of Ultron news round-up
e Pharrell Williams to be New Coach on "The Voice"
e Three New Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Movie Official Photos Featuring Megan  ...
m Changes in brain may start before birth, study says
e Kim-Kanye wedding guests to get tour of Versailles
e 10 Things You Need to Know for Thursday
t Google Glass on sale to public just one day
m New drugs could prevent migraine attacks from occurring
e Weird Al Yankovic gets 'Tacky' in his camp Pharrell Williams' cover
e Dwayne Johnson Teases His DC Universe Movie Role; Could It Be Black Adam?
b Oil down on China factory data, US supply forecast
e Kanye West Vampire Rumors Surface: Is Rapper a Member of the Undead?
t How Policy Makers Should Approach Google's Driverless Shuttles
e Casey Kasem Still Not Buried, Family Feud Continues
e 'Fifty Shades of Grey' movie: New photo shows Jamie Dornan as Christian Grey
t Eich Is Out. So Is Tolerance.
e Jason Momoa confirmed for Aquaman in 'Batman v Superman Dawn of Justice'
e Melissa McCarthy Loses $9000 Wig on a Jet Ski; Actress Breaks Down Upon  ...
t Halo 5: Guardians coming to Xbox One in Fall 2015
b Pay rises scrape ahead of inflation - but only if you work in the private sector  ...
e Terry Richardson Accused Of Offering Vogue Shoot In Exchange For Sex
e REM's Michael Stipe to induct Nirvana into Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame
b They were in an "old-format wallet"
t nokia completes microsoft deal without chennai plant
t Google's Nest smoke alarm returning to sale amid reports of a full recall
e Watch Clayton Kershaw hit Jimmy Kimmel in the face with a baseball
t LG spoils its own surprise by listing metal-clad G3
e Fan records encounter with 'hammered' Charlie Sheen at Taco Bell
e UPDATED: 'L&HH ATL' Star Benzino Shot At Mother's Funeral, Nephew Arrested  ...
e North Korea Threatens 'Merciless' War Over a James Franco-Seth Rogen Movie
t Intel shows it's serious about wearables, picks up health tracker maker
b Mystery of Malaysian plane grips imaginations
e '24' throwback: Outdated spy gadgets from the 2001 season
e 'Zero Motivation,' 'Point and Shoot' top Tribeca Film Festival
t CyanogenMod 11S – OnePlus One UI showcased for all to see
t Amazon Smartphone Expected To Launch This Week
t Twitter sparks privacy fears with photo-tagging
m World Blood Donor Day
m Official warns against tanning
t 'The Wolf Among Us' Fifth and Final Episode "Cry Wolf" Coming to iOS on July 10th
e Lewis Draws Line With Femlae Comics
e Mockingjay: President Snow Declares “Panem Forever”
t Google Stops Scanning Student E-Mail Messages for Advertising
b Ready, steady, puff! Washington State starts legal pot sales Tuesday
e Dreams do come true: Kim Kardashian and Kanye West are on the cover of  ...
e Tori Spelling is reported to be 'fighting for her marriage'
m Despite Issues, Massachusetts Residents Confident In Their Health Insurance Law
b Obama to name former Procter & Gamble CEO head of troubled veterans affairs  ...
b 3 face charges in Turkey mining disaster
t Microsoft launches Lumia 930 and Lumia 635 4G smartphones with a affordable  ...
e Bachelor Juan Pablo 2014 Spoilers: Finale Dresses for Clare and Nikki (PHOTOS)
e Review: Menzel shines but 'If/Then' too sloppy
e '22 Jump Street' Wins Weekend Box Office
m Study Finds Stress May Reduce Crash Rates For Teen Drivers
m Michelle Obama Pushes Her School Lunch Food Agneda
b Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Comments on Hachette Issue
e Hollywood star Amy Adams gives up her first class seat for soldier and flies  ...
t Looks like a fish, acts like a fish, it must be a... robot?
t TECH NEWS Today - Apple (AAPL) to Buy Beats for $3 BillionTECH NEWS  ...
e Chadwick Boseman brings the funk as James Brown in Get On Up
t Melting of Antarctic ice sheet 'unstoppable'- reports
b California Drought Has Salmon Hitching Rides in Trucks
e Lindsay Lohan's 'Sex List' May Be the End of Her Reality Show (VIDEO)
b The Walt Disney Co to buy Maker Studios for $500 mn
t Astronauts Play Soccer At International Space Station To Send A World Cup  ...
t Super-heavy element 117 confirmed, may decay in nanoseconds
t GM recalls a further 8.45m cars
b United Flight To Vancouver In Near Collision With Plane In Houston
t Sprint Chairman Promises "Massive Price War" With Verizon And AT&T, If Sprint  ...
t Oculus Founder Palmer Luckey Dropped Out Of College — And So Did All  ...
m New test predicts Alzheimer's risk up to three years before symptoms appear
e 46 gifs that will sum up your 'Game Of Thrones' season four premiere experience
t Does ocean on Pluto's giant moon harbour life?
m Home Health Care Group Pays $150 Million to Settle Whistleblower Suit
m Free HIV tests being offered in New Orleans as part of National HIV Testing Day
b GM slow on ignition switch repair
b Anti-China riots in Vietnam: All you need to know about it
b Bitcoin Breaks Below $620, MtGox Allows Users to Login
e Watch As Jimmy Fallon Throws Balls In Julia Roberts' Face
b Target Corporation (NYSE:TGT) Picks New CEO, A PepsiCo (PEP) Executive  ...
b FTC calls for Congress to crack down on consumer data harvesting
b China manufacturing facility strike puts the kibosh on Nike and Adidas shipments
e Picasso painting reveals hidden man (Update)
b GoPro (GPRO) launches successful IPO, shares jump nearly 30% on first day
e Russell Crowe Makes Ark Plans in the First Clip from Noah
e Jessica Meuse American Idol “The Sound of Silence” Video 3/12/14 #IdolTop11
t Buzz Kill: Weed Dealer Game Booted from Apple App Store
e Tragic designer L'Wren Scott's funeral to be 'very small and private'
e Mila Kunis reportedly pregnant with fiance Ashton Kutcher's child
e The oddest part of Fox's insane fake Prince Harry dating show
b GM CEO expects recommendations for ignition switch recall victims in June
b Samsung forecasts 25% drop in Q2 profits
b FOREX-Yen reclaims lost ground against dollar, euro
b 24-hour strike over online car services leaves Madrid without taxis
b Samsung posts disappointing Q2 2014 earnings
m Video: UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon calls of "shared vision" on World  ...
t Friday the 13th And a Full Moon Can Lead to Real Fears for Some
t Apple to unveil its wearable foray 'iWatch' on September 9: Reports
e Robin Thicke to sing new song for estranged wife at Billboard Music Awards
b Cupcake chain's crumbling shows one-hit-wonder risk
b Markets Maintain Optimistic View Ahead Of Manufacturing Data
e Valeria Lukyanova is anti-kids: 'Human Barbie' admits racism in GQ interview
m Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO), MannKind Corporation (MNKD), American Apparel Inc  ...
m iPad, other devices could cause rash
e Kanye and Kim's Vogue Cover Spawns Spoofs
t 25 Years Ago, Voyager 2 Captures Images of Neptune
m Woman takes 'selfie' video of mini-stroke after being diagnosed with stress
b Kraft recalls cottage cheese brands due to improper storage
t In 29th recall of 2014, GM adds 218000 subcompacts to growing list
b Good Times To Continue For General Electric
e Journey's Steve Perry Makes Rare Live Performance
b ADP: Firms add 220000 jobs in April
m Federal authorities cite 5 companies in New Jersey worker's death at Amazon  ...
e 'The Search' Takes Michel Hazanavicius From a Silent Movie to a Bloody War
b The Coca-Cola Co.'s share price up, posts improving first-quarter results despite  ...
t North County Teen Wins $100K Intel Foundation Award for Drug to Treat Influenza
b Home price slowdown leaves millions underwater
e Retailer pulls shirt reminiscent of Holocaust
e BET Awards: Pharrell Steals The Show With 'Come Get It Bae'
m Pure powdered caffeine causes death in teen, has health experts concerned
b Midday Market Stats: Dow Jones Industrial Average Dips, Clings to Weekly Gain
e Scandal Actor Columbus Short Arrested And Charged With Felony
b US: Oil production in 2015 to be highest since 1972
m American Cancer Society Urges Increased Colon Cancer Screening to Save Lives
b Myntra goes global with Roadster; brings Italian designer on board
t Australian iPhone Owners Wake Up to Ransomware Threat
b General Motors is Recalling Two Million More Cars
t Does YOUR dog have 'domestication syndrome'? Scientists reveal why pets  ...
m Blood test may predict Alzheimer disease
e Amazon in deal to stream classic HBO shows
e First United Methodist Church plans Holy Week events
e The 1964 World's Fair may not have had the greatest new gadget to unveil — but  ...
t 2K Games will transition a few key legacy titles to Steamworks
b Money men tally cost of climate change on U.S. regional economies
e Date Night! The Obamas See Denzel Washington In 'A Raisin In The Sun'
e Bieber racist joke leaked
e First issue of Superman soars to $3.2M
b Barclays axes 19000 jobs, reins in Wall Street ambition
t 2015 Chevy Corvette Z06 Convertible is 625 Horsepower of Open Top Fun  ...
e Batkid documentary in the works
b Stocks edge lower after Google, IBM earnings
t Amazon Phone
t Microsoft (MSFT) Surface RT Continues to Dominate Ecosystem Ahead of  ...
e Anita Baker Tweets After Finding Out About Her Arrest Warrant By A TV Report
e Aussie View: 2X as many reasons to celebrate St. Patty's Day in Middletown
b Rebels at East Libya oil ports say will fight any government attack
b Egypt's liberal voices muffled amid pressures
e A different 'View'
e Lady Gaga strips while reincarnating Jesus, Gandhi and MJ in new raunchy video
t LG G3 Poses For The Camera Again
b Feds' ruling raises McDonald's risk of liability for franchisees' labor practices
t Report: Apple Upgrading MacBook Airs With Faster Chips
t What will Surface at today's Microsoft announcement?
t Canadian Astronomers Predict a Spectacular Meteor Shower
e Coldplay Cast 'Magic' With 'Crouching Tiger' Star in Video
t Netflix Bullied by ISPs to Pay Up or Face Poor Quality Streaming
t NASA uses laser to beam video from space
b P6.8e allotted for Asean trip
e Former 'Bachelor' Sean Lowe speaks out about Juan Pablo following ATFR
b VIDEO: Alibaba Lists on New York Stock Exchange for IPO
e 'Winter Soldier' offers plenty of gems for comic fans
t Opportunity Rover Breaks Extra Terrestrial Distance Record
e Bradley Cooper Called a 'Master Manipulator' By Someone Who Should Know
b Bank of Japan holds on fresh stimulus
b Top GM executive apologizes for deaths tied to recalled cars
b CBS Q1 Revenues Miss Expectations With Fewer NCAA …
m Researchers find 'no benefit' from anti-oxidant in wine
b Cuba: US fine on sanction-breaking BNP is an 'affront'
m Pregnancy significantly increases risk of serious traffic crashes: Study
e 'Power Rangers' Franchise To Receive Film Reboot
b Raising questions
b China manufacturing up last month
t Galaxy S5 Mini Confirmed? Device Spotted On Samsung Website
b Has China got an external-debt problem? Not likely
e Zara Pulls Shirt for Similarity to Jewish Holocaust Clothing
e Game of Thrones: King Joffrey's b****iest moments
t Google Glass Can Help People Suffering from Parkinson's Disease
e Who Wins The Bachelorette 2014: Finale Spoilers Josh vs. Nick!
e Perez Recommends
e Gwyneth Paltrow Breaks Silence After Split
e Madonna goes full Khaleesi in 'Game of Thrones' Purim costume
e Metta World Peace Blog: Dave Chappelle Was Right to Show Up 7 Years Late
t Aerohive Networks Positioned in the “Visionaries” Quadrant in the Wired and  ...
e In aftermath of crash that injured actor Tracy Morgan, Schumer looks to keep  ...
e The Easter Bunny cometh....how many calories are in that ear??
e 'Veronica Mars:' Marshing My Mellow
t Iceland Raises Volcano Warning Level After Eruption
t Secret Experiment Reveals Facebook Posts Influence Emotions Directly
t UK FBI - the National Crime Agency- warns computer users to protect  ...
e Bobby Womack, R&B singer-songwriter, dies at 70
m Cholesterol Guidelines Could Mean Statins For Half Of Adults Over 40
e Rapper makes dramatic suicide attempt
e Angelina Jolie: 'The Film World Is Not The Centre Of Our Household, We Want  ...
t Air Force 'Busting their butt' to certify SpaceX for military launches
t New view of the Big Bang takes scientists closer to the birth of the universe
t Why 'Global Warming' Is Scarier Than 'Climate Change'
e Easter: Why The Cross...Why The Resurrection?
t Local businesses struggle to make sense of Heartbleed flaw
t Facebook adds a button to Ask for other's relationship status
b Alibaba revenue boosts Mayer's Yahoo
e CANNES WATCH: Director not fazed by Cannes snub
e New Michael Jackson album 'Xscape' to be released this May
t Google beats back Yahoo to reclaim No. 1 spot in US Web desktop traffic
e The Walking Dead Season 4 Finale: Five Massive Spoilers
e 'Jersey Shore' star The Situation arrested after tanning salon brawl
m Kids: take your mark
e Recipes: Passover would not be complete without matzo balls
b Recession looms, forecast cut to 1.5%
e Jaden Smith Paints The Town Red With Willow's Controversial 'Friend' Moises  ...
m World's first dialysis machine for infants is born
m Replacing handshakes with fist bumps may save you health
t Google unveils Android Wear Developer Preview
t Report: T-Mobile Billed Customers for Bogus Charges
m Dogs use their snouts to accurately detect prostate cancer, study shows
b US claims win in car trade dispute with China
t HTC One M8 Still Going Strong In Spite of Samsung Galaxy S5 Release
e Casper Who? Paris fashionista Jennifer Lopez is “Haute” in Versace Post Split
e PHOTOS Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield have a message for paparazzi
m Blood Test Predicts Alzheimer's Years Ahead of Symptoms
e 2014 Emmy Awards
t Is It Time for an Internet Bill of Rights?
e Amal Alamuddin and George Clooney
m Race for Life: How skin cancer became a shark bite for the sake of two children
m Humans will be kept between life and death in the first suspended animation trials
m Sound Off for May 27th: Should schools be allowed to opt out of healthy lunch  ...
e Blake Lively steals the show in Gucci at Met Gala
b Gold edges down amid firmer equities
e Someone Stole Miley Cyrus' Maserati
e R&B singer Chris Brown admits probation violation, sentenced stay in Los  ...
t Google & Viacom settle longstanding YouTube lawsuit
b IMF head Lagarde under investigation in France
e WATCH: Mila Kunis talks pregnancy cravings on 'Ellen'
e NBC signs Matt Lauer to contract extension on 'Today' show
e Watch New 'Hunger Games' Trailer: 'The Mockingjay Lives'
b Emirates says it earned $1.1B in last fiscal year - KTVN Channel 2 - Reno Tahoe  ...
b More Taiwanese factories report damage from Vietnam riots: MOEA
m Safe blood transfusions to save mothers: WHO
e Rapper attempts bizarre suicide
m Vogueing EMT Catches the Attention of Rihanna
t Jury: Apple should duke it out with Google
t Tesla reaffirms Model X launch for early 2015
b Good News For Boomers: Medicare's Hospital Trust Fund Flush Until 2030
t Jupiter's Trademark Great Red Spot Shrunk Over The Years
e 'My mother touched me I'm certain': Hip hop mogul gunned down at mom's  ...
e Erin Andrews, Maks Chmerkovskiy & Other DWTS Changes By Anna  ...
e Drake Wore Six Completely Different Outfits To Host 2014 ESPYs
e Big, Beautiful Photos That Prove No One Celebrates Gay Pride Quite Like New  ...
t Audi Jumps on Apple's CarPlay Bandwagon
b 4 years after spill questions remain about health impacts
e ReThink Review: Get On Up -- Soul Brother No. 1 Lives Again
e Beyonce tops Forbes' most powerful celebrities list 0
b Geologists link small quakes to fracking
m Head of Connecticut Health Exchange to Lead Healthcare.gov
e Beatles legend Paul McCartney cancels Japanese tour leg due to illness
t Facebook: The World's Biggest Direct-Marketing Company
e Drew Barrymore Only Met Half-Sister Jessica Briefly, 'Incredibly Sorry' For Her  ...
m Boehringer, InterMune Identify Drugs To Slow Incurable Lung Disease
e New 'Mockingjay' Teaser Gives Exciting First Look at District 13
b US to allow some people to enroll in Obamacare after deadline
b Investors Love the $9 Billion BNP Paribas Settlement—No One Else Does
m Ebola Virus Outbreak in West Africa Slowing, But Still Ongoing
e Beyoncé and Jay-Z to Go on U.S. Summer Tour
b General Motors announces $449M investment in Detroit-Hamtramck  ...
t Tesla Vote In NJ Moves To Senate
e Faith calendar: April 19
b SNC-Lavalin agrees to buy Kentz
e Cronut star, bread guru best chefs
e Beverly Hills News - "Transformers" Rakes in $36.4 Million
t The latest 'new Twitter' is here. Remember when it looked like this?
e Katy Perry to be Sued for Plagiarism
t Information Commissioner: data breach fine "won't make much difference" to eBay
t Rocket Fuel: How Astronauts Will Brew the Perfect Espresso in Space
e Beyonce, Jay Z stadium tour includes GABP
b Obama Intervenes in Strike; SEPTA Union Back to Work
b Today's Mortgage Rates: Chase 30-Year and 15-Year Mortgage Interest Rates  ...
m Gov. McAuliffe asks state regulators to review Virginia restrictions on abortion  ...
b AOL first-quarter revenue rises on surge in ad sales
e 'Extant' Recap: What Really Happened on That Solo Mission?
e 'Noah' rides an epic wave to the top of the box office
e Seriously Gwyneth? WTF Is 'Conscious Uncoupling'?
m Study: Moles, Red Meat Linked to Breast Cancer
e Stephen Colbert explains theTweet that launched #CancelColbert
t WWE Network Subscriber Numbers Dropping, Brock Lesnar Goes Hunting  ...
e Tupac-Inspired 'Holler If Ya Hear Me' To Close Next Weekend
b New Ford CEO Gets $1.75 Million in Base Salary, Up to $3.5 Million in Incentives
e Casey Kasem Dies: Radio Host Legend Dead At 82 After Battle With Parkinson's  ...
m CAF to act on Seychelles AFCON withdrawal
b PepsiCo Profit Climbs, Boosted By Cost-Cutting, Price Increases
e CONFIRMED! Beyonce and Jay Z Officially Announce 'On The Run' Joint Tour
e Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Movie 2014 Poster: Paramount Pictures Apologize  ...
b Stocks trade mixed as the market heads toward a slight weekly loss, its second  ...
e Top 10 Casey Kasem Animated TV Series
t Objecting to new CEO, resignations sweep Mozilla board: Report
e Stocks mixed; Williams Cos. shares rise 20 percent
e Watch Coachella 2014 live stream: Lorde, Pharrell Williams, Skrillex and more  ...
b Photos: Malaysia plane crashes in eastern Ukraine
e Selena Gomez Dating One Direction's Niall Horan, Split With Justin Bieber Again?
b BNP Said Close to $9 Billion Accord in US Sanctions Case
e Nick Cannon RACIST: WHITE FACE SHOCKER: America's Got Talent Host PUT  ...
e Love and 'The Normal Heart'
e Morgan's health condition upgraded
t Amazon Dash launched in the US to augment AmazonFresh service
t Google Play stats indicate slow HTC One (M8) sales
b USDA corn, spring wheat ratings edge higher
m iPad allergies down to nickel
e 'Sabotage' review: Schwarzenegger is back in action
b Why Juniper Networks, Inc. (NYSE:JNPR) Has Reportedly Hired UBS Advisers
t Tibetans' altitude tolerance may have come from our extinct relatives
e VINYL DESTINATION
e Rolf Harris Admits Hiding 'Dark Side' During Sex Abuse Trial Grilling
b Jeep Sales Rise 28% to Drive Chrysler's Sales 9% Higher
t Protesters Interrupt Google I/O: 'Develop a Conscience'
e Cotton Rips White House for Bergdahl Deal
e Miley Cyrus and Emma Roberts Eat Sushi
t Climate change increasing massive wildfires in West
b Japan-Australia deal 'makes TPP even more important'
e Coachella 2014: Music festival provides haven for foodies
e Woody Allen's Bullets Over Broadway misses its target with critics
e Actor, Director Richard Attenborough Dies At 90; Helped Launch Capital Radio  ...
m Exoskeleton for the paralyzed wins FDA approval
b Ousted Symantec CEO may get $18.5 million in severance payment
m Allegations of misconduct against two Longview Police officers under investigation
e The Hunger Games: Mockingjay, Part One New Trailer Released at San Diego  ...
e New Music: Usher - 'Good Kisser' [Full Audio]
e 5 Things We Learned About Miley Cyrus During Her 'Bangerz' Special
t Macbook Air 2014 battery life examined
e Lawsuit Filed Over Miley Cyrus' Tongue Slide From Bangerz Tour | News
e 'Star Wars': Harrison Ford could miss eight weeks with broken ankle
e Floyd Mayweather, TI fight: Boxer sorry for calling TI's wife 'bitch'
e Justin Bieber, Johnny Manziel Party Draws Everyone Including Cops
b The 4 Stocks That Sank the Market
b Climate change will cost the U.S. hundreds of billions, report warns
t NSA said to have used Heartbleed bug and left consumers exposed
b ECB Easy Money Lost as Real Rates Rise: Chart of the Day
e People Prefer The Bachelor to The Bachelorette. Why? Its Science.
t Prediction: The 2015 Dodge Challenger SRT Hellcat Will Cost at Least $65k
e The Second New Weird Al Clip Rescues A Beat Previously Ruined By Robin  ...
m Why are tuberculosis rates suddenly spiking in Washington?
m Lilly's Gastric Cancer Drug Wins Approval From U.S. FDA
b China Q1 economic growth slows to 7.4%
b Target CEO Steinhafel Out in Wake of Massive Data Breach
e What Diane Sawyer's departure from “World News” means for women, and for  ...
e Jenny McCarthy Wore Out 400 Vibrators After Swearing Off Men For A Year
e Kids name their favorite stars
b Failed issuance shows growing risk awareness
e Katherine Heigl vs. Duane Reade! Why Paparazzi Photos Angered These 5  ...
e Lindsay Lohan Turns 28: Take A Look At Five Of Her Best Roles [VIDEO]
e 'Sopranos' creator David Chase finally answers the question: Did Tony Soprano  ...
e 5 SECONDS OF SUMMER Announce 'Rock Out With Your Socks Out' 2015  ...
b Oracle's Q3 falls short of expectations
e 'Duck Dynasty' star Phil Robertson speaks again, still hates homosexuality (Video)
b No more MH370s: Satellite firm which was used in search for missing plane  ...
t Internet's Own Boy pays tribute to hacker who cut his life short
e Peaches' death: 'How is this possible that we will not see her again?'
e VMAs Winners List 2014 Includes 5 Seconds Of Summer
e Some Magic On The Voice
t Prehistoric spiders had 4 eyes
b Hank Paulson: As Wrong about Climate Change as he was about The Crash
e All My Children actor Matthew Cowles dies
b Procter & Gamble Increases Q3 Profit With Cost Cuts
m Research: Older sperm donors 'just as good'
b Is the Houisng Industry's Recovery Fading?
m E-cigarettes can boost quitting success by 60%
b US New Home Sales Plunge 14.5 Percent In March - 8-Month Low
e 'Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.' Renewed; ABC Orders 'Agent Carter' to Series
e Prince William and Kate stress out while watching the Wimbledon final
e Watch the First Official Trailer for Gone Girl
e It's certainly accurate to put 'Heaven Is for Real' in the faith-based film category  ...
e Mad Men Music Supervisor Alexandra Patsavas Interview – Flavorwire
e 13 Ways Michael Jackson's Legacy Lives On After His Death
b Samsung profits down nearly 20% in second quarter
e Sherlock Season 4 To Be the Longest Run Yet!
t Sea Level Could Rise at Accelerated Pace Due to Changing Antarctic Winds
e X marks the spot
b New Jersey deal could reverse Tesla sales ban
b Digital currency's here to stay, whether it's Bitcoin or something else: Olive
b Gold Climbs for Second Day as Ukraine Tension Spurs Haven Demand
e Is Miley Cyrus Pregnant? Hospitalized Star 'Responds' To The Rumor On Twitter
b Glencore Xstrata sells stake in Peru mine for $5.85bn
e Christians: Israeli Restrictions Spoiling Easter Celebrations in Jerusalem
t Coming October, you can see Footprints of 125 million-year-old Dinosaurs in Utah
e Lupita Nyongo named Peoples most beautiful person of 2014 - CBS 3  ...
t SpaceX Revs Up Reusable Rocket Testing
m First Test of iPSC Therapy in Monkeys is a Success
e 'The Rock': Dwayne Johnson Preparing To Play DC Comics Movie Character  ...
m Saudi To Develop MERS Vaccine To Combat Outbreak
t Nintendo Apologizes for Tomodachi Life on Facebook
e Why is Justin Bieber Telling Racist Jokes?
m Study links breast gene to high-risk uterine cancer
e Scott Michael Foster Cast as Frozen's Kristoff in 'Once Upon A Time'
t Apple MacBook Pros get faster processors, lower prices
e Young 'suffering dementia'
t Cosmos Is Back with New Host for New Generation
e Grease for live TV musical adaptation on Fox
t Facebook's Sheryl Sandberg Apologizes For Studying Users Without Their  ...
b China and Russia sign 'historic' gas deal
e The Other Woman: Actresses wickedly funny as women plotting revenge on  ...
t One-time rivals: Apple and IBM in business app partnership
t Backlash To Facebook Buying Virtual Reality Firm Comes Swiftly
e Rob Kardashian Works Out with Kim and Khloe Kardashian Before Wedding  ...
e Calling all 'Game of Thrones' fans: Report to the Morristown Library, March 20
m Free HIV Testing Offered In New Orleans
b US equities open higher; tech stocks strong
e Aniston talks tabloids, 'Horrible Bosses' sequel and staying normal in Hollywood
e Chicago House Pioneer Frankie Knuckles Dead at 59
b Extra time to enroll for health care
b Tensions rise between China and Vietnam over disputed waters
m Mental health problem is more dangerous than smoking
t Nvidia Unveils Absurd Graphics Card
e Review: Rogen, Efron wage comic war in 'Neighbors'
b Official: Drone, plane nearly collide
e If Sofia Vergara is dating Joe Manganiello then we'd quite like a threesome with  ...
e Pink Floyd Are Releasing Another Album After A 20-Year Hiatus
t Google plans to disrupt smart TV market with Android TV
t First Earth-size planet discovered in another star's 'habitable zone'
t Amazon Launches Dash For Grocery Market
b Teams quarantine victims in Guinea Ebola outbreak
m Ryan Lewis Reveals Mom's HIV Struggle
m Putting olive oil on veggies may lower blood pressure
e Movie review: 'Planet of Apes' sequel is impressive
b IMF extends $b rescue to Ukraine
e 24: Live Another Day - "Day 9: 1:00 PM-2:00 PM" Review
b US Consumer Sentiment Rises To 9-Month High
e Chris Christie Busts A Move On The 'Tonight Show'
m Pelvic exam may do more harm than good
e Tearful Robert De Niro opens up about his gay dad
e FREE: Live music, burgers, swim at Big Surf
t OnePlus One to be fully revealed on April 23
b Update: Twitter Earnings (TWTR)
t World without friends in Facebook crash
t Facebook's Slingshot Makes Users Share Photos
t Pump Price Up a Dime
t Emperor Penguin Population to Slide Due to Climate Change
e The London look! 24 star Kiefer Sutherland may be back in Manhattan but he  ...
t Amazon prepares for a legal tussle with the FTC over in-app purchases
t Seeing red: Heavens to unveil a total lunar eclipse early Tuesday morning
b Hang Seng ends flat, China stocks up
e Martin Short: Lea Michele Is "Better" Than Judy Garland in Legends of Oz  ...
e Is the 'Human Barbie' going natural for good? 'Breatharian' - who claims she  ...
e 'Gone Girl' trailer arrives, and it's loaded
e TOP PHOTOS: Fans mourn death of author Maya Angelou; New crew blasts off  ...
t Apple rumoured to be planning a larger 12.9-inch iPad
t Robots pave the way for human landing on Mars
b Bank of America swings into loss
e WATCH: FIRST 10 MINUTES OF BEYONCE AND JAY Z'S 'ON THE RUN' TOUR
e Kerry Washington On Board Scandal Fashion Line at The Limited
e Cannes: An Uninspiring Palme d'Or, But a Fascinating Third-Place Tie
b NW China city rids pollutants off contaminated tap water in two districts
e Star Wars Episode VII Begins Principle Photography
e X-Men set to rule box office
t Google Maps' Time Machine Street View feature gives users a glimpse into the  ...
b US home prices rise at slowest pace in 15 months, reflecting sluggish sales | The  ...
t How Far Will Amazon Go? From Kindle Fire to Fire Phone and Groceries  ...
t GM Releases Video To Show Recalled Cars Are Safe
b Mortgage Interest Flat at TD Bank, Chase Bank and PNC Bank Today (March 11)
t Gas prices increase
e Tina Fey Accepted The Ice Bucket Challenge — Or Did She? Can You Spot The  ...
b IMF announces US$14-$18b rescue for Ukraine
t History Of Volcanic Forcing Identified In Antarctic Ice Cores
t Samsung plans to appeal $119-million judgment in Apple patent case
m Mental illness shaves years off life just like heavy smoking habit, says new study
e New '24: Die Another Day' Trailer and Poster: Jack Is Back
e Kim Kardashian's Video Game Makes The Quest For Fame Seem Tedious And  ...
e Loved ones bid farewell to Scott
m Ky. doctors repair gaping hole in Kazakhstan woman's cheek
e 'Father of G.I. Joe' Passes Away In R.I.
b EUR/GBP extends losses on expectations for ECB rate move
b Inflation Is Back on Wall Street Agenda
e Cory Monteith - Cory Monteith Was Preparing To Quit Hollywood
t Motorola unveils the Moto 360, its first smartwatch running on Android Wear  ...
t Samsung offers 3 months of free NOW TV movies to Galaxy Tab S customers
e A guide to Record Store Day in Washtenaw County
b Vodafone targets 'connected cars' with Italian deal
t Xbox One Sales Double after Removal of Kinect, But PS4 Still Miles Ahead
e Washington Post film critic suggested Seth Rogens movie inspired Elliot Rodger  ...
b Carl Icahn calls on eBay to sell 20 per cent of PayPal in an IPO
b Numericable sees SFR synergies in 2014; criticises Bouygues bid
e Conan: Colbert 'right person' to do 'Late Show'
t Nobody on this planet will be untouched by climate change
m Florida beach-goers told to beware flesh-eating bacteria in water
b Alcoa Inc. Crushes Q2 Earnings Targets; Shares Rise 1.5%
b Third record close for S&P 500
e Johnny Football Hot Dog Is Extreme
m St. Jude Patient Denied Drug
e Jennifer Lawrence on smelling Brad Pitt and why Miley Cyrus told her to &#039  ...
e Can you name all of Clooney's past loves?
e Bachelorette spoilers 2014: Week 2 and Week 3 dates, rose ceremony  ...
b Malaysia Airlines plane with 295 on board crashes over Ukraine near Russian  ...
b Asian shares lower after Wall Street losses
t New recalls raise questions about auto parts safety
e David Hasselhoff goofs around on the Kids Choice Awards orange carpet
m Scientists reverse aging in mice by giving them young blood
e MTV's Tribute To Ferguson Is The Best Thing To Come Out Of This Year's VMAs
b ECB steps up rhetoric against Euro strength
b S&P 500 falls most in 4 months, TSX tumbles as investors get wake-up call
m Scientists Say This New App Could Help Fight Jet Lag
m Yes Structured Activity Helps The Elderly With Mobility
e The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back  ...
e Oops. US Airways tweets nude photo
m WHO Suggests Higher Tobacco Taxes To Curb Its Usage
e Cameron Diaz Strips Down For 'Sex Tape'
m WATCH: 3D Printing Gives Man a New Face
b Wisconsin home sales drop for fifth month in a row
t Big Broadcasters Vanquish Upstart Aereo At U.S. Supreme Court
b US home sales rose 1.3 percent in April
t Brazil bandits rob Samsung smartphones, tablets worth $36 mn
e Coachella 2014: Weekend 2 is not just for schmucks
t How Microsoft tracked down a spy who leaked its secrets
b Symantec sacks chief
b Is Mexico the next Michigan?
t Facebook announces two updates to News Feed
m 7 Servings Of Fruits And Vegetables A Day Keeps Death At Bay, But Which Has  ...
t Apple gets greener, lighting more stores and data centers with renewable power
t Google documents hint at Wi-Fi component to Fiber buildout
e 1937 baseball film captures rare images of FDR walking
b Economists struggle to make sense of producer price jump
e Dr. Maya Angelou, writer and poet, dies at age 86
e Game Of Thrones: George RR Martin Skit On SNL's Weekend Update
e Video: Weird Al can fix your terrible grammar with a 'Blurred Lines' parody
e Kourtney Kardashian 'is Pregnant with Third Child'
b Vermont becomes first state to require labels for GMO foods
t HP steps up in cloud with USD 1 bn investment
t Facebook's Next Growth Engines Still Warming Up
t Microsoft to lay off?18000 employees; Xbox TV projects reportedly affected
b Intel raises revenue forecast on strong PCs demand
b Eurozone growth disappoints
t Twitter to launch “App Install” ads
b Sikorsky Aircraft, Lockheed Martin Corp win $1.28 billion US helicopter deal
e NeNe Leakes Eliminated On Dancing With The Stars
e Universal Studios says Harry Potter area will open July 8
t SpaceX rocket lifts off for space station cargo run
t Motorola Moto G vs Sony Xperia SP – Price and Spec Comparison
e The DuckTales Theme Song Gets Transformed Into an R&B Slow Jam
b Newly released GM records show ignition problems surfaced as early as 2001
b 217 trainees graduate from Etihad Airways career development program in Abu  ...
b 'Daum Kakao' eyes global expansion
b Lightroom For iPhone Review: A Portable Digital Darkroom For Your Mobile  ...
t 2014 Macbook Pro Retina: Is It Worth The Wait?
e Queens of the Stone Age reign at Hangout Fest
t Mobile's exploding & it's exploding here: Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg
b Franken pushes DOJ on net neutrality in Comcast merger
e 20 Amazing Musical Numbers From The Muppet Show
e Lupita Nyong'o and Scarlett Johansson 'in talks' to star in new Jungle Book film
e 'Goonies 2' rumors are good enough for us
t Russian rocket carrying 3-man crew blasts off to International Space Station
b Oil prices rise on Iraq worries
e Cannes Film Festival winners: Oscar next for Julianne Moore?
e Prince George spends Father's Day showing off his walk
b Exxon second-quarter profit increases 28 per cent, beats estimate
t Microsoft Word for iPad enters top 10 in gross revenue
m Hunt For MERS Source Should Look Beyond Camels - Veterinary Officials
t Twitter Takes Gnip Under Its Wing
e Lindsay Lohan Is Suing 'Grand Theft Auto' for Allegedly Having a Character With  ...
t 5 reasons why Android One will be a success
e 'Saturday Night Live' Fires Brooks Wheelan, But Judd Apatow Has His Back
b Mizkan to purchase Ragu and Bertolli pasta sauce brands from Unilever
e Kim Kardashian Bachelorette Party Photo: Last Supper Time!
t Google's Nexus 5 and Nexus 7 Expands Across Europe
e Rob Kardashian Reportedly “In Tears” After Skipping Kim & Kanye's Wedding  ...
m Health Tip: Minimizing Seasonal Allergy Symptoms
e Fallon's Brian Williams-'Gin & Juice' Mash-Up
m Here Is a Wonderful Video of a 40-Year-Old Deaf Woman Hearing for the First  ...
b Bank Of America (BAC) Has Dropped To A 4-Month Low After Accounting Error
b Government to buy out Malaysia Airlines, rebuild company
b Crimea crisis puts US spying in new spotlight
e 17-Year Old Raped During Keith Urban Concert at Xfinity Center in MA
e 'Keeping Up With The Kardashians' episode recap: Kris Jenner cries over her  ...
b Dov Charney's Redeeming Quality
m Planet Fitness Gym Orders California Female Member to Cover Halter Top for  ...
b S&P's Blitzer: 'Housing Statistics Are Weak' as Market Struggles
t UPDATE 2-Comcast defends merger as US review kicks off
t 2.4M vehicles added to recall list
e As fans ask if Beyonce is alluding to Jay Z cheating, more stars who revealed  ...
b Multibillion-dollar India-based auto group unveils new vehicle, manufacturing  ...
m Obesity up in adults by a startling 28 per cent in the last 33 years!
b UPDATED: Pfizer to AstraZeneca: Say goodbye to our $120B offer
b Medtronic buys Covidien; Bluebird Bio stock surges
e Kardashian family unfairly blame Rob Kardashian for weekend wedding feud
e The First Woman to Finish the American Ninja Warrior Course Will Blow All of  ...
t 'World's largest dinosaur' found
m Oscar Pistorius murder trial: 5 things we learned from athlete's manager and  ...
e Miley Cyrus Denies She Told Jennifer Lawrence To "Get It Together"
t Samsung Gear Fit, Gear 2, and Gear 2 Neo India price revealed
m Jordan confirms new case of MERS virus infection
t Apple launches new programming language 'Swift'
e Brittny Gastineau's friend reveals 'scared' model wasn't going to report assault as  ...
e GAME OF THRONES Author Responds To Jamie and Cersei's Sex Scene
t Facebook pulls plug on Poke, cancels Camera
t This Is What The Supermoon Looked Like From Space
b UPDATE 1-Deutsche Bank announces first AT1 bond sale
t DNA tests Yeti and Big Foot debunked
m Sarepta plans for 2015 drug review
b County Manager James Martin retires today; helped Cumberland grow
t Comcast and TWC are the least liked ISPs
m NYC Uses Yelp Reviews to Track Foodborne Illnesses
t Apple reaches settlement in e-book price fixing case: report
t Samsung vs Apple Lawsuit: Ready to Square off in 2nd Patent Trial
e Beverly Hills Hotel in for protests – Pink Palace under siege over Sultan of Brunei
t PS4 outselling Xbox One globally by 2 million units
b GM Expands Recall to Every Car Built With Faulty Ignition Switch, Will Fix 2.2  ...
t Microsoft Warns of Glaring Internet Explorer Flaw
e 'Sharknado 2' could bite off more buzz than the first
b RONALD MCDONALD SELFIE READY MAKEOVER FOR SOCIAL MEDIA  ...
m The cure for jet lag? Entrain app uses maths to work how travellers can adjust to  ...
b Uber Protests Bring Traffic to a Literal Stop in Europe
b 49ers QB Colin Kaepernick named in Miami police report
b Investors Go Crazy Over Twitter, But Do They Really Understand It? Probably Not
b US Economy Grows At A 4% Rate In Second Quarter
e Kendall Jenner's dress was doing a lot
e 'The Voice': Adam Levine, Blake Shelton, Usher & Shakira Perform
t HTC video teases all-new One ahead of its official launch tomorrow
t Department of Transportation Passes Rule on Backup Cameras
b IRIAF Holds Aerial Parades on National Army Day
t Yakima gas prices climb 7 cents in a week
t LG G Watch vs Samsung Gear Live Vs Moto 360 - An Early Comparison Of  ...
b Luxembourg court accepts ESFG, Rio Forte creditor protection claims
t BREAKING: Japan's 'research whaling' ruled illegal by International Court of  ...
e Singer Gregg Allman sues to stop revival of work on movie after fatal train crash  ...
e The Met Gala Red Carpet is rolled out for the Ultimate A-List
t Fuel prices surge at the pump
t Total Lunar Eclipse Monday Night into Tuesday (April 14-15)
t Apple expected to unveil its first wearabl ...
b Rally fades in Japan
t Average gas price $3.60 per gallon in Milwaukee area
t Green credentials of fracking 'exaggerated', says IPCC author
b March a strong month for auto sales
t Amazon ready to fight the FTC over in app purchases
e 'Mad Men' Season 7, Episode 2: 9 things we learned in 'A Day's Work'
t Google said to have held talks to buy video service Twitch
e Fast and Furious 7 production will resume March 31, 5 months after Paul  ...
t Audi to Offer Apple CarPlay on Its New Models Starting 2015
t Apple earnings: iPhone, iPad sales growth key
e 'Rio 2' piles it on and spoils the fun
b Duly Noted: City inadvertently releases detailed taxi driver data (Video)
b No legal hurdle to damages to MH370 victims' kin
b Stock Market Today: Apple's New Look and Alcoa's Earnings Kickoff
e Lorde to choose Hunger Games soundtrack
e Macondo lives in Latin America
t For sale: alleged dump of 145M eBay user records
m Skin cancer rates, evidence on Canadians' sun behaviour concern cancer experts
t UN panel warns of rising emissions
b Taco Bell ads feature real-life Ronald McDonalds
b Switchboard: Comcast is spending liberally to woo lawmakers
b Vince McMahon's Net Worth Gets Hit With A Chair After The WWE Stock Price  ...
e Obama: 9/11 memorial a 'sacred place of healing and hope'
t iPhone 5 Battery Replacement Program Launched in U.S., China
b U.S. existing home sales rebound, inventory increases
t Google and Apple reach peace settlement in smartphone patent wars
t The big problem with Amazon's new phone — it's too good
b Microsoft Q1 earnings top estimates, with strong growth in Office 365 subs, Xbox  ...
e Chris Brown Carried Out of BET Awards After-Party
e Justin Bieber Posts Flirty Pic With Model -- Starting 'Dating Rumors'
b Icahn, Ackman may team up on activist investments - WSJ
t Treating people like lab rats is not OK, OKCupid?
e Watch 5-foot woman dominate 'American Ninja Warrior' course
m Smartphone app feature helps alcoholics stay calm
e Former Survivor contestant Caleb Bankston dies in train derailment
t T-Mobile Wi-Fi calling will work on iOS 8
m Children with rare malaria immunity could mean new vaccine
e 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2' Rapidly Approaching $500 Million Worldwide
e '50 Shades of Grey' Trailer Prank: Jimmy Fallon Freaks Out The Roots
e 'Mad Men' Recap: Don Draper and His Daughter
e Watch Vestavia Hills community dump 1500 pounds of ice in support of ALS  ...
m Air traffic controllers' schedules invite fatigue, study finds
t Sprint Galaxy S5 pre-orders begin today, launch scheduled for April 11
m Researchers Find 18 Percent Of High School Seniors Smoke Hookah
e 'The Good Wife' plans life after Will's shocking death
t Dropbox launches Carousel, a new app for organizing your photos and videos
e Kim Kardashian Shows off New Blonde Hair on Instagram
t Facebook report highlights censorship
e Guardians of the Galaxy trailer: Chris Pratt in new Marvel blockbuster
b BAML hires top Morgan Stanley dealmaker for global healthcare role
t Ford offering limited Mustang
b Some thoughts on Piketty, the book and the phenomenon
b Who Wins, Who Loses Over Alibaba IPO Listing
e Grab your girlfriends and learn a thing or two from The Other Woman
b Judge rules against J.C. Penney in Martha Stewart case
t Google doubles the RAM in Glass to 2GB, just in time for Brits to buy
m Alcohol kills 1 every 10 secs
t AT&T, Sprint and Verizon say no to download booster feature on Galaxy S5
t Watch Dogs Graphics On PS4, Xbox One Are Equal To PC's High Settings
b Vietnam cannot afford foreigner enmity
b GM recalls 3.4M more vehicles for ignition problems
t Best Nokia Lumia 925 Windows Phone price deals June 2014
e Film Review – The Other Woman: Revenge Rom-Com fails to deliver
e Fond farewell for 'HIMYM'
e Holy week: Stories within the story
e Must-See Late Night Clip: Jimmy Fallon and Arnold Schwarzenegger 'Get to the  ...
b Transit authority, unions agree to resume talks as NY commuter rail strike  ...
b Pinterest Confirms Raising Another $200M At $5B Valuation
e New Agents Of Shield Season 2 Definitely Happening,New Spoilers On The Way
t FTC: Snapchat deceived customers, stored videos
t Twitter Adds Photo Tagging, Increases Photos Limit to 4 Per Tweet
t Oculus CEO Describes Rapid Sale to Facebook
e Watch Angelina Jolie in new Maleficent trailer
e Sir Paul McCartney Cancels Japan World Tour Gigs While Battling Mystery Virus
e Mad Men Season 7, Episode 6 Recap: Have Station Wagon, Will Travel
m Peace Corps evacuates over Ebola; 2 volunteers in isolation
b Barclays bank lifts jobs cull to 19000
t Paris restricts car use after pollution hits dangerous levels
t Earth-like planets Gliese 581 g and d likely don't exist, study says
b Hollande humbled by poll pounding
t Intel Rises on Embrace of Google's Chrome
e Nick Cannon ripped for 'whiteface' photo
b Heartbleed bug: Revenue Canada knew about stolen SINs last Friday
e TV: Josh Elliott Leaves Good Morni…
m Afrezza Gets Third Try at FDA
e 'Game Of Thrones' Sex Chart (INFOGRAPHIC)
t Facebook Places Replaces Foursquare in Instagram Test
t Apple's new 12.9-inch iPad coming early 2015
t Vessyl is the smart cup that knows exactly what you're drinking
t Fruit Flies Evade Danger by Using Fighter Jet Tactics, Study
e Amazon launches Prime Music streaming service in the US
e Jennifer Lopez to receive lifetime achievement honor at the Billboard Music  ...
t Check out what Apple's new software iOS 8 for iPhone and iPad looks like
b TECH STOCKS: Nvidia's Gains Stand Out Among Tech Stocks
b Gazprom files $4.5 bln lawsuit against Ukraine's Naftogaz in Stockholm
e Look! Kim Kardashian shares childhood snap
t Google Glass wearers being attacked as sentiment against wealthy techies
m Study's 'shocking' findings: Many prefer a jolt to solitary thoughts
e Wu-Tang Clan to Release 1 Copy of Secretly Recorded Album
t US: Gender non-conforming teen forced to 'look like a boy' for driver's license  ...
t Farm production tipped to shrink
e 'Ferocious talent' Farley Mowat dies at 92
m Amy Van Dyken-Rouen confirms she is paralyzed after ATV crash in Arizona
m NGOCC seeks inclusion of reproductive health in school curriculum
e 'How To Train Your Dragon 2' - wholesome entertainment (IANS Movie Review)
e 'The Voice' Season 6 battle rounds Week 3: Only 1 steal remains
e Justin Bieber Is Young, Not Racist According to Floyd Mayweather Jnr Boxer  ...
b Most European indexes swing lower
e Harry Potter, Kardashians: 10 possible trios for True Detective season 2
t Titanfall nears 1 million sold in three weeks
t Microsoft Xbox 360 gets a price in India
m World Cup Exoskeleton Demo: Hope or Hype?
e Too cold for zombies in Regina, Tatiana Maslany tells Conan O'Brien
e Frances Bean Cobain calls out Lana Del Rey for comments on celebrity deaths
b More misery for Tesco? Amazon and Google could be the next big players in the  ...
e Bryan Singer Accusations Affect Marketing Plans for Next 'X-Men,' 'Black Box'
t Rep. Walden Fears Rough Waters Ahead for FCC
b Last words from jet from co-pilot: airline
e Katherine Webb and AJ McCarron Engaged: Twitter Photo Reveals Diamond  ...
t DELVE DEEP TO SAVE EARTH WITH ABYSS RELEASING FOR Wii U ON  ...
m University of Kansas Hospital earns 12 out of 12 in 2014-15 US News Rankings
e Josh Charles Dines With Cast: No Bad Blood After Shocking 'Good Wife' Exit
t Shipwreck from 1888 found off Calif. coast
b Morning Futures Roundup
b Chinese satellite spots potential debris from missing plane
e 'The Bachelorette' bachelor Eric Hill dies in hospital after paragliding accident in  ...
e FX's 'Fargo' Doesn't Avoid the Movie Comparisons, It Invites Them
b AT&T Saw Best Q1 Revenue Growth in Two Years Despite T-Mobile 'Noise'
t Game-streaming site Twitch harkens back to the arcade days of yore.
e Robert Downey Jr. announces his wife is pregnant
t David Byrne's Warning About Kindle Unlimited, From Last October
e Beyoncé and Solange are all smiles at Gucci event! See the pics here!
b Soaring US stocks echo dotcom rally but with lower valuations
b BlackBerry shares climb as loss narrows
t Citizen Columnist / Tom Levin / We need leaders today like Farley, Sandman  ...
b US Trade Deficit Dropped 3.6% in March
m West Nile death in Bolivar County untrue
e The Wrap-Up
t Apple reaches $450M e-book deal (pending appeal); Citi starts coverage (AAPL)
e Did Paltrow cheat thrice?
e Jennifer Lopez Receives Icon Award at 2014 Billboard Music Awards, Performs  ...
b China manufacturing grows for first time in 6 months
t Google Glass to Use Ray-ban and Oakley Frames and Designs
e What It's Like to Be a Stylish Black Guy That Watches "Mad Men"
m Drug take-back day to be held April 26
b German manufacturing PMI falls to 6-month low of 52.9 in May
e Emma Stone's PVC dress at The Amazing Spider-Man 2 Paris premiere - love or  ...
b Trying To Ban Pfizer's Bid For AstraZeneca Would Be Illegal
t JD Power Initial Quality Study finds automakers struggling to build easy-to-use tech
m Guinea: Ebola Under Control, Few New Cases Reported
b Goldman Sachs Notes Hedge Fund Difficulity
t AT&T eyes purchase of DirecTV
m Fitbit Recalls Force Activity-Tracking Wristband
t S-E-X SELLS: Tesla's New Model Fills Out The Company Lineup
b IPO Preview: The Michaels Companies (MIK)
m RPT-As Ebola stalks West Africa, medics fight mistrust, hostility
e 'American Idol' 2014 Results Tonight: Season 13 Top 6 Performance VIDEOS  ...
t Sprint trumpets network progress, but subscriber losses continue
b Ford CFO: The three factors behind our earning miss
b Vatican Bank's Profit Sees Major Decline As Pope Francis Advances Reforms
b American Apparel's Charney fighting board
b Whistleblower: Spirit tops airline passengers' gripe list
b Moscow courts back closure of three McDonald's branches
e American Idol: Least Surprising Results, Most Surprising Reaction - Ranking the  ...
e 5 Seconds of Summer debut album breaks US records
e Katy Perry Launches New Label, Signs Ferras -- Listen To Their New Duet!
m White House: Stop Calling People Addicts
e 'Divergent': IMAX screening March 19 with Jai Courtney, Neil Burger
m HEALTH: Mosquito virus outbreak warning released by CDC
e Peaches Geldof had death wish: source
b No evidence linking Chinese citizens aboard missing jet to terrorism
e Arnold Schwarzenegger and Jimmy Fallon 'Get to the Chopper!' [VIDEO]
b Dov Charney Blocked from retaking control
e Pregnant Kourtney Kardashian Debuts Baby Bump in Bikini Shot With Penelope  ...
t Hands On With Carousel: Dropbox's New Photo-Organization App
t Gadsden Amateur Radio Club sets field day
b A Better Idea Than HBO's Amazon Deal (Video)
t Facebook slammed for pushing users onto Messenger app
b Argentina hit by double blow as US Supreme Court rejects appeal in fight over  ...
e Kanye West postpones Australian tour
m 66% of Americans Have Increased Chance of Early Death from Low Vitamin D  ...
t After eBay Hack, a Call to Change Passwords
e Tori Spelling's Husband Threatens Divorce!
b Buffett wants to forgive and forget Bank of America blunder
e Attenborough was in love with Indian culture: Alok Nath
e Joss Whedon releasing film for digital download
e Country queen Dolly Parton thrills crowd at first ever appearance at UK's  ...
b Yen Weakens as Risk Appetite Increases; Russian Currency Climbs
b Snapchat in funding talks with Alibaba at US$10b value
e Relics of the Wild West fetch thousands at Valley auction
b Website issues on Obamacare enrollment deadline day
t Office for iPad is 'Mild Positive'; New Products to Drive Apple (AAPL) Higher  ...
e Mila Kunis on Pregnancy Cravings: Ashton 'Stocked Our Fridge With Weird Food  ...
b UPDATE: GlaxoSmithKline Inks Deal With Novartis To Sell Oncology Portfolio  ...
e Johnny Depp Is Wearing An Engagement Ring, Seems To Think We'll  ...
t SpaceX Files Suit Against US Air Force, Cites Use Of Russian Rockets As  ...
e The Walking Dead Review 4.16 - 'A'
b Don't Be Fooled: IBM Isn't Leaving The Silicon Business
t Mercedes recalls C-Class models over rear lights, including 31000 in Canada
b Medicare hospital funds to last 4 years longer
b Egypt fuel price raise new pain for buyers, sellers
t Google buys Appetas, could spell doom for Yelp
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West: Vogue With North
e James Franco poses for selfie with pretty blonde as he signs autographs at stage  ...
b Single bidder wins Silk Road Bitcoin booty
b Oil Futures Gain on Expectations of Large Supply Drop
b Auto analysts predict overall sales increases as automakers release May results  ...
e Sandpoint capital payday loan address
e The Bachelorette Recap: Andi Dorfman Learns About Eric Hill's Death
b Owners of recalled GM vehicles offered $500 discount on new cars
t 'The Internet of things': Google, Apple and the next big growth cycle
e The Amazing Spider-Man 2 New Preview
m Windshield washer fluid is a source of Legionnaires
t The Amazon Fire Phone comes with free unlimited photo storage
t Microsoft increase OneDrive storage space to 1TB for Office 365 Subscribers
t Sony pulls plug on PlayStation Portable, pushes new Vita
m Flu cases rise by 36%: Ministry of Health
b Draghi says ECB may act in June; Capital inflows push bond yields down
b Over 1100 IRS employees received bonuses after not paying taxes
t Microsoft is reportedly planning a huge round of job cuts after acquiring Nokia's  ...
e Ousted NY Times editor to grad -: Show what you are made of
t Google Translate to Get Better Camera Translation Technology
t What A Microsoft Xamarin Buy Would Mean
b China spending talk aids Asian stocks
b Malaysia says no red flags 'so far' on missing jet passengers
t GM issues stop sale on Cruze; recalls almost 1 million more cars
e Miss USA Defends Sexual Assault Comment That Raised Eyebrows
e Emma Stone Spins A Web Of Sex With Her Dark Look At The Amazing Spider  ...
m Major League Baseball Unveils Pink Baseballs For Mother's Day (Photo)
m GrowBLOX Sciences, Inc. Enters the Florida Medical Marijuana Market
b Gap net sales increase 1 percent in Q1
e 'Dorothy's Return' is not quite Oz-some
t Sony Reveals PS4 VR Headset
b Lesser prairie chicken listed as threatened species
t 5 Cars To Watch At The 2014 New York Auto Show
m Some passengers on board MH17 headed to AIDS conference
b US stocks end lower ahead of key economic data reports
t Tesla adds safety shields, feds end probe; and is Reno frontrunner for Gigafactory?
b Slow speed blamed in Asiana crash
e Fox Cutting American Idol To 1 Day A Week, Likely Reducing Glee's Episode  ...
t OfficeSuite Pro 7 is Amazon's Appstore free app of the day (reg. $14.99)
m Research queries advice on 'unhealthy' fat
t The UN's Stupid Plan to Fight Climate Change with Biomass
t LG beats expectations with strong TV sales in Q1
b China move to guide yuan higher puts FX market in spin
e Watch the new trailer for Channing Tatum and Mila Kunis' space epic 'Jupiter  ...
m Ebola, Poverty and Racism
b Target takes earnings hit, but analysts see signs of turnaround
b Still plenty of work ahead for BlackBerry: Chen
t Comcast promises 'unique benefits' from $45 billion merger
b (CNW) Valeant Pharmaceuticals Announces Nominations For Board Of Directors
t Facebook suffers global outage, now recovering
t Batter up! MLB.TV and Google Chromecast play ball with new deal
e Chiklis joins Coven principals for next Horror
e OMG: It's a Kate Middleton vs. Kim Sears fash-off at Wimbledon 2014
e Coming Soon -- Kim Kardashian The Video Game
e Home WhatsOn Celebrity Jay Z's fallen out with Kanye West over marital...
e Star Wars Fans Given Chance To Be In New Film
m Youth Becoming Target of Booming E-Cigarette Market
m Saudi Arabia MERS cases spiral to 339 infected, 10 dead; Egypt marks first
m 10 Mass. towns offer free Lyme disease tests for ticks
t Astronomers discover coldest ever white dwarf - an ancient diamond the size of  ...
b Steinhafel Out as Target's CEO
m Afrezza Inhalable Insulin Approved by FDA
b AstraZeneca Rejects Pfizer's 'Final' Bid
b Ofcom ready to challenge Rupert Murdoch's pay-TV merger
e The Pritzker Architecture Prize goes to Shigeru Ban
b Nearly all major banks pass Fed 'stress tests'
e Iggy Azalea flaunts figure at ESPYS
e Watch the First 'SpongeBob SquarePants: Sponge Out of Water' Trailer Spring to  ...
t Despite Data Thefts, the Password Endures
e Game of Thrones: Who Killed Jon Arryn?
e Miley Cyrus cancels 2nd show, remains in hospital
m Diagnosis of Autism in US up by 30 pct since 2012 says CDC
t Supermoon returns to Irish skies - so hope the clouds part for moon gazing
b April 30, 2014, 4:19 pm
b Watching Two Issues Vital to CA Prosperity: Manufacturing and Water
b Budget 2014: new £1 coin revealed
m Global life expectancy increases – WHO reports
b Planes, ships comb new search zone for missing jet but no objects recovered yet
b German business-confidence survey weaker than expected
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Prime/Galaxy F Confirmed Features Spotted in Glowing Gold
m Semen abnormalities linked to shorter lives
b Judge says water shutoffs are “bad publicity” for Detroit bankruptcy plan
b Stock market flirts with new records
t Google's next Nexus phone may come with a budget price
e Sherri Shepherd Cries While Discussing View Exit; Jenny McCarthy Teases New  ...
b US Said to Seek More Than $10 Billion in Citigroup Probe
e Home / Entertainment News / Justin Bieber detained at LAX
e How I Met Your Mother title was a fake-out: Josh Radnor
t Oakley to make Google Glass products
t Related stories
e AC/DC 'Insiders' Deny Retirement Rumors
b Mattel Q2 Profit Plummets, Results Miss View - Quick Facts
t Oculus happy as a break-even business
b GE 2Q profit climbs 13 percent
e A 'Game of Thrones' Whodunit: The Suspects for That Shocking Murder
e Billboard Awards Best Dressed: Ariana…
e 'Scandal' actor Columbus Short arrested for knockout punch in LA restaurant
b Judge OKs SAC's $1.8B settlement of feds' insider trading probe
t Amazon Smartphone Will Be Launched By June [Rumor]
e #ScandalFinale night: Let the games begin
b Allergan looks for white knight to counter Valeant's hostile bid: reports
t Mercedes & BMW Announce Car Recalls
t eBay asks users to change passwords after breach
b Fed leans to ending bond purchases in October
t Mobile unit drags down Nokia Q1 results despite sale
b Bulgaria has enough gas for 'three to four months'
b Weibo IPO valued at lower-than-expected $3.46bn
b Yellen says economy still in recovery
e High Court to hear dispute about TV over the Internet
b Why General Electric (GE) Stock May Move Higher Today
t Microsoft Word, Excel & PowerPoint Now Available On iPad [Link]
b Novartis and GSK jump after asset swap and joint venture deal
e Robin Thicke Attempts to Win Paula Patton Back After His Cheating Issues  ...
e These three villains are rumored to be in 'Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice'
e Dancing with the Stars goes shirtless with injuries and an elimination
b General Motors recalls another 2.6 million vehicles for repairs
t eBay asks 145m users to change passwords post cyber attack
t Google Plus head departing after 8-year stint with tech giant
t Russia Scrubs Debut Launch of New Space Rocket
b Wal-Mart suing Visa over card fees
t Aston Martin Unveils Sub-$100000 Edition for North America
b Business News: CEO announces he has cancer
t Tesla Reveals RHD Model S; Launches it in UK
t Automatic Driving Monitor for Android updates with Crash Alert, "Do Not Disturb  ...
t FCC Chairman to Defend His Net Neutrality Proposal
t Google Puts Up A Rubik's Cube Doodle For 40th Anniversary
t Edward Snowden At SXSW: The NSA Is 'Setting Fire To The Future Of The Internet'
b Iowa unemployment rate up slightly
e 'How I Met Your Mother' Recap: 'Last Forever Parts One and Two'
e Kit Harington's Rules For On-Screen Nudity
e Film Review: 'Oculus' raises the right scares to keep you on the edge of your seat
e The sequels have it: '22 Jump Street' and 'How to Train Your Dragon 2′ top  ...
b Boehner Slams Obamacare Extension: Is This a Joke?
e Once Upon a Time Casts Frozen's Hans & Pabbie Roles
e Garth Brooks announces Thursday press conference
t Microsoft visited in 'monopoly probe'
e Review Roundup: Kid-Friendly Sequel HOW TO TRAIN YOUR DRAGON 2  ...
t NHTSA Closes Probe Into Tesla Model S Fires: "Defect Not Identified" [VIDEO]
b American Apparel Founder Not Going Without A Fight
b Lachlan Murdoch named co-chair of News Corp, Fox
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's wedding: The dress, the drama, the spectacle
e Selena Gomez Fires Parents After Reuniting With Justin Bieber
m HHS Data Reveals Doctors Billed Medicare For Millions
e 'Two and a Half Men' season 12 spoilers: Are Walden and Alan really getting  ...
e X-Men: Days of Future Past Trailer – Can one film handle this many famous  ...
e 'Rio 2' a colorful, musical adventure
e Batman: Arkham Knight Delayed, New Video Available
e Prince Harry and Cressida Bonas to Get Engaged in 2014, Oddsmakers Predict
t Google Project Tango Tablet: Think 3D
b California DMV: No evidence of computer breach - KTVN Channel 2 - Reno  ...
b The great Herbalife astroturf war
b UPDATE 6-Time Warner win would make Murdoch US media king
t Uplay Login Issues Affecting Watch_Dogs' Launch
e VIDEO: Kimye embarks on lavish three-part honeymoon
m Chia powder linked to salmonella illnesses
e Time's Most Influential People of 2014
t Cisco to spend $1b on cloud service
e Angelina Jolie Calls Maleficent Film "A Very Beautiful Story" In New Clip
b Drought worsens in western USA
b Airbnb weeding out city's multiple apartment listers
t When Apple Inc. (AAPL) Learnt That Size Does Matter For iPhone 6 Success !
b Google usurps Apple as most valuable brand
m Risk of spread of Middle East virus 'low' in US
t Microsoft announces Office for iPad apps in move towards cloud growth
t Clouds threaten to foil return of the supermoon tonight in Durham
e Fox Puts 'Gotham' on Mondays, Shifts Fall Schedule
b Etihad says agreed principal terms to buy 49 pct of Alitalia
m UA doctor gets key federal support for marijuana research
e Michael Bay's 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' Trailer Finally Dropped
b UK: Amazon Launches Twitter Shopping Facility
e â€˜Earth To Echoâ€™ Released, But Is This Family-Friendly Alien Adventure  ...
e The War Over Mickey Rooney's Body, Resolved: Actor To Be Buried In Hollywood
t Wonkbook: This summer is huge for tech and media. Here's why.
e Beyonce, Jay Z Announce On The Run Summer Stadium Tour
e First Trailer and Poster for 'Jersey Boys,' Clint Eastwood's Jukebox Musical
t Apple to Pay up to $400 Million if It Loses E-Book Appeal
e 10 Things to Know for Today
m State may let medical pot patients have guns
t Mario Kart 8 couldn't outrace Nintendo's $97M loss last quarter
e US embassy in Tel Aviv faces internet backlash for raising pride flag
t Will Samsung Galaxy S5 Crystal Collection be most expensive ever?
t Activision brings life to toys in Skylanders: Trap Team (preview)
b Tesla loses $50 million in Q1
t Google doodles virtual Rubik's Cube: Have you solved it yet?
m HIV As The Cause Of AIDS Turns 30: How Far Has Treatment Come, And Where  ...
t Instagram update lets users edit their photos even more
t SpaceX Flight Includes Germs From Cheerleaders
b Shorts (left)
b Officials: Mountain Of Dirt Suspected In Del. Bridge Closure
e Madonna shows up for jury duty in Manhattan
t Fire News: Tesla Installs Fire Shields Under Model S
b Carney Says Employee Suspended for Failing to Raise Alarm on FX
t eBay hacked: Details of 233 million accounts stolen
e 'Captain America': Samuel L. Jackson on Nick Fury's 'Winter Soldier' turn
t Russia calls off launch of newest space rocket Angara
b Family Dollar to cuts jobs, close about 350 stores
m West Africa Confirms 2 New Ebola Deaths
b Atmos Energy Stock Getting Very Oversold
b Dollar TWI slips from record on slower quarterly growth than expected
m Ebola outbreak in Guinea may spread to Liberia
e Get free tickets to 'Million Dollar Arm'
t Twitter introduces two new features to make photo sharing more social
b Germany Inflation Rattles ECB Nerves
b How the Dow Jones industrial average did Thursday
e Orlando Bloom refuses to tolerate Justin Bieber because he doesn't respect  ...
e Cinco de Mayo Bean Dip
t Iranian censor reportedly bans WhatsApp, calls Zuck a Zionist
t FCC boss Wheeler talks tough on net neutrality with Title II threat
t Amazon to buy live video game streaming site Twitch for nearly $1 billion in cash
e Potato salad man gets ridiculously rich
e Dozens of lost Warhol artworks discovered on Amiga floppy disks from the 1980s
t Code/red: Elon Musk, Rise of the Machines
e Ariana Grande Goes Bad? Drops F-Bombs During Live Show [Watch Here]
b Chesapeake Bay states sign onto new bay agreement
e Woody Allen Celebrates the Opening Night of His Musical 'Bullets Over Broadway'
m Many Alzheimer's cases 'avoidable' through lifestyle changes
b Why Fairholme Is Likely To Win Discovery In Fannie Mae Case
m ECOWAS sets up 'solidarity fund' to fight Ebola
e Powdered alcohol product claims to turn water into booze
e Justin Bieber all but confirms reconciliation with Selena Gomez
b Holder: no company 'too big to jail'
t Nasa's carbon-tracking satellite reaches orbit
t Kepler-10c: The planet that shouldn't exist
e Paul McCartney Cancels Asian Concert Tour Due to Viral Infection
e Check your brain at the door and enjoy this delightfully ludicrous spy film.
e The Doctor Will See You Now
t Survey: US gas prices up 10 cents per gallon in 2-week span
e Standup comic John Pinette dies at 50
e Chinese chicken cup fetches record £21m at auction
t Tesla's Musk Opens Up Tesla Patents to All Automakers
t Cash-rich Apple Inc. (AAPL) To Buy Swell
t Mars rover Opportunity breaks longest off-Earth driving record
e New York college to offer Miley Cyrus course
b Russian courts close 3 McDonald's branches in Moscow: agencies
b This Is When Interest Rates Will Rise... Here's What to Do
e (LR) Judd Apatow, Elliot Rodger and Seth Rogen. (REUTERS file photos)
b Australia shares rise 0.8 per cent , local jobs, China trade data support
b Post-Breach, Target Profits Decline Again
e Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez Together Again… at Coachella
b McDonald's giving out free coffee for limited time as fast-food breakfast rivalry  ...
m Almost half of Americans believe one medical conspiracy theory, says study
b Co-pilot 'uttered last words' from MH370
e Sofia Coppola to direct live-action The Little Mermaid movie
t Sony Xperia C3 totes 5MP soft flash camera for selfies
t Climate Change Adjustments Must Be Fast And Large, U.N. Panel Says
e Met Opera asks mediator to resolve labour gridlock
t T-Mobile US Continues Successful Attack in Q2
b Snapchat valued at $10 bln: reports
b Carney in firing line over guidance, forex probe, in this week in Europe
t Google Maps Gets Updated With Support for Android Wear Devices
t Rubik's Cube anniversary: Google marks 40th birthday with a doodle
b Kaepernick defends reputation
b Detroit Home Auctions, Starting at Just $1000, Begin in May
m 3 Things to Know About the Erectile Dysfunction Drug Cialis
t AMD Announces 2014-2016 Roadmap - 20nm Project SkyBridge and K12 64-bit  ...
t Cyberattack on federal government breached system holding personal data  ...
e 'Dawn of the Planet of the Apes' director Matt Reeves on the sequel's original  ...
m Oscar Pistorius only lost temper twice – agent
b Walmart Goes Organic Via Wild Oats Line
t Here's why Microsoft killed Nokia X Android phones
t Alleged HTC One mini 2 Spotted in Leaked Image With Coloured Accents
e 3 Dallas Deals for National Grilled Cheese Day
t Alcoa, GM, Tesla, OpenTable and Lululemon are big market movers
t LIVE: Catch a Glimpse of Halley's Comet Debris
t Galaxy S5 vs iPhone 5S vs Nexus 5
b Coalition poised to force strike over electricity sell-off to end
e Scooter Braun marries Yael Cohen in Canada
e UPDATE-How NJ Boy Scouts Saved Ann Curry
e Actress and Civil Rights Activist Ruby Dee Dead at 91
e 10 Things You Definitely Didn't Know About Shailene Woodley
m Young fathers at higher risk of developing depression symptoms
b Fed to reduce bond purchases, keep rates unchanged
b Economy gets jolt from auto sales and manufacturing
t 'Unstoppable' loss of West Antarctic Ice Sheet prompts sea-level warning
t Google Glass Enters Med School
e Funniest Mrs Doubtfire moments
e Gary Oldman takes to Jimmy Kimmel show to apologise again for defence of Mel  ...
e Coy Kim Kardashian and Kanye West giggle their way through date night in New  ...
m The Lancet: Sierra Leone researchers call for improved health surveillance and  ...
b Rolls-Royce hit as Emirates cancels major Airbus order
e Harrison Ford's injury could impact 'Star Wars' filming
b #Insideout, and why you should try it
m Emerging Pharmaceutical Technologies - Stem cells
m Flawed brain growth 'autism link'
b Citigroup to pay $7B to settle subprime mortgage case
b Boeing's Q1 revenue climbs 8 percent
t Aereo loses in Supreme Court, Barry Diller says “it's over now”
m Home » At TMV » Bill Calls For Adding ICD-10 Delay To Latest “Doc Fix”
b Sentiment Cautious Even Amid Positive Data
b Vodafone Group reports 3.4% year-on-year drop in organic revenues in FY 2014
t Apple, Google Can Pursue Smartphone Patent Cases, Court Says
e Miley Cyrus remains hospitalized, cancels another show
e Josh Murray Slams Nick Viall for Admitting He Slept With Andi Dorfman
b Quartz Daily Brief—Americas edition—Malaysia Air mystery, AbbVie-Shire deal  ...
t A new era dawns as Netflix begins 4K/UHD streaming
m South Korea's state health insurer sues Philip Morris for smoking damages
e ABBA members mark 40th anniversary of breakthrough hit 'Waterloo'
e Mickey Rooney's five top performances
b Crude oil jumps 2.2 per cent for the week
e Pitbull In A Veil: Eve Marries Mr. Gumball 3000 In Ibiza
b FAA says Boeing 787′s design, manufacture safe
b Canada Jobs Report Disappoints Again in July
e Tina Fey makes time for The Muppets
e How 'True Detective' explains Iowa basketball
e Kris Jenner 'Very Excited' for Kim Kardashian & Kanye West's Weekend Wedding
e 'Game of Thrones' Season 4 Spoilers Preview Jon Snow and Ygritte Romance  ...
e Paul Mazursky, director of Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice, dies at 84
e Floyd Mayweather and Rapper T.I. Get into Physical Brawl Over Instagram  ...
m Sierra Leone chief doctor dead of Ebola as two Americans get infected with  ...
e Jennifer Connelly & Russell Crowe Rule the Red Carpet at 'Noah' NYC Premiere!
t Microsoft: Xbox One Controllers Will Work On PCs When Drivers Become  ...
b US Warned Of Unsafe Airspace Over Crimea, But Not Where MH17 Crashed
e Kim Kardashian shows off major side-boob as she heads to lunch with Kanye  ...
b German deputy fin min greets court ruling on ESM bailout fund
e Fun In Paris: Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Edition
e Rolling Stones band members jam in Perth
t Anti Theft Kill Switch bill for smartphones approved by California Senate
b Allergan Formally Rejects Valeant's $46 Billion Takeover Bid -- 2nd Update
m Wow! Rare 'mono mono' twins hold hands after birth
b US stocks open lower; Yum Brands sinks
e Here Is Bow Wow Teaching Arnold Schwarzenegger How To Do The Nae Nae  ...
b European stocks push lower in cautious trade; Dax down 0.46%
m Blood Sugar Levels Tied to Anger Against Spouses: Study
t Apple Updates iTunes Festival App, Adds Channel to Apple TV
t Samsung Claims To Have Made A Major Graphene Production Breakthrough
m MRKH Syndrome: What It's Actually Like For Girls Born Without A Vagina
b AstraZeneca rebuffs Pfizer
m Dogs can sniff out prostate cancer in urine
e The Bachelorette 2014 Spoilers: Sneak Peek At Week 8 (PHOTOS)
m Study finds link between young dads and depression
e Jay Z and Beyoncé teaming up for stadium tour
t T-Mobile USA and MetroPCS to Offer Nokia Lumia 635 Windows Phone This  ...
e Cannes 2014 Lineup Revealed; Only Two Women Directors in the Main  ...
e Johnny Depp Subpoenaed: Woman Claims Possible Rendezvous Caused Murder
m Restaurants most common source of foodborne norovirus outbreaks
e Johnny Depp acknowledges engagement to Amber Heard
e JJ Abrams thanks Star Wars VII cast in handwritten note
e Wahlberg goes from teddy bears to Autobots
b America's Meanest Airlines 2014
t Google preps assault on smartwatch market with new Android SDK for wearables
b Disney acquires PewDiePie's YouTube video network Maker Studios
t Apple Innovation Overcomes Sapphire Shortcomings
m Does Diet Influence Seasonal Allergies?
e See Seventeen's 'Unapproved' Miley Cyrus Cover
b China manufacturing rises at fastest pace in over two years
t 'Kill switch' may soon be standard on U.S. phones
b Two central bank Events this week may change the tone
e 'The Voice' finale: Did Christina Grimmie, Josh Kaufman or Jake Worthington  ...
m WHO presents new framework to eliminate TB in 33 countries
e 'Game of Thrones': Jack Gleeson talks royal wedding shocker -- EXCLUSIVE
m Guinea ban sale and consumption of Bats amid ebola threat
m That salad may save your life
e 'Godzilla' helmer Gareth Edwards to direct first 'Star Wars' spinoff
e Benzino thanks fans for prayers after funeral shooting
e Barrymore can't save Sandler's 'Blended'
e Will Justin Bieber and Selena Tie the Knot Soon? Why this is a Bad Decision for  ...
m Tennessee Teen, Once Bitten, Now Scared of Brown Recluse Spiders
e Blues legend Johnny Winter found dead in hotel room
b Target asks customers not to bring firearms into its stores
e Scot with the ear of one of life's great minds
e JK Rowling gives readers a glimpse of post-Hogwarts Harry Potter in a new  ...
b SC unemployment drops to 5.7 percent in February
e Christie disagrees with Perry on gay comparison
b Gold price extends gains to 5-1/2 month high on safe-haven demand
t Google Now Warns You Of Traffic Before You Ask
b Microsoft reports Q3 revenues of US$20.4bn, cites cloud and Office 365  ...
m Jenny McCarthy: Pro Vaccination or Anti Vaccination
m Battling stigma
e More reports surface about Jay Z and Beyoncé's marriage
b Malaysian plane: Did captain or first officer commit suicide?
e Ann Curry Saved In Hiking Mishap By New Jersey Boy Scouts
e Chris Brown's Assault Trial Delayed For Months
e Angelina Jolie 'getting ready' for hysterectomy now?
t Google I/O 2014: What to expect from the tech developer conference
b US Postal Service Posts $1.9 Billion Loss
b Euro-Zone Business Activity Slows Slightly
t Seven Scary Facts About How Global Warming Is Scorching the United States
t Android 4.4.2 Update Xperia Z Guide: When to Hit Your Region and More
t Microsoft launches $70/year Office 365 Personal for Mac, iPad
t Summer Of Supermoons Starts Saturday
e Friday's Broadcast Ratings: NBC Tops the Holiday with "Macy's 4th of July  ...
b US RELEASES $450 MILLION OF FROZEN IRANIAN FUNDS
t Mayors To Vote On Climate Change Resolution
e Partners In Crime - Justin Bieber & Chris Brown Reunite In Studio For New  ...
m Opioid Prescriptions Vary by Location: CDC
b Current Mortgage Rates at HSBC Mar 22
e Secret Painting Found In Picasso Masterpiece
b TSX seen opening lower
t USPTO denies 'Glass' trademark to Google; the company challenges the decision
e Minority voters flexing muscle after Cochran win
t Controversial Weed Growing iOS Game Pulled from App Store
b House committee approves bill that would end door-to-door mail for 15 million  ...
b Coca-Cola sells more drinks but soda fizzles
e Watch the haunting trailer of 'The Killing' Season 4
e TVGN announces 'Rock This Boat: New Kids on the Block,' 'Big Brother: After  ...
e Movie Preview: Jay Baruchel lets inner Canadian out in 'Dragon 2′
e Shia LaBeouf released from custody
e Stephen Colbert's comedy causes Twitter storm
m Free drug samples for doctors may end up costing patients a lot: Study
e I'm done with period dramas, says Knightley
t Watch Dogs dogs you to watch this launch trailer
b Stocks soar; Nikkei retakes the 14000 mark
t Galaxy S5 vs HTC One M8 vs iPhone 5S: The Winner Is…
e Baby news! Chris Hemsworth's wife Elsa is giving birth to twins right now
b Don't sweat low volatility in this market: Insana
t New Cheaper Entry Level Apple iMac Launched
t Apple wants retrial, sales ban against Samsung
e Bodyguard of Chris Brown Found Guilty in DC Assault Case, Brown's Trial Set  ...
e What to Watch on Sunday: Few clues as the final season of 'Mad Men' starts
t Microsoft is thankfully too smart to listen to diehard Windows 8 fans
b Forex: Euro May Rebound in Quiet Trade, Offering a Short Trade Setup
e New moms Jenna Dewan Tatum and Kristen Bell pose naked for Allure's nudes  ...
t HTC Roadmap Leaked with Android 4.4.4 and Android L Plan for One M8/One  ...
t Microsoft relents on timing of Win 8.1 update
m World Blood Donor Day this weekend
e Southwest flight attendant's hilarious safety talk goes viral (with video)
m Villagers Stone Workers Tracking Ebola in Sierra Leone
e Proof Ryan Gosling is going to be the best dad ever
e Gregg Allman Files Suit to Officially Stop the Making of "Midnight Rider"
t Google and HTC preparing Nexus 8 to rival Apple's iPad Air
b BMW sees 'clear growth' in 2014 pretax profit
e Rick Ross's 'Mastermind' outfoxes Pharrell's 'GIRL' on Billboard 200
b Zebra Technologies to Buy Motorola Solutions' Enterprise Unit for $3.45B
m Choosing the best sunscreen
e Watch: Vin Diesel Says 'I Am Groot' in Different Languages
e Miley Cyrus' tour bus catches on fire while headed to New Orleans
t Mars hopefuls ponder life without families
e Links to Click: Emma Stone Covers Vogue, Terry Richardson's New Scandal
e Kanye West reportedly celebrates bachelor party
e Learn fireworks laws before celebrating
b Gold Edges Up from 3-Week Low as Imports by India Climb
b Target system glitch causes chaos at stores nationwide
e Growing Up Too Fast? Outrage As Willow Smith, 13, Is Snapped In 'Creepy  ...
b Williams to take over Access Midstream for $6 billion
e Sony releases 1st official trailer for 'FURY' starring Brad Pitt
t Paul Golden was also one of the people behind the "fanboys" campaign, now he  ...
t Millions of New Yorkers' data breached
t Ocean warming could weaken East Antarctic ice sheets
b Burger King Worldwide Inc (NYSE:BKW) Looks Forward to Buy Tim Hortons
e Kanye West Performs At Bonnaroo, Booed Off Stage? [Video]
e Paul Walker dead: Car crash that killed Fast & Furious actor due to speed, not  ...
b Major economies end Q1 on weaker note
m Sarepta's Roller Coaster Hits a High Point
b CORRECT: TRS shares soar 900% after Mega flags $210M listing
b GOP crafts health care alternative
t FCC's Wheeler Circulates Incentive Auction Item
t Tumblr update for Android declares war on boring profiles
b Wednesday's Top Health Care Stories: Valeant, Allergan, GlaxoSmithKline, and  ...
e Tracy Morgan no longer critical, upgraded to fair condition
t Seafood Waste: Fisheries Throw Away 20% Of Animals Caught In Nets
t Google Fit lets Android apps share your fitness data
t Aust action sought in climate report
m People with More Education May Recover Better from Traumatic Brain Injury
m With AIDS Vaccines, It's Not "If" But "How"
e Woman slammed over 'positive' abortion video
m West Nile aerial spraying starts tonight in areas south of downtown Sacramento
e Fascinating fact:
e WATCH: 'Game Of Thrones' Star Kit Harington Reveals He's Not Allowed To Cut  ...
e Family and friends of Peaches Geldof attend funeral
e NBC Cancels Community, Revolution, Growing Up Fisher, Believe and Crisis
e Coachella 2014: Set times posted, Julian Casablancas and Pixies added to line-up
m Hispanics have highest teen pregnancy rate in U.S.
e Dancer Who Lost Leg In Boston Marathon Bombings Performs On Stage At TED  ...
m Google, YouTube, iPhones and the Affordable Care Act are Featured in New  ...
t Heartbleed - teen charged
e Fatal shooting shuts down Cinco de Mayo parade in southwest Detroit
e Rob Kardashian ditched KimYe wedding because of weight? Contacts Lamar  ...
e Pharrell Williams joins panel of US version of 'The Voice'
e Lana Del Rey Debuts "Ultraviolence" Live
e Hangout Festival: Day one
e '50 Shades of Grey Movie' Could Be Tamer Than Expected, As First Footage  ...
e Kristen Stewart NOT In 'Snow White And The Huntsman' Sequel With Director  ...
e 'Scott was not planning company closure'
e 'Walking Dead' Season 4 Finale: Trapped at Terminus
m Outbreak of Salmonella infections related to sprouted chia seed powder
t NASA captures footage of huge solar eruption
e 'Mad Men' Returns Tonight, We Celebrate Jon Hamm's Love of Tight Pants  ...
e Actor Matt Damon uses toilet water to support ALS ice bucket challenge and his  ...
t XCOM: Enemy Unknown invading Android soon
b What the Amazon Phone Could Mean for Marketers
e 5 Reasons You Should Be Obsessed with Orphan Black
e 'Dancing with the Stars' champs Meryl Davis and Maksim Chmerkovskiy neither  ...
e Nduom's Easter message
e Full List Of MTV Video Music Awards 2014 Nominees
m Use Two Kinds of Bug Spray for Maximum Protection Against Ticks
e 'Godzilla 2' Already in the Works
t HTC to make last Nexus tablet: Nexus 9 release date, price and specs
e Kendall Jenner Gets Love From Kim Kardashian: Sisters Share Sweet Moment
b Why Is the Cost of Beef so High Right Now?
e Gov. Chris Christie and Jimmy Fallon do 'The Evolution of Dad Dancing' on 'The  ...
e George Clooney retiring from UN Messenger of Peace role after six years
e What Does Lindsay Lohan's "Ex List" Mean For Her Fragile Comeback?
t Destiny Modes Explained & Xbox One Visuals Improved Thanks to Lack of Kinect
t Trade-Ideas: Activision Blizzard (ATVI) Is Today's Post-Market Leader Stock
m Diabetes-Related Complications Down Over Past Two Decades
e JetBlue apologises after toddler urinates in plane seat because she was denied  ...
b New Chesapeake Bay Watershed Agreement signed
b Decision on Love Field gates has not been made, executives say
t VIDEO: UN Panel: Time Is Running Out To Stop Climate Change
e Met Gala 2014 Red Carpet Photos: Celebs Go Fierce With Their Dresses
t Earth-sized planet dubbed Kepler-186f may be best hope for life
e Captain America Officially Makes Marvel The Most Successful Franchise In  ...
t NetApp Leverages Microsoft Azure ExpressRoute To Sweat Those Enterprise  ...
m WHO warns of Ebola expansion beyond Africa
e Editorial: Living Jesus' life
e Dancing With the Stars Season 18 Finale, Best and Worst Performances
e ...or use this short link:
b US stocks edge lower as Russia tensions simmer
e 5 Casting Ideas For WWE Legends House Season 2
e Game of Thrones live stream: Watch The Laws of Gods and Men online
t Internet Explorer bug fix: Users advised to avoid Microsoft browser until official  ...
e Knife-wielding man arrested at 'GMA' studios, tells police he was there to 'kill  ...
b Congress Weighs Comcast-Time Warner Merger
b S&P upgrades Phl growth forecast to 6.6% this year
e BLOG: Game of Thrones delivers a brutal, awesome finale - with a twist!
m Blood Test Might Predict Who Will Develop Alzheimer's
t Apple, Google Can Pursue Smartphone Patent Cases, Court Says (2)
e Kate Winslet Honored With Star on Hollywood Walk of Fame
t Watch Dogs: QR Code Collectibles Locations Guide
b Today's Mortgage Rates at BMO Harris Bank Mar 12
e LeanIn.Org and Girl Scouts Launch "Ban Bossy" Public Service Campaign
t Galaxy S5 Goes on Sale in South Korea Leaving Samsung 'Very Puzzled'
m Terminally ill zoo worker says goodbye to giraffe
t Google Street View Enables Time Travel, Lets Users See Earlier Versions of Sites
b Last Call For Metro-North Bar Car
m ADHD Drugs Linked to Later Weight Gain in Kids
t We hate Facebook for reminding us it's so powerful
t The impact of global warming on in-house counsel?
b 'Candy Crush' maker King posts mixed results
t Nest Learning Thermostat claims 20pc energy savings
b Michael Lewis Accuses Big Bank Of Smearing His Name Over “Flash Boys”
e Lena Dunham's SNL Highlights With Liam Neeson, Fred Armisen, Jon Hamm  ...
b Dollar stays in lower 101 yen range in early Tokyo deals
m Fist bumps could cut down on germ transfer: study
b CRT Capital Lowers Smith & Wesson Holding Corp Price Target to $15.00 (SWHC)
e Editorial: Green beer is not Irish
b UPDATE 2-Euro zone inflation edges up, swift ECB action seen less likely
b Burger King's Gay Pride
t Study: Fossil soaring bird had huge wingspan
b AT&T earnings unchanged; revenue grows in 1st quarter, gains more than 1  ...
e Asia tributes to US radio icon Casey Kasem
b Weir-Metso merger could be 'very exciting', says Canaccord
t Nasa's 'Flying Saucer' Lands Back on Earth
e The Dream Arrested For Assault And Strangulation Of Baby Mama Lydia Nam  ...
b Nikkei falls as BoJ awaited; construction equipment makers hit
b Ford posts weaker-than-expected profit as warranty reserves rise
m Chia powder recalled over salmonella outbreak
b No Sign Missing Malaysia Plane Near Australia
t Web-hosting service gives the FCC a taste of the Internet slow lane (and you can  ...
m FDA proposes new rules for e-cigarette sales
b Men's Wearhouse To Acquire Jos. A. Bank Clothiers
e Gwyneth Paltrow Wants to Go Back to Brad Pitt Days?
b Pet treats from China pulled from shelves
e Are Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux Eloping to Mexico This Spring? (VIDEO)
t 'Destiny' is an epic space shooter, but it feels very familiar
m North-East public 'distrustful' of tobacco industry
t LG & Samsung's Android Wear Smartwatches Now Available In India
e Time For "Transformers: Age Of Extinction" To Prove Its Metal With Early Release  ...
e Arraignment Scheduled for "The Shield" Actor
e Metallica: 'Playing one of our songs is equal to eight Rolling Stones songs'
b EasyJet Reduces First-Half Loss Estimate on Mild Weather (1)
m Evansville metro area remains near bottom of well-being survey
e COACHELLA 2014: HAIM rocks the Outdoor Theatre
t T-Mobile Calls 'BS' on AT&T's New Promotion
b GM Expands Massive Recall To Include More Vehicle Model Years
b Federal Reserve says most major US banks can survive a market crash
m Now Trending: Dr. Oz scolded by US Senate for endorsing weight-loss products
t HTC One M8 priced and on sale on Vodafone,...
e Captain America
e Zara pulls shirt after shoppers note similarities to Nazi prison camp clothes
e ABC's Paul Lee Talks Diversity, Scheduling and Last Season's Stumbles
b Home sales continue to sag as busy season begins
b Wells, PHH 30 and 15 Year Mortgage Rates Thursday Apr 17
b Oil tanker train derails in Lynchburg, Va., triggering fire and spill
e Is Selena Gomez Getting Back At Justin Bieber With Orlando Bloom?
t Amazon Sees Appstore Gains
e Beyoncé, Jay Z And Solance Release Statement Regarding Elevator Scuffle
t Creepy, rare fish found in surf at NC island
e Miley Cyrus hospitalized, cancels Kansas City concert
b Gold concludes week in loss
t PC market won't stink as much this year, says Gartner
t Kia recalls nearly 52000 Souls
b Europe shares extend rally on M&A, ECB policy talk
e Stay out of the ER this 4th of July
e Video: Billy Joel and Jimmy Fallon Sing a Duet Using an iPad App
b Barclays to cut 7000 jobs, impact on UAE is not yet known
b Morning business news - April 24
e Brad Pitt and Matthew McConaughey pass a good time, and beer, in the French  ...
e 2014 Coachella Music and Arts Festival
b Burger King could buy Tim Hortons
t New cellphone anti-theft tools coming soon
t Intel architecture fuels new wave of Chrome devices
b Baseball star Rose speaks at Pa. church
m Study: E-cigarettes boost quitting success
b Google overtakes Apple as 'world's top brand' in terms of value
m Billions wasted on flu drug: researchers
t Ford lowers fuel ratings on hybrids and Fiesta, will reimburse customers
e SXSW 2014: As the A-listers descend on Austin, the little acts learn to relax
b New Direction At The Yellen Fed?
e 'Game Of Thrones' Season 4, Episode 1 Recap: 'Two Swords'
e Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice Spoilers, Speculations: Ben Affleck and  ...
e Rosie O'Donnell is officially returning to The View...
b ND joins Texas in million-barrel-a-day club
t Two NASA astronauts replace failed backup computer relay system during ISS  ...
t Microsoft's Titanfall Draws Crowd Around the Block at SXSW
e Lohan's list of famous lovers
m Stars including Chris Martin and Lily Allen back dementia campaign
e Khloe Kardashian Spotted at the Airport With Rumored Boyfriend French  ...
b US stocks end higher after wild swings
m Bariatric Surgery May Lower Risk of Uterine Cancer
t Amazon Smartphone A Positive Catalyst For The Stock
b Uber denied permit to provide ride-sharing services in Albuquerque
b Asian shares mixed, tech firms follow US peers down
b US Construction Spending Basically Unchanged in February
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Priced at Rs 51 500 in India
e Batman Arkham Knight has been delayed until 2015
e The Incredibles 2 And Cars 3 Are In Development At Pixar
t Facebook briefly 'broken' for users in several countries
t Microsoft to take the Windows out of Windows Azure
b UK Manufacturing: Job Creation Hits Three-Year High Amid Economic Recovery
b Ongoing 2014 New York International Auto Show- 2015 Toyota Camry unveiled
e Why the Kimye Vogue cover is great
e 50th Academy Of Country Music Awards Coming To AT&T Stadium
t Google integrates Uber with maps app
m Officials: 1.8M pounds of ground beef recalled
b European Uber protest headed for Trafalgar Square
b Central Texas Police Arrest Man for Credit Fraud, May Be Linked to Target Breach
b NZ dollar jumps on Fitch upgraded outlook
t Study On Zebra Print By UC Davis Professor Says Flies Cause Black and White  ...
m Cefaly, migraine headaches: Device worn on the head may prevent migraines
t See That Mustang in the Sky? 50 Years Ago, You Could Drive It
b Stocks rise as market heads for fifth straight quarterly gain
m US Alzheimer's rate appears to be dropping
t Attention gamers: Some of the biggest names in online gaming have been hacked
b London at a standstill but Uber claims taxi strike victory
t Apple's programming language Swift: 5 things to know
b Royal Caribbean announces technology for Quantum of the Seas
e Guard trampled at Miami's Ultra Music Festival has serious injuries
b Yahoo's tech workforce still mostly male
b Investigators eye aircraft controls in accident - KiiiTV.com South Texas, Corpus  ...
m CDC: Vaccine is best defense against measles
b Tighter Labor Conditions a Double-Edged Sword for Japan Economy
t Windows 7 SP1 downloads dry up at Microsoft distributor Digital River
m Ebola Virus Death Toll in Guinea Outbreak Rises to 70 People
t Review of Harley's electric motorcycle LiveWire: Fired up, amped out
m Fulfilling true promise of motherhood
t Honda, Mazda, Nissan Issue Recall Over Airbags
e Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin's 'conscious uncoupling' - a template for us all?
t Apple Unveils New Operating System, Makes Play To Become World's Digital  ...
t $100 in Bitcoin Going to Every MIT Undergrad
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 vs Samsung Galaxy S4 : Pick up the best one
e Supreme Court dubious about Aereo's low-cost TV, but wary that ruling could  ...
t Samsung launches Galaxy Tab S 10.5, 8.4 with AMOLED display
e Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber `together again`
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Hits Indian Markets Today – Price Rs. 51500/-
e Bob Geldof 'beyond pain' at death of daughter Peaches
e Zac Efron attacked
b European taxis cause chaos in app protest
b Trademark Dissent Blasts Non-Native American 'Experts' Claiming Redskins  ...
m Kids lead the way in kicking butts
m CDC updates NW Ind. MERS case
b Thunderstorms and fierce winds ground air search for MH370
b Justice Department to sue Citigroup after negotiations fails
e The Best and Worst-Dressed Men at the 2014 MTV Movie Awards
t HTC One Mini 2 press render appears online
e I bought the Amazon Fire TV, and I love it
t How to get £50 from Microsoft
b Yen Falls After Japan Current Account Data
e Here's a Peek at Ryan Gosling's Debut Film as a Director
t IPCC's global warning means it's time to get serious about protecting our oceans
b China says no 'clash' in sea row with Vietnam, urges talks
m Exposure to pesticides during pregnancy linked to autism
m Resources dampen fight against Ebola
t Harley Davidson indicates on a possible electric bike launch - Teaser video
e Judge Joe Brown arrested in Tennessee following court outburst
b Rupert Murdoch sets up sons to take over media empire
m Liberia confirms deadly Ebola virus
e L'Wren Scott Dead at 49 in Apparent Suicide
e Beyoncé wishes Kimye 'lifetime of unconditional love', but skips wedding
e O'Connor turns vamp to promote new album
b Thai satellite finds 300 objects at sea
e Who Got Voted Off Dancing with the Stars 2014 Tonight? Week 4
e Elton John and David Furnish want to marry in May, but as civil partners, they are  ...
b AstraZeneca CEO Pascal Soriot says Pfizer bid a threat to new drug pipeline
e Paul Stanley, Rock Hall inductee, to sign memoir at Bookends
b It's official: Fiat shareholders vote in favor of Chrysler merger
m Bat-eating ban enacted in Guinea to halt spread of Ebola virus
t Facebook Hashes It Out With a Brand in Public
e Security Guard Injured After Being Trampled at Ultra
e Here's why Frozen maybe wasn't that great of a movie
e Box office fireworks not likely
e It's the way you tell it - what media agencies can learn from Chris Martin and  ...
t Amazon plans to battle FTC over fines for in-app purchases
m Young Parents Use E-Cigarettes For Safety Reasons, Study
e Justin Bieber 'Overdosed on Sizzurp' — What Selena Gomez May Be Forced to  ...
e Rolling Stones Rally Behind 'Struggling' Mick Jagger
e Andrew Garfield and Emma Stone recommend charities to the paparazzi
e Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' studio apologizes for 9/11 PR gaffe
b Innovation in Regulation Turmoil
m CDC investigates ongoing salmonella outbreak linked to Chia products
e More fun for blonde Holly
e American Idol Finale: Caleb Johnson Triumphs over Jena Irene
e Will Ferrell battles Chad Smith in 'Tonight Show' drum-off 0
e Letter To Editor: 'The World Is Crucifying Justin Bieber'
t LG Joins Open Automotive Alliance, Takes on Connected Car Components Market
b Dollar gains after weaker US economic reports damp demand for greenback
t New Destiny developer diary focuses on armour, weapons and loot
e Our 10 Favourite Looks From The CFDA Awards
e Firefighters urge safety around fireworks
e Megan Fox Featured As April O'Neil In 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' First  ...
t Titanosaur Discovered In Argentina
e Ten Poignant Thoughts You'll Read on Chipotle's New Packaging
m Son of American Ebola patient says mom is 'fighting through it,' dad remains  ...
b MALAYSIA AIRLINES: Searchers relying on satellite data to find plane
e David Brockie: Autopsy Results Show The Gwar Frontman Died Of A Heroin  ...
b Weekly Jobless Claims Slip to 302K
t Neil DeGrasse Tyson To Science Deniers: 'Science Is Not There For You To  ...
b Fewer signing up for unemployment benefits
t 2 discoveries show solar system can still surprise us
m Alert level 2 up in 3 countries over Ebola
e Morrissey knocked over during performance, plays new songs
e 'It's puppy love!' Prince George looks lovingly at spaniel Lupo in newly released  ...
b Crude slides below US$103-a-barrel ahead of inventories data
e What to Do in Florence Besides Attend Kim and Kanye's Wedding?
b Kerry: Russia-China gas deal has no impact on Ukraine crisis
e Singer Chris Brown sentenced to a year in jail
t Google improving Google Translate with Word Lens app acquisition
b STOCKS CLIMB FOR 6TH STRAIGHT DAY: Here's What You Need To Know
b Irish Government rejects UN Rapporteur's recommendations on Corrib Policing
t US agency probes complaints that Nissan panels can trap foot, cause unwanted  ...
t Review – Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Top Phones: iPhone 5S, Galaxy S4  ...
e Trending today: Be in the next 'Star Wars' film; Teen stuns classmates with  ...
m Annual 'Hajj' Pilgrimage May Cause Spread of MERS Virus
e Eerie new trailer for The Leftovers (Video)
e Allegations Of Harris' Shocking Web Searches
b Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac: Then and Now
e Kate Middleton's mom and dad stand-in for baby George milestone
e US radio personality Kasem dies at 82
e Why North Korea Doesn't Find Seth Rogen Funny
t Net neutrality wobbles toward oblivion
b European stocks close lower
b Candy Crush Saga Maker King Aims $7.6 for Billion Valuation in IPO
b AbbVie-Shire Deal Expected, in a Flight to a Lower-Tax Locale
e Young Jeezy arrested after man killed at Wiz Khalifa concert
b Coca-Cola's 1Q profit dips, but more drinks sold
e Sir Paul McCartney cancels tour due to illness
m VA can fix system in two years, acting secretary says
e Has Chris Colfer been fired from 'Glee'?
t Google Starts Removing European Search Results For "Right to be Forgotten"
t Galaxy S3 users can update to the latest Android 4.3 Jelly Bean build Samsung
b French Oil Giant Total to Gauge Impact of Tougher Russia Sanctions
b Gold price below 2-month high, hovering above $1316 per ounce
e Miranda Lambert heads to 'The Voice'
t Facebook launches Nearby Friends feature for mobile
e 'The Walking Dead': Did the finale satisfy?
e Fox puts 'Idol' on diet, serves up 'Gotham'
m Forgotten vials of smallpox virus found
t Experts Point to Four Major Future Threats to an Unrestricted Internet
e “Magic School Bus” To Ride Again
e The Fannings vs. The Olsens: Which Are the Better Sisters?
m New disease spread by common “lone star” ticks in Florida
b Bank of America to pay $9.5 billion in mortgage security deal
t VIDEO: Burger King Baby finds birth mom, feels 'pure joy'
t Honda Announces a Massive Minivan Recall. Will Rivals Rejoice?
e GTA V dev sued by Lindsay Lohan
e Mila Kunis' 'Two and a Half Men' guest role revealed
e Charlie Sheen Vs Rihanna In Twitter War
b Dollar holds gains vs euro
e Mind uploading won't lead to immortality
b Japan will deny visas to 23 Russians over Ukraine crisis
e Lorde finally got to meet George Brett, the Royals star who inspired her global hit  ...
e Unseen Footage From 'Twin Peaks' Movie to Be Released in Upcoming Box Set
b Shorter-Dated Treasury Yields Hit 2014 High Ahead of Fed's Statement
t Samsung Graphene Breakthrough Makes Flexible Electronics Future Look Bright
e 'Twin Peaks' Fans Excited For New Blu-Ray Release With 90 Minutes of New  ...
e And People's Most Beautiful Is…
e Simon Cowell is loving chaos of family life
b Europe Losing Preeminence for Russian Gas Suppliers
e Kendal Jenner makes her haute couture catwalk debut for Chanel and sister  ...
t UC Davis Study Finds Zebras Have Stripes To Ward Off Blood-Sucking Flies
m Scientists think cats and dogs may be spreading MERS
b Credit Suisse guilty on US felony charge, pays $2.6 bn
e Chinese tourists buy 16pc of life insurance sold in Hong Kong
m S. Korean shares rise on higher Samsung stocks
e La Toya Jackson thinks Michael Jackson's life should be celebrated
e [WATCH] Arnold Schwarzenegger becomes obsessed with “the chopper” on QVC
b Valeant, Ackman Propose Allergan Deal -- 6th Update
e 'Scandal' Star Columbus Short: Wife Claims Actor Threatened to Kill Her  ...
e WATCH: The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies trailer
e Justin Bieber: Charged w/ vandalism for his egging incident
e 'American Idol' Season 14: 'Likely' just one night a week in 2015
e Why Kendall Jenner's so cool right now
e SHOTS FIRED Truvada Is For "Cowards," Says Larry Kramer
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West's wedding pictures finally revealed
b Egypt PM defends steep rise in energy prices
b Lake's unemployment rate jumps to 6.7 percent in January
t Facebook introduces puzzling new relationship Ask feature
e Adrienne Bailon clarifies comments about ex-boyfriend Rob Kardashian
t Nokia launches X2 — An Android device with dual-SIM support — for $135
t Report: Apple's iWatch expected in Q4 with a focus on health monitoring
t Sony Xperia Z2 won't be available from carriers in the US
e Disney's 'Frozen' Becomes Number 1 Animated Film of All Time!
e Keeping Up With the Kardashians: Kim Kardashian Reveals She's Having  ...
b Fiat Chrysler: Details Of New Models Surface Online
b ​Someone in San Francisco Hid Hundreds of Dollars for People to Find
t India rejects WHO report on Delhi air pollution
e Coachella 2014 rises as top music festival with OutKast, Lorde and Calvin Harris
b Report details business impacts of climate change
e Film Review: 'Guardians of the Galaxy"
e Katherine Heigl says she did too many rom-coms
b VIX, equities close little-changed
t VIDEO: Facebook Responds To Negative Reactions To Its Experiment On Users
e Zendaya Leaves Lifetime's Aaliyah Biopic
e Blockbuster flicks wait in the wings
e Marvel's 'Superior Iron Man' Turns Tony Stark into an App Developer
b Oil exports from Libya's eastern ports yet to restart
t New Comparison Test Shows Galaxy S5's Display More Efficient Than S4's
b Amazon's Fire Phone could fuel $2 billion in sales
e Zachary Levi And Missy Peregym Become Mr. & Mrs.
m Truvada Could Replace Condoms as Best HIV Prevention Tool: Drug Might  ...
t Ingenic Newton Chip To Power Android Wearables - Specs Revealed
e China Mourns Gabriel Garcia Marquez: 'A Kind of Spirit' Authors Should Learn  ...
m In Guinea,84 people died due to Ebola virus
b New Zealand House Prices Rise Faster In June
e TV star Rolf Harris jailed for sex assaults in Britain
e Community Movie Confirmed by Sony TV Exec Following Season Six  ...
e 'The Fault in Our Stars' Movie Review
b China And Russia Signs $400 Billion Gas Supply Deal
b Gulf Airlines Raise the Stakes in Luxury
e Robert Downey Jr to support son post drug possession arrest
e Lindsay Lohan: Mean Girls Reunion Is Coming
t Samsung Electronics Announces First Quarter Results
m Sitting down 'raises cancer risk'
t Friday Evening Business Brief
t Microsoft: We Don't Read Your Emails for Ads
e Film Review of the Week: Tammy
t Nintendo Wii U sales stagnant at 6.17 million units
e Michael Eavis: 'Electrical storm wouldn't have closed Pyramid Stage in the past'
b World stocks hold at all-hit time after bumper week
m Medicare pay data shock and anger many doctors listed as high earners
t Skylanders: Trap Team revealed, comes with 'talking' Traptanium Portal
t Xbox One's July system update introduces 'Achievement Snap'
e Lana Del Rey no longer dating Barrie-Jamies O'Neill
e Incredibles 2 in the works
e 'Sharknado 2' Explodes On Twitter, Is Syfy's Most Watched Original Film Ever
e Man makes spectacular music video during airport stay
b Uber Demonstrations Snarl Traffic From London to Berlin
b When world politics pull up to gas pump
b Business news in brief, 4/17
b Judge Decides Not to Order GM Cars Parked
t Global warming, climate change: 'Modest hope' to slow warming, but no 'free  ...
b This is the expensive car that nobody wants to steal
t GM to Seek Court Protection Against Lawsuits, Spending Cuts in France, Google  ...
e Weird Al Yankovic Gets "Tacky" In Pharrell Send-Up
m Scientists Use Electrostimulation to Induce Lucid Dreams
b Tesla stock down 7 per cent after dismal second quarter outlook
t Coming soon: A better, poison-free solar cell
e Robin Thicke has no idea what he's doing
b Sprint and T-Mobile agree to terms of merger
m FARCE: Omega-3 foods don't reduce blood fats, blood pressure, help heart
t Surface Mini coming soon? Microsoft sends out invites to a 'small' Surface event  ...
b CORRECTION Deutsche Bank posts 16-per-cent gain in quarterly profit
e the return of rosie 4:18am ET
b Everything we know about how Obamacare's March 31 deadline works
e If he cheats on Kim‚ it'll cost Kanye £6m
e Walt Disney Records Set To Release Academy Award®-Winning Composer  ...
b Two major pet store chains phasing out dog treats from China
b World Stocks Mostly Decline as Investors Await Fed
e Pharrell Williams to coach season seven of 'The Voice'
t Google reveals Android wearables SDK is imminent
b Target Boldly Announces New Old White Man CEO
t Intel announces new Bay Trail Chromebooks that promise better battery life and  ...
b Former Madoff aides found guilty of fraud
t eBay India asks users and merchants to change password after a breach by  ...
b Dick's Sporting Goods benefits from winter as 4Q profit rose 7%
b Twitter (TWTR) appoints Anthony Noto from Goldman Sachs as CFO
t Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs. HTC Butterfly S – Comparing the Performance of the  ...
e 'Transcendence': Can Johnny Depp rise above his recent misfires?
t Microsoft Launches Home-based Transparency Center, Unveils Encryption for  ...
t Ancient 'spider' images reveal eye-opening secrets
m United for Care gets the message about medical marijuana out in St. Pete
e Transformers: Age of Extinction review: They're back, they're big – and they're  ...
b US jobless claims at 7-year low, signal firming economy
m US healthcare ranks last among 11 developed nations, report says
e First Look at LA Kiss Field Design
b Pound Sterling to Canadian Dollar (GBP/CAD) Fluctuations Forecast, BoE in Focus
b SanDisk to Acquire Troubled Fusion-io for $1.2 Billion
t T-Mobile kills all overage charges for consumers
e A list of canceled and renewed TV Shows for 2014-15 (so far)
e Lindsay Lohan Discusses Latest Rehab Stint And Guidance From Oprah Winfrey
b Harsh Canadian winter bruises economy but rebound expected: OECD
b Winter wheat production in ND expected to be up from 2013
t Itsy bitsy spiders result in Kizashi auto recall
t Under fire: GM's CEO deflects hard questions
t New Device With Codename 'Flounder' is Spotted in Chromium Issue Tracker
e Jodie Foster is married! Who's her wife, Alexandra Hedison?
e 'Game of Thrones' premiere draws 6.6m
m UK reliant on imported sperm as donors dry up
e VOICE VIEWS: Kat Perkins scores another #1 rock hit for The Voice
e LDS Church celebrates Easter with 'Because of Him' initiative
b Turkey's Twitter Ban Backfires as Millions Find Workarounds
e Home WhatsOn ArtsEntertainment Nadine Gordimer, novelist who challenged...
e Supreme Court justices have their heads in the cloud(s)
t LIST: Automakers Impacted in Air Bag Recall
e Scout Willis goes topless for New York stroll in audacious protest against  ...
e Chinese FM expresses condolences over death of Garcia Marquez
e Watch: Miley Cyrus Collaborates With Flaming Lips & Moby On Strange New  ...
e Shia LaBeouf Led Out of Broadway Show "Cabaret" in Handcuffs
t John Oliver tries to make net neutrality sexy (VIDEO)
b Heartbleed breach at CRA could get worse
b WRAPUP 2-US jobless claims at 7-year low, signal firming economy
b Russia-China gas deal creates benchmark for global market
m Campaign against Ebola intensifies
t Biggest Takeaways from WWE Network Subscriber Numbers Announcement
b Preview: Money in the Bank ladder match for a WWE world heavyweight  ...
b Comex gold down 0.7% to USD 1327.2; silver falls 0.4%
b Billions in Fines, but No Jail Time for Bank of America
t HTC One M8 bests the Samsung Galaxy S5: All the specs and features
e Pretty Little Liars Season 5: Ali Is Her Own Biggest Threat, Says Sasha Pieterse
t Everything You Need To Know About Amazon's Fire Phone
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 rumoured specs: Could have 2K display, 20.1MP  ...
b Turkey under fire for banning Twitter
b Federal deficit dips to $506 billion in 2014, but debt continues to rise
b Gold Above 6-Week Low; Set For First Monthly Decline This Year
b Here's How Every Burger King Shareholder Can Save On Taxes
b 18, 108, 176? How many missing from landslide?
b Wal-Mart sues Visa for $5bn
t GM recalls 3.2M more cars for ignition problems as House hearings loom
b Oil price steady on quiet day for energy
b Akamai Withdraws Proposed Heartbleed Patch
t Rounded corners? Pah! Amazon's '3D phone has eye-tracking tech'
b $4.5B payment ordered in 'most expensive divorce in history'
e Mila Kunis Embraces Her Tiny Baby Bump On Stage In Her LBD At The MTV  ...
b American Apparel sacks founder and CEO
e Lady Gaga Gives Proper Goodbye to Roseland Ballroom with Rose Inspired See  ...
t New Sony Xperia C3 is all about the selfie
e Asheboro native cast as Anna in ABC's 'Once Upon a Time'
e 'Fault in Our Stars' book flying off shelves
t Apple Manufacturer Goes on Mass Hiring Spree Ahead of iPhone 6 Production
t Samsung has to pay Apple again according to a Federal Jury
e 'Transcendence' comes off like a clunky TED talk
b Disappointing Manufacturing Data Weighs On Wall Street - US Commentary
e Zack Snyder Offers First Look at "Batman vs. Superman" Batmobile
e Kim Kardashian FINALLY lands dream Vogue cover
e Beyonce, Jay-Z will earn $2.34m at Kim and Kanye's wedding
b Deadline Coming Up For Enrolling In New York's Health Exchange
m HHS: 15000 lives and $4.1billion saved by improved health care
t Ancient Impact May Have Flipped Our Moon on Its Side
b UPDATE: Stifel Reiterates on Oracle on Buying Opportunity
t GM offers $500 to owners of recalled cars that want a new one
t Local amateur radio enthusiasts gather for annual field day
m FDA warns consumers of the dangers of aspirin therapy
m Tequila ingredient agave could aid weight loss and insulin regulation
b Nokia's Shares Surge In Finland
b Taco Bell tests the upscale waters with new venture
b Asian shares cheer strong US data
t Kia Recalls Nearly 52000 Small SUV Souls
e Orphan Black S02E01: Nature Under Constraint and Vexed [recap w/spoilers]
t Microsoft Spreads Cortana Abroad
b Obamacare premiums to skyrocket
b Cornell is set to become Target's CEO on Aug. 12.
b Social Security drops debts older than 10 years
e Jonah Hill explains homophobic slur on Tonight Show: "I'm deeply sorry"
e L'Wren Scott left her estate to Mick Jagger
e Kanye West Slams Annie Leibovitz
t Cisco, Juniper Treating Gear Against Potential Heartbleed
e Mick Jagger posts moving onlne message after L'Wren Scott's death
b Road gouged by huge leak in Los Angeles water main
t Prince Charles likes it! Google Glass goes on sale in the UK for the first time  ...
t The Disruption Of The Wireless Service Providers
t Microsoft's Wearable Will Be More Of A Fitness Band, Paul Thurrott “Confirms”
e Bathing beauty Kim Kardashian cools off in daring see-through bathing suit as  ...
t French firm launches first Right to Be Forgotten service
b International Drilling Helps Halliburton Beat Estimates
b Ryanair introduces business class fares for first time
b Ford Motor Company Misses Earnings Estimates, Beats on Revenue; Stock Falls  ...
e Miley Cyrus postpones entire US Bangerz tour - see new dates
t Google bags music streaming and recommendation service Songza
e Nick Cannon's Whiteface Stunt to Promote New Album Sparks Racial Controversy
b Don't slap penalty for below minimum balance: RBI
t Test driving Google Maps 3.0.0
b Facebook Q1 results soar; CFO to step down
t ASTA celebrates Pollinator Week
e Dancing With The Stars Season 18 preview: contenders and pretenders
e Celine Dion Loved Richard Dunn's 'All By Myself' Airport Video
t Update Samsung Galaxy S4 i9500 to BAT ROM Android 4.4.2 KitKat - How to
b US Employment Rate Increases While Unemployment Dips To 6.1 Pct.
e Beyonce reveals secret wedding day clips during 'On the Run' tour
b Hillary Shares Secret Lunch With Obama at White House
b Washington becomes the next state to allow recreational pot shops with  ...
m 2 more OFWs in Saudi die of MERS-CoV—DFA
t In our new Gilded Age, antitrust laws are timely
m Johnson County named healthiest in Kansas for second straight year
e Watch Kim Kardashian Get Upset By A Man In Blackface Calling Himself Kanye
b Amaya Gaming (T.AYA) to acquire PokerStars and Full Tilt Poker for US$4.9  ...
e Recognise this famous Hollywood actress?
b Move Inc (MOVE) Earnings Report: Will It Move the Stock? Z & TRLA
e James Franco On Underwear Selfie: 'If You Don't Want To See It Don't Follow Me'
b Heartbleed bug: more attacks to follow
e LIVE CHAT TONIGHT: Dancing With The Stars Season 18 premiere, 8 pm ET
e Kanye West a Vampire? The Internet Makes Its Case
b PRC denies Uber a temporary permit
e The Hunger Games' President Snow addresses Panem in chilling new clip
b Gold Sinks on Fed Worries; Palladium Climbs on Supply Fears
b Mixed morning for Asian markets as Ukraine tensions ease
m First West Nile case confirmed in Texas
t Government correct in maintaining fourth carbon budget due to climate threat  ...
m Why are Saudis Kissing their Camels?
b June jobs report shows recovery is accelerating, US economy coming closer to  ...
b Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac post lower profits amid slowing home price
m The threats over NYPD's horizon
e Star Wars' George Lucas memorabilia museum to be built in Chicago
t Status Update: Facebook Back Online After World-Wide Outage
e Horse lovers protest outside Liam Neeson's apartment
t HTC Desire 816 vs. Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Specs And Price Comparison In  ...
e Ooh! Avril Lavigne's got a new music video out called Hello Kitty and she's gone  ...
e 'Star Wars Episode VII' Close to Casting Its Male Lead
m 'No sign of mental illness in Pistorius'
t Amazon challenges rivals with 3D 'Fire' smartphone
t BlackBerry Z3 smartphone is launched in Indonesia
t Snapchat's signature "delete" not so snappy, Federal Trade Commission alleges
e The Situation Arrested at Tanning Salon
e Gwen Stefani joins The Voice as season 7 coach
e Wait for it: Four reasons why How I Met Your Mother is the best show on TV
t Microsoft demos breakthrough in real-time translated conversations
t Climate Change Likely to Get Worse in the US, says Berkeley Lab Climate  ...
e GLOBAL: Starbucks To Expand Non-Coffee Offer; Aims For $100bn Market  ...
t Nike's Bid to Dominate Activity Tracking with NikeFuel
e Beyonce, Jay Z to tour together; Spider-Man is 'Jewish'; new 2 Chainz album: AM  ...
e Easter meal giveaway
b Ukraine urges Russia to help de-escalate crisis
e MTV Awards airs PSA exploiting Ferguson protests; ignores pre-party rap mogul  ...
t FCC Plans New 'Net Neutrality' Rules
b Traders will look Fed speech, developments in Iraq
e Lionel Richie Gets Lifetime Achievement At 2014 BET Awards
b Ackman: No Front Running On Allergan
e 'Sabotage' review: Schwarzenegger somehow better with age
e 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2' Blu-ray Up for Pre-Order!
e Jenny McCarthy engaged to NKOTB's Donnie Wahlberg
b UPDATE 1-US to face multibillion-dollar bill from climate change -report
m Breast cancer risk increased by recent use of some oral contraceptives
t Scientists make key Big Bang discovery
e First Look at Robert Downey Jr. on Avengers: Age of Ultron Set
t Five-year-old boy hacks into dad's Xbox Live account: Space...enter... w  ...
b The Fed Has Picked an End Date for Its Historic Stimulus Program
t Hackers using Find My iPhone to hold Apple devices ransom
e 'American Pie' Actor Jason Biggs Jokes About Flight MH370 While Commenting  ...
b UBS Net Rises 15% as Costs Fall; Settles German Tax Probe
e Ice Bucket Challenge Grows
m Two Americans Infected With Ebola Virus Returning to US for Treatment
b Earnings Scheduled For June 2, 2014
b New York Stock Exchange CEO departing
b FedEx indicted in drug probe
t Tesla Reveals Name Of BMW 3 Challenger
t New Robo-Fish May Be Able to Infiltrate Schools of Fish
e Another Reason Beyoncé Is Queen: The Star Tops the 2014 Forbes Celebrity  ...
e The Awesome Final Trailer For X-Men: Days of Future Past Delivers Story  ...
t Skype Now Comes with Real-time Translation
t Google Removes Robert Peston's BBC Article Because Someone Wanted It  ...
t Google's Nest unveils kit tie-ups
t Skype Translator Means Never Having To Learn Another Language Again
m Smell and eye tests show potential to detect Alzheimer's early
t Eruption risk reduced at Iceland's Bardarbunga volcano, but warnings remain
e Initial Details of "True Detective" Season 2 Finally Emerge
b Why Elon Musk Thought Tesla Would Fail
b BlackBerry to offer Amazon App store to users in next OS update
e First Look at The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1
e A new Michael Jackson album is being released in May (Picture: AP)
t Titanfall's Xbox 360 Version is “Great”, Says Microsoft
t Virgin Mobile Gets Serious About Smartphone Parental Controls
b Fiat Chrysler Plan Meets With Skepticism—Especially Making Chrysler a Star
b Maryland To Revamp Flawed Health Exchange
e Allison Williams Lands Lead in Peter Pan Live!
b Oil prices down in Asian trade
e 'Game Of Thrones': The Royal Wedding Spoiler!
t Cheerleader's Facebook posts of dead animals creating controversy
t Microsoft unveils Office software for Apple iPad
b Stocks drift at start of holiday-shortened week
m Healthy moms around the world give birth to 'similar' sized babies: study
m Confirmed cases of chikungunya virus climb in New York, New Jersey
e Paul Walker Asked Mom to Care for Meadow The Day He Died
m Fertility and Time: Does Age Really Affect Sperm Quality?
t Dr. Dre's Son -- My Billionaire Dad's Not Sharing ... And I'm Cool With It
t Aereo Vows to Continue to Fight for Consumers
b Google just threw Barnes and Noble a lifeline in its battle with Amazon
t Apple May Reintroduce Discontinued iPad 4 Alongside 8 GB iPhone 5c Tomorrow
m Insights Into How A Bird Flu Virus Spreads Could Prevent Pandemics
t Google's Nest pays $555M to acquire home camera maker Dropcam
e Batmobile Teased for Upcoming Batman Vs. Superman Movie
b Hong Kong H-shares down on weaker China financial sector
t Microsoft employee arrested for leaking secrets
m Jeddah hospital chief replaced amid Saudi MERS fight
b Burger King Cuts $11 Billion Deal to Buy Tim Hortons
e 2014 Billboard Music Awards Cutouts Trend: How to Rock the Look
e How I Met Your Mother series finale angers fans
m Who would have guessed? Sexting may be factor in sexual behavior by middle  ...
t NSA reportedly planned to use Facebook to infect millions of PCs with malware
e 'How I Met Your Mother' Comes to End
b BNP to Pay $8.9 Bln in Sanctions Case, Holder Says
t Jupiter's red spot is shrinking!
e Here's a Look at Superman From Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice
b Two dollar stores combining: Dollar Tree buys Family Dollar
t Facebook still won't say 'sorry' for mind games experiment
e 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' Movie: Why It Will Be Awesome
b AOL, Inc. (AOL) revenue hits $583.3 million for the quarter
e All aboard! Kim Kardashian dons clinging black dress for boat ride with Kourtney  ...
e Richard Gere dating Padma?
b Marathon Petroleum buys Hess stations for $2.87 billion
e Hollywood Has Run Out Of Ideas, So They're Making A Peeps Movie
b US dollar hurt by Janet Yellen's low rate stance, pound at 4-1/2 yr high
b Apache Corp Boss Doubts Company's Exit From Kitimat LNG Will Impact  ...
b Ukraine fighting intensifies after presidential election
e Whose husband did Kim sleep with?
t BlackBerry Sends a Breakup Letter of Its Own to T-Mobile
e 'American Idol': Caleb Johnson Wins Season 13
b Report: Ukraine president proposing cease-fire
t Microsoft: Xbox Live Outages 'Not A Titanfall Issue'
e Pull the other one Kim
b Views From The Turnbuckle: Money In The Bank Preview, Predictions And More
m Obesity is expensive, US study finds
b Tokyo District Court extends deadline for Mt. Gox investigation
e Jimmy's Hall, Cannes Film Festival - review: 'Ken Loach has made a sumptuous  ...
e Ireland's wedding-singer priest an Internet hit 'Frozen' tops Billboard chart for 4th  ...
b Michael Lewis On '60 Minutes' Says Stock Market Is Rigged
b Feds grant "threatened" status compromise for lesser prairie chickens
b Deficit Forecasts Shaved, But Likely Won't Shrink Much Longer
b Fitch Teleconf: Portugal Affirmed at 'BB+', Positive Outlook; 11 April; 15:00 BST
b Carney tells UK rates may rise this year
b Gold Rises As Investors Move Away From Equities
t Google conference seeks to expand reach into lives, homes
t Crows solve puzzles on par with 7-year-olds
b Burger King-Tim Hortons: Is Canada becoming a corporate tax haven?
t Summer Infant Expands Recall to Replace Video Monitor Rechargeable  ...
b Tranquility in Crude Repels Chaos-Loving Investors in Exchange-Traded Products
t US to witness total lunar eclipse on April 15 before dawn
b New York to Probe High-Frequency Trading
e BEST And WORST Dressed: MTV Movie Awards 2014
e Justin Bieber tells racist joke in old footage - video
e Naomi Campbell's reaction to Kimye Vogue cover: LOL
b Draghi's desperate bid to prop up euro
e 'The Mockingjay lives!' Beetee hacks into President Snow's Panem address in  ...
t Google Looks at Wi-Fi for Fiber Cities
e Mad Men Scouting Report: Reviewing the First Half of Season Seven
e More Japanese Xbox One Games In Development, Applications for ID@Xbox  ...	http://www.gamepur.com/news/15488-more-japanese-xbox-one-games-development-applications-idxbox-are-every.html	Gamepur	t	dkWNcdUBfwURMjMn2vv2oJJy4k58M	www.gamepur.com	1405708685335
288420	Mitsubishi Heavy Industries offers to buy 10 percent stake in Alstom: report	http://www.taipeitimes.com/News/biz/archives/2014/06/16/2003592862	Taipei Times	b	dZLzu9NYqhjLa0MOF0iO3NciLnhAM	www.taipeitimes.com	1402861145883
307588	GE set to win battle for Alstom	http://www.constructionweekonline.com/article-28785-ge-set-to-win-battle-for-alstom/	Construction Week Online	b	d1a1IIfiPMpFXEM0ReWPpcyvnBu6M	www.constructionweekonline.com	1403535737921
349413	FOREX-Dollar gains on upbeat US private sector jobs data	http://in.reuters.com/article/2014/07/02/markets-forex-idINL2N0PD26B20140702	Reuters	b	d1gpqsIu2qkadyM320qZrV7FIFUcM	in.reuters.com	1404381991434
61560	FTC: Fandango, Credit Karma Apps Didn't Protect Users' Info	http://www.fool.com/investing/general/2014/03/28/ftc-fandango-credit-karma-apps-didnt-protect-users.aspx	Motley Fool	t	dxoEq4FSvlO0soMKpHgsWn1DYuu3M	www.fool.com	1396071836683
127849	Google's first-quarter results miss analyst targets as company's mobile ad  ...	http://www.dailyjournal.net/view/story/31c84046f45a4fae8501f0c333dcb642/US--Earns-Google/	Daily Journal	b	d1CA2zsSJnQ-76MDbeRGYi-m_WPZM	www.dailyjournal.net	1397760169307
103480	Khloe Kardashian Not Taking Lamar Odom's Calls (Report)	http://www.eurweb.com/2014/04/khloe-kardashian-not-taking-lamar-odoms-calls-report/	Eurweb.com	e	diZrKDjXzDYF7ZMZLEaUdwN1E52IM	www.eurweb.com	1397298183646
99068	MTV Unveils Contents of 2014 MTV MOVIE AWARDS Talent Gift Bags	http://www.broadwayworld.com/bwwtv/article/MTV-Unveils-Contents-of-2014-MTV-MOVIE-AWARDS-Talent-Gift-Bags-20140410	Broadway World	e	dU4oPIhZ5xHyOLMiPA-FGzcPlnk4M	www.broadwayworld.com	1397240562629
317047	Etihad welcomes latest graduates from its innovative development programme	http://www.arabianaerospace.aero/etihad-welcomes-latest-graduates-from-its-innovative-development-programme.html\?utm_source=googleNews&amp;utm_medium=organic&amp;utm_campaign=news_feed	Arabian Aerospace	b	d7eHg5a3VJNOEgMQyrRrhl4nWoWFM	www.arabianaerospace.aero	1403772413869
420121	Report: Gigantic 12.9-inch iPads Are Coming Next Year	http://www.gizmodo.in/news/Report-Gigantic-12-9-inch-iPads-Are-Coming-Next-Year/articleshow/40950778.cms	Gizmodo India	t	dhgRw7yaeRHmUjMNHxwoPnElbooIM	www.gizmodo.in	1409209588268
291001	Top Morning News: Sony Corp (ADR) (NYSE:SNE), Actavis plc (NYSE:ACT  ...	http://www.gaininggreen.com/top-morning-news-sony-corp-adr-nysesne-actavis-plc-nyseact-raytheon-company-nysertn-medtronic-nysemdt-covidien-plc-nysecov/1237150/	Gaining Green	b	dkVrGeBL6LUxoFMkWmoNQDP9EPNUM	www.gaininggreen.com	1402932196108
111048	'Hunger Games,' shirtless Efron, Kunis baby bump highlight MTV Movie Awards	http://www.today.com/entertainment/hunger-games-shirtless-efron-kunis-baby-bump-highlight-mtv-movie-2D79524899	Today.com	e	dZzicVR_bvCJYFMk1LFUOBLlD4i9M	www.today.com	1397459812800
196938	Australia shares falls on miners, eke out gain for week	http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/05/09/markets-australia-stocks-idUSL3N0NV05A20140509	Reuters	b	dBD1pQ5gjbMGZHMP-h534ccjeVMTM	www.reuters.com	1399626623489
368658	iPhone 6 September Release Date and Unveiling Confirmed Once Again	http://global.christianpost.com/news/iphone-6-september-release-date-and-unveiling-confirmed-once-again-122842/	Christian Post	t	dSrhp8EaF5XWAOMDdviPUjyeL_fKM	global.christianpost.com	1404830562625
304246	Kanye West's Groomsmen: ALL Dating Kardashian Look-Alikes!	http://www.thehollywoodgossip.com/2014/06/kanye-wests-groomsmen-all-dating-kardashian-look-alikes/	The Hollywood Gossip	e	d6YxcE79pJ_0tiMRWbOCbd8q2yX_M	www.thehollywoodgossip.com	1403137679510
127734	Protein Essential For Sperm And Egg Fertilization Discovered	http://www.hngn.com/articles/29039/20140416/protein-essential-for-sperm-and-egg-fertilization-discovered.htm	Headlines \& Global News	m	d3Vrd4YjOpWYtkM_Y73vkmUob7imM	www.hngn.com	1397718184105
329838	Excessive boozing accounts for 10 percent of deaths in working-age Americans	http://theweek.com/article/index/263867/excessive-boozing-accounts-for-10-percent-of-deaths-in-working-age-americans	The Week Magazine	m	dHCc3ZtH5ZNOe6MktRs9ZOFi5PmtM	theweek.com	1403942388010
174464	Sony Xperia Z2 Canada launch soon, pre-orders now live on Bell	http://www.mobilenapps.com/articles/10140/20140424/sony-xperia-z2-canada-launch-soon-pre-orders-now-live-on-bell.htm	Mobile \& Apps	t	dK_ScM6DkuS6ujM6azhrwkGVPdVcM	www.mobilenapps.com	1398873144469
130764	Jenny McCarthy engaged to Donnie Wahlberg	http://www.ontheredcarpet.com/Jenny-McCarthy-engaged-to-Donnie-Wahlberg---see-her-engagement-ring-/9505729	OnTheRedCarpet.com	e	dwzckesHgUh50MMY68Xv5UweB6ZvM	www.ontheredcarpet.com	1397776712351
343104	Rolf Harris turned Australians' pride to shame	http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2014/jul/01/rolf-harris-turned-australians-pride-to-shame	The Guardian	e	dDsxKp53X_zwmAMi7AjUKRsNW45YM	www.theguardian.com	1404257513495
74223	Google+ now shows the number of times your profile or content has been  ...	http://phandroid.com/2014/03/31/google-plus-update-profile-views/	Phandroid.com	t	dXdR_6I4NteYZVMw1FKodCFamMzlM	phandroid.com	1396348265699
189001	AOL Extends Programmatic Leadership with Attribution Modeling in Deal to  ...	http://www.virtual-strategy.com/2014/05/06/aol-extends-programmatic-leadership-attribution-modeling-deal-acquire-convertro	Virtual-Strategy Magazine \(press release\)	b	dDDMVzdUvh2NLMMtU_wiUQSQZJAxM	www.virtual-strategy.com	1399500703520
264212	Google highlights the lack of diversity in tech by publishing its own stats	http://www.engadget.com/2014/05/28/google-diversity-data/	Engadget	t	dzuqI0HZr4KLQcMB4W9obmKOtg59M	www.engadget.com	1401357509798
147918	Dancing with the Stars 2014 Predictions: Week 6 – Who Goes Home?	http://realityrewind.com/dancing-with-the-stars-2014-predictions-week-6-who-goes-home-3526200/	Reality Rewind	e	dv8nH-Y_7XReqXMurt83aNZXus7VM	realityrewind.com	1398167772714
406761	Reno may have hit jackpot with Tesla Gigafactory lottery	http://www.sfgate.com/news/article/Reno-may-have-hit-jackpot-with-Tesla-Gigafactory-5660962.php	SFGate	t	d_6CT2UjnUp12gMtzr7_n0kjjW_VM	www.sfgate.com	1406860194794
402495	HTC press event for August points to Nexus 8	http://www.mobileburn.com/23209/news/htc-press-event-for-august-points-to-nexus-8	Mobile Burn	t	djJ8GIKzNBacjVMp664yoq9GwGOWM	www.mobileburn.com	1406789331507
315612	Etihad takes 49% stake in lossmaking Alitalia	http://gulfnews.com/business/aviation/etihad-takes-49-stake-in-lossmaking-alitalia-1.1351971	gulfnews.com	b	day6I3-7mhZqIDMPsKxAcZAOktzSM	gulfnews.com	1403707486758
233552	Indianapolis native wins The Voice	http://www.wndu.com/news/indiana/headlines/Indianapolis-native-wins-The-Voice-260093191.html	WNDU-TV	e	dQjvTS6qjB4483MfSME4AozLIhf-M	www.wndu.com	1400705085263
192567	Philippines Says Poaching Arrests Not Aimed at China	http://online.wsj.com/article/BT-CO-20140508-706744.html	Wall Street Journal	b	dNon3QbHmjev9RMZBV7iFz3EK5TRM	online.wsj.com	1399561501869
283727	TweetDeck Is Back, XSS Vulnerability Fixed [UPDATE]	http://www.valuewalk.com/2014/06/tweetdeck-hack/	ValueWalk	t	dTuhEl2p3B7dnPM1uxMsPkiho_lcM	www.valuewalk.com	1402744404665
272492	Euro zone business growth eases in May despite firms cutting prices	http://www.theglobeandmail.com/report-on-business/international-business/european-business/euro-zone-business-growth-eases-in-may-despite-firms-cutting-prices/article18981978/	The Globe and Mail	b	dLLmuV7pAbIxUoM_GdCJpbx_o3WvM	www.theglobeandmail.com	1401882928359
306921	Red Hat ups revenue forecast	http://www.cnbc.com/id/101772451	CNBC.com	t	dmqtZapyMbMUzCMFgIYAqRAv8IVAM	www.cnbc.com	1403201092841
185308	Meet Alibaba's Jack Ma	http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/on-leadership/wp/2014/05/06/meet-alibabas-jack-ma/	Washington Post \(blog\)	b	dmJfQanhaPIgMrMN3aaiwPtCMSmVM	www.washingtonpost.com	1399438841395
358547	New 'Doctor Who' teaser hints at Davros' return	http://www.hypable.com/2014/07/04/new-doctor-who-teaser-hints-at-davros-return/	Hypable	e	dc7rtRti_XdMbEMQTTdCaChXsVi2M	www.hypable.com	1404532674712
410279	UPDATE 1-Mobileye shares jump 58 pct in bumper debut	http://in.reuters.com/article/2014/08/01/mobileye-ipo-idINL4N0Q750L20140801	Reuters	b	dd8oMnvGtwOdKnMONhKiWRoj6uZEM	in.reuters.com	1406927464546
197378	Behind Alibaba IPO is an unlikely China success story	http://tech.firstpost.com/news-analysis/behind-alibaba-ipo-is-an-unlikely-china-success-story-223265.html	Firstpost	t	dKppHJH3n92PnuM8aNn1w2dPkylJM	tech.firstpost.com	1399629781925
35287	Iran building giant fake US Navy aircraft carrier	http://indiandefence.com/threads/iran-building-giant-fake-u-s-navy-aircraft-carrier.44446/	Indian Defence	b	dldwDH4Q7cLxixMqB0dSMZRKLJbNM	indiandefence.com	1395619512704
292034	'Angry Birds' launching 'Transformers' game: 'Birds disguised as robots in disguise'	http://www.zap2it.com/blogs/angry_birds_transformers_game_rovio_hasbro-2014-06	Zap2it.com \(blog\)	e	dtsDl9gM4blc-2MVJZ85bf7DjCROM	www.zap2it.com	1402942868930
228268	Sideshow: Will Kanye welcome sex-vid $$$?	http://www.philly.com/philly/entertainment/celebrities/20140520_Sideshow__Will_Kanye_welcome_sex-vid_____.html	Philly.com	e	dPq2eZpLsBVI39MzcKIInKv_a3KYM	www.philly.com	1400647371954
121654	Jobless total falls by 6000 in Wales to stand at 6.8%	http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-wales-27049037	BBC News	b	d_ApBIiYhmZMCGMVvLCDPZnw1ChSM	www.bbc.co.uk	1397646714839
114442	Banksy strikes again! Secretive graffiti artist sprays £500k mural on home close  ...	http://swns.com/news/banksy-sprays-mural-home-cheltenham-close-british-spy-centre-gchq-47562/	SWNS	e	dcBt4tU0L52iiTMQ4rip8YRmnr9xM	swns.com	1397518331959
122092	Samsung Galaxy S5 fingerprint scanner hacked	http://www.v3.co.uk/v3-uk/news/2340156/samsung-galaxy-s5-fingerprint-scanner-hacked	V3.co.uk	t	drCpDugYR8v0b_MXjCSKejZRflhuM	www.v3.co.uk	1397648428549
113064	GOOG: Google Buys Solar-Powered Drones Maker Titan Aerospace	http://investorplace.com/2014/04/goog-google-dronesr-titan-aerospace/	Investorplace.com	t	d23b-2X7Q4Lq7RMjBGB8ROob_lxMM	investorplace.com	1397513023750
140084	Bryan Singer Is Being Distanced By Fox & ABC After Sexual Abuse Allegations  ...	http://perezhilton.com/2014-04-19-bryan-singer-x-men-director-canceling-appearances-molestation-accusations	PerezHilton.com	e	df1xq0HmEv1vT0MdNZ37IHj0mRQPM	perezhilton.com	1397949632918
387640	Ukraine airspace 'could be closed'	http://www.shropshirestar.com/news/uk-news/2014/07/17/ukraine-airspace-could-be-closed/	shropshirestar.com	b	dLIkfTlxDackGzMY7XjuIZPk5uVWM	www.shropshirestar.com	1405620931179
282036	Citigroup Faces $10 Billion DOJ Mortgage Deal Demand	http://news.investors.com/business/061314-704636-citigroup-justice-department-mortgage-deal-negotiations.htm\?ref=HPLNews	Investor's Business Daily	b	dy17RieIfeVeBHMIMbu4OMnmW207M	news.investors.com	1402733262083
105409	U.S. Weekly Jobless Claims Drop To Nearly Seven-Year Low	http://www.rttnews.com/2300358/u-s-weekly-jobless-claims-drop-to-nearly-seven-year-low.aspx	RTT News	b	d4-74Tn9K1nWyHMUyOmzGYAniANTM	www.rttnews.com	1397347336333
172934	According to a flurry of recent rumors, Kendall Jenner and Justin Bieber are in  ...	http://perezhilton.com/cocoperez/2014-04-28-justin-bieber-kendall-jenner-selena-gomez-calvin-klein-ad-campaign-rumors/	PerezHilton.com	e	dFXtL6lz5yh_I9MX3a4zodKcvkSiM	perezhilton.com	1398856066452
159990	Google social chief Vic Gundotra steps down	http://www.ketknbc.com/news/google-social-chief-vic-gundotra-steps-down	KETK	t	dDJkjPmSLl4bcKMd2p1G_d4jqB7KM	www.ketknbc.com	1398398888282
279593	Tender treatment: Josh Boone adapts John Green's teen romance 'The Fault in  ...	http://www.filmjournal.com/filmjournal/content_display/news-and-features/features/movies/e3i4bd9578116adef0d01fd19665046c05d	Film Journal	e	d6gvNZSb4XfZc4Mu_LM_scaSHr47M	www.filmjournal.com	1402677208400
12567	Alibaba says IPO plan remains unconfirmed	http://www.ecns.cn/business/2014/03-16/105069.shtml	ecns	b	dOOSaC3dQLzj6BMGq5Tso8w3ywZgM	www.ecns.cn	1395054402156
297053	$1 Billion For Mortgage Origination Practices To Be Paid By SunTrust	http://www.your-story.org/1-billion-for-mortgage-origination-practices-to-be-paid-by-suntrust/19422369/	Your-Story.org	b	d-xLhpdOiG8XSUMa0kaFqguU3qKiM	www.your-story.org	1403065525117
320322	Demi Lovato gives advice to fans in 'Seventeen' magazine 0	http://www.lfpress.com/2014/06/24/demi-lovato-gives-advice-to-fans-in-seventeen-magazine	London Free Press	e	dkdegl98lEqf8QMCBSDqQGZGr2QGM	www.lfpress.com	1403797278478
45494	Madonna will direct movie, 'Adé: A Love Story'	http://pagesix.com/2014/03/26/madonna-will-direct-movie-ade-a-love-story/	Page Six	e	de2-5iK4pFPJ4vMREqA0zj1NznL1M	pagesix.com	1395830043177
66702	Apple and Samsung renew patent battle in US court...	http://www.newvision.co.ug/news/654040-apple-and-samsung-renew-patent-battle-in-us-court.html	New Vision	t	dTxhEuMBdn3RUCMnAv4kEsA7mDBeM	www.newvision.co.ug	1396181078748
412158	The lobbying fight behind Argentina's debt default	http://www.washingtonpost.com/business/economy/the-lobbying-fight-behind-argentinas-debt-default/2014/08/07/887bc480-1caf-11e4-ab7b-696c295ddfd1_story.html	Washington Post	b	dii-GnqNIs1QcLMPVLXur7g3PmIcM	www.washingtonpost.com	1407510863474
292413	8 'Game of Thrones' Characters Primed to Take the Iron Throne	http://mashable.com/2014/06/16/game-of-thrones-season-4-finale/\?utm_medium=feed&amp;utm_source=rss	Mashable	e	dtLtt-IeRy0OVEMd9WiAB4ox5AM7M	mashable.com	1402945415669
124950	Yahoo! Up 7%: Alibaba Upside in Focus; Street Likes Search, Display Trends	http://blogs.barrons.com/techtraderdaily/2014/04/16/yahoo-up-7-alibaba-upside-in-focus-street-likes-search-display-trends/\?mod=BOLBlog	Barron's \(blog\)	b	dw8S5c0f3hcW4BMfCLSoYGeKP8HYM	blogs.barrons.com	1397704350714
13903	Northeast Greenland Glaciers Melting Faster Than Anticipated: Study	http://www.thealmagest.com/northeast-greenland-glaciers-melting-faster-than-anticipated-study/11270	The Almagest	t	dpBHooDWKTXM0yMu77lW-S8DuG0OM	www.thealmagest.com	1395061142698
257765	Robert De Niro opens up about father's sexuality	http://wonderwall.msn.com/movies/robert-de-niro-opens-up-about-fathers-sexuality-1816536.story	Wonderwall	e	dZvZZrArzwoD3qMdJXEcgKE8_xBHM	wonderwall.msn.com	1401236015302
137264	Japanese officials gorge on whale meat to protest hunting ban	http://voiceofrussia.com/news/2014_04_16/Japanese-officials-gorge-on-whale-meat-to-protest-hunt-ban-4452/	The Voice of Russia	t	dBlg8M1Tc52iJXMUO86uQ6UJqxC7M	voiceofrussia.com	1397891576893
247306	Florence getting ready for the big marriage	http://www.your-story.org/florence-getting-ready-for-the-big-marriage-419821	Your-Story.org	e	d3C-5RtPIEBKmMMny1vco8N9-aINM	www.your-story.org	1400937270087
325396	Michael Bay's robotic epic louder and more explosive than ever	http://www.arabtimesonline.com/NewsDetails/tabid/96/smid/414/ArticleID/207201/t/Michael-Bay%E2%80%99s-robotic-epic-louder-and-more-explosive-than-ever/Default.aspx	Arab Times Kuwait English Daily	e	dC_oJ7bqiVUHtdMcB2U1Hvx_z5ghM	www.arabtimesonline.com	1403872390905
225982	Platinum extends gains on 17-week strike	http://www.bdlive.co.za/markets/2014/05/20/platinum-extends-gains-on-17-week-strike	BDlive	b	dF5bW8bFaCOF4XMOT6PobLBIeklNM	www.bdlive.co.za	1400634192323
279743	Wal-Mart truck crash hits amid effort to amend hours-of-service rules	http://www.thecitywire.com/node/33455	The City Wire	e	dy9HybZ2B3ex5UMGBe29FIqh817hM	www.thecitywire.com	1402679420448
118269	Anti-Google Glass violence gets political in San Francisco	http://www.thevine.com.au/life/tech/anti-google-glass-violence-gets-political-in-san-francisco-20140415-279959/	The Vine	t	dX86eajDK5SoUxMfDxSXQX42-3w9M	www.thevine.com.au	1397584665634
48398	HTC's One (M8) is the most powerful phone in the world – but not the version  ...	http://bgr.com/2014/03/26/htc-one-m8-benchmarks-2-5ghz-tests/	BGR	t	dtrwBSe3r7m608MhX7j3pXTLfPeAM	bgr.com	1395883804781
345618	Few strings attached to GM victim money	http://money.cnn.com/2014/07/01/news/companies/gm-victim-money/	CNNMoney	t	dH4LAhQfHe6ej5MnRSCeYVK69BxdM	money.cnn.com	1404316352647
379532	Feds to review Ga. Medicaid backlog	http://beta.mirror.augusta.com/news/government/2014-07-15/feds-review-ga-medicaid-backlog\?v=1405413417	McDuffie Mirror	m	d_fPPa35mZtsqpM0o8GY7u6XaAydM	beta.mirror.augusta.com	1405443795115
330093	8 companies that pay above minimum wage	http://nypost.com/2014/06/27/8-companies-that-pay-above-minimum-wage/	New York Post	b	dsqL_Ftffhd4fNM6bd6SkWfp0xxrM	nypost.com	1403985931022
237980	Gazprom: China, Russia sign 30-year gas deal	http://www.nbc11news.com/internationalnews/headlines/Gazprom-China-Russia-sign-30-year-gas-deal-260112671.html	KKCO-TV	b	dsRPIzRD3noD3KMiA_ckpFaeGC9JM	www.nbc11news.com	1400813509981
208539	Allergan says, 'No, thanks' to $46B bid	http://thedailyrecord.com/2014/05/12/allergan-says-no-thanks-to-valeants-46b-bid/	Daily Record \(subscription\)	b	dzvg47oBo7aKbXMhmEXX3NvBP_mLM	thedailyrecord.com	1399973139389
228292	Lana Del Ray to charge six-figure sum to perform at Kimye's wedding	http://www.business-standard.com/article/news-ani/lana-del-ray-to-charge-six-figure-sum-to-perform-at-kimye-s-wedding-114052000375_1.html	Business Standard	e	dPq2eZpLsBVI39MzcKIInKv_a3KYM	www.business-standard.com	1400647379173
82841	Toby Kebbell cast as Fantastic Four's Doctor Doom	https://uk.movies.yahoo.com/toby-kebbell-cast-fantastic-four-doctor-doom-012700360.html	Yahoo Movies UK	e	dXHA9ETtGFIROIMd1bD8azN-azhRM	uk.movies.yahoo.com	1396442327510
103691	EXCLUSIVE: Sinister Six and Venom Movies Will Arrive Before Amazing Spider  ...	http://www.denofgeek.us/movies/spider-man/234610/exclusive-sinister-six-and-venom-movies-will-arrive-before-amazing-spider-man-4	Den of Geek \(US\)	e	dRABY7gee_DvnyMzvKTMy503xqsLM	www.denofgeek.us	1397298846390
262417	Deadly skin cancer on the rise in Canada	http://www.thespec.com/news-story/4543446-deadly-skin-cancer-on-the-rise-in-canada/	Hamilton Spectator	m	dB6Uqfss42HI-EMmLj9C3jQI7c-VM	www.thespec.com	1401305574748
181331	Coca-Cola to remove flame-retardant chemical from all its drinks	http://myfox8.com/2014/05/05/coca-cola-to-remove-flame-retardant-chemical-from-all-its-drinks/	myfox8.com	b	dn4NkZd2wIo8EWMABydtos_gNGWxM	myfox8.com	1399374478282
163818	Dollar under pressure on rising Ukraine tension	http://www.forexfactory.com/news.php\?do=news&amp;id=481397	Forex Factory	b	dC9ETVy3LdO5BIMOFh1tWsika234M	www.forexfactory.com	1398461584714
401218	NLRB says McDonald's can be considered joint-employer	http://www.marketplace.org/topics/wealth-poverty/nlrb-says-mcdonalds-can-be-considered-joint-employer	Marketplace.org	b	dVHK1NwbYZuSB-MZayQWVGdNouSYM	www.marketplace.org	1406778006464
1176	Bitcoin exchange files for US bankruptcy	http://au.finance.yahoo.com/news/bitcoin-exchange-files-us-bankruptcy-232906456.html	Yahoo\!7 News	t	dUtPmDoOKHwco0M4wh2hZy-Sx5CrM	au.finance.yahoo.com	1394499868553
194333	Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Impose Strict Limits on Wedding Guests	http://www.wetpaint.com/kim-kardashian/articles/2014-05-07-kanye-west-wedding-guest-strict-limits	Wetpaint	e	dKpBJ9x0LO9dFOMvR0aNemATGECSM	www.wetpaint.com	1399569406647
290506	June 16 Premarket Briefing: 10 Things You Should Know	http://www.thestreet.com/story/12743642/1/june-16-premarket-briefing-10-things-you-should-know.html	TheStreet.com	b	dusKr1wwmrLixCMllnrVDO4buog3M	www.thestreet.com	1402925774083
126743	DC Teases The Flash Series Characters in Arrow Clip	http://www.411mania.com/movies/news/319742/DC-Teases-The-Flash-Series-Characters-in-Arrow-Clip.htm	411mania.com	e	djLdeTwAX8Lsi1M2OM1gMWZnGK0GM	www.411mania.com	1397713172592
386254	'Planet of the Apes' features fantastic visual effects	http://www.the-dispatch.com/article/20140716/LIVING/307169977/-1/sports\?Title=-Planet-of-the-Apes-features-fantastic-visual-effects	Lexington Dispatch	e	dg1oEqkwu3pgVxMlU7dETV69aCIBM	www.the-dispatch.com	1405576808778
344609	ADP: Small Businesses Add Over 40% of New Jobs in June	http://smallbusiness.foxbusiness.com/legal-hr/2014/07/02/adp-small-businesses-add-over-40-new-jobs-in-june/	Fox Business	b	deu40OMDcMQK_iM3u46our_nd-T7M	smallbusiness.foxbusiness.com	1404309340975
145722	Mad Men: Is This the Woman Who Can Save Don Draper?	http://www.theatlantic.com/entertainment/archive/2014/04/mad-men-the-woman-who-can-save-don-draper/360952/	The Atlantic	e	dWxddJCladLhbUMcFPpNMZrNy1ooM	www.theatlantic.com	1398112534948
159695	A year from Rana Plaza factory collapse, employers told to pay up	http://www.ekklesia.co.uk/node/20449	Ekklesia	b	dVSyQTtV6UtRCTMcxhoiVo9jFnNdM	www.ekklesia.co.uk	1398396037205
389732	Chris Brown-Drake ESPYs Skit Spoofs Feud With Help From Dr. Blake Griffin	http://www.thehollywoodgossip.com/2014/07/chris-brown-drake-espys-skit-spoofs-infamous-nightclub-fight/	The Hollywood Gossip	e	dPlYECY0lLhKZ6MpXga-1x3Vku1PM	www.thehollywoodgossip.com	1405649326408
40686	Ashton Kutcher and Mila Kunis expecting a baby	http://www.nhregister.com/arts-and-entertainment/20140324/ashton-kutcher-and-mila-kunis-expecting-a-baby/1	New Haven Register	e	dGJjpbd8pTvlgpMrzYqUericToePM	www.nhregister.com	1395763548492
415403	MTV VMAs dominate on Twitter	http://www.nydailynews.com/entertainment/tv/vmas-dominate-twitter-article-1.1916381	New York Daily News	e	dvOd5HbJXx6GwjMNT6O3asE_sPupM	www.nydailynews.com	1409019962805
122494	National Titanic Remembrance Day 2014: Top 15 Fascinating Facts You  ...	http://www.ibtimes.co.in/articles/548262/20140415/titanic-remembrance-day-2014-history-facts-information.htm	International Business Times, India Edition	t	d37pliSU1vAYjgMNvWoSdyym__ZcM	www.ibtimes.co.in	1397649815693
238621	AirTran's final flight scheduled for December	http://kdwn.com/2014/05/22/airtrans-final-flight-scheduled-for-december/	KDWN	b	dHKUJ1EnzheTZ5M23FM5yq2N0iK6M	kdwn.com	1400820105275
197891	From pedaling mayors to sampling local brews, Kalamazoo Bike Week May 10  ...	http://www.mlive.com/news/kalamazoo/index.ssf/2014/05/from_pedaling_mayors_to_local.html	The Kalamazoo Gazette	t	dlmgy7I2lk4y6LMABHR2941yHvHBM	www.mlive.com	1399632784157
261413	Sydenham's Rolf Harris admits he admired a 13-year-old's body	http://www.thisislocallondon.co.uk/news/11241364.Sydenham_s_Rolf_Harris_admits_he_admired_a_13_year_old_s_body/	This is Local London	e	dUcexdx7yt8dJBMgaiRI2x0DuxykM	www.thisislocallondon.co.uk	1401299204237
305234	People Who Buy an Amazon Fire Phone Will Get Free Unlimited Photo Storage	http://time.com/2895616/amazon-fire-phone-camera-photos/	TIME	b	du-1bLu6hjI-CbM2f51YYbHc8JZGM	time.com	1403187211337
311071	Austria pleads for South Stream pipeline	http://www.euractiv.com/sections/energy/austria-pleads-south-stream-pipeline-303010	EurActiv	b	dL7V8gVWmRPlC6M0Q6x28YiOLqezM	www.euractiv.com	1403633616053
281035	Actress and activist Ruby Dee dies at 91	http://www.jsonline.com/blogs/entertainment/262902481.html	Milwaukee Journal Sentinel \(blog\)	e	duy-eYWM3GLFeSMMy0nIYRevb4tbM	www.jsonline.com	1402688447882
84910	Samsung Galaxy S5 Gets Praise for Anti-Theft Security Features ahead of Global  ...	http://www.ibtimes.co.in/articles/546808/20140406/samsung-galaxy-s5-antitheft-features-praise-whitehouse.htm	International Business Times, India Edition	t	dN8ABqyR8QOFSdMOGzK6FLKh0cniM	www.ibtimes.co.in	1396874605454
22326	Disney Reveals New 'Star Wars' Details, 'Incredibles 2'	http://blogs.wsj.com/speakeasy/2014/03/18/disney-reveals-new-star-wars-details-incredibles-2/	Wall Street Journal \(blog\)	e	dABGVITQs6X1I4MdYGnX9zY59PpVM	blogs.wsj.com	1395234980932
216948	China Evacuating Citizens as Vietnam Deters Anti-China Protests	http://www.businessweek.com/news/2014-05-18/china-evacuating-citizens-as-vietnam-deters-anti-china-protests	Businessweek	b	d690COzrYc_CgTMSG3masGYpZrKhM	www.businessweek.com	1400444379539
339266	French bank BNP Paribas fined $8.9 billion for violating US sanctions	http://www.radioaustralia.net.au/international/2014-07-01/french-bank-bnp-paribas-fined-89-billion-for-violating-us-sanctions/1335822	Radio Australia	b	dfIEH7jh6gu3BeMpJs-5IJQZuR-SM	www.radioaustralia.net.au	1404220599791
295109	Indiana Among States Leading In Gas Prices	http://www.wbiw.com/state/archive/2014/06/indiana-among-states-leading-in-gas-prices.php	WBIW.com	t	dGb9LyWta7TLUnMOM87d1eNsRfloM	www.wbiw.com	1403009571795
185118	GDP could recover to 5.7% in 2015, says OECD	http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/economy/indicators/gdp-could-recover-to-5-7-in-2015-says-oecd/articleshow/34757095.cms	Economic Times	b	djYdAphw5jDBdqMzI96Ssguo2rdAM	economictimes.indiatimes.com	1399437407788
29266	Twitter ban sparks outrage in Turkey ahead of key polls, even President  ...	http://www.financialexpress.com/news/twitter-ban-sparks-outrage-in-turkey-ahead-of-key-polls-even-president-abdullah-gul-protests/1234853	Financial Express	b	drWjpn6_UzSkmiM_9qWYJe3-LIGPM	www.financialexpress.com	1395504329324
88317	Obama, Comcast, and Crony Capitalism	http://townhall.com/columnists/kerritoloczko/2014/04/08/obama-comcast-and-crony-capitalism-n1819934	Town Hall	t	dKjF8q-8ZX7fmtMQua3uBoQ3koxhM	townhall.com	1396932831555
49604	'Consciously Uncouple': Chris Martin and Gwyneth Paltrow Are Doing It. Should  ...	http://blogs.wsj.com/speakeasy/2014/03/26/consciously-uncouple-chris-martin-and-gwyneth-paltrow-are-doing-it-should-anyone/	Wall Street Journal \(blog\)	e	dUav1xOMUQmAFmMVbYiah89xKisyM	blogs.wsj.com	1395887313960
99251	Does Miley Cyrus' hairdresser mind that Miley is basically naked?	http://www.holymoly.com/celebrity/pictures/does-miley-cyrus-hairdresser-mind-miley-basically-naked69080	Holy Moly\!	e	dFA6Pex-ZX47b4M1wbyvVnYiTz13M	www.holymoly.com	1397241792202
339241	Click here for: Tuesday, July 1	http://www.talkradionews.com/for-immediate-release/2014/07/01/click-tuesday-july-1.html	Talk Radio News Service	b	dfIEH7jh6gu3BeMpJs-5IJQZuR-SM	www.talkradionews.com	1404220591661
64715	2 Russians, American arrive at space station a day late	http://www.dispatch.com/content/stories/national_world/2014/03/28/2-russians-american-arrive-at-space-station-a-day-late.html	Columbus Dispatch	t	dYrHqpOfl6W-GHMH9OKeMo5MDxvLM	www.dispatch.com	1396128684282
105939	Create strong passwords to dodge Heartbleed bug	http://www.business-standard.com/article/news-ians/create-strong-passwords-to-dodge-heartbleed-bug-114041100589_1.html	Business Standard	t	dDpIr_euYbnCgBM4LHQnbQj_FJ43M	www.business-standard.com	1397348887208
277748	Tesla Motors	http://abcnews.go.com/Business/elon-musk-gain-giving-teslas-patents/story\?id=24111407	ABC News	t	dJSnmhEIrn7EetM3PeLGI2rkc1LCM	abcnews.go.com	1402664760908
161178	Apple Promises “Better” Future	http://www.ballerstatus.com/2014/04/22/apple-promises-better-future/	BallerStatus.com	t	d2i7_EwdFzvLsCM7RDFwyr4bMtuYM	www.ballerstatus.com	1398404932849
252012	HBO's 'Normal Heart' difficult but rewarding	http://www.recordonline.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article\?AID=/20140525/COMM/405250301	Times Herald-Record	e	d8fAVHlMflF8jLME1ZjVxyFbD8AOM	www.recordonline.com	1401111697115
24777	eBay Inc (EBAY) News: Icahn wants PayPal IPO	http://www.bidnessetc.com/21282-ebay-inc-ebay-news-icahn-wants-paypal-ipo/	Bidness Etc	b	dk6y3_aZG019RyMue5rnjOjxIwl3M	www.bidnessetc.com	1395319450427
360018	Google makes U-turn on deletion of link about ex-Merrill boss O'Neal	http://www.finextra.com/news/fullstory.aspx\?newsitemid=26238	Finextra	t	dBsCww-oJpj76tMdkYN5GlSkwmBeM	www.finextra.com	1404583996537
382884	Judge blocks enforcement of state law on abortion funding pending resolution of  ...	http://www.greenfieldreporter.com/view/story/581e8d4d6bbe49639baf44795a313275/AK--Abortion-Funding	Greenfield Daily Reporter	m	diFWzA_tIiulKdMYDEf7bqBbsmrFM	www.greenfieldreporter.com	1405511051329
156109	Euro factory surveys rise as price weakness persists	http://www.business-standard.com/article/international/euro-factory-surveys-rise-as-price-weakness-persists-114042400024_1.html	Business Standard	b	dWRyJdD6XIB_OYMqdCPjs-p5KsN3M	www.business-standard.com	1398336120169
249939	A.M. Best Rates Berkshire Units, Shares Rise	http://www.zacks.com/stock/news/134629/am-best-rates-berkshire-units-shares-rise	Zacks.com	b	dgJ4Jj5z1gfCUlMSsAb4EF36Nf4AM	www.zacks.com	1401040572025
305399	Amazon share price: Fire Phone arrives	http://invezz.com/news/equities/11588-amazon-share-price-fire-phone-arrives	iNVEZZ	b	du-1bLu6hjI-CbM2f51YYbHc8JZGM	invezz.com	1403187263772
233356	Six Iranians arrested for making fan video of Pharrell Williams' 'Happy'	http://myfox8.com/2014/05/21/six-iranians-arrested-for-making-fan-video-of-pharrell-williams-happy/	myfox8.com	e	dsgu_qcwMTXqMVMKBXGiRXf0C4r7M	myfox8.com	1400703532688
181279	Coke to drop controversial ingredient from all beverages	http://www.vindy.com/news/2014/may/06/coke-to-drop-controversial-ingredient-fr/	Youngstown Vindicator	b	dn4NkZd2wIo8EWMABydtos_gNGWxM	www.vindy.com	1399374462000
180079	Studies find 'young' blood rejuvenates aging mice; research could hold clues	http://www.news-journal.com/news/nation/studies-find-young-blood-rejuvenates-aging-mice-research-could-hold/article_0c95bbc8-99cf-5944-b284-b1834eb922d1.html	Longview News-Journal	m	dTfcxQB6t3H2-5MmLMIAMTMZooydM	www.news-journal.com	1399326303488
361862	Gold hovers below 3-month high: report	http://www.deccanchronicle.com/140703/business-market/article/gold-hovers-below-3-month-high-report	Deccan Chronicle	b	d_mZVJVxnpbhSHMQwLHGiy8pzEPFM	www.deccanchronicle.com	1404641323818
375115	Brian Williams loves 'Bachelorette' as much as you do	http://marquee.blogs.cnn.com/2014/07/09/brian-williams-loves-bachelorette-as-much-as-you-do/	CNN \(blog\)	e	dQtaEjSHisZNWqMXwjP8SHpwENx0M	marquee.blogs.cnn.com	1404975091301
223566	UK inflation rises more than expected to 1.8 % in April	http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/international/business/uk-inflation-rises-more-than-expected-to-1-8-in-april/articleshow/35381368.cms	Economic Times	b	d85sZg0ywivMs2MRloSfmtitXaKsM	economictimes.indiatimes.com	1400578883706
200268	Kellogg to stop labeling some foods ''all natural''	http://www.domain-b.com/companies/companies_k/Kellogg/20140509_food.html	domain-B	b	dBxHiGAbnZnOFHMxilMqLBX4bnb7M	www.domain-b.com	1399686881276
260055	Hackers targeting iPhone and iPad users	http://www.local10.com/news/hackers-targeting-iphone-and-ipad-users/26202946	Local 10	t	diB7RQ1ci_8vxNMfWKdgVi9uvsCJM	www.local10.com	1401291996020
417391	Fewer Painkiller Deaths in States With Medical Pot	http://www.webmd.com/mental-health/addiction/news/20140825/fewer-painkiller-deaths-in-states-with-medical-marijuana-study	WebMD	m	dgSqv0C9Kd-923MIJwZWpVRSCvkPM	www.webmd.com	1409036521694
421838	Will 'Full House' Be Getting A Revival?	http://www.andpop.com/2014/08/27/will-full-house-getting-revival/	andPOP	e	dhFmu9xyXITYXjM6uIQiJXAfDUTHM	www.andpop.com	1409222358479
212303	Vietnam groups call for more...	http://www.rappler.com/world/regions/asia-pacific/58266-vietnam-china-protest	Rappler	b	dqs7XmgHyoVndfMqMxxv0Zk_zZgoM	www.rappler.com	1400373227988
322100	Barclays sued for fraud over 'dark pool' trading	http://main.omanobserver.om/\?p=90984	Oman Daily Observer	b	dM-ntgv7SrwWPPMeryzQ1lmeo_qlM	main.omanobserver.om	1403849554750
108272	2014 MotoGP, Grand Prix Of The Americas Qualifying	http://paddocktalk.com/news/html/story-248170.html	PaddockTalk	t	dBsA-UzGMmu6TcMDqzMrUubAPuJ4M	paddocktalk.com	1397403161953
100846	MOH to study negative findings on Tamiflu	http://www.todayonline.com/singapore/moh-study-negative-findings-tamiflu	TODAYonline	m	dk_vhtrqQFe_dsMiuthEDcCIhr-YM	www.todayonline.com	1397248947709
278810	Facebook expands users' ad targeting profiles	http://technology.canoe.ca/News/2014/06/12/21736051.html	CANOE	t	dz-vndKsbeT76OMiaj1-CmF_kurHM	technology.canoe.ca	1402672153151
282664	Amaya Gaming to buy Full Tilt Poker for $4.9 billion	http://www.rte.ie/news/business/2014/0613/623524-amaya-poker-rational/	RTE.ie	b	dOAe51_vBGbVjJMmLaPN87_74U2eM	www.rte.ie	1402737405048
80355	Book-keeping under lens	http://www.telegraphindia.com/1140402/jsp/business/story_18144905.jsp	Calcutta Telegraph	b	d80TjEemAhW18OMzRFagYuDvsaiVM	www.telegraphindia.com	1396430643340
326231	Thursday Morning Rundown	http://www.restonnow.com/2014/06/26/thursday-morning-rundown-34/	Reston Now	m	dlWTYTZGn7moyZMZmcwmnKTFdwxMM	www.restonnow.com	1403876822634
111173	Watch: First Clip from 'The Fault in Our Stars' Starring Shailene Woodley and  ...	http://upandcomers.net/2014/04/13/watch-first-the-fault-in-our-stars-clip-shailene-woodley/	Up and Comers	e	dy-ri9vkrUeqBXMS8XYiExILC_zqM	upandcomers.net	1397460517821
51201	Pending Home Sales at 30-Month Low	http://247wallst.com/housing/2014/03/27/pending-home-sales-at-30-month-low/	24\/7 Wall St.	b	d4eFXc5VxpTiGWMq-lA_AUa1Z47EM	247wallst.com	1395949706103
355559	Big Brother 2014: First Eviction of BB16 Recap with Ian Terry	http://robhasawebsite.com/big-brother-2014-bb16-live-eviction-1-recap-july-3-cbs-review-joey-van-pelt/	Rob Cesternino Has a Website \(blog\)	e	dE8Nuhgu1srrEyMueY9c6s2R9Zo9M	robhasawebsite.com	1404470012628
365317	Emma Stone & Andrew Garfield Take a Boat Ride with Taylor Swift!	http://www.justjaredjr.com/2014/07/06/emma-stone-andrew-garfield-take-a-boat-ride-with-taylor-swift/	Just Jared Jr.	e	dT7ciJeyu2SlYlMAj_hLbWpD8xZ9M	www.justjaredjr.com	1404762380438
235647	How Nadella changed Microsoft in just 3 months	http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/panache/how-nadella-changed-microsoft-in-just-3-months/articleshow/35459930.cms	Economic Times	t	dSW75O38169skOMujLvn1r9I7AsYM	economictimes.indiatimes.com	1400760007442
302378	Fed further slows bond purchases	http://www.advisor.ca/news/economic/fed-further-slows-bond-purchases-156566	Advisor.ca	b	d-c3-0ZECRZrTBMvPm23ip9QUxhlM	www.advisor.ca	1403119544940
107614	Booze brands in pop lyrics may spur teen drinking	http://www.kulr8.com/story/25216066/booze-brands-in-pop-lyrics-may-spur-teen-drinking-study-says	KULR-TV	m	dhSE28961KwhG7MiM4mCm2MaOirIM	www.kulr8.com	1397357070675
207221	Longevity gene may boost brain power	http://www.rdmag.com/news/2014/05/longevity-gene-may-boost-brain-power	R \& D Magazine	m	djFOdQKQYaT3ctMdFu55EgvU-DW8M	www.rdmag.com	1399926381783
212788	TrueCar Auto-Buying Website Raises $70 Million in US IPO	http://www.businessweek.com/news/2014-05-15/truecar-auto-buying-website-raises-70-million-in-u-dot-s-dot-ipo	Businessweek	b	dtQjybvzC_I9HqMp5h0bIcDq97_qM	www.businessweek.com	1400376973291
280956	District attorney rejects felony case in Bieber cellphone incident, refers it to city  ...	http://www.startribune.com/entertainment/music/262930711.html	Minneapolis Star Tribune	e	dy7Z6HxJ83Ph_rMZ1Dz1KmNAz8-tM	www.startribune.com	1402687752972
144043	George RR Martin: Spoilers on King Joffrey Death; Tyrion Lannister, Sansa Stark  ...	http://www.theepochtimes.com/n3/632089-game-of-thrones-spoilers-george-r-r-martin-on-king-joffrey-death-oberyn-martell-theon-greyjoy-tyrion-lannister-ramsay-snow-sansa-stark/	The Epoch Times	e	dfFDZYDU9ABqQlMMcLG3HAk-XJ-yM	www.theepochtimes.com	1398059091317
212892	Wal-Mart makes gains in cutthroat grocery sector	http://www.theglobeandmail.com/report-on-business/wal-mart-gains-in-grocery-but-same-store-sales-slip/article18707213/	The Globe and Mail	b	dmRpYEWXwL9-LpM-nDxSTdZU2RvhM	www.theglobeandmail.com	1400378409369
62916	'Once Upon a Time in Wonderland' series will not see a renewal	http://www.hypable.com/2014/03/28/once-upon-a-time-in-wonderland-cancelled-by-abc/	Hypable	e	d7cx67r4C6-_CTMQ7FoJ0UB9iuYPM	www.hypable.com	1396078678965
310759	GBP/USD: David Miles Highlights His Willingness To Vote For An Interest Rate  ...	http://www.actionforex.com/analysis/daily-forex-fundamentals/gbp%10usd:-david-miles-highlights-his-willingness-to-vote-for-an-interest-rate-hike-before-his-departure-from-the-boe-20140624218609/	Action Forex	b	dJYrU4d_nNpMYnMei_tSXU84-UBPM	www.actionforex.com	1403631502221
154363	Stephen Colbert Delivered His Own Top 10 List Last Night	http://www.papermag.com/2014/04/morning_funnies_23.php	Papermag	e	dA9D-Q3pXOIC_xMM8x7dOcRVpH5uM	www.papermag.com	1398283938056
96947	Google Next Generation Wearable Technology Under Heavy Competition  ...	http://www.jobsnhire.com/articles/9402/20140411/google-next-generation-wearable-technology-under-heavy-competition-against-rival.htm	Jobs \& Hire	t	dlylq3eIUFBkLeMW1V32EB0r_jDgM	www.jobsnhire.com	1397230671549
332735	BET Awards 2014 Live: Where to Watch Red Carpet, Pre-Show and Awards  ...	http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/bet-awards-2014-live-where-watch-red-carpet-pre-show-awards-night-live-stream-online-1454604	International Business Times UK	e	dAKSEPZbgNs8kNMb7N-i6yeJtqb_M	www.ibtimes.co.uk	1404091817051
119305	The Official Trailer For 'Gone Girl' Is Finally Here, And It Looks As Chilling As The  ...	http://www.businessinsider.in/The-Official-Trailer-For-Gone-Girl-Is-Finally-Here-And-It-Looks-As-Chilling-As-The-Book/articleshow/33781776.cms	Businessinsider India	e	dplR3ISnkkn9qbM8zYnygjzuPNkfM	www.businessinsider.in	1397591790937
114193	With $41.4M, 'Captain America' holds off 'Rio 2'	http://www.aikenstandard.com/article/20140414/AIK0401/140419666/1031/with-414m-captain-america-holds-off-rio-2	Aiken Standard	e	diik267lGxUDARMa0xOrZcEOnWIEM	www.aikenstandard.com	1397517423121
216143	Measles Virus Proves Deadly Against Cancer	http://www.voanews.com/content/measles-virotherapy-proves-deadly-against-cancer/1915867.html	Voice of America	m	dzxbr3ylBqrqnsM7BS51WV82DHoDM	www.voanews.com	1400400338311
231753	EBay hacked; reset your passwords now	http://myfox8.com/2014/05/21/heres-why-you-should-change-your-ebay-password-right-now/	myfox8.com	t	dOgKaE8Yc13Gx_MIqdQO0yShye5qM	myfox8.com	1400692295516
229489	E-cigarettes are helping smokers to quit	http://www.heraldscotland.com/news/health/e-cigarettes-are-helping-smokers-to-quit.24274245	Herald Scotland	m	de5UqjOqbCdmy2MkXxX4BqXo_l_cM	www.heraldscotland.com	1400656649423
23220	Would love to do something with Amitabh, Irrfan: James Bobin (Interview)	http://www.newstrackindia.com/newsdetails/2014/03/19/116--Would-love-to-do-something-with-Amitabh-Irrfan-James-Bobin-Interview-.html	Newstrack India	e	d_xtjiL0AZVdERM0_1sFKXNDZ0XOM	www.newstrackindia.com	1395239139101
393742	Gold Little Changed Above $1300 as Fed Policy Meet Awaited	http://profit.ndtv.com/news/commodities/article-gold-little-changed-above-1-300-as-fed-policy-meet-awaited-595245	NDTV	b	d4yviPL2mYqvemME5uN5ljugm5EfM	profit.ndtv.com	1406635695786
285408	Ruby Dee: A Lifetime of Liberal Activism	http://www.breitbart.com/Big-Hollywood/2014/06/12/ruby-dee-lifetime-liberal-activism	Breitbart News	e	duy-eYWM3GLFeSMlLjm7WEMy_7YJM	www.breitbart.com	1402756857993
209513	California's wolf appears to have found love in Oregon	http://www.sfgate.com/science/article/California-s-wolf-appears-to-have-found-love-in-5472695.php	SFGate	t	dnu5XgwYoupJ1VMBkcw5v5YpzpvQM	www.sfgate.com	1399978497459
44051	Search Resumes for Missing Malaysian Jetliner	http://www.voanews.com/content/search-resumes-for-missing-malaysian-jetliner/1879348.html	Voice of America	b	dpJ38zm8NY8hUFM22x2aL0hc9hjfM	www.voanews.com	1395824964619
249367	Bruce Jenner Is NOT Feeling It At Kim And Kanye's Wedding!	http://perezhilton.com/2014-05-24-bruce-jenner-bored-having-terrible-time-kim-kardashian-kanye-west-wedding	PerezHilton.com	e	d2P1IL6aQj6y5bMMB2cIAehoYcKmM	perezhilton.com	1400994474410
336345	Which Android to Wear?	http://technology.canoe.ca/Mobile/News/2014/06/27/21772136-relaxnews.html	CANOE	t	drwjzQKKBsoZMzMKpHGdjPKGwLErM	technology.canoe.ca	1404159333295
390428	Cannabis doubles the risk of paranoia, suggests study	http://www.bbc.co.uk/newsbeat/28324463	Radio 1	m	dssxZrYst3s--AMpLxhXB6F4h45-M	www.bbc.co.uk	1405656004975
23914	Alzheimer's Disease Affects Women More Than It Does Men	http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2014/03/19/alzheimers-disease-affects-women-more-than-men_n_4992012.html	Huffington Post UK	m	dBRPUhdnlrZalZMTwjDeP_p-HeLbM	www.huffingtonpost.co.uk	1395241608363
40566	'On a level I don't even understand': Aniston talks tabloids and staying normal in  ...	http://www.newser.com/article/784dc139a8b14e25974b5aa93775a758/on-a-level-i-dont-even-understand-aniston-talks-tabloids-and-staying-normal-in-hollywood.html	Newser	e	dxIu3ewSNpjXRyMaRoGFD6sURcANM	www.newser.com	1395762883533
53452	Efron attacked in Los Angeles: report	http://www.lfpress.com/2014/03/27/zac-efron-attacked-in-los-angeles	London Free Press	e	dpa5RaSGqDxna9MvqCevzRaKcw9CM	www.lfpress.com	1395960047727
93706	Peaches Geldof post-mortem 'in next few days'	http://www.scotsman.com/news/celebrity/peaches-geldof-post-mortem-in-next-few-days-1-3368206	Scotsman	e	dVcLyu7MZ2lvOuM8psiqi0ay7A2GM	www.scotsman.com	1396997398555
409877	Precious metal prices barely budge after Goldilocks jobs numbers	http://www.bulliondesk.com/gold-news/nfp-focus-precious-metal-prices-barely-budge-after-goldilocks-jobs-numbers-79421/	The Bullion Desk	b	dbXoEqRDqY3MayM_VTURuZeu1Z0mM	www.bulliondesk.com	1406922912198
95356	Ford recalls 435K vehicles	http://www.wsav.com/story/25193907/ford-recalls-435k-vehicles	WSAV-TV	m	diuJsch5sQNS4qMdgLGDhKE27t5sM	www.wsav.com	1397003449738
61622	Tesla Adds Battery Shield to Model-S	http://www.benzinga.com/news/14/03/4428501/tesla-adds-battery-shield-to-model-s\?utm_source=feedburner&amp;utm_medium=feed&amp;utm_campaign=Feed%3A+benzinga+(Benzinga+News+Feed)	Benzinga	t	dx7dZWCotpPAQsMb67JxUygBK3u5M	www.benzinga.com	1396071920804
7543	New Originals Episode 17,Season 1 Official Spoilers,Synopsis & Clips Released  ...	http://hwhills.com/new-originals-episode-17season-1-official-spoilerssynopsis-clips-released-by-cw/	Hollywood Hills	e	df68Lw8srt0UIgMSNaRsN-qnNSamM	hwhills.com	1394620237717
114438	Suspected new Banksy spy artwork mocks GCHQ	http://www.telegraph.co.uk/culture/art/10765349/Suspected-new-Banksy-spy-artwork-mocks-GCHQ.html	Telegraph.co.uk	e	dcBt4tU0L52iiTMQ4rip8YRmnr9xM	www.telegraph.co.uk	1397518331020
103490	Khloe Kardashian rumored to be dating rapper French Montana	http://www.business-standard.com/article/news-ani/khloe-kardashian-rumored-to-be-dating-rapper-french-montana-114041100349_1.html	Business Standard	e	diZrKDjXzDYF7ZMZLEaUdwN1E52IM	www.business-standard.com	1397298185911
127494	Miley Cyrus Hospitalized, Cancels Kansas City Concert	http://buzzworthy.mtv.com/2014/04/16/miley-cyrus-cancels-kansas-city-hospitalized/	MTV.com	e	dhV1nkapfVp8ejMfdBzhUjCEJ1WiM	buzzworthy.mtv.com	1397716300120
222570	Brad Pitt and Matthew McConaughey Perfect Their Beer Tossing Skills	http://jezebel.com/brad-pitt-and-matthew-mcconaughey-perfect-their-beer-to-1578342549	Jezebel	e	dmImOGit97BTReMEp5ZNPz3pSMS_M	jezebel.com	1400531770481
329072	Transformers: Age of Extinction a franchise that is anything but extinct	http://www.tri-cityherald.com/2014/06/27/3040402/transformers-age-of-extinction.html\?sp=/99/1191/	Mid Columbia Tri City Herald	e	d79g5WRHWWIWfUM2SBHH6Ytl7qvKM	www.tri-cityherald.com	1403938046237
377172	Lockheed aiming to show new F-35 at airshow	http://thedailyrecord.com/2014/07/14/lockheed-aiming-to-show-new-f-35-at-airshow/	Daily Record \(subscription\)	b	dv5OgtYScPDGnCM9wQbHVk-a8jebM	thedailyrecord.com	1405422487924
238817	Marathon Petroleum buys Hess Retail for $2.87 billion	http://www.ohio.com/blogs/drilling/ohio-utica-shale-1.291290/marathon-petroleum-buys-hess-retail-for-2-87-billion-1.489999	Akron Beacon Journal \(blog\)	b	dr9-nhl7NdG4ieM1-XXB0W177eqYM	www.ohio.com	1400820744273
23554	New “Star Wars” Set 30 Years After Originals	http://dfw.cbslocal.com/2014/03/19/new-star-wars-set-30-years-after-originals/	CBS 11	e	dAH9o1l6GB-cxSMdH6Fm6ZYHyxIEM	dfw.cbslocal.com	1395239958960
16857	State's and region's unemployment rates rise, but state's seasonally adjusted  ...	http://www.news-sentinel.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article\?AID=/20140317/NEWS/140319640/1005/PREPSPORTS	News Sentinel	b	d3csw4t_czT7_SMbnTZtLKNtrCzfM	www.news-sentinel.com	1395158603404
324203	Key Takeaways From Google I/O: Taking On Apple	http://news.investors.com/technology/062614-706361-google-refines-android-look-at-google-io.htm	Investor's Business Daily	t	dubwcJArLL_qAKML5LGPLiunKzNLM	news.investors.com	1403863863611
151200	Queens celebrates 50th anniversary of New York State Pavilion	http://pix11.com/2014/04/22/queens-celebrates-50th-anniversary-of-new-york-state-pavilion/	New York's PIX11 \/ WPIX-TV	e	dWLTH6zFrSKjmHMXU0T9N7gmxYLzM	pix11.com	1398229343905
188773	Feds announce emergency measures for crude-oil rail shipments	http://www.newsadvance.com/news/feds-announce-emergency-measures-for-crude-oil-rail-shipments/article_6fa41c04-d629-11e3-9f9c-0017a43b2370.html	Lynchburg News and Advance	b	diIlgoyKaesaw9MOn3XIPzA0f_A4M	www.newsadvance.com	1399499745157
54085	'Ninja Turtles' Movie 2014, NEW Trailer Released! Live Action and Film Secrets  ...	http://www.fashionnstyle.com/articles/17840/20140327/ninja-turtles-movie-2014-new-trailer-released-live-action-film-secrets-revealed-megan-fox-kicks-butt-as-april-oneill.htm	Fashion \& Style	e	dWuCxhJ6yGiFvdMnHsTrGgH7msJOM	www.fashionnstyle.com	1395963425649
383919	Fed's beige book brightens	http://news.investors.com/071614-709105-feds-beige-book-brightens.htm	Investor's Business Daily	b	dv4dD48eGImkZCM1Khjp6k_teerVM	news.investors.com	1405559300919
278515	Spec standoff: Samsung Tab S 10.5 vs. Sony Xperia Z2 Tablet	http://www.reseller.co.nz/article/547487/spec_standoff_samsung_tab_10_5_vs_sony_xperia_z2_tablet/	Reseller News	t	dDzLRzzroTLeoIM3DQfZjiWOL7D-M	www.reseller.co.nz	1402671011561
49991	School reverses classroom ban for girl who shaved her head to support friend  ...	http://metro.co.uk/2014/03/26/school-reverses-classroom-ban-for-girl-who-shaved-her-head-to-support-friend-with-cancer-4679342/	Metro	m	d9Ux6UIQ_J7csFM6oyFuNAmfznAqM	metro.co.uk	1395888748878
235421	​Of Course Google Plans To Bring Ads To Your Dashboard	http://jalopnik.com/of-course-google-plans-to-bring-ads-to-your-dashboard-1579702760	Jalopnik	t	dqKJCoG-WspQ3gM7nDnYR9-QYtXZM	jalopnik.com	1400758845407
220724	Apple Faced Most Lawsuits in 2013	http://wms.di-ve.com/business-technology/apple-faced-most-lawsuits-2013	Di-Ve.com	t	dz4j6NI4UDee2zME8fJZGi4YR_ThM	wms.di-ve.com	1400517529390
122507	Gas prices increase	http://www.vindy.com/news/2014/apr/16/gas-prices-increase/	Youngstown Vindicator	t	drf8XuB1JoasGJMQrc1YcghF5yo6M	www.vindy.com	1397649985655
398223	Oil prices mixed in Asian trade	http://dunyanews.tv/index.php/en/Business/230807-Oil-prices-mixed-in-Asian-trade	dunyanews.tv	b	dxuhoupGhpkiZOMQkK8zG0doqwxvM	dunyanews.tv	1406712778076
381532	Marvel Says Thor Will Be A Girl Now	http://www.cinemablend.com/new/Marvel-Says-Thor-Girl-Now-66253.html	Cinema Blend	e	dUmj0nbZNQbZRjMarG4k-G60NPjyM	www.cinemablend.com	1405500937356
47072	Risk your job, Peter - Economist challenges Phillips to put post on the line in  ...	http://jamaica-gleaner.com/gleaner/20140326/lead/lead1.html	Jamaica Gleaner	b	d--XtfmzZ2YqjSMvlrF2EEknl2keM	jamaica-gleaner.com	1395879182012
377963	US should break up big banks, companies: Analyst	http://www.presstv.ir/detail/2014/07/15/371381/us-should-break-up-big-banks-companies/	Press TV	b	do0zme6MejoNoKMapoWp_gZzo5KKM	www.presstv.ir	1405431560753
115198	The Game of Thrones Whodunit: Place Your Bets Here	http://www.tvovermind.com/game-of-thrones/game-thrones-whodunit-place-bets-232492	TVOvermind	e	dkrPWNf6SBWC_9MqKzu96qFdU6ZEM	www.tvovermind.com	1397521509773
52961	Amazon set-top box event set for April 2nd	http://www.slashgear.com/amazon-set-top-box-event-set-for-april-2nd-27322674/	SlashGear	t	dySAGaFvCg-wX5MxRZNkJ2BedVsUM	www.slashgear.com	1395957535669
344262	JPMorgan chief starts treatment for throat cancer	http://www.irishtimes.com/business/sectors/financial-services/jpmorgan-chief-starts-treatment-for-throat-cancer-1.1852695	Irish Times	b	dMeza6XTeTLHT6M3nshcXYCPWq04M	www.irishtimes.com	1404305982871
296778	Too Much Sitting Tied to Risks for Certain Cancers	http://www.webmd.com/cancer/news/20140616/study-ties-too-much-sitting-to-risks-for-certain-cancers	WebMD	m	djLMG6rv0sWmARMCnZ2_om3UYWkOM	www.webmd.com	1403022909972
41217	Marijuana may ease MS	http://americanlivewire.com/2014-03-25-marijuana-may-ease-ms/	American Live Wire	m	dPVsVwjRZx5Lb0Mf2W2G7VeRt06fM	americanlivewire.com	1395765478131
5923	Xbox One sales counting on Titanfall	http://www.stuff.co.nz/southland-times/technology/30022636/Xbox-One-sales-counting-on-Titanfall	The Southland Times	t	d8bRIS2P12vQAfMQyl607kCwJ9A5M	www.stuff.co.nz	1394591915581
170657	Cloning technique makes insulin-producing cells with the DNA of a diabetic  ...	http://www.wptv.com/news/health/cloning-technique-makes-insulin-producing-cells-with-the-dna-of-a-diabetic-woman	WPTV	m	d_8032G0UBfOgcMjUILD4crrQGs5M	www.wptv.com	1398802950519
309630	PLX TECHNOLOGY (PLXT) SHAREHOLDER ALERT - Andrews & Springer LLC  ...	http://www.marketwatch.com/story/plx-technology-plxt-shareholder-alert-andrews-springer-llc-is-seeking-more-cash-for-shareholders-of-plx-technology-inc-2014-06-23	MarketWatch	t	dlX_MIZD5JpnvvM4ahpsn_L6zUcZM	www.marketwatch.com	1403556901272
259899	LG G3 unveiled: Check Price, Review and Features	http://www.gizmocrave.com/33698-lg-g3-unveiled-check-price-review-and-features/	GizmoCrave	t	dEjdTwiCw9JqVXMojXY_wl8TFI_ZM	www.gizmocrave.com	1401291227568
157089	Wedding bells rainbows	http://www.starobserver.com.au/news/celebrity-news/wedding-bells-rainbows/121949	Star Observer	e	dWDShUvYa5cjqNMXu1FjBHCMJs6uM	www.starobserver.com.au	1398341282974
321918	Watching Too Much Television Can Shorten Your Life Span	http://www.inquisitr.com/1320043/watching-too-much-television-can-shorten-your-life-span/	The Inquisitr	m	d-5nBE1qxaIYIPMuRxNcBWYy9MqpM	www.inquisitr.com	1403808940825
88199	Howard Kurtz Rips Media Double Standard On Mozilla CEO's Resignation	http://newsbusters.org/blogs/matt-hadro/2014/04/07/howard-kurtz-rips-media-double-standard-mozilla-ceos-resignation	NewsBusters \(blog\)	t	d9UjCbiQnhh-VnMHdCsHeDVQDYRrM	newsbusters.org	1396932580856
349209	SunTrust Calls Twitter's New CFO Appointment 'Surprising'	http://www.benzinga.com/analyst-ratings/analyst-color/14/07/4677442/suntrust-calls-twitters-new-cfo-appointment-surprising	Benzinga	b	dHcFUChfNitnUXM0800bnY4Ye_w9M	www.benzinga.com	1404381331986
336082	Supreme Court declines to hear Google's request in Street View lawsuit	http://www.itworld.com/it-management/425176/supreme-court-declines-hear-googles-request-street-view-lawsuit	ITworld.com	t	dUPysah5LiXFrLMKSwub_NC4ysXqM	www.itworld.com	1404156945212
409320	Blood test to predict suicide risk	http://www.news.com.au/lifestyle/health/us-scientists-move-toward-blood-test-for-suicide-risk/story-fneuz9ev-1227009440342	NEWS.com.au	m	dqEpTtd0lBVwjBMFTYWBaVhkwI10M	www.news.com.au	1406880025061
353852	America's Jobs Market was 'Super-sized' in June	http://www.reedconstructiondata.com/Market-Intelligence/Articles/2014/7/Americas-Jobs-Market-was-Super-sized-in-June-1000269W/	Reed Construction Data	b	dqRVATJoCxom1UMsgJlJOxjniWl4M	www.reedconstructiondata.com	1404455349139
129728	Doctors not able to reattach Wu-Tang Clan affiliated rapper's penis after suicide  ...	http://pix11.com/2014/04/17/doctors-not-able-to-reattach-wu-tang-clan-affiliated-rappers-penis-after-suicide-attempt/	New York's PIX11 \/ WPIX-TV	e	dOA99AYk7RESI8MuUgFgBFmXnPzXM	pix11.com	1397771165700
25245	Malaysia Airlines Flight 370: 'Credible' debris spotted in Indian Ocean	http://www.csmonitor.com/World/Latest-News-Wires/2014/0320/Malaysia-Airlines-Flight-370-Credible-debris-spotted-in-Indian-Ocean	Christian Science Monitor	b	dHfCsg27MbC2zEMXnEYRjFRtwrA7M	www.csmonitor.com	1395321574127
98706	True TV: The Beginning of the End of 'Mad Men'; 'Fargo' Restarts the Wood  ...	http://www.cvindependent.com/index.php/en-US/movies/tv/item/1223-true-tv-the-beginning-of-the-end-of-mad-men-fargo-restarts-the-wood-chipper	Coachella Valley Independent	e	dQp_0Hv3qTdoGMMXikOnSJKtYXH-M	www.cvindependent.com	1397237963083
410464	Manufacturing sector growth jumps to 17-month high in July	http://businesstoday.intoday.in/story/manufacturing-sector-growth-hsbc-pmi-17-month-high-in-july/1/208772.html	Business Today	b	dhROrVjRWUkVI1MQ9QDiX3ID6oyvM	businesstoday.intoday.in	1406928115696
302542	Carney's UK move cost more than £100000	http://www.advisor.ca/news/industry-news/carneys-uk-move-cost-more-than-100000-156374	Advisor.ca	b	dDNSJ9VxymrVDZMIPloMon5kCxRnM	www.advisor.ca	1403121249331
115655	Are Kim Kardashian and Kanye West planning a secret wedding days before  ...	http://www.irishmirror.ie/showbiz/celebrity-news/kim-kardashian-kanye-west-planning-3404167	Irish Mirror	e	dFaT0FrQ7plTzXMnzJUbzalnR1gZM	www.irishmirror.ie	1397523942368
299012	Intel Corporation Stock Has Been Flying High: Are Microsoft and HP Next?	http://www.fool.com/investing/general/2014/06/17/intel-corporation-stock-has-been-flying-high-are-m.aspx	Motley Fool	t	dPuCnVlNRTfiHnMC7hK3n4CMysMzM	www.fool.com	1403079767943
129374	Astronomers Using Kepler Telescope Discover First Earth-Sized Exoplanet  ...	http://www.redorbit.com/news/space/1113123971/earth-sized-exoplanet-habitable-zone-kepler-space-telescope-041714/	RedOrbit	t	d4MwQkOzrL9Iz5M9HHId76M7fdv_M	www.redorbit.com	1397769587398
184929	Bayer buys Merck consumer care for US$14.2bn	http://www.tcetoday.com/latest%20news/2014/may/bayer-buys-merck-consumer-care.aspx	tce today	b	drzoEf5Ujx735WMtH6yfIsC8Ct9qM	www.tcetoday.com	1399434809654
17466	iPhone 5C gets 8GB version in Europe	http://www.hardwareheaven.com/news.php\?newsid=6684	HardwareHeaven.com	t	dJQbMcJMikNPqBMYRWteaWPy6-izM	www.hardwareheaven.com	1395160738544
285891	US settlement talks break down with Citigroup	http://www.forexlive.com/blog/2014/06/13/us-settlement-talks-break-down-with-citigroup/	ForexLive \(blog\)	b	dqK91dfvkHKs6FM70h2eKPSpuachM	www.forexlive.com	1402800569018
345046	Google Is Buying Songza, A Music Streaming Startup	http://www.businessinsider.in/Google-Is-Buying-Songza-A-Music-Streaming-Startup/articleshow/37596684.cms	Businessinsider India	t	dhbFGx6Jdl7f2HMjJFAG7Ld1jqo7M	www.businessinsider.in	1404311912336
294801	Argentine Leader Says The Country Is Victim Of 'Extortion' By Hedge Funds	http://www.businessinsider.com/r-argentina-vows-to-service-debt-despite-new-legal-blow-2014-16	Business Insider	b	dnF7abUJ25_3jOMp56fVb6PNsewAM	www.businessinsider.com	1403006535231
217220	Pinterest Valued at $5 Billion After $200 Funding Round	http://www.technewsplus.com/pinterest-valued-5-billion-200-funding-round/2002/	Tech News Plus	b	d1zNNdYXC9_jo_MAG55ulWNmji24M	www.technewsplus.com	1400447814725
376502	Parents urged to only use lotion sunscreen for children	http://www.fox23news.com/news/local/story/Parents-urged-to-only-use-lotion-sunscreen-for/34bX9wtSGUaQn0IP-Qimjg.cspx	WXXA	m	dwJ9KU-cYuXTUIMZGu2wnZcQ57n6M	www.fox23news.com	1404985448468
270506	Today's Top Style News	http://www.stylelist.ca/2014/06/03/rihanna-josephine-baker-tribute-cfda-award-winners/	Styelist CA	e	deel8s3wZgxb61MHsElWvsuk35TSM	www.stylelist.ca	1401827168090
82330	''I wish he would've taken me with him'': Miley Cyrus left heartbroken after her  ...	http://www.dailyrecord.co.uk/entertainment/celebrity/i-wish-wouldve-taken-him-3339746	Scottish Daily Record	e	dYlKmMVef8zRgSMP_5Kq95XL5WEFM	www.dailyrecord.co.uk	1396439850020
128674	Pre-Earnings Option Bulls Turn Out on Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT)	http://www.schaeffersresearch.com/marketcenters/optionscenter/content/pre-earnings+option+bulls+turn+out+on+wal-mart+stores+inc+wmt/default.aspx\?ID=120702	Schaeffers Research	b	djTJEXdELNBQs8MEfG5eLPI4Ez7jM	www.schaeffersresearch.com	1397765128424
92297	Critical OpenSSL 'Heartbleed' bug puts encrypted communications at risk	http://www.pcworld.com/article/2140920/heartbleed-bug-in-openssl-puts-encrypted-communications-at-risk.html	PCWorld	t	dbS2X-rQonm7QEMs0xZenK_NyWvLM	www.pcworld.com	1396991516558
154996	Shakespeare's work promoted as anniversary marked	http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-27132407	BBC News	e	dzI-ENgxCcPY0jM3l1xD8KmQdIspM	www.bbc.co.uk	1398287804248
131266	Disney Starlets of the Week: Hilary Duff Flaunts Bikini Bod and More! (PHOTOS)	http://www.wetpaint.com/former-disney-stars/gallery/2014-04-16-hilary-duff-bikini-photos	Wetpaint	e	dHs99I7pp-wMiBMDOcXsi_sbnlaQM	www.wetpaint.com	1397778575250
419352	Flash XXUGNG3 Android 4.3 JB Official Firmware on Galaxy S3 I9300 - How to	http://wccftech.com/flash-xxugng3-android-4-3-on-galaxy-s3-i9300/	WCCFtech	t	dZ_8x5lVHdOV3OMSqo3kJlCBY3hdM	wccftech.com	1409204621941
147824	Leonardo DiCaprio in line to play Apple co-founder Steve Jobs in Danny Boyle  ...	http://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-2609979/Leonardo-DiCaprio-line-play-Apple-founder-Steve-Jobs-Danny-Boyle-film-biopic.html	Daily Mail	e	drNw5N1I4wpYFxM084jf-nbrZq0cM	www.dailymail.co.uk	1398167159118
359061	Jay Z Cheating on Beyonce Rumors 2014: Alleged Mistress Mya Breaks Silence  ...	http://www.latinpost.com/articles/16409/20140704/jay-z-cheating-beyonce-rumors-2014-alleged-mistress-mya-breaks.htm	Latin Post	e	dXegvOTQ1MD92WMhrfo2JqBjxl7dM	www.latinpost.com	1404535932020
291619	Open source electric cars	http://manilastandardtoday.com/2014/06/17/open-source-electric-cars/	Manila Standard Today	t	dly038ZoD49nZhME7fUne8RUCZ4nM	manilastandardtoday.com	1402938504501
343473	Watch Live: Q&A With Dawn of the Planet of the Apes" Director Matt Reeves and  ...
e Fashion's L'Wren Scott found dead in NYC in apparent suicide
b Taco Bell taps 'Ronald McDonald' in television ads to promote new breakfast menu
e Rolf Harris concedes admiration of bikini-clad 13-year-old may have been sexual
t Tesla goes open source to cut carbon emissions
e Research: Twitter use could actually be damaging to users' romantic relationships
e VMAs 2014: Beyonce Puts Divorce Rumours to Rest by Kissing Jay Z
t LEAKED: Windows 9 Is Coming Next Year And Will Fix A Lot Of Problems With  ...
t Amazing Supercell Storm Captured in Time-Lapse Video
b Stocks Break Weekly Winning Streak
e Gameloft Releases New Captain America Game on Android
m Maker of Four Loko settles suit
b Forex - Japanese yen holds steady after Tankan, key Asia data ahead
t Samsung's Galaxy S5 Is Here: What's Different?
e Khloe Kardashian's new beau gifts 'carats and car' on her 30th birthday
t Google To Launch Nexus 8 In July, After Retiring Nexus 7
m Giant panda fakes pregnancy 'to receive nicer food and round-the-clock care'
t Uplay login issues affecting Watch Dogs' launch
t Apple Shares Up After Earnings Beat, Big Stock Split
e 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2': Five cool things to know about the superhero sequel
t Observers say the trend toward online TV won't be halted by Aereo's Supreme  ...
t Marissa Mayer: 'We Are Not Satisfied' With Yahoo's Earnings
t Microsoft Aspirations in China Meets Perilous Climate
e Oscar-winner Lupita Nyong'o named 'most beautiful'
t Samsung Galaxy Grand Duos vs Sony Xperia C: Grand is definitely better!
b Editorial: 4 years after spill, work far from over
b GM expands recall again
e 'Dancing with the Stars' 18 premiere: Drew Carey, Amy Purdy both impress
e In Pictures: Top 15 Kim Kardashian sexy selfies
b Why Hewlett-Packard (HPQ) Stock Is Falling Thursday Afternoon
t Potential Major Meteor Shower
t Facebook has been tweaking News Feed content to play with our emotions
t Google agrees to defend Samsung, pay some of its costs in patent infringement  ...
b Fed chief Yellen says key task of central bank is to respond to US economy's  ...
t Google Maps Now Tells You What Lane to Get Into and More Goodies
b Detroit Three Report June Sales
e Spotify Premium Now 50 Percent Off For Students
b Eurozone Deflation Fears Heighten as Inflation Slows Further
b Kraft Recall 2014: Cottage Cheese Linked To One Illness
t NSA pretended to be Facebook in its effort to infect 'millions' of computers
e Godzilla director and Walking Dead game writer come together for Star Wars
b McDonald's Putting Ronald McDonald To Work On Social Media
m Americans have reduced chance of developing Alzheimer's, study finds
m Scientists Just Found Stray Vials of Smallpox from the 1950s
t Web hosting company puts FCC in the 'slow lane' in net...
e A Hard Day's Night at 50: Why It Continues to Charm Us
e 'Game of Thrones' Spoilers: Will Peter Dinklage's Tyrion Die After Purple Wedding?
e Here's a clip of Stephen Colbert talking about boobs on tonight's 'Late Show'
e Rhonda Adkins Files For Divorce From Trace Adkins
t Samsung Introduced Galaxy Tab S – iPad's Competitor with a Fingerprint  ...
m Alcohol link to premature birth: Just three drinks a week in early pregnancy can  ...
e Maddy's Movies: “X-Men: Days of Future Past” is for mutant lovers, not action  ...
m Healthiest counties in Minnesota
t Can I still buy Windows 7 PCs for business?
t AMD Broadens Efforts to Exploit ARM Chip Technology
e 'Godzilla' Officially Getting a Sequel
t BlackBerry announces deal with Amazon Appstore
e Scandal: Mama Said Knock You Out: Episode 15 Season 3—TV Review
t More Drought, Heat and Water Wars: What Climate Change Already Means for  ...
b Family Dollar Is Closing Hundreds Of Stores And Firing Workers
t 19-day streak of gas price increases in San Diego County ends
b What tree rings reveal about California's drought
m Obesity may Increase the Risk of Ovarian Cancer
m NHS could now prescribe e-cigarettes to smokers as they are known to make  ...
e Floyd Mayweather Apologizes to Tiny After TI Altercation
t One-day sale empties Google Glass shelves
b Morning MoneyBeat: Will Bull Market Make It to Six?
m UCLA Health System's Hospitals Ranked Among Nation's Best
m Does 'young' blood rejuvenate?
e Tributes paid to Peaches Geldof
t GM chief Barra faces tough questions over recalls
b Is News Corp heading for a future without the Murdochs as 21st Century Fox  ...
e Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez get steamy on the dance floor
b BOE minutes show officials warming to a rate hike
b Corporate inversion: Obama administration urges Congress to act on tax  ...
b Sign up extension for Covered California ends at midnight Tuesday
b Was the MH17 flight actually the missing MH370?
t LG to announce G3 on May 27
t Gas prices increase across Fla.
t Samsung Is Releasing Another Smart Watch, And This One Could Replace Your  ...
e ANGELA SMITH: Time for accountability after 'mass casualty event' at Mansfield  ...
e OMG! Did Beyoncé reveal a huge relationship secret while performing on stage?
e Obama's presence 'reassures Asia allies'
t Lee Lane: Does climate science dictate energy policy?
b Settling with Uncle Sam: Ways to pay your taxes
t 'Fairy Circles' Most Likely Caused By Vegetation Competition Instead Of Termites
t 'Yo, Slingshot!' Two Weird Messaging Apps, Reviewed.
t Twitter: Gov't requests for user data increased
b Telsa agreement gives it three direct-sales stores in Ohio
t Many ATMs yet to be upgraded from Windows XP: Microsoft
b PLX TECHNOLOGY, INC. SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Rigrodsky & Long, PA  ...
e Movie In The Works About Bergdahl
e Elisabeth Hasselbeck on 'View' hiring Rosie: She spit in the military's face!
e Valerie Harper: 'I'm cancer-free'
e Peaches Geldof: No sign of hard drugs or suicide note 3:34PM
t Khosla and Google's founders talk healthcare, Ginger.io, WellDoc
e Comedian John Pinette found dead in Pittsburgh hotel room at age 50
e Remember Kim Kardashian's Tress Stress? The Vogue Cover Star Now Admits  ...
e BLOGS OF THE DAY: Orlando wants his son to live his dream
t T. rex gets new home in Smithsonian
b Far right gains in European Parliament vote
e Leaked video shows One Direction's Zayn and Louis smoking marijuana
t Galaxy Note 3 vs Xperia Z Ultra: Top Of The Line
t Adobe Releases Free Voice App for iPad
t Microsoft challenged an FBI National Security Letter, and won
e De Blasio So Far
e I Wanna Marry “Harry” Season Premiere: Meet the Ladies Vying For His Heart  ...
e Jessica Simpson Shows Off Her New Bikini Body After Two Kids! (PHOTO)
b Bank of England warns on early rate rise
b Euro Slump Continues in Asian Trade
t Millions of jellyfish-like creatures wash up on western US beaches
e Jill Abramson at Wake Forest: The Student Perspective
b Is Twitter Inc (TWTR) Really Worth Twice More Than Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO)?
b Chinese Premier Li Keqiang says US, China should focus on mutual interests  ...
e Guys With a Dry Sense of Humor Swap Water for Dirt in Their ALS Challenge
e 'Opie and Anthony' host lashes out with racist tweets after alleged Times Square  ...
e 'The Bachelorette' recap: Who did Andi pick?
b In brief
m Va. Diocese: ALS Funds Going to Stem Cell Research
e Steve Forbes speaks about economy at Auburn University
e Injured circus acrobat 'a warrior' who wants to continue with circus, father says in  ...
b Southern Power, Turner add big New Mexico solar facility
e Beyonce, Jay-Z kick off tour with wedding footage, Jackson tribute
e CJ Harris sings “Invisible” on American Idol Season 13 Top 10
b China demands 'detailed' information about missing Malaysian flight
t All-New HTC One (M8) launch imminent, “leaks” abound
b eBay s results top Wall Street targets but outlook disappoints
e Haute couture autumn/winter 2014
e Netflix Renews Orange Is The New Black For Third Season
b Some Reflections On Thomas Piketty's 'Capital'
b LA taxi drivers to protest Uber, other ride-share apps at City Hall
m Jet-lagged? New math-using app may help
t Your Favoriting Habits Will Be Made Public on New Twitter
t EU Right to be Forgotten mess sees Google censoring BBC, Guardian
b ADP data show the labor market is 'getting better faster': economist
e Girls' Allison Williams to be Twitter's inevitable punching bag in Peter Pan Live!
e 'Mad Men' and the greatest character exit in the history of television
e How Sherlock fans can make it through to 2:21pm
b China manufacturing expands in June
m Giraffe gives goodbye kiss
e The Rock Beats Up CGI Animals In The First Trailer for Brett Ratner's 'Hercules'
e Rolf Harris sentenced - in 45 seconds
t Tesla Motors Inc. (TSLA) – 3T Analysis: Driving Towards the 52-Week High
t Graco recalling 1.9 million car seats
m Health Highlights: April 17, 2014
m EPO doping hormone can save premature babies' brains
b Thomas Piketty Undermines the Hallowed Tenets of the Capitalist Catechism
e Justin Bieber tweets at Seth Rogen after repeated criticism
m Mosquito samples positive for West Nile virus
t 'World's largest dinosaur' discovered in Argentina
t What's Wrong With AT&T Inc. and Verizon Communications Inc. Today?
m BREAKING: ICD-10 Delay, SGR Temporary Fix Up for Congressional Vote
b Taxi company using app to attract fares
m New Evidence Questions Fatty Acid Intake Guidelines
e CBS Wins the Season in Viewers for the Sixth Straight Year and 11 of the Last 12
b Gilead Sciences' $84000 price for hepatitis drug is scrutinized
b Further ECB easing in June? - Danske Bank
e Kelly Clarkson welcomes baby girl
b 2 Weeks Before Sign-Up Deadline, ObamaCare Hits 5M Enrollees
b News Minute: Here is the latest news from The Associated Press
t Charge your phone wirelessly at Starbucks
t Nintendo announces 'NFC platform' for Wii U, 3DS
m 7 Things You Need To Know About The Biggest Ebola Outbreak In History
e Grapevine: McCartney recovering in Tokyo
e Watch! Garfield stars in new Arcade Fire video
t LG jumps the gun on more G3 revelations in teaser videos
t What's the real 'climate change' agenda?
b Where health plans stand with Covered California enrollment
b Ronald McDonald Takes to Twitter, Gets a Makeover
e Oscar winner Howard to make new Beatles film
e Is this Justin Bieber's new girlfriend?
e Diane Sawyer Leaves World News, David Muir Will Anchor
e Hollywood superstar Harrison Ford crushed on Star Wars set
t Observe 2014's first supermoon this weekend
t Some scientists create three-Atom Wide Wire
e Phil Robertson Unleashes Another 'Anti-Gay' Rant In New Video
b SEPTA Regional Rail workers announce strike
e Metropolitan Opera Threatening Union Lockout On Friday
b Janet Yellen Is Looking Out for the Long-Term Unemployed
b Postal workers protest Staples
e 'American Idol' Renewed, Ryan Seacrest Gets A 2-Year Extension
m One Mers virus death in UAE; 5 infected
b American Eagle pilots reject labor contract seeking concessions
b Fed Could Deliver Stock-Friendly Statement Wednesday [Dow Jones Industrial  ...
e Kickstarter for $10 potato salad raises over $35000: A worthy cause?
b Inside Bitcoins Conference Begins at Javits Convention Center, New York
b China 'will not give up' on Malaysia MH370
e Jesse Plemons on Star Wars VII Lead Short List
e Watch: Jonah Hill & Channing Tatum Pander To Soccer Fans In New '22 Jump  ...
e Matt Bomer says 'The Normal Heart' likely saved his life; hopes teens see film
e Just how 'influential' is Beyonce? She has her own church and religion now
t Why Apple is about to make Beats its biggest acquisition ever
b PRECIOUS-Gold edges up as investors digest Yellen comments
t Google is building a car with no steering wheel
m WHO acts to contain spread of ebola virus in Guinea
t The New Updates to Google Glass
e Game Of Thrones Watch: Season 4, Episode 3 - Breaker Of Chains
b Chinese tycoon's luncheon for homeless draws ire from some of guests
t Airbus Builds Mars Rover Simulation Facility in the UK
t LG Electronics Inc.'s share price up, posts a first-quarter profit that beats analysts  ...
b Kuwait expects Oil price to ease
m Truckers at 2 Calif. ports OK cooling off period
t From Sexting to Sacraments: How Mobile Apps Are Taking on Religion
b J.M. Smucker raises prices for its packaged coffee, citing higher prices for beans  ...
b Gold rebounds from mystery plunge
b US judge slaps $1.3B fine on Bank of America - KTVN Channel 2 - Reno Tahoe  ...
b BP assessing scope of Indiana refinery oil spill - News and Weather For The  ...
e Mickey Rooney: Career stretched from child star to family-favorite entertainer
b ECB expected to counter deflation and unemployment in EU
e ABC Confirms an Additional Nine New Series for 2014-15
t Trending today: Google Maps needs a Pokemon Master, Anderson students  ...
t Aereo likely to go dark as court rules TV copyrights violated
b Wall Street Weekahead - Short week, jobs data may bring back swings
m Jordan reports new Mers death; man who died worked in hospital
e Local man visits 9/11 Memorial Museum
b Wal-Mart's New Tool Does the Price Matching for You, Refunds the Difference
e Freddie Prinze Jr. Disses 'Terrible' & 'Unprofessional' Kiefer Sutherland
t Folders arrives in beta form to better manage your Windows Phone files
b Metal Traders Sitting Tight
b #Amazoncart and Twitter's commerce problem
e Things We Learned From Miley Cyrus' Bangerz Tour
m Doctors Confirm: Motörhead Rocks
b Caterpillar hearing morphs into tax-code debate
b Attorneys General, SunTrust Mortgage Reach Settlement
t Apple's bigger screen 'iPad Pro' comes into focus
b Credit Suisse hit with more subpoenas as federal tax-evasion probe expands
e Nineties Hit Sitcom 'Full House' Set To Be Revived With Members From Original  ...
e The Most SHOCKING Tweet Ever
b 'Rules mean nothing' to Obama
e Emma Stone's Big Bun & Bangs On 'Jimmy Fallon' — 5 Minute Hairstyle
e Discovery Channel's Mount Everest Jump Date In …
e Sherlock: BBC Announces 2015 Special and Series Four of Hit Drama
b Obama's epic fail on equal pay: LGBT need not apply?
t Ransom demand over hijacked iPhones
t Nest smart thermostat opens up its platform to developers
t Why Tesla's open patent strategy is more self-serving than it seems
e Pretty as a poster! Khloe Kardashian has an Athena moment as her skirt blows  ...
e Jada Pinkett Smith Reveals the Unconventional Way She's Raising Her Kids​
b US Stocks Fluctuate as GE Offsets Google, IBM Miss
b China torpedos P3 alliance plans
e Castle: For Better Or Worse Review, Season Finale
t Samsung unveils ridiculous Galaxy K zoom cameraphone
e Spielberg's Cold War Thriller Gets Release Date
e 'The Other Woman' Review: A Female Bonding Revenge Comedy That Needs  ...
m UPDATE 1-Scale of Guinea's Ebola epidemic unprecedented -aid agency
t T-Mobile Uncarrier 5.0 – Test Drive Phones and Service Free for 7 Days  ...
b Carney hints interest rates could rise this year
b Camera-maker GoPro makes picture-perfect debut
e In Million Dollar Arm, Jon Hamm is Don Draper lite
m 1.8 Million Pounds of Ground Beef Recall in some US States due to E. Coli
t Tech firms unite to oppose FCC's 'net neutrality' plan
e EP breaks down a shocking twist for the season finale of 'Castle'
m MERS case in Indiana isolated to one patient
t iOS 8 Brings Seamless Continuity to Your iPad, iPhone
b Hundreds of job loses expected as BP and tobacco giant Philip Morris close  ...
e Harrison Ford's wife flies to his side in UK hospital
b UK sees surprise slump in May factory output
e Kris Jenner reveals what baby North West will wear at Kim and Kanye's Paris  ...
t Nissan Versa vehicles under scrutiny in US
e Andrew Garfield Makes Surprise Cameo in London Play
t Microsoft dragging Windows' users to its new world
e 'Captain America' becomes box office hero; sets April records at USD 96.2 million
t Meet FB Newswire, Facebook's newest weapon in its arsenal against Twitter
e Charlize Theron thought she was going to die on the set of A Million Ways to Die  ...
e Kristen Stewart out! And Frank Darabont (Shawshank Redemption) to direct  ...
b Caterpillar's Swiss unit dodged $2.4 bln of US taxes -Senate
e Macaulay Culkin's Pizza Underground Doused In Beer, Booed Offstage At Dot  ...
b Libya's Oil Crisis Ends, Ports Reclaimed
b Euro may not weaken sharply even under Japanese-type stimulus from ECB
b Why $10 billion isn't a crazy valuation for Snapchat—and may turn out to be a  ...
e Life is a Cabaret, New Chum! Alan Cumming and Michelle Williams Become  ...
e Zac Efron shirtless at MTV Movie Awards, Kate goes to bat at cricket in heels  ...
b Federal highway fund at risk of running out of gas
b B&N to Separate Retail, Nook Media
b Wall Street rises as small-caps rally
e Transcendence Director Wally Pfister Doesn't Want Immortality (Neither Does  ...
b Fed Watch: Janet Yellen the Hawk
b £260000 to save financial markets as we know them
e 30 Years Later, Andy Warhol Computer Art Discovered
b Nashville's per-gallon gas price average unchanged
m Senegal moves to prevent Ebola spread
e Meshach Taylor, 'Designing Women' star, dies at 67
t Low Tide Day slideshow
b S&P 500 rises to cap longest rally in 2014 amid earnings reports
t And Then
b Survey: US companies added 281000 jobs in June + video
b Hemp Seeds Arrive In Kentucky
t HTC Volantis might be last Nexus tablet
e Jason Momoa 'Confirmed' As Aquaman, But Not Really: 'Game of Thrones' Star  ...
e Tom Hanks Spies Cold War Thriller
b Markets can ignore Iraq turmoil if oil stays below $120
b Icahn And Ackman Kiss And Make Up
e An Amused Ad-Rock Takes The Stand In Beastie Boys V. Monster Energy  ...
m Congress Votes To Prevent DEA Interference In States With Legal Cannabis
e New York college offering Sociology course on Miley Cyrus
b Watch the Redesigned 2015 Toyota Camry's World Premiere Here at 9:10 AM EST
e Justin Bieber - Justin Bieber compares himself to Princess Diana
e Pharrell Williams performs on NBC's "The Voice"
t Apple's new headphones could collect health data and never get lost
b Missing Malaysia plane: Chinese satellite finds object near jet search area
m Deltona employees host sell-out Relay event
b Dollar avoids large moves against major currencies ahead of Yellen testimony
t Comcast is Nudging Consumers Toward Higher Cost Services
b Top firms expand workforce despite sluggish earnings
m 9-Year-Old Water Skier Dies From Brain-Eating Amoeba
m Bad Government
e Solange Brushes Off Jay Z Elevator Fight As 'That Thing'
e Indiana Jones: Bradley Cooper May Replace Harrison Ford — Report (VIDEO)
t San Francisco bar offers free drink to Google Glass wearers
b Samsung earnings hit by slowing sales in China
e Casey Kasem, king of the Top 40 countdown, dies
b BNP Paribas to plead guilty to dodging US sanctions: report
e Chelsea Handler to end E! run in August
b Europe Stocks Rise After Fourth Quarterly Gain With BNP
t Storytelling Made Easy. Adobe Gives You a Voice
t Google's Project Ara still has a long way to go before modular smartphones  ...
b Your In-Flight Cocktails Are About To Be Become Even More Joyless
m Foster Farms Issues Another Recall over Salmonella Fears
b Digest: SunTrust to pay nearly $1 billion to resolve allegations
e Sad Kanye Photo Involves Zip Lining, Kim Kardashian
t Google Chromecast misery for UK release ends
e Holy fire ceremony draws tens of thousands of Orthodox Christians
e Movie review: 'Tammy' takes some funny turns but also loses its way
b Bar too low? 5 companies likely to beat earnings estimates
e JK Rowling's The Casual Vacancy to be made into HBO/BBC miniseries
b Candy Crush Saga Company Hopes for $613M IPO
t Full lunar eclipse delights Americas, 1st of year
t GM Waited Years To Perform Recall, Again
e A Painful But Critical Reminder From 'The Normal Heart'
t Xbox One sells 5 million consoles since launch
t Why Tesla's Patent Move Is Political Genius
b Caterpillar avoided billions in taxes
e Fargo Channel 4 Sunday 15th June
m Got a rash? iPad, other devices might be the cause
e 'Full House' revival: Stamos and other stars on board. Will fans have mercy?
b BMW to Spend $1 Billion on New Factory in Mexico
e Garth Brooks Postpones Press in Wake of More Irish Turmoil
b FOREX-Euro struggles after ECB officials reopen easing debate; yen slips
e Zack Brown's potato salad Kickstarter reaches $40000, is 'really honored' by  ...
b Walgreen Company (WAG) Posts Quarterly Results
e Eva Mendes is expecting her first child with Ryan Gosling
e Say What? 'Twilight' Star Rob Pattinson Says He's "Homeless"
b Medtronic seeks tax cut with Covidien purchase
b American Apparel boots Dov Charney
m Bionic Pancreas Helps Diabetics In Study
e Kevin Bacon reprises Footloose dance on Tonight Show
e Paul McCartney back on stage after hospitalisation
e WWE Raw 14/04/2014: Ultimate Warrior Tribute Show – Live on Sky Sports 3  ...
b China Calls Hong Kong Democracy Vote a 'Joke'
b Abercrombie & Fitch declares Q1 dividend of $0.20/share
t US: Stop using Internet Explorer until security holes are fixed
e Summer season goes out with a bang
t Oculus Rift release date
e Police Release Previously Unseen Photos From Kurt Cobain's Death Scene
t Defiantly plastic: designing the Galaxy S5
t Samsung Galaxy S4 Case, Price & Review: Android 4.4 KitKat Update & What  ...
b Tohoku Electric seeks damages from TEPCO for Fukushima disaster
e Miley Cyrus Denies That Her Recent Hospital Stay Was Because Of A Drug  ...
e Did Kim Kardashian Just 'Free The Nipple'?
e Game of Thrones season 4 spoilers: Westeros has changed forever after  ...
e Amazon offers music to Prime members
b Flipkart acquires Myntra; to invest $100 mn in fashion business
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Leaked (Video)
e Former WWE Star The Ultimate Warrior Died of Heart Disease
b Consumer Spending Increases by Most in 3 Months
t WWE Digital Network Signs Up Over 600000 Subscribers in First 42 Days
b Toyota to move US base from California to Texas
m Sierra Leone confirms at least one Ebola case
e Lecrae Sues Katy Perry for Allegedly Stealing Song
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Review Roundup: The Geeks Speak Out
b US annual deficit expected to fall
b Frustration and suspicion over missing Malaysian jet
b Destination Maternity proposes merger with Mothercare
b Pinterest wins new funding, raising valuation to $5 bn
e Box-Office Preview: 'Rio 2,' 'Captain America: Winter Soldier' Prepare for Battle
e New York Mayor Awkwardly Sings 'I Love LA' on Jimmy Kimmel After Losing Bet  ...
e Acrobatic 'hair hanging' painful circus art practised by very few
e Stephen Colbert denies sending controversial tweet
t Microsoft OneDrive to offer 15GB free storage, Office 365 gets up to 1TB
b Teva Strikes Deal With Pfizer To Sell Generic Celebrex
e Emmy Awards 2014 can now consider Keeping Up with the Kardashians
m Blood test can predict Alzheimer's, says study published in Nature Medicine
m Surgery not 'best option' for Jim Kelly
m It's not a flesh-eating bacteria in Florida Beaches, but you should still read this
b Russia tests Obama's ability to stop its advances
e Security guard seriously injured after crowd storms fence at Ultra Fest
e Robert Downey, Jr. pledges support to son after drug arrest
e Jordana Brewster - Jordana Brewster apprehensive about filming Fast and  ...
t Nintendo promises 'more inclusive' games in wake of #Miiquality campaign
t Sony tops console sales; Microsoft 1st in revenue
e 'Happy' Video Dancers, But Not Director, Freed In Iran, Group Says
b BMW plans $1 billion expansion at factory in Greer, SC
t Sharing cyberthreat details not antitrust violation, US says
m Most Americans support Obamacare's birth control mandate, study finds
t Android 5.0 to launch as 'Lollipop' at Google I/O 2014
e Ban Bossy? I Don't Think So. Be Bossier.
b Here's why so many people want to work at Google, Facebook
t 'Potentially spectacular' meteor shower over USA and Canada
t US regulators under fire for inactivity on GM recall
e Jane Fonda & Lily Tomlin's Husbands Will Hook Up In A New Gay-Themed  ...
b Another worrying sign as sales of new homes slow
e Kim Kardashian Copies Jessica Alba's Weight Loss Secret for Wedding
m Caffeine Has a Gender Divide. Affects Young Males and Females Differently
b US government seeks greater disclosure of airline fees
m Family of British Ebola patient William Pooley praise care
e Avicii: DJ Tim Bergling cancels Ultra Festival show in Miami to undergo gall  ...
b Brent falls to near $110
e 'The Voice': Gwen Stefani Performs “Hollaback Girl,” Pharrell Does “Come Get It  ...
e Christina Grimmie The Voice “Hold On, We're Going Home” Video 4/28/14  ...
b Argentina Seeks to Sue U.S. at the Hague over Debt Dispute
t UPDATE: Here is the iPhone 6, Based on Leaked Diagrams
b Chinese satellite images could provide clues to missing Malaysian airliner
e 'Game Of Thrones' Writer Reveals Tyrion Trial For King's Murder Proves  ...
t Samsung Galaxy F (Galaxy Prime S5): Leaked photos show glowing gold  ...
e Lea Michele dating former gigolo?
t Life in outer space: scientists make a breakthrough
e 'Batman v Superman' official logo, subtitle revealed
t New iOS Apps, Games and JB Tweaks of the Week: LEGO Super Heroes  ...
e Review and trailer: Maleficent (PG) is an enchanting twist on an old favourite
e Starbucks CEO backs minimum wage raise
b Ackman working with Valeant to press for Allergan takeover
b Amazon Meets Q1 EPS Target
e Jennifer Lawrence Nicholas Hoult Break Up? No, But Actress Says They 'Ignore  ...
t Amazon Smartphone Spotted
b Philips to merge LED components, auto lighting into standalone business
t Twitter adds 'mute' option for unwanted posts
e 'Orphan Black': Tatiana Maslany on what she can do even better in season 2
m Search for Etihad passengers launched
t PS4 update to add video capture editing tools
e Pharrell Williams cries tears of joy during Oprah interview
b Yahoo sees marginal dip in Q1 revenues; net income drops 20%
t Yahoo shareholders promised return on Alibaba
e Clamp failure eyed in Providence circus accident
b Posted by Imaduddin
t HTC One (2014) to be a Verizon Wireless exclusive at launch [RUMOR]
t BlackBerry's BBM Protected now live
t Introducing the HTC One (M8): did 'the best' just get better?
b Are Consumers Still Hesitant About the Future?
t It's impossible to upgrade the entry-level iMac's 8GB of RAM
e Seth Rogen and Zac Efron's 'Neighbours' unseats Spider-Man at weekend box  ...
e 'Agents of SHIELD' Season 1 finale opening scene: Cybertek has its eyes on  ...
b TIMELINE-How Malaysia's Flight MH370 went missing
m 7 million deaths linked to air pollution annually:
t Samsung named exclusive Android partner for SKY GO
m MIT Scientists Use Lasers to Replace Bad Memories with Good Ones in Mice
t Bird is the word for newly discovered 'remarkable' fossil
e Michael Strahan Morning Star Is Rising VIDEO
t Meet Kepler-186f: First exoplanet found to be 'almost like Earth'
b Medtronic buying Covidien for US$42.9bn
t GM recalls 475000 more vehicles
e Play "Jeopardy!" With Champion Julia Collins and "New Day"!
t Microsoft Unveils Office 365 Personal For Individual Use
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West reportedly getting married this weekend
e Paltrow's mom upset about 'uncoupling' news
e Mickey Rooney, Hollywood's First Teen Star, Dies at 93
e Weird Al Yankovic Parodies Lorde's 'Royals' in New 'Foil' Video
e Meet the cast of Transcendence on The Front Row with Anupama Chopra
e Photos: Jamie Lynn Spears Celebrates Her Wedding
e Sue Townsend was working on her tenth Adrian Mole book when she died
b Coldwater Creek files Chapter 11, will go out of business; company has store in  ...
e Who's that band? Twenty One Pilots on the 2014 MTV Movie Awards
t Microsoft's Nadella trumpets early Office for iPad success on Twitter
b 'Too big to fail' equals 'too eager to borrow'
b How Subway Toasted Quiznos
t Indian scientists discover new species of 'dancing frogs'
e And the winner of the largest BitTorrent swarm ever goes to…
m E-cigarettes help Smokers to Quit: University College London
t Apple 16GB iPod Touch overhauled with rear camera, new vibrant colours
t Cortana Will Arrive In India On The Windows Phone 8.1 Update 1 By Next Week
t Station Crew Awaits Cygnus' Arrival and Prepares Progress for Departure
m Giraffe Gives Dying Zoo Worker A Final Greeting
e Angelina Jolie's Maleficent proves to be the fiercest of them all
e Chris Martin and Gwyneth Paltrow are determined to appear cordial for the sake  ...
e Josh Elliott Leaving Good Morning America for NBC Sports
t 2 Indians among top 10 of Intel science awards
b Gainers in Major news: Allergan (NYSE:AGN), Broadcom Corporation (NASDAQ  ...
e Michael Jackson new album tracklist: 'Xscape' set for May 15 release date  ...
e Jennifer Lopez to be the first female artist to win the Icon Award
b US STOCKS-Earnings, healthcare help lift Wall Street
t Steve Jobs on Apple iTelevision: "TV is a terrible business"
e Teen tweets apparent terror threat to American Airlines; airline responds
e Jessica Chastain has not been offered a role on 'True Detective'
e Bogus royal redhead stars in 'I Wanna Marry Harry'
b OECD calls for Fed to be cautious in tapering
t Antarctica's Ice Losses Double, Study Says
b Tim Hortons tries out giant 'Buffalo Crunch' doughnut
e Box Office: 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' Rakes in $8.8M Thursday Night
t Coffee Club: How Social are You on Social Media?
e Amazon adds music streaming service
b India Morning Call-Global Markets
b Economy Watch: Homebuilders Confidence a Little Rattled
m Whole Foods: Recalled Meat 'Not At Risk' For Mad Cow
e Daniel Radcliffe - Harry Potter Swaps His Wand For Scissors As He Shows Off  ...
t The eBay data compromise: What you need to know
e BBC America brings back 'Orphan Black,' 'Broadchurch'; adds Cornwell 'Saxon  ...
b Shultz and Nunn: US Must Think 'Strategically' After Russian Aggression
e A complete timeline of LA's 'Maleficent' premiere (including that attack on Brad)
t RIP, Net Neutrality
b Weir Proposes Merger With Finland's Metso to Reduce Expenses (2)
e 'A Million Ways to Die in the West' Seth MacFarlane's potty-mouthed attempt at  ...
t Samsung launches Galaxy K zoom in India for Rs 29999
t Microsoft: Xbox and Bing aren't going anywhere
e No felony charge for Justin Bieber in alleged cellphone snatching
e Lupita Nyong'o Is People's Most Beautiful!
b Ukraine crisis complicates German-French spat over euro
b Councilmen call for DWP report on water main break near UCLA
b US stocks gain on data, Ukraine weighs; Dow ends flat
b Turkish PM: “We'll eradicate Twitter”
m Signs and symptoms of Ebola
e Review: Leslie Mann struggles valiantly but can't save the rotten 'The Other  ...
m Illinois House Approves Medical Cannabis for Epileptic Kids
e Big Brother 16 Losing A Daughter, But Gains A Son In 'Alex'
t Local Techies Caution Against Using Internet Explorer Temporarily
e 'Game Of Thrones': Bran Stark's Secret…
e Thiefy McThief, North West Is Already Stealing Jewelry From Her Famous Aunts
m UPDATE 1-Death toll from West Africa Ebola outbreak jumps to 603 -WHO
e Jay-Z and Beyonce dine out together
e Kim K clears up wedding rumours
e This is what riding the world's tallest water slide is like (Hint: Terrifying)
b Holder: Citigroup settlement doesn't preclude prosecution
t Facebook rolls out location-sharing feature
t Samsung GALAXY Tab S To Be Launched In India Tomorrow
m What This Derm Found in Her Belly Button Will Shock You
e J. Rivers Fat-Shames Actress Dunham for Positive Message
t 4-Eyed Daddy Longlegs Helps Explain Arachnid Evolution
e Video: North Korea says Seth Rogen movie about Kim assassination plot an 'act  ...
t Stellar 'Mario Kart 8' Sales Can't Keep Nintendo From Massive Quarterly Loss
m Teen owns up to weight problem, drops nearly 200 pounds
m World Health Organization declares spread of polio an international public  ...
e 'Shield' actor Michael Jace called emergency services, told operator he shot his  ...
e #NoFilter: Ariana Grande Opens Up About Falling “Out Of Touch” With Her  ...
e Big price for A Small World: Day at Disneyland now costs $96
t WhatsApp banned in Iran because Zuckerberg is Jewish?
b GM adds 971000 cars to ignition switch recall
m Saudi MERS deaths top 100
e “Girls Gone Wild” founder booked on assault charge
e 'Neighbors': The Bro Comedy Grows Up
t Investigators Target eBay Over Massive Data Breach
m Another Measles Outbreak In US: What Everyone Should Know
b ECB's Draghi says appreciated FX rate a risk to recovery
t Search for Rosetta's Philae landing site narrows
e Prince to Reissue Purple Rain For 30th Anniversary
b Flipkart acquires Myntra, to invest $100 mln in fashion business
b Pfizer on verge of ditching AstraZeneca buy
b Can you feel the Beats?
m Med School Class of 2014 Matches
e 'Mad Men' Season 7, episode 5 recap: 'The Runaways' can't escape the crazy
e Francis Bean Isn't Impressed With Lana Del Rey's Suicidal Act
e AP Exclusive: Picasso painting reveals hidden man
e 'Hedwig and the Angry Inch' Theater Review: Neil Patrick Harris Crosses Over to  ...
m Study finds many health entries on Wikipedia inaccurate
b FedEx, The Fed, and Freight: An Economic Tale
e BWW TV: On the Red Carpet for Opening Night of THE CRIPPLE OF INISHMAAN!
e Newspaper says sorry after Clooney slams story
e Weird Al's Brand-New Video Is the First of Eight
b Microsoft Corp' earnings beat Wall Street estimates on new CEO Satya Nadella's  ...
e Actress Lindsay Lohan is suing the makers of 'Grand Theft Auto'
e Movie review: 'Tammy'
e Carrie Fisher Mum On 'Star Wars' Sequel Except To Say She Had To Lose 35  ...
b Missing Malaysian Flight MH370: Search area shifts after Boeing looks at engine  ...
b Senior-Level Elections, Spinoffs, Operational Updates, New Products, and  ...
e The Billboard Music Awards 2014: Watch All The Performances HERE!! Plus  ...
b US stock market ends higher as earnings pour in - Live5News.com | Charleston  ...
t Net companies to FCC: Abandon 'Apparent' Net Neutrality Path
t Dinosaurs to Birds. How It Happened
b Zillow Inc.: Zillow Announces Acquisition of Trulia for $3.5 Billion in Stock
t Brilliant Mars to grace eastern sky as it passes Earth
t Apple and Google dismiss smartphone patent lawsuits
b Weiner, Mulally top top CEO list
m Obama nominates Sylvia Matthews Burwell as health secretary
m App fights jet lag with the power of math
t Aereo, Shire, Lenovo, Tilted Kilt: Intellectual Property
t Camelopardalids and ISS
e Single Gwyneth ready to have fun
e Selena Gomez - Selena Gomez angers neighbours with loud music
e Katherine Heigl files $6 million lawsuit
e Photos: Tom Brady And Gisele Bundchen Selling Sprawling Brentwood Estate 4  ...
m More older women becoming first-time moms
t Microsoft axes Nokia X Android project, cuts 18000 jobs
e In a galaxy not too far, far away: 'Godzilla' director will now make a 'Star Wars' film
b Southwest Florida unemployment climbs
e 'Game Of Thrones' Season 4, Episode 3 Review: Sex And Violence
t Amazon gearing up to release a 3D smartphone in June?
b UPDATE 1-Valeant CEO "disappointed" in Allergan poison pill - CNBC
t Sleepless Canadians from coast to coast will catch a total lunar eclipse Monday  ...
b American, US Airways tweak fees, mileage rules
e UPDATE 1-NY Met Opera proposes federal mediators in bitter labor dispute
b GoPro's IPO priced at $24 per share: underwriter
t Report: Customers Hate TWC, Comcast The Most
b Deadline Day: Obamacare Website Down
m Hospital staff, relatives test negative for MERS virus
b Afghan attack kills 4 foreign troops, 12 Afghans
e 'Brick Mansions' crumbles
m Scientists discover a blood test for suicide risk
t 'Heartbleed' computer bug threat spreads to firewalls, mobile phones
t Street Fight Daily: Facebook's 'Nearby Friends,' Twitter Debuts App Promo Suite
t Samsung's Galaxy Tab 4 lineup reaches the US on May 1st
m Less booze, more text for US teens: study
m Segway inventor's Star Wars-inspired robotic arm earns FDA approval, gives  ...
t NASA releases iconic documentary of first moon landing for free
t Michigan gas prices rose 5 cents last week
e Cinco de Mayo Parade in Detroit cut short after deadly shooting
e Tiger Woods' girlfriend Lindsey Vonn is good friends with his ex-wife Elin  ...
m Vegetarians, vegans be warned: E. coli outbreak in hummus, walnuts and dips
e New X-Men Meet Old X-Men for More Talk Than Fun
t Apple agrees to pay $450 mn in ebook fixing lawsuit
b Earnings drop at JPMorgan drags bank stocks lower
t Driverless cars to hit public UK roads by 2015
t Facebook will gather more user information, but offer more control over ads
b Investors flee tech stocks; Nasdaq plummets
e Early release date for Dawn of the Planet of the Apes sparks protest
e Fox cuts back on 'American Idol'
t GM names new safety chief amid recall scandal
m Ebola: a ruthless killer
b Why Pinnacle Foods (PF) Stock Soared to a One-Year High Today
e Kate Winslet Receiving Star on Hollywood Walk of Fame Today!
t Amazon showcases Fire Phone with 3D views and gesture control
e ABC renews Agents of SHIELD, picks up another Marvel show
e Andi Dorfman and Josh Murray Have Picked a Wedding Date — When Is It?
e Kaley Cuoco on Dating Superman: The Recognition Was Crazy!
e Spinners and Spoons and Special Days
b Yen Falls Against Majors
b AOL Q1 Beats Street On Revenues Of $583M, Misses EPS On $22M Of Charges
t Google buys music playlist generator Songza
e Joe Manganiello cops a new look for 'Sabotage'
t Galaxy S5 with two new anti-theft features
e 'True Detective' Finale Crashes HBO Go
e Twins Say HGTV was 'Bullied' Into Canceling Their Show
m 26/05/2014Syria refugees denied cancer treatment: UNHCR
b GM invests $449M in Michigan electric vehicles facilities
b Coca-Cola's volume growth slows in January-March quarter
t Consumer Reports says smartphone theft nearly doubled in 2013
m Five mutations could send bird flu virus airborne : Study
e Solange Knowles: 'My Family & I Are All Good'
t NASA's abandoned space probe restarted successfully
t Sony warns users that its VAIO Fit risks catching fire (update)
b Darden Sells Red Lobster, Holds on to Olive Garden
t Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 specs revealed in GFX Bench results
b Alstom Has Options After Siemens and MHI Offer
m Pfizer's Novel CDK 4/6 Inhibitor Palbociclib plus Letrozole Significantly  ...
e Investigators: Paul Walker Lived for Speed, Died of Speed
t Earnings and Sales From Google Disappoint
t 'Mario Kart 8' totally rocks
t Microsoft Starts Taking European Union 'Right to be Forgotten' Requests
m Harsh winter does little to ease Lyme disease worries
t Apple reveals OS X 10.10 Yosemite features at WWDC 2014
t Smoking Gun Evidence Spotted for Universe's Early Growth Spurt
b New York is central in modified-food label debate
e Ben Affleck 'banned from blackjack' in Las Vegas casino amid 'card-counting  ...
t Watch 300 Rise Of An Empire Online Full Movie Free 2014 Director by Noam  ...
t Images from Rosetta Reveal Shape of Comet Quarry
e Tony Bennett & Lady Gaga's 'Cheek To Cheek' Gets 9/23 Release Date; Check  ...
e NBC cancels 'Community,' Revolution'
e Smart horror film terrifies and, ultimately, disappoints.
t Google offering $150 credit after Verizon Chromebook Pixel data freebie snafu
b TABLE-OECD quarterly GDP forecasts for major economies
m Learning to help people with poor mental health
e Rihanna embodies a fashion icon at the CFDA Awards
e Superstar DJ Avicii hospitalized; cancels Ultra Music Festival and other Miami  ...
e Cameron Diaz says she won't become a sex tape victim
e Jamie Foxx to Take on Mike Tyson in Upcoming Biopic
b Malaysian Air Crew Spouse Asks Court's Aid for Lawsuit
e 'Magic In The Moonlight' Trailer: Woody Allen Knows What His Fans Want To See
t Former eMusic CEO gives his take on rumored Apple/Beats deal
b Lady Gaga has been enlisted in California's drought relief efforts
e Lupita named Most Beautiful Person
e The family members of late actor MICKEY ROONEY have settled their dispute  ...
e 'Muppets Most Wanted' Interview: Ty Burrell on Puppeteer Magic
b PHH Mortgage, BB&T Bank Mortgage Interest Rates Today Mar 22
t Samsung Adds $600 of S5 Freebies to Fend Off Apple
t Amazon buys video-game streaming site Twitch
e 'Fed Up' film takes aim at sugar and obesity
e Juan Pablo: You Were Right Not To Propose On 'The Bachelor'
e Cobie Smulders Drops Some 'HIMYM' Finale Nuggets On Letterman Show: Video
t More Reports Tip Phablet-Sized iPhones
b SunTrust Mortgage settles federal probe for up to $320 million
b Market Basket mutiny threatened
t As Debate Goes On, the Military Prepares for Climate Change
e Stewart and Colbert Lightsaber Duel Over Who's a Bigger Star Wars Nerd
b UK Dec-quarter current account deficit £22.4bn
e 'Thor' actor Hemsworth welcomes newborn twins
e Iranian hardliners draw a line in the sand over people being too Happy
t Facebook users can 'Ask' about relationship status
b ANALYSIS-RPT-Obama's Asia pivot tested by China's bold maritime claims
e Brussels shooting suspect to be extradited to Belgium
e Weird Al Yankovic "NOW That's What I Call Polka!"
t Bridgmanite: Earth's Most Abundant Mineral Named after Nobel Physicist
t Ford Recalls Fuel Efficient Cars
t Times Colonist Bloggers
t Comcast's $45 bln deal warrants some utility logic
b General Motors Company (NYSE:GM): US Sen. Doesn't Favors The Request For  ...
t Facebook tests a Buy button on ads and posts
e Macklemore Apologizes for What Some Consider Anti-Semitic Costume
e Will Smith In Talks For Drama About NFL And Concussions
t New meteor shower to grace night skies
t ThinkPad battery packs could be fire hazard
t Sprint Earnings: Subscriber Losses Continue But Network Overhaul Could Turn  ...
e Miley Cyrus' Tatas Needed To Be Unleashed! See What Happened At Her  ...
b China anti-graft watchdog visits Roche amid pharma crackdown
e Britain's Future King, Prince George Takes His First Steps
m Phoenix VA health-care probes expected to widen
e Kanye West and Kim Kardashian Practiced Wedding Kiss 'For Like Four Days'
e Michael Jace: 5 Fast Facts You Need to Know
e 'Walking Dead' Season 4 FINALE SPOILERS: Carl Tries Saving A Victim  ...
t Blood Moon 2014 cometh Monday, LADEE spacecraft the fall guy
b IMF likely to dictate Pakistan on budget in today's talks
e VIDEO: Lionel Richie's Name Misspelled As “Ritchie” At BET Awards As He  ...
t Microsoft offers affordable Nokia Lumia 635 and Fitbit Flex bundle
b New food labels for genetically modified ingredients
b Aviation organizations meet in Montreal for high-level meeting
e 'The Voice' Recap: Season 6 Battle Rounds, Part 3
b Twitter's CEO Dick Costolo and Co-founders Don't Plan to Sell Shares
b Futures marginally lower as market mulls Home Depot results
b FAA proposes to fine Southwest Airlines $12M
e DWTS Recap: Which Fan-Favorite Couple Was Cut on Disney Night?
b UberX to cut rates in NYC, and claims its drivers will make more money
e First Trailer For David Fincher's Gone Girl
e Brian Williams raps Snoop Dogg's 'Gin And Juice' in new mix from Jimmy Fallon  ...
t Samsung announces budget KitKat smartphone
b Scientific Games Buys Bally Technologies for $5.1 Billion
e Arrests of six youngsters in video dancing to Pharrel Williams 'Happy' highlight  ...
e Man arrested for allegedly raping girl at Keith Urban concert
e 'Passion of the Christ' UP TV Premiere Delivers Network's Highest Ever Ratings
t Why Latest Cheap Apple iMac Is A Rip-Off
b ​China and Russia ink $430bn gas deal
t The Right to Be Forgotten Isn't Just About Fixing Reputations
t Law enforcement officials in 40 Michigan counties step up enforcement of seat  ...
t AFP Energy change is key to meeting UN climate goal
b Will ECB Flip The Playing Field?
e Animated update sure ain't your grandpa's Oz
e Seth Meyers to host Emmy Awards telecast
e 'Transformers' Star Mark Wahlberg Calls Out Optimus Prime's Big Secret
t Kepler Space Telescope Gets A New Exoplanet-Hunting Mission
b Ride-sharing app could make move to S.C., may hit speed bumps
e Lady Gaga Strips For New Video
e Bethenny Frankel Compares 'RHONYC' to Vietnam War
e Barbara Walters to make final appearance on The View on May 16
e Comic-Con 2014 Through the Lens: A Photo Essay
b Ryanair launches business service
e Shaun White shows up at teen's prom
m Tree trimmer survives chainsaw accident
e Mad Men's Six Best Music Moments
m Report: Autism estimate grows to 1 in 68 children
t UPDATE 2-GM employees under probe for defective ignition switch -sources
b Iowa's unemployment rate increases slightly
m Legislature seeks to broaden Lyme Disease treatment
e Game of Thrones: The cast reveal who they want on the Iron Throne
t Water-rich gem suggests presence of vast 'oceans' hidden beneath the Earth
e Ultimate Warrior died of heart disease: autopsy
t Elephants can gauge threat from human voices: Study 0
b German Life Insurers to Remain under Pressure from Investment Margins
m FDA's proposed rules for e-cigarettes stir up controversy
e Great Options for St. Patrick's Day in Chicago
t Samsung's new smartwatch has a $300 price tag
m Sarepta Drug Could Go Before FDA Sooner Than Seen -- 2nd Update
e Watch the World Deteriorate in New Dawn of the Planet of the Apes Promos
t Amazon Fire Phone Release Date REVEALED: Jeff Bezos Unveils New  ...
b NJ unemployment rate holds steady at 7.1 percent
e Wait, WHAT?! Lindsay Lohan Casually Shares The Fact That She's Been "On  ...
b China, Russia sign natural gas deal
t Samsung Galaxy S5 fingerprint scanner fooled using iPhone 5s trick
e 'It Still Doesn't Feel Real': Paul Walker's Brother Cody Admits Still Struggling To  ...
t Microsoft expands Nokia line of Android phones with the X2
b Shares slide but claw back some ground, as spooked investors weigh up  ...
b Microsoft CEO Nadella's cloud push pays off as third-quarter earnings beat Street
b National Nurses United to host march Friday against Detroit water shutoffs
m National “Kick Butts” Day Steers Kids Away from Smoking
m Stop Routine Pelvic Exams, Doctors Group Says
e 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier' sets April record with $96.2M
e Justin Bieber And Selena Gomez Reunited? Former Couple Indulge In Some  ...
m Study: Electrical Stimulation of Brain Alters Dreams
b US consumer confidence dips in April, improvements expected
m SAA not suspending routes over Ebola
m ACP says no need for pelvic exams
e Film Review: 'Jersey Boys' leaves you craving for more
e Third Hollywood Sex-Abuse Lawsuit Dropped Against Theater Producer
m Study Finds that Diet Soda Can Help People Shed Weight
b New £1 coin design 'most secure in the world'
b Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) Has The Fastest Green Car
e Federal Agency Reverses Approval For Line Of Powdered Alcohol Products
e Court papers: L'Wren Scott leaves entire $9 million estate to longtime boyfriend  ...
e Sir Paul McCartney Hospitalised
t Internet outraged by Facebook's 'creepy' mood experiment
b 1st LD Writethru: U.S. dollar rises ahead of jobs report
e First trailer for Clint Eastwood's 'Jersey Boys'
t APNewsBreak: Lesser prairie chicken listed as threatened species, 5 states  ...
m Hospital, hockey leagues push cancer testing
t Watch clueless Conan O'Brien play 6 minutes of Watch Dogs
e Kanye Returns To Bonnaroo — But Second Coming Of Yeezus Divides Festival
b Scott takes lead as state's fastest-growing county
b Walmart Recalls Dolls Over Burn Risk
e 'Winter Sleep' wins Palme d'Or at Cannes festival
e Jason Momoa Cast As Aquaman In Man Of Steel Sequel - Report
e Robin Thicke performing new song about Paula Patton at Billboard Music Awards
m Could eye and smell tests offer early Alzheimer's diagnosis?
e Record Store Day Is Next Saturday, April 19!
e 'The Leftovers' is a disturbing but dreary new HBO drama
e Good News, There's a Christian Alternative to Fifty Shades of Grey
b Euro Loses Against A Stronger Dollar
m Liberia shuts schools as Ebola spreads, Peace Corps leaves 3 countries
b 3D Systems outlook cautious
m ALERT: Beef recall over mad cow disease concerns
b Sun Pharmaceutical gets FDA import ban on Gujarat plant
b 'Credible lead' shifts search area for missing Malaysian jet 0
e Rihanna deletes explosive political tweet after outrage: 'I didn't even know I  ...
m E-cigarettes worry doctors, draw ex-smokers' praise
e Warner Bros. announces title for 2016 'Superman/Batman' movie
b Federal workers owe IRS $3 billion in unpaid taxes
b Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) blamed for declines in Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ  ...
e Michael Jace Due in Court Thursday on Homicide Charges
t Climate Change Threatens India's Food Securiy
t Apple loses bid to show patent use in trial
b Family Dollar to close about 370 stores
t Here comes Android TV from Google
e Did Andi Dorfman Sleep with Both Josh Murray, Nick Viall in Bachelorette  ...
t GALLERY: Hyundai and students make a fuel cell fashion statement
e Maven's Morning Coffee: Pot shops in LA, new appointment to Coastal  ...
e Lindsay Lohan and Billy Eichner Got So Mad About 'HIMYM' Ending that They  ...
b Amazon delivery drones edge closer to reality
b BP says it remains committed to Rosneft co-operation despite US sanctions on  ...
t 2015 Ford Mustang 50 Year Limited Edition Debuts At 2014 New York Auto Show
e Our 15 Favorite 'Mad Men' Couples And Hookups
e Victoria's Secret Angel Candice Swanepoel Grabs No. 1 Spot On Maxim's Hot  ...
e Get the Most Popular Beauty World News Stories in a Weekly Newsletter
b California jobless claims increase by 17000 (Video)
b RXi Pharmaceuticals Set to Join Russell Microcap Index
b First Marijuana Licenses To Be Issued in Washington State
e North West's Birthday Party was Fancier than the Grammys
t Bigfoot hair samples discounted by DNA testing
t The Chairman of the FCC Claims He's Committed to an Open Internet
b Dollar trades at lower 101 yen in early Tokyo trading
e Keith Urban concertgoers took photos of alleged rape, police say
t Octopus Mother Protects Her Eggs for an Astonishing 4.5 Years
b 3D Systems Corporation (DDD) Earnings: More Than Just Fundamentals
b Wall Street on edge; Darden sells Red Lobster; Housing starts jumps
e Australia distances itself from disgraced Rolf Harris
e Holy Fire en route to Moscow
t Samsung's smartphone sales slide
e Colbert visits Late Show
b Dollar Weakens as Stocks Climb; Treasuries Little Changed
m Too many visitors leads to drug bust in patient's hospital room
e Tech-centric 'Sex Tape' finds humor in the cloud
b Stock market yawns following positive report on US economy, no surprises from  ...
t Apple Says iCloud Not Compromised In "Oleg Pliss" iOS Ransom Attack
e 'The Voice': Pharrell Williams to replace Cee Lo Green
e 'DuckTales' theme gets a groovy makeover
t Missing from the Amazon Fire phone: A special voice or data plan from AT&T
e Special services mark Holy Week
t French minister whines at new web domains
e Gomez's rehab pressure
b Unilever To Sell Ragu, Bertolli Brands To Japan's Mizkan For $2.15 Bln In Cash
e 'How I Met Your Mother': Fairy Tale Finale! What Did YOU Think?
t Samsung unveils Galaxy Tab S in India
e Eminem - Headlights
e WATCH: Eminem Apologises To His Mum In Touching New Video Clip For  ...
e One Direction's Zayn Malik & Louis Tomlinson Allegedly Smoke Marijuana in  ...
t First Heartbleed-Based Cyberattacks Discovered
t Six hot cars at this year's New York Auto Show
t Google I/O 2014: Nexus 10 2, Universal App Backup, Android 5.0 & Other  ...
b A quick guide to the latest jobs report
m Experts to advise WHO on whether MERS is a public health emergency
t When startled by predators, tiny fruit flies respond like fighter jets
e Conchita Wurst goes through to Eurovision 2014 grand final
e New posthumous Michael Jackson album XSCAPE coming in May
t NEW YORK MOTOR SHOW: Ford Mustang 50 Year Limited Edition
t Get ready for the "blood moon" lunar eclipse
t Who Should Pay To Keep The Internet's Locks Secure?
e Movies opening this week: July 6
e 'Sherlock' could return in December 2015
b War on Women: Record Number Not in Labor Force in June
b Fiat Chrysler plans dozen launches to expand
t What Tesla Stands To Gain From Sharing Its Patents
e Robert Downey Jr. And Wife Susan Expecting Their Second Child Together--and  ...
b Sunny Days At JCPenney; Gloomier Skies at Walmart
t FCC Considering Same Net Neutrality Rules for Mobile Internet Traffic
b Anti-Uber protest snarls DC traffic
b US consumer spending rises, but sentiment slips
e Khloe Kardashian and sisters enjoy Paris shopping spree with Kris Jenner  ...
t Oracle wins Google case appeal; judges rule APIs can be copyrighted
b Stocks to Watch: Exxon Mobil, Time Warner Cable, T-Mobile US
b Swiss mull creation of world's top minimum wage
e Erykah Badu Crashes Live New Broadcast, Tries To Kiss On-Air Reporter
b Southwest Airlines fined $12 million for inadequate repairs
e Eminem apologises to mother in new music video
b Europe open: Stocks mixed after global manufacturing data
e Solance 'at peace' over Jay-Z elevator bust-up
t Lunar spaceprobe captures Earthrise over the Moon
e 'Captain America' largest April opener with $95M
e 12 Funniest Reactions To 'Game Of Thrones' Purple Wedding
e 'Spider-Man' Producers Reveal Spinoff Movie Details
e The X-Men finally feel familiar on big screen with 'Days of Future Past'
e Chris Evans Says He Wants to Quit Acting
e WATCH: Keira Knightley Plays a Singer in 'Begin Again' Trailer
e Edgar Wright Walks Away From Ant-Man
t Blackberry US shares fall after the bell
t EBay asks users to change password after cyberattack
b Burger King To Ink Tax-Dodging Deal With Canadian Company?
m 182 die from ebola in Guinea, says health officer
t Paratarsotomus Macropalpis, a Mite, Is World's Fastest Land Animal
t Google Nest Announcement Leaves Privacy Questions Unanswered While  ...
b Allergan Price Target Increased to $200.00 by Analysts at Susquehanna (AGN)
t Email encryption becoming widespread, says Google
t Google Hangouts Receives An Update With Merged Conversations And More
t Facebook begins rollout of new Nearby Friends feature in the US
b Brooks: The moral power of curiosity
b Attack on Russian Embassy in Kiev a provocation to war
b Chrysler's March US sales rise 13%; GM delays statement
b Why the Mainstream Fails to Understand Recessions
m Guttmacher Institute Study Finds US Teen Pregnancy, Birth and Abortion Rates  ...
t NASA releases Hubble's 'most colourful view of universe'
e Watch Emma Stone kick Jimmy Fallon's butt in an epic lip-sync battle on 'The  ...
t Asteroid impact glasses 'store proof of ancient life'
e Peaches Geldof: From Wild Child To Doting Mum
t IPCC scientists accused of 'marginalising' poor nations
t Apple Inc. (AAPL): Game Center hits 130 million monthly active users
b $58M Severance Package For Fired Yahoo COO After 15-Months On The Job
b Obama administration indicts Chinese individuals in hacking case
e 'Pointers' to the truth of Jesus' resurrection
e HOT!! Kristen Bell & Jenna Dewan-Tatum GET NAKED In Olivia Munn's Cover  ...
e Watch Emma Stone's Hilarious Lip Sync Battle With Jimmy Fallon On The  ...
e What Are You Afraid Of? Godzilla Then vs. Now
t Tribute: Colin Pillinger, Bristol professor behind Beagle 2 Mars mission
m New pill for hepatitis C shows great promise, but treatment can cost more than  ...
t First 2015 Corvette Z06 Coupe auctioned off for $1 million
e Watch Michael Jackson's hologram perform
e We're Not Sure How to Feel About This Miley Cyrus and Flaming Lips Cover of  ...
b US Stocks Pare Gains as Biotechnology Shares Extend Losses
b Wheat closes 21¢ Lower
m Mens' Odor Stresses Lab Mice, Which Could Skew Results
t eBay prompts password changes in wake of cyberattack
b What to Consider Before Switching to a Roth 401(k)
b Video captures large fish tank breaking inside Downtown Disney
e Amazon launches six new original TV programmes
e Emma Stone, Joaquin Phoenix to Star in Woody Allen's Next Film
m 4000 pounds of beef recalled in Missouri mad cow scare
e TVGN Orders New Kids on the Block Cruise Ship Series, Developing Singing  ...
b Euro Falls Against Dollar After Draghi Warning
b Filings Show Fight to Lead American Apparel
e 'The Bachelorette' Season 10 (2014) Winner: Jimmy Kimmel Predicts the Winner  ...
m Free colorectal cancer screenings available for uninsured, low-income  ...
b EU refuses to impose new sanctions against Russia
e Fox News Just Hired Clueless Actress Stacey Dash
e Court gives Miley restraining order
t iPhone 6 allegedly on display in leaked Foxconn photos
e Beyonce Shares Sweet Family Photos Amid Cheating Rumors
b Fed's George says economy 'ready' for higher rates
b Treasuries Extend Recovery From Last Week's Pullback
e Michael Jackson – “Loving You” & “Blue Gangsta”
e Julia Roberts talks about her half-sister's death for the first time
e Watch The Bachelor Finale Live Online: Live Streaming Video Of Juan Pablo's  ...
t Samsung may unveil 'watch-phone' as early as June: WSJ
t Big Iron Birthday: Mainframes Are 50
e Surprise, Joss Whedon fans: His new film, In Your Eyes, is now available via  ...
b Glencore sells copper mine to Chinese for £3.5bn
t Astronomers discover first potentially habitable Earth-sized planet
e Major Broadcasters Try To Take Aereo Streamer Down
e True Blood: Watch the First Trailer for the Final Season
m Medical workers work around clock to be ready for Ebola prevention
e Charlize Theron towers over Amanda Seyfried at A Million Ways To Die In The  ...
e Billy Joel - Alexa Ray Joel Faints While Performing On Stage
t Microsoft ups the ante in cloud storage price war
b FBI Investigating High Frequency Traders on Information Abuse
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West Wedding Update: Kimye Lands Second Vogue  ...
b Alibaba sales soar 46% as it moves closer to IPO launch
t Motorola rolls in high gear post google with new smartphone
b US beef prices highest since 1987
b Alibaba's open — just not to the US
m Health Officials Confirm New Case of West Nile Virus, Chikungunya Virus
t CERN Researchers Determine Particle Found in 2012 is Higgs Boson
b European Court throws out UK challenge to financial transaction tax
m US News & World Report ranks Mayo Clinic best in gastroenterology, GI surgery
t Could Obama's Limo Hypothetically Be Recalled?
t The HTC One (M8) Leak-Fest Continues with a 14 Minute Video Hands-On
e Game of Thrones season 4, episode 6 'The Laws of Gods and Men' recap
e X-Men: Days Of Future Past – a mutant masterpiece
t Google's Android Wear is about simplifying future
b Pfizer Drops $118 Billion AstraZeneca Bid As Time Runs Out
e 'Heaven Is For Real' movie review
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4's Model Numbers Confirmed
e See how you did predicting the MTV Movie Awards winners
t T-Mobile shares jump on Iliad buyout offer
m WHO: Spread of polio a world health emergency
t Cyber scams Gameover Zeus, Cryptolocker dismantled; AFP helps crush botnet  ...
b Home price appreciation expected to cool by half
e Juan Pablo does damage control | DailyDish
e See pics of Jennifer Lawrence as a bridesmaid 4:04PM
b Target taps soda exec for top job
b Candy Crush Saga-maker King Digital Entertainment (KING) loses in worst IPO  ...
t Google Glass: New hot item, to get stolen
m National HIV Testing Day 2014 Gives Busy 20-Somethings The Best Reason  ...
b Kristine Kaiser: Don't risk environment with fracking
m Red wine letdown
b US jury orders Takeda, Eli Lilly to pay $9 bln damages in Actos case -lawyer
b Russia's gas king taunts crumbling Europe over China pipeline coup
t NASA to Launch Duplicate Satellite After Disaster
b Pfizer-AstraZeneca Deal Could Face Public Interest Test, Says Cable
t First Ever Camelopardalid Meteor Shower to be Visible from Earth Next Week
b EUR/USD Falters as Makuch Warns of ECB Action and Euro Weakness
e A guide to Record Store Day 2014 in San Diego
b Duke Energy to meet with SC utilities commission
e Will Smith signs on to star in NFL concussion case drama
b Pound Snaps Six-Day Advance as Factory Growth Slows
b The End of Fannie (FNMA) and Freddie (FMCC)?
e Miranda Kerr credits low carb gluten-free diet, yoga and Pilates for hot body
t Iceland volcano: Bardarbunga remains quiet
m Infertility in males may lead to early death
t Scientists reveal 'chicken from hell' dinosaur discovery
e Two Easy Ways to Look Doll-Like, Even When You're Not Elle Fanning
e 'Thor' star Chris Hemsworth and wife Elsa Pataky welcome twin sons | The  ...
e Ban Bossy: Beyoncé, Victoria Beckham, Jane Lynch and more team up to  ...
b Toyota expected to settle fed probe for $1.2 billion
m Court Ruling: The Bloomberg 16-ounce Soda Ban is Finished
t Hands-on: HTC One M8 Dot View case brings a heavy dose of 80s nostalgia  ...
t Google's 'Street View' feature to offer virtual time travel
b Medicare will see boost, not cuts, in 2014
e German museum shows off living replica of van Gogh's ear
b Nollywood Hails Economic 'Approval'
b Siemens-Alstom tie-up would be 'big opportunity': Germany
e Marcus Grodd update: 'Bachelorette' star moves on from Andi by getting engaged
b Nikkei rises to new 6-month high; Nissan up on strong nos
m Kids getting codeine in ER despite risks
t Apple, Samsung cite and rebut internal memos in patent trial
b If I were the next CEO of Symantec
t Sprint CEO Says Strong No. 3 Needed Amid Price Wars
b S&P 500 ends at record on housing, HP
e Everyone's saying that Justin Bieber's 'compared himself to Princess Diana.' Not  ...
t Amazon to launch new smartphones soon: report
e Beyonce and Gucci Ring in More Change
e David Letterman Praises Stephen Colbert as His Successor
b Fed Unclear About Rate Increases
b Strong showing by California utilities in SEPA utility solar PV deployment rankings
b China shares gain on urbanisation plans, Hong Kong falls to 5-week low
e Shia LaBeouf isn't in a rehab facility but is getting treatment for alcoholism  ...
m Twin Cities Ranks 2nd In Annual Fit City Index
m New app appears to help people recovering from alcoholism
b Hong Kong stocks start 0.21% lower
t GM Recalls To Slow, Investors Refocus On Fundamentals
m Largest study to date finds insulin pumps result in better blood sugar control than  ...
b GoPro company goes public
e Hello Kitty Isn't Really a Cat, So We Can't Believe Anything Anymore
b Hedge fund engages Herbalife in multibillion-dollar feud
e There Could Be a Full House Revival In the Works — With Original Cast Members!
e 5 Last Minute Affordable Mother's Day Gift Ideas
e New 'Star Wars' installment will reunite old guard
e Apple CEO Marches in Gay Pride Parade
e 'Avatar' sequels to go into production
b French FM says US bank fine 'not reasonable'
t Breaking: The “97 Percent Climate Consensus” Canard
e Japanese pop group attacked by man with saw
t Microsoft Office might be coming to the iPad on 27 March
e Andy Samberg Portrays Joffrey From 'Game of Thrones' On Stage at the Emmys  ...
e There's a new 'Hunger Games: Mockingjay' Teaser
t The HTC One (M8) Review
e Morgan in fair condition after crash
m Michelle Obama Cries Foul on GOP Plan to Revamp School Lunch Rules
b Microsoft to cut up to 18000 jobs over next year
b Australia and Japan Enter into Trade Deal
b Target Canada web store won't launch this year: CEO
b Did Russia Just Push The World to the Brink of War?
t Tesla's opening sourcing of its patents
b Metals Pack Monthly Fundamental Forecast July 2014
b Boeing Stands to Benefit from Emirates' Cancellation of Airbus Order
m Mad Cow Concerns Result in a Beef Recall
t Microsoft sets no-contract Lumia 635 price: $99 with AT&T, $129 on T-Mobile
m High time to replace the 'dirty' handshake
m 30 Percent Jump in Autism Rates in Children
t Airbag problem results in millions of recalls by Honda, Ford, Toyota and more
e Diaz dishes on infidelity
t Apple Updates MacBook Pros, Cuts Prices Up to $100
e 'The Bachelorette' recap: Eric Hill's farewell is both bitter and sweet
t Sony offered to help make Titanfall for the Vita
t Review: Smartwatches don't live up to all of the hype
e Quentin Tarantino's 'Hateful Eight' Lawsuit Dismissed, But The Story's Not Over Yet
m World Health Organization Assures Support to Gov't in the Fight Against Ebola
t New Mexico still pursuing Tesla battery plant
t Apple Enters Uncharted Waters with Reported Beats Brand Acquisition
t Google will stop calling games 'free' when they offer in-app purchases
t Delhi beats Beijing, is the world's most polluted city : WHO study
b Student Borrowers Urged To Prevent 'Surprise Defaults'
b UPDATE 8-Brent oil sinks for 7th straight day to a one-month low
m Phase 3 First-Line Melanoma Study of Nivolumab, an Investigational PD-1  ...
t Oculus Rift used to demonstrate Internet lag induced frustration
b Raises stuck on uneven curve
t FCC Upgrades E-Rate With Billions in New Funding
b Argentina VP on corruption charges
b Government raises Medicare Advantage payment estimate for 2015
e Most Hilarious Spoofs on Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Vogue Cover: From  ...
e Lupita Nyong'o, Julia Louis-Dreyfus, Michael Fassbender and More Invited to  ...
b Stocks slip on Fed official's rate hike call
e Daily Mail Retracts Article, Issues Apology to Clooney for 'False Fiancée Story'
e Eavis went on to suggest that the festival might only have another six years left in  ...
e Joe Manganiello has a crush on Sofia Vergara
t Fallout parent company officially sues Oculus VR and Palmer Luckey [UPDATE]
t YouTube unveils a new studio app for creators, lets fans contribute funding and  ...
t EBay asks users to change password after breach (w/video)
t LG G3 specs confirmed by official LG site
t Tesco to launch own brand smartphone
b Hong Kong Stocks Fluctuate as Developers Drop, Solar Shares Rise
b Darden To Sell Red Lobster To Golden Gate Capital In $2.1 Bln Deal
b eBook Business Is Not All That Robust: Warner
b Forex - Euro close to 3-month lows against dollar
e Justin Bieber apologizes for Japan war shrine trip
m Even placenta helps baby girls survive battle for life
e It Looks Like Beyonce & Jay Z Skipped Kimye's Wedding
b Tokyo stocks open up 0.23%
b Stock Index Futures Ignoring Bearish News
e 'The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1' Movie TRAILER Release Teases Peeta  ...
b Dollar strengthens amid Fed meeting
b US stocks plunge, wiping out July's gains
e Watch: Men catch baby falling from second floor
e First poster trailer for David Fincher's Gone Girl starring Ben Affleck
t NASA's Opportunity holds the off-Earth roving distance record
b Can The NASDAQ Composite Reclaim The 50-Day MA?
t Astronaut snaps photo of World Cup lights from space
m Nearly 4000 doctors got more than $1 million from Medicare in 2012
b Overnight Markets: S&P 500 and Nasdaq rise on earnings
b Sahara Can Sell Property In 9 Cities To Raise Bail For Roy
t Outage of Verizon's online billing system affects customers across the US
e 'Big Bang Theory' gets three-year renewal from CBS
t Xbox becomes first console sold in China in 14 years
e Kim Kardashion and Kanye West Wedding Officiated by Popular Evangelical  ...
b Chronology of Pilot Flying J truck stop probe
b Supreme Court rejects Sahara chief's plea for house arrest, lifts freeze on assets
t Facebook launches privacy mascot
t Microsoft Surface Pro 3: The potential iPad killer
b Citigroup agrees to pay US $7 bn to settle shoddy mortgage charges
b ECB likely to leave interest rates on hold
e Mariah Carey is focused on Asian tour
t Oculus Rift Is Officially Sued for Allegedly Stealing Headset Technology
b US calendar this week is heavy on housing market data
m Nickel in smartphones likely to trigger allergic reactions- study
m FDA could pressure food-makers to lower salt
e 'How I Met Your Mother' finale: What about the pineapple incident?
t Microsoft demos real-time Skype language Translator tool, beta coming this year
b Standard & Poor's 500 holds at a record; Bond market rally continues, sending  ...
t Chevrolet Camaro recall issued for all 2010-2014 models
e One Direction vid allegedly shows drugs
m Dr. Oz Scolded By Senators for Touting "Miracle" Weight-Loss Products on Show  ...
e Allman movie: Filmmakers speak out on train crash
e 'True Blood' season 7, episode 3 reaction: Joe Manganiello and Alcide's journey
m Rare twins hold hands during birth
e Selena Gomez Made Emotional Speech About Pressures To Be "Sexy" And  ...
e John Wayne heirs sue university over use of the name 'Duke'
e Why the 'ice bucket challenge' became so big
t Starbucks to offer wireless charging pads
b Dallas Fed's Richard Fisher foresees continued low interest rates, stimulus  ...
b Recall: Kraft recalling 96000 pounds of Oscar Meyer Wieners
e Quentin Tarantino may turn 'Django Unchained' into a miniseries
e 6 Things You Should Know About Cinco de Mayo Before You Get Margarita  ...
t 5 things we want to see Microsoft's Surface Pro 3 offer
t Dr. Dre could become hip-hop's first billionaire
e Avi Arad says Spider-Man will only cross over with The Avengers if Spidey is the  ...
b Scammers complicate tax season
e Mariah Carey -- Divorce is Hot Topic ... Too Hot
t Amazon vows to fight FTC over how it handles children's in-app purchases
t Ex-MP asks Google for 'right to be forgotten'
e Rockers With ALS
b To Roth or not to Roth, that is the question
e Jennifer Love Hewitt - Jennifer Love Hewitt Married Five Days Before Giving Birth
e Lucky save! Scarlett Johansson narrowly avoids wardrobe malfunction
e Inside the Ring: N. Korea on The Interview: Kill Kim? Die, USA!
t Tesla teams with Panasonic to build battery 'gigafactory'
t It Was Pitch-Black Dark. Seconds Later, a Fireball Lit Up the Russian Sky.
b Demand For Its Cars Helping GM Rebound From Black Eye Of Recalls
t LG Nexus 5 Is In A Different League Than Galaxy Note 3, iPhone 5S, HTC One  ...
t Google Glass Can Save Lives
t Facebook launches Newswire for journalistsPublish Date: Apr 24, 2014
e Academics Honor Colbert As Teaching an 'Extended Civics Lesson' About  ...
b Ladders, Briefcases, And Girl Fights: Your Preview For Sunday's Money In The  ...
t Verizon Planning VoLTE Rollout This Year For Higher-Quality Calling Plus  ...
m Ellen Dismisses Ebola Spread, but Death Toll Hits 12
t Quoted: on Microsoft's 18000 job cuts
t Microsoft also looking into "Early Access" options for developers
t E3: The Future of Gaming
b Wal-Mart sues Visa over fees it charges retailer when shoppers use credit and  ...
b Stock markets suffer another bloody day
m New Breast Cancer Drug to Effectively Treat Cancer Cells
m Menino diagnosed with advanced cancer
t REPORT: OBAMA: NSA Can Exploit Bugs Like Heartbleed For National Security  ...
b BNP Paribas Pleads Guilty in US to Violating Sanctions
m Galaxy S5 Specs, Price, Release Date: Rumors Say S5 Prime Spotted on  ...
e Lana Del Rey Tweets Angry Response to Death Wish Quotes, Forgets How the  ...
b Barnes & Noble to Split Into Two Separate Companies
e MTV VMAs 2014: Best and worst dressed
m Almost blind Michigan man 'seeing something new every day' thanks to new  ...
t Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy S4 Zoom - Price and Specs  ...
b EUROPE MARKETS: European Stocks Slide As Ukraine Tensions Heighten
e 'Transformers: Age of Extinction': The Transformers Mythos It Gets Right And  ...
m WHO to set up Ebola control center in Guinea
e Martin hopes he, Paltrow can rediscover love
m Study finds e-cigarettes can be a useful quit-smoking tool
e The-Dream Arrested For Alleged Attacks On Pregnant Girlfriend Producer denies  ...
m Almost time to Relay for Life
t OPINION: Ignorance and Acquiescence — Two Obstacles in the Fight for Gay  ...
e Q&A: McCarthy and Falcone, goofballs in matrimony
e Zac Efron: 'A weight has been lifted after talking about substance abuse issues'
m i Editor's Letter: Assorted media reaction to the Ebola virus
b Alibaba confirms plans for IPO in USA
e Weekend Movies & TV: 'Rio 2,' 'Draft Day,' 'Mad Men,' & More (VIDEO)
b WATCH: Quick-thinking pilot averts possible catastrophe by aborting landing as  ...
e 'Neighbors' poised to shock 'Amazing Spider-Man 2' at box office 0
e Watch Letterman Talk to "New Kid" Stephen Colbert on The Late Show
e Stephen Colbert, Racism and the Weaponized Hashtag
t A Samsung Galaxy S6 Visual That Actually Is Realistic
e Rihanna Says She Didn't Mean to Send #FreePalestine Tweet
t Samsung Gear 2 Neo smartwatch review
t Consumers ignore the GM recalls
e Film review: 'Sex Tape'
e 'Tammy' uneven, but has its moments
e Robert Downey Jr. breaks silence over son's cocaine arrest offering support  ...
e A Guitar Legend Has Died
b Tim Hortons, Burger King shares surge, traders anticipate tax friendly merger
e 'The Voice' recap: Moz Likely to Succeed
b India displaces Japan to become third-largest world economy in terms of PPP  ...
m Ebola Outbreak in West Africa Threatens Ghana's Borders - Parliament Calls for  ...
b An early rally fades on the US stock market - FOX 32 News Chicago
e What to watch on TV this week: 'True Blood,' the VMAs, Emmys, 'Legends' and  ...
e 'Sharknado 2' Stirs Up Bigger Twitter Storm for Syfy
m WHO says Guinea Ebola outbreak small as MSF slams international response
t Google tipped to launch Moto G rivalling budget Nexus
b Detroit Revitalization: JPMorgan Chase to Invest $100 Million in Decayed City
m Study Says Bullying Can Hurt a Lifetime, L.A. Latinos Ask, "You Needed a Study  ...
b Biofuels may be worse for environment than gasoline in short run, study says
t Scientists may have spotted the first exomoon
m Lilly research reveals new insight into Alzheimer's therapy options
e Kim Kardashian Wears No Makeup, Appears to Be Having a Barefaced Moment
t The Next King: Samsung Galaxy S5, HTC One M8, Xperia Z3 Or G3?
m Half A Billion Pounds 'Wasted' On Anti-Flu Drugs
e THE NEW FEMALE THOR: From Asgard to new guard, 5 things to know about  ...
e 2014 MTV Video Music Awards highlights: Beyonce steals the show
b The Crumbs cupcake empire has been iced, but the cupcake rolls on.
t GM recalls 8000 '14 cars for possible brake assembly glitch
e Former Journey frontman takes stage for first time in 19 years
t With new Big Bang evidence, 'creation is a fact'
t The right to be forgotten: Peston blog hit..and how to get round Google Euro-ban
e Bachelorette Contestant Eric Hill Death: ABC Producers Give Statement
e Bieber claimed foot fracture in Florida
b Stocks hold at highs as hiring surges in June
t Google aims to trademark the word 'Glass'
t GM now recalling Camaros for ignition switch problem
m Saudi Arabia reports 2 new coronavirus fatalities
e 'America's Got Talent' Host's Whiteface Photo Causes an Uproar
t All of Google's Jokes for April Fools' Day 2014
e Spider-Man's 5 Most Amazing TV Outings
e World's rarest stamp smashes sale records
b The 'father of the VIX' on its 7-year low: Don't worry about it
m Sleep problems have the same effects on students' grades as drug abuse, new  ...
t Nadella cuts Windows umbilical cord at last
e Stars flock to Venice for oldest film fest
e 'Game Of Thrones' Season 4 Spoilers: Did Jaime Lannister Rape Cersei  ...
b Marissa Mayer aims to persuade Apple to choose Yahoo over Google: Reports
b Facebook Q1 results soar, beat Wall Street's expectations
b Verdict Could Cost Lilly Billions
b Stocks plunge, wiping out July gains; Market is on track for first monthly loss  ...
m Senate Medical Marijuana Bill Adds Muscle to HB 843
b Time Warner Should Remember That Whatever Rupert Murdoch Wants, He  ...
e The Chmerkovskiy Brothers Strip All the Way Down, Answer Personal Questions  ...
e America's heartland has nothing to fear from Stephen Colbert
b Virgin America plans big Love Field announcement Friday
b Dow eyes new record
t Google has no plans to abandon Nexus devices
m US Government Estimates Autism Rate at 1 in 68
e Angelina Jolie is now a Dame
e Lorde's newest gig: 'Hunger Games' musical curator
e 'Game of Thrones' Season 4 shocker; MTV Movie Awards 50 celebrity cameos  ...
b China, Russia sign USD 400 billion natural gas deal
t With $1 billion plan, Cisco joins the cloud computing race
b EUR/USD testing 3-week lows
e Selena Gomez, Justin Bieber Spotted Getting Cosy At Coachella?
e 'Glee' season 6 spoilers: How long will Lea Michele, Chris Colfer's last chapter be?
e Dancing with the Stars Voting: Who gets your DWTS vote on night one?
m Mom saves twins by using her body as a 'speed bump'
e Potato salad project opens Kickstarter's gates to ridiculous food projects
e Michael Jackson's Xscape Album Will Be Released In May 2014
e VOICE VIEWS: Philly's Audra McLaughlin advances again on The Voice
b Earnings Preview: Bank Of America Q2 2014 (BAC)
b At 0.7 percent, eurozone inflation falls further below the European Central Bank's  ...
b Gold falls as dollar firms
t AOL Breach Puts Users' Personal Info at Risk
m Ban on e-cigarettes urged in public places
b Election Commission okays RBI to announce new bank licences
b Cyber fugitive Dotcom mocks authorities: "From 0 into a ${esc.dollar}210m  ...
m Fried Food Consumption and Obesity Linked to Genetic Predisposition
b Mystery Light Trail Likely Result of Missile Test
b Panera Bread Aims for Clean and Simple
e Robin Thicke - Robin Thicke may not win Paula Patton back
b U.S. Wins WTO Dispute With China Over Auto Imports, Froman Says
t Windows XP support nears its end, puts entire internet community at risk
e Clooney throws engagement party
e Anna Wintour Redefines Style with Kimye
e Last-Minute Recipes for Cinco de Mayo
b Japan calls China's seizure of ship to settle WWII claims regrettable
b US seeks to appropriate Argentine gas reserves “vulture funds”
t FCC Extends Net Neutrality Comment Period
e Pastors Nationwide Deliver Easter Message That Includes the Resurrection as  ...
b GM announces new recalls: 1.5M vehicles
e 'Saturday Night Live' Cuts Three More From Cast
e 'Maleficent' Trailer Honors the "Legacy" of 'Sleeping Beauty'
t iPhone 6 Concept Looks Tantalizingly Real
e NEW YORK (AP) — CBS says Jennifer Love Hewitt is joining the cast of  ...
b Moscow expects Kiev's explanations over intention to close border — Lavrov  ...
e Flush away any idea of seeing 'The Other Woman'
e The Guys are Trying to Do a Slow-Mo Walk in Horrible Bosses 2
e Sign up for our weekly news updates by entering your email:
e 'Transformers - Age of Extinction' Premieres in Kenya
e Big Ticket Films: "The Amazing Spiderman 2"
t Xbox Entertainment Studios to close by the end of 2014
t Tesco follows up Hudl tablet with a smartphone
t Apple slices $100 off MacBook Air
b The Bank names only its second female Deputy
e Christina Chong Reportedly Joins The Cast of Star Wars: Episode VII
b British annual inflation accelerates to 1.9%: official data
b Google Director Sells $4166796 in Stock (GOOG)
b AP source: Lions and Ihedigbo agree to 2-year deal
b Overnight Markets: Internet and small-cap shares lift Wall Street
e “Game Of Thrones” Purple Wedding Killer Unveiled?
e Conrad Hotels & Resorts Connects Guests and Film Enthusiasts to Tribeca Film  ...
e Anderson says animals helped her survive after suffering years of sexual abuse
b Euro rallies in Asia after ECB chief's comments
b Bank for International Settlements warns low interest rate policies may generate  ...
b Alstom Accepts 10 Bln Euro GE Bid For Its Energy
t Too much reality? Webcams offer viewers unflinching look at nature
e French Montana And Khloe Kardashian Continue To Get Cozy
b As cuts and new duties strain IRS, chance of audit relatively low
e Williow Smith hits back at critics over bedroom pic with 'shirtless' Moises Arias
m Bald girl banned from school travels to Denver to be with friend during treatment
e Angelina Jolie made an honorary Dam
b Dmitry Rybolovlev ordered to pay ex-wife Elena $US4.5bn
b China not the bad guy after all
m State health officials identify 2 human cases of West Nile virus in Colorado
e Jennifer Aniston planning island wedding?
t Tech companies Taking The Highway of Virtual Reality
b 5 reasons CEOs got a huge raise (and 5 reasons you didn't)
e Jonah Hill apologizes for gay slur to paparazzo - WFSB 3 Connecticut
b Missing Plane Flight Data Finally Released by Malaysia Nearly Three Months  ...
b Chief Justice Refuses to Block Ruling Canceling Teva Pharmaceutical Patent
e 'How I Met Your Mother' finale review: A mystery revealed, a twist for 'HIMYM' fans
t Let us RULE the Internet of STUFF, say Chipzilla, Dell, Samsung and chums
t Why Was There Such A Huge Outcry Against SOPA And PIPA But Not Against  ...
t Beaten Browser
b GM defies dire predictions as June auto sales rev up industry
b It's official: Zillow to acquire Trulia
t Unlock Code For Samsung Galaxy S3, S4, Note 2 & Note 3 Leaked
e 'Star Wars' creator selects Chicago for museum
e Comedian, Best Known for Memorable Guest Role on 'Seinfeld,' Found Dead in  ...
t Apple preparing 12.9-inch iPad for March 2015 launch
e Favreau goes from Iron Man to stainless steel food truck
e Ben Affleck Looks Suspicious in New Trailer for Gone Girl (VIDEO)
t Heartbleed: Which passwords you need to change
e Wiz Khalifa Was Freed From Jail In Time To Perform At Soundset
b Objects retrieved from search site, none confirmed to be from MH370
b Fiat Chrysler Automobiles Earns Shareholder Approval
b Taxi Strike Brings Europe to a Halt
m Stressed at work? Meditating really does work - and you'll see a difference in just  ...
e Casey Kasem's Secret Legacy: How He Used Scooby-Doo To Advance His Values
t Gov't officials: Local bird species no longer endangered
m Medicare millionaires: Florida eye doc got $21 million from Medicare in 2012
b Starbucks' New App Makes Tipping a Tap Away
b Dow closes at record high
e Melissa McCarthy hits the highway in 'Tammy,' Hollywood's latest road tip
m Giant panda may have faked pregnancy to get special treatment
t Chicago makes a marquee appearance in `Watch Dogs'
b Australians say latest objects need to be checked - CBS46 News
b EU sanctions 15 Russian officials, Ukrainian separatists
t Google Will Preview Next Version of Android At Google I/O Today
e 'Captain America 2' Won While 'Transcendence' Bombed on Easter Weekend  ...
b Will the ECB Ease Policy Further at Next Week's Meeting?
e Social media in uproar over teen hunter's photos of killed animals
b Pilgrim's Pride One-Ups Tyson Foods And Offers Nearly $8 Billion For Hillshire
b Existing-home sales up in April but still below historic levels
b Gauge of US economy posts 0.4 percent April gain
e Did 'Scandal' star threaten to kill his wife?
e Booty camp! Kim Kardashian displays her derriere as she hits the gym bright and  ...
e OMG: Are Demi Lovato and Selena Gomez Fighting Again?
e Kourtney Kardashian Reveals Growing Baby Bump in Gold Bikini
m Merck & Co gets FDA OK for allergy treatment Grastek
t 'Right to be forgotten' is in reality a pipe dream
t Facebook Testing Out A Buy Button
t The Linux Foundation Aims To Prevent Future Heartbleed Bugs With Its Core  ...
b JK Rowling caught up in Amazon feud
m Pakistan Bracing for Polio Travel Restrictions
b Zebra Technologies buying Motorola's enterprise business for $3.45B
b Hillshire Says Tyson Foods Bid Superior to Pinnacle Deal
b Valeant Pharma And Pershing Square Pursue Botox Maker Allergan
e In Isla Vista, red flags came too late
t Google buys solar drone maker Titan Aerospace
t Rubik's Cube 40th Anniversary Commemorated by Google Doodle
t HTC's New Marketing Mantra: Tell Shoppers to Ask the Internet
e 12 Ways Juan Pablo Dodged Saying 'I Love You'
b Canadian Stocks On Winning Streak, Inflation Heats Up -- Canadian Commentary
b Coca-Cola's profit dips but matches expectations; drink volume rises
e Beyonce Divorce: Jay-Z, Blue Ivy Family Affection Used at VMA Awards For PR  ...
e Rap Genius' Mahbod Moghadam Ousted After Tasteless Commentary On Elliot  ...
t Science Notes: Americas will have a front-row seat for Tuesday's lunar eclipse  ...
t Google unveils 'Android TV' at the company's I/O developers conference
e Why have Kim Kardashian and Kanye West decided to postpone North West's  ...
m Red wine ingredient 'no magic pill'
b Rising Supply, Weak Euro Sink Crude Oil Prices
m FDA Rejects Use of Aspirin for Prevention of First Heart Attack
t Cisco Announces $1 Billion 'Intercloud' Effort
e US reality TV star Benzino shot
b Indian money in Swiss banks rises to over Rs 14000 cr, despite global clampdown
e Christie tries to move past scandal with comedy
b Federal Reserve likely to end QE stimulus program in October
t IHS: 'no breakthroughs,' 'nothing earth-shattering' about Galaxy S5
e Chris Brown will remain behind bars until at least June after assault trial is delayed
t BlackBerry buys German anti-eavesdropping tool used by Merkel
b US Weekly Jobless Claims Rebound Less Than Expected
e Lorde Finally Meets The Inspiration Behind Royals! It's A 60-Year-Old Baseball  ...
t US 'net neutrality' plan faces heat from venture capitalists
e Charlie Sheen Calls Rihanna The 'Village Idiot' In The Midst Of Strange Twitter  ...
e 15 MB of Fame: Never-Before-Seen Digital Art by Andy Warhol
t Apple Asks Courts To Ban The Sale Of Infringing Samsung Devices
b US Justice Department preparing to sue Citigroup
b DAX hits record high
t Should Netflix Be Forced to Pay Your Internet Provider?
b China rams ships trying to stop oil rig, Vietnam says
m MPs want additional limitations on sunbeds
t America's wake-up call: 'Climate change, once seen as issue for the future, has  ...
t Amazon's phone is the most mundane thing it's working on
b Forex News: GBP/USD: UK economy not yet overheated - BoE's Carney
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Takes ALS Ice Bucket Challenge
b USDA committing $31.5M to citrus greening disease
t Senate Bill To Improve Automaker Warning Reporting System
t Facebook Denies Reports That It Will Rebrand Oculus
t Apple looking the market smart home
b Report: FAA too reliant on Boeing for lithium battery test
b First-Quarter Venture Funding at $9.6B in US, Highest Since 2001
e Review: Muppets reteam with mixed results
b General Motors recalling 824000 more small cars
b Queens Blvd. trains back on track in time for morning commute
b Citi profit helped by better-than-expected fixed-income trading
t Virtual wars: Oculus and Palmer Luckey sued for allegedly stealing VR tech
m 14 Pound Baby Born In Boston
e Bruce Jenner Will Walk Kim Kardashian Down The Aisle At 'Intimate' Wedding Of  ...
t Case maker confirms unannounced Samsung Galaxy S5 Zoom, Galaxy S5 Mini  ...
b SUV, Pickup Demands Pushes Auto Sales to 9-Year High
t Google Has New Targeted Ads That Encourage You Dive Into Apps
b Neighbors bicker in Pennsylvania over forced gas drilling
t Microsoft positions Surface Pro 3 tablet as a laptop replacement
m Mouse mothers can protect pups from developing type 1 diabetes by eating  ...
t 'Supermoon' will light up sky Saturday
b Will Eric Holder Drop the Hammer on US Banks?
e Leonardo DiCaprio Eyed for Steve Jobs Biopic, Danny Boyle in Talks to Direct
e Disney CEO: Star Wars VII shoots in May
t China Bans Official Use of Windows 8
b Senior Cleric: Iran Not to Give Up Arak Heavy Reactor
b Hillshire Brands to enter talks with Tyson, Pilgrim's Pride
m Strangers edit photo for grieving father
t The phone war has moved to cars
b India Morning Call-Global Markets
t Harley-Davidson announces its first electric motorcycle, LiveWire
t UN Report: World Isn't Prepared for Impacts of Climate Change
t SmartThings Update Brings You One Step Closer to Having the Jetsons  ...
b FTSE CLOSE: Footsie back to six week low hit by Carney rate hike hint and an  ...
b Carney rings the changes at 'fatally flawed' Bank
b GM Hires Cervone From VW to Run PR Unit Amid Recall Crisis (2)
b Fed's Bullard says getting harder to justify low US rates
e MONDAY, JULY 07, 2014 | POSTED BY: MATT HOWARD
t Google cutting out Vintage Social Network Orkut
e Gay Pride Parades Step Off Around The US
b State Department says US Embassy in Kiev in contact with Ukrainian authorities  ...
e 'Colbert Report' will be replaced by 'Minority Report'
e Jennifer Garner, a patient wife!
e JK Rowling's The Casual Vacancy HBO/BBC TV Series to Film Summer 2014
e Chelsea Handler Wants Everyone to Know She's Looking for a Job
e 'Hunger Games': 'The mockingjay lives' in new teaser trailer
t Oklahoma Fox station thinks news promo is more interesting than watching  ...
e Kim and Kanye's wedding preparation in Florence nearly complete Credit  ...
b SunTrust to Settle Mismanaged Mortgage Claims
t Office For iPad Tops The iTunes App Store Charts
b Boeing forecasts £3.3 trillion demand for new airplanes
e I've NOT been fired from Glee! Chris Colfer reveals Twitter account was hacked  ...
e GI Joe creator Donald Levine dies
b U.S. Stock Futures Rise Amid Earnings, Jobless Claims Report
b What's next for GoPro? Content
b Netflix moves HQ to Netherlands from Luxembourg: premier
e US Airways apologises for graphic Twitter image
b 4.7+ Million Received Health Insurance Cancelation Notices, says AP
e Alexa Ray Joel Collapses During Sold-Out Performance
b US drugs giant AbbVie in £27bn approach for Shire: firm
b Wal-Mart Video Games Exchange: Thousands of PlayStation 3, Microsoft Xbox  ...
b Seized tanker loaded with Libyan oil arrives in Tripoli
e Universal to Release NWA Movie Straight Outta Compton in August 2015
m Test accurately rules out heart attacks in the ER
e Making Pretty Little Liars out of all us, Cast talks photoshop use in GQ spread
t World of Warcraft subscribers slide, as Activision Blizzard sees profit fall 35 percent
t Two iPhone 6 Models, One Launch Event in September!
b What is the Dow and how does it work?
e Was Kim Kardashian's face frozen at the Met Gala?
m Insulin Inhaler Afrezza Approved By FDA
e REVENGE of the NERDS
t 'The Daily Show' Gives Google Glass Some Serious Side Eye
e Downton Abbey Vs Breaking Bad: Actors From Hit Shows 'Battling It Out To Land  ...
b Wall Street wavers on mixed data; Urban Outfitters falls, JC Penney rises
t Google Glass: Once you live with it, will you be able to live without it?
t Ford Recalls More Than 692000 Escape SUVs
b New York sues Barclays for deceiving investors over high-frequency trading
e Rock and Roll Hall of Fame: It's all love and KISSes as Nirvana, Cat Stevens  ...
t Nokia Lumia 630 hits the UK from end of May
e Easter egg hunts and fun across the area
b ​Obama launches biggest US plan to cut greenhouse emissions
e The 2014 BET Awards' 9 Most Memorable Moments
t Apple Slashes Prices Of MacBook Air By $100, Upgrades Processor Speed
t New HTC One Teardown: Super-Pretty, a Nightmare to Repair
t Fred Grimm: Our generation's gift to grads is one big, global mess
b Chinese trade group to mediate shoe factory strike
e Sofia Verga and Nick Loeb Split
t More fallout from Heartbleed bug
t UN panel: Warming worsens food, hunger problems
t LG Shows Off Larger G3 Smartphone
e Global Citizen Festival Taps Jay Z, Tiesto, The Roots and More
t Google announces its new Android TV platform at I/O conference
e Hartnett returns to view with thriller 'Penny Dreadful'
b Procter & Gamble to dump more than half its brands
t New low-cost Windows devices target Chromebooks
t Nokia X2 shows Microsoft's continued support of Google's Android
e Kanye West Keeps Kim Kardashian 'In Dark Over Wedding Details'. It's All Very  ...
e Kathy Bates Talks “Blowing Up S**t” In New Film
e Drake Cancels Wireless Headline Performances In London And Birmingham
t U.S. Pulls Out Of ICANN — What Does That Spell For Internet Users?
t XCOM: Enemy Unknown Coming to Android & Amazon Appstore “SOON”
b California DMV investigating possible data breach
e Justin Bieber Makes Religious, Social and Grammatical Faux Pax in Japan
b General Motors names Jeff Boyer as new safety chief
b Coach's profit falls as North American sales tumble 21 percent | The Republic
b Barclays to slash around 14000 jobs
t Mary Barra Fast Facts
b Gold versus Silver
e Watch an emotional Beyoncé break down in tears on stage at her final Mrs  ...
e Seinfeld Star Wayne Knight Tweets He's Not Dead to Debunk Hoax
b Houston Ship Channel reopens after oil spill; fine discussed for barge operator
t Apple's head of communications to retire, says Re/code
b HIGHLIGHTS: Comments from Chinese Premier Li Keqiang
t Comcast: Merger With Time Warner Cable Isn't Anti-Competitive
t Ohio Among Top Ten States With Largest Gas Price Increase
b Las Vegas Sands Profit Rises, But Misses View - Update
m Vitamin D deficiency linked to hypertension
t Steve was right: Motorola Mobility 'anticompetive', 'abusive', says EU
e Rolling Stones' Charlie Watts Plays Gig at Australian Jazz Club: Watch
t eBay requests users to change passwords after major hack
t On the hot seat: New GM CEO Mary Barra is unflappable, sometimes  ...
e Let's talk about why Rihanna's CFDA awards outfit is actually genius
t Oakley and Ray-Ban frames coming to Google Glass
t NASA's moon-orbiting robot LADEE crashes down
t TweetDeck got hacked or not? Austrian teen just wanted to send out pink hearts
e Do you like whistling, club music, and Bud Light? Then you'll love Pitbull and J  ...
b Memorial Day holiday weekend travel to reach post-recession high
e Brad Pitt and David Michod to tell Gen. Stanley McChrystal`s Afghan Story
e Planned powdered alcohol product hits snag with U.S. regulators
b Cyprus: SEALs take oil tanker from Libyan rebels
m EDITORIAL: Hospital deserves praise for quick response
e Khloe Kardashian French Montana 2014: KK Gets a Jeep & Jewelry From  ...
t Lantronix(R) Products Not Affected by Heartbleed Bug
e Jay Leno To Be Awarded Top Comedy Honour
t Microsoft wants to install Windows in your car
e Stars come out for 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2' premiere in London
t Video Games News And Rumors 3/10/14
t Here's Why Investing in AT&T Is a Good Idea
m ASCO: Big Four immuno-oncology players wager $1.3B on next-gen cancer drugs
e 'Dad' Dancing Gov. Christie Says He'd Stomp Hillary
t The Samsung K Zoom is finally unveiled - a camera/smartphone hybrid
b Apple Inc. Finally Fills Its Retail Void
b Trade Gap Shrinks as U.S. Exports Show Global Pickup
t Activision Blizzard's (ATVI) CEO Michael Morhaime on Q1 2014 Results  ...
b Michaels Confirms Card Breach Affecting 3 Million Customers
t China's Baidu defeats US lawsuit over censored search results
e Katy Perry started her own record label, and this is her first signing
b Brent hits nine-month high on Iraq crisis
m Low Back Pain Afflicts Millions Around the World
m San Diego's Baby Gorilla Takes First Bottle
t Tesla Retrofitting Model S Cars With Shields To Protect From Fires
t Why Everything Is Going to Cost $3.14 on Friday
b Pauley Pavilion Damaged After Water Main Break Floods UCLA Campus
e Chris Brown Calls From Jail to Thank Fans, Declare Love for Karrueche Tran  ...
t Report: Some Australian Apple Devices Held For Ransom
e Kardashian Fash Off: Kylie Jenner's veil vs Kim Kardashian's thigh-high split vs  ...
e Charlie Brown and Snoopy come to life in 3D Peanuts film
b UCLA, Sunset Boulevard flooded after enormous water main break
m Court Delivers Likely Final Word on NYC Soda Ban
e Kendra Wilkinson and Hank Baskett Split: Husband Leaves Home Moves Out to  ...
t Facebook COO Sandberg meets PM Modi
e Was Miley Cyrus hospitalised due to severe allergic reaction to fame and over  ...
e Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Expecting 3000 Guests At Wedding?!
b Pfizer ends bid for rival drug firm AstraZeneca
e Game Of Thrones: Five things we learnt from the HBO/ Sky Atlantic season four  ...
e The CG Peanuts Movie Looks Better Than You Feared, But Still Not Good
e Middletown Officials Warn Against Use of Sky Lanterns, Fireworks
e Never say die, Goonies are back
b The US Dollar Gathers Momentum
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 specs leaked
t What to do if your engine dies when you're driving
b RBI keeps key rate unchanged
b US auto sales show strength in June
b China-Russia gas deal signed
b Feds Stake Out Authority Over Streams and Wetlands
e 'Once Upon a Time' casts Elsa for 'Frozen' storyline
b Netflix, Amazon can be 'complementary' services, says Reed Hastings (recap)
b Japan FTA within grasp, says Abbott
t Microsoft: Migrating from Windows XP “causes a whole load of grief”
m West Nile found in New Jersey mosquitoes
e GWAR frontman Dave Brockie died of heroin overdose, medical examiner says
t Space station astronauts to get espresso machine
b Concerns grow over Hong Kong lenders' heavy credit exposure to mainland  ...
b Yellen Returns to Capitol Hill - Part I
t Baleen and Sperm whales are engineers of ocean ecosystems: Experts
b Bombshell Investigation Delivers Big Blow to Book on Rising 'Wealth Inequality  ...
b Stocks, bonds edge higher after Draghi's comments
t Let's Geek Out: 8 Standout Sessions Scheduled for Google I/O
e 'Twilight' star Nikki Reed announces split from husband Paul McDonald
b Pfizer Details Case for AstraZeneca Deal --Update
e Culkin's band pelted with beers during U.K. gigs
b Missing Malaysia plan: China satellite finds object near jet search area
m Unlikely inspiration helps man lose nearly 400 pounds
t Amazon shows off its Fire Phone
t Xbox One Coming To Chinese Gamers In September
e In Bible epic revival, 'Noah' finds rough seas
b Oil train derailment in Lynchburg, Va., raises safety questions
e Frankie Knuckles, 'Godfather Of House Music,' Dead At 59
t Two Newspapers vs. the App Stores
e Victoria Justice Says Acting Is Her Number One Priority! But Wait — What About  ...
e MTV 2014 Movie Awards: Margot Robbie, Chris Hemsworth miss out | PHOTOS
m CNEP researchers target brain circuitry to treat intractable mental disorders
m Intuitive Surgical Reveals New Da Vinci Xi Surgical System - Quick Facts
m J&J pull Hysterectomy Device Out of the Market Due to Risk of Cancer Spread
b Stocks: Futures flat, GoPro starts trading
b 3 charged in Turkey mine disaster
m Stem cell scientist Haruko Obokata found guilty of misconduct
b Taco Bell develops new fast-casual taco concept
b Ford's Mulally Talks Mark Fields, Business in China and the New F-150
m Lower Your Risk of Death by Getting More Vitamin D
e Janice Man has been single for a year
e Anti-ALS Ice Bucket Challenge Celebrities: Ariana Grande and Pamela  ...
b White House Says 5 Million Selected Obamacare Plans
e Why Harvard is Basically Game of Thrones
e Will And Jada Pinkett Smith Investigated By Child Protective Services
m MERS: A potentially deadly virus comes to the US
m Cynics three times more likely to suffer from dementia
b AbbVie Raises Outlook on Strong Performance Amid Shire Offer
e Review: 'Guardians of the Galaxy' fun, but forgettable
t HTC Gallery app description reveals Google Play Edition for HTC One M8
e Adam Richman's new show pulled from Travel Channel in wake of crude  ...
m Birth Control Pills Linked to Breast Cancer Risk
e Kim Kardashian Gets Scandalous Gift From Ex-Boyfriend
e Hercules: watch the new trailer for Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson's movie
t On Mars, Who's in Charge?
e EXCLUSIVE! Lea Michele's Weekend Was Brightened Up With Kisses  ...
e Final 'Divergent' Sequel 'Allegiant' Will be Split Into Two Films
t Google must now face lawsuit over Street View privacy invasion
e Johnny Depp Subpoenaed to Testify at Murder Trial — Report
b Chiquita, Fyffes merge to form world's biggest banana company
e What Was Juan Pablo Galavis's Offensive Comment to Clare Crawley? Exclusive
m Study identifies men's dance moves that women like
e Texas Tech Professor Comments on Significance of Cesar Chavez and Film
m New drugs driving value of biotech firms, but regulators may be putting on brakes
t Twitter Buys Gnip, Broadens Data, Content Base
e Jennifer Connelly talks 'Noah' costumes
m Study: US Alzheimer's rate appears to be dropping
e Film review: Noah
m Study: Gastric Bypass Procedure Reverses Type 2 Diabetes
b Va.'s jobless rate falls to 4.9 percent in February
m Children Gain Wider Access to Donor Lungs
t Microsoft fired up about 'Titanfall' debut
t Data cops investigating Facebook emotional-manipulation scandal
b Some California cities seek water independence
t UNCORKING OF EAST ANTARCTICA ICE SHEET "PLUG" COULD CAUSE  ...
e Robert Pattinson reveals whether he's still in touch with Kristen Stewart
t On March 27, Microsoft's Nadella Will Introduce Nadella's Microsoft
t From ColumbusAlive.com
t Samsung Galaxy Young 2
e Beyonce shares a series of happy family photos amid rumours her marriage to  ...
e Harris taken down in operation Yewtree
e Jimmy Fallon hypes up Harry Potter with first Orlando show
t HTC sets mystery event for August 19
m Traveler Returning From Africa Has Lassa Fever
e 'Big Bang Theory' To Remain An Air At Least Until 2017
b China Entrepreneurs Seek Economic Freedom in US
b Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac
b Roundup: Herbalife facing FTC inquiry; Investment bank agrees to pay $25M in  ...
b Iraqi Kurdistan has begun exporting its first cargo of crude oil through Turkey
b Attendance underwhelming at 1st Colorado Cannabis Summit (Slideshow)
t Calling all hackers: the end of Windows XP support could herald new security risks
t Apple offers in-app purchase refund
b Gold, silver fall on good US jobs data
b US Internet ad revenue surpasses broadcast TV for the first time
e People's 2014 Most Beautiful Woman of the Year Is...
e 'Mrs. Doubtfire' sequel in develpment, 21 years later
b Apple close to buying Beats for $3.2 billion
t GM recalls another 3 million vehicles
t Google+ Pages Show Total Profile, Post and Photo Views
t NASA readies 'flying saucer' Mars parachute for first test flight
e 'Mrs. Doubtfire' Sequel Said to Be in the Works
t Tungsten Network unaffected by Heartbleed bug
t Rdio, Crackle, VUDU cast away with Chromecast support
t Facebook's Oculus Buy Could Change The Face Of Social Media
b Chinese Zillionaire Doesn't Give Homeless $300 Each Due To "Misunderstanding"
e Primetime Ratings: 'Billboard Music Awards' Audience Largest Since 2001
t Your $1500 Google Glass cost $152 to make
e Allegations of teen sex abuse by three Hollywood execs denied
m Lynbrook hosts Relay for Life
e The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back  ...
m Golden Rainbow Now Accepting Talent Submissions for 28th Annual RIBBON  ...
m New Malaria Vaccine That Contains Parasite within RBC to Be Launched Soon!
e Mrs. Doubtfire Getting a Sequel -- And One Star Wants No Part of It!
b Last-minute tax tips
e Johnny Weir separates from husband Victor Voronov
e Stockton pastor ready to Rise and Shine
t O'Rielly: No Harm, No Need For Net Neutrality Rules
e 'Sharknado 2' whips up Twitter feeding frenzy
e 10 things you need to know about GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY
e Trailer for Woody Allen's "Magic in the Moonlight," with Colin Firth and Emma  ...
b Iran: Oil exports fall in March
b Obamacare Gets Way More Popular if You Call it Something Else
e Bill Murray crashes bachelor party, delivers epic speech because he's Bill F  ...
t Suzuki Motor recalls 184244 GM-built cars in US
e Godzilla Sequel Underway at Warner Bros.
e 5 reasons you must watch 'Sharknado 2: The Second One' this Wednesday night
b Iraq Likely to Impact Oil
t Google gets hordes of “right to be forgotten” requests after European court ruling
e Video of the Day: Little girl heartbroken to learn adorable baby brother will grow up
m WEST AFRICA ON HIGH ALERT | Guinea Ebola outbreak may have spread to  ...
t Steve Jobs Killed Apple Television Idea in Secret Meeting
b Best Buy Results Could Force New Lows
m Liberia ebola outbreak: Pastors being urged not to rely on faith alone to heal the  ...
t Why Academics Are Incensed By Facebook's Emotion&Manipulating Social  ...
e Ryan Gosling shows Robert Pattinson how to dress at Cannes
e Sofía Vergara separates from businessman fiancé Nick Loeb
t BMW extends worldwide recall over possible faulty engine bolt
t Edward Snowden tells SXSW Interactive audience he has no regrets about NSA  ...
t AACC student chosen for NASA program
t Pioneer Gets in on Aftermarket Apple CarPlay
b Fed seen raising interest rates in June 2015
b Canadian Dollar Slides As Canada's GDP Grew Less-than-forecast
b Canada Building Permits Unexpectedly Higher in June
b Goldman Turns Less Bearish On Tesla Motors – TSLA
e 'The Notebook' Turns 10, Beyonce And Jay Z Start Their Tour And Everything  ...
e 'The Walking Dead': A Ratings Juggernaut, AGAIN!
b Vodafone's pricey Ono deal is rescued by savings
b Bank of America to pay $9.3 bln to settle mortgage bond claims
b Wal-Mart unveils cheaper organics
m 'Bionic pancreas' could free those with diabetes
t Oculus Acquires Game Networking Engine Provider, RakNet (FB)
e ABC Says Muir Replacing Sawyer at 'World News' in September
e Remembering a house music legend: Why Frankie Knuckles mattered
t If DirecTV loses 'NFL Sunday Ticket', AT&T can walk
e The Latest 'Mad Men' Trailer Will Get You Both Pumped and Sad About the Final  ...
b Is Amazon a force for good or evil if you're an author?
e Lea Michele's Rumored Boyfriend Is Smoking Hot
e Robin Williams Confirms He's Back in Rehab
e Heir to Nazi-era art hoarder dies
b Twitter appoints IPO banker Noto as new CFO
b A cautious start to the week
m Windshield Washer Fluid Sprays Germs Tied to Deadly Legionnaires
t NASA Mars rover breaks distance record
e Justin Bieber, Calvin Klein Underwear Photos Sexy? See Instagram Pictures  ...
t Xbox One Sales Are Better Without Kinect, Too
b Central bank activity to watch for in the Asian timezone coming up this week  ...
m Polio now a world health emergency, WHO says
m Survival Advantage for TAVR Over Surgery in High-Risk Patients
t The AT&T-DirecTV Merger Could Be Bad News for a Free Internet
t Harley Davidson Reveals Electric Motorcycle
t 8 Eye-Catching Features in Apple's iOS 8
e Dancing with the Stars 2014 Results Tonight May 20: Who Won DWTS Finale?
e RIP Mickey Rooney
b Chrysler June U.S. Sales Rise 9%
e Chris Colfer Fired From 'Glee'? Hacked Twitter Account Tweets Fox Fan Fave  ...
b Gas Prices Increase By 3 Cents
b US accuses China of cyber spying on American companies
e Epic New Trailer For Dawn Of The Planet Of The Apes
m FDA issues voluntary guidelines to reduce sodium
e Cheatin' Dean McDermott Is Threatening to Divorce Tori Spelling!
t Microsoft Office Available For iPad
m Wichita man's mother fighting Ebola
e 5 WTF Moments From The Bachelor's Season Finale and After the Final Rose!
b Kathleen Sebelius may have lied about paid Obamacare enrollments
t Bigfoot Hair Samples Don't Disprove Creature's Existence
b Google working with Barnes & Noble to take on Amazon
b Zuckerberg gains $3.3 bn from Facebook stock options, reduces salary to $1
e 'Whitey' paints black picture of FBI
t Microsoft Launching Word, Excel, and PowerPoint for iPad Today
e Charlie Sheen Drunk at Taco Bell Video Went Viral
e Bryan Singer's Lawyer Claims the 'X-Men' Director Was Not in Hawaii During  ...
t Playstation Network Back Online After Attack
e Zack Snyder's 'Justice League:' Ray Fisher Playing Cyborg in 'Batman vs  ...
b Panasonic Aims To Be Sole Producer In Tesla's US Mega-Factory
e Dating App Tinder to Launch Verification Program for Stars (Exclusive)
e Khloe Kardashian reveals bleached waist-length locks
e J.K. Rowling Wrote a Harry Potter Update
b Gov't Report: 2.6 Unemployed Americans For Every US Job Opening
e Patricia Arquette prioritised Boyhood
t Source: Vandenberg AFB Launch Alert
t 'Blood moon' coming Tuesday will be a sight to behold
e What might have been: These are the worthy contenders we'll never see on 'Late  ...
e Watch 3 New Dawn Of The Planet Of The Apes Based Short Films
t Nissan Wants In On Tesla, BMW Electric-Car Charging Talks: Report
e Piers Morgan ends CNN show with gun-control plea
b Euro Continues Its Retreat: Weekly Currency ETF Report
t Video: Meet the Moto E, Official Video Unveils Motorola's New Phone (Updated)
t Normal will 3D print a custom-fit pair of earbuds for $200
b `Candy Crush' maker King to go public
e Police stumble on teens burying classmate's body; daughter lured mom in  ...
m Drug-resistant malaria spreading fast...
b Venture funds near 2001 high
m Janine's passion is for fundraiser
b FedEx Shares Hit All-Time High
e Michael Jackson Tribute Show Rolls into Jones Hall Saturday
b Elizabeth Arden PT Lowered to $23.00 (RDEN)
e Beyonce and Solange -- Lunch Sesh With Jay Z ... No Punches Thrown
e 25 citations issued at Denver marijuana festival
b BSkyB in talks to buy German and Italian peers
t India admits 'Delhi as polluted as Beijing' (Update)
e Macaulay Culkin's Pizza Underground Walks Off Stage Following Boos and  ...
e Top of the botts! Who has the sexiest celebrity bum?
e Scandal Recap: Mama Said Knock You Out
b UPDATE 1-UK sells 4.2 bln stg of shares in Lloyds
t Google Maps Now Lets You Go Back in Time With Street View
e Jon Favreau at the Writer's Guild on Sunday. Photo by Jay
b PF Chang's Confirms Breach on Customers' Credit, Debit Card Information
m Omega-3 Fish Oils May Not Reduce Heart Disease Risk
e Orphan Black renewed by BBC America, Broadchurch series 2 picked up
b Clearer Protections for Clean Water
t Microsoft Office for iPad
e Julia Louis-Dreyfus Has Sex With a Clown in GQ: Naked Picture
e 1 dead, 5 injured in awards party violence in LA
t Beautiful 'blood moon' shines over North America
m Death toll in West Africa from Ebola hits 337 - WHO update
m FDA moves to expand authority over electronic cigarettes
e Weekly Movie Releases
b RBA's Stevens Holds Benchmark Interest Rate at 2.5% (Full Text)
e Amazon to Launch Music Streaming Service on Thursday
e 'Dancing with the Stars' Recap: Drew Carey Eliminated
e Channing Tatum's new sci-fi action flick 'Jupiter Ascending' release pushed back  ...
e New 'Mad Men' Final Season Images, Explained by Matthew Weiner
t Apple, Google Finally Reach Agreement Over Smartphone Patent Dispute
e 7 Great Music Biopics (To Fill The Void Of The 'On Hold' Aaliyah Film)
b Investors punish Erste for new emerging Europe hit
t DHS Warns Against Vulnerability In IE; Marketers Don't Expect It To Affect Search
b Unemployment rates drop in Cattaraugus, Allegany counties
b Last-minute tax-filing tips
t Asus' audacious PadFone X phone/tablet hybrid priced at $199 subsidized  ...
t 'Mystery' Ship Found At World Trade Center Site At Least 240 Years Old
e Meet the 19-year-old cheerleader who shoots, then poses with dead exotic  ...
e 'Game of Thrones' draws huge ratings, crashes HBO app
b Glenn Greenwald Slams New NY Times Editor Dean Baquet
e Is the Word 'Bossy' Holding Girls Back?
b Target: No “Open Carry” Firearms In Any Stores
b Groupon's sales rise, but so do its losses
b May New Home Sales Skyrocket to Highest Rate in Six Years
e Harry Potter Is Back! JK Rowling Publishes New Story with Characters in Their 30s
t GM Was Slow To Recall Saturn Cars With Steering Flaw
e Fortunes blooming five years after Jackson's death
e Casey Kasem tributes Keep reaching for the stars - KCTV5
e 'The Walking Dead' Season 4 Finale Teaser Poster: Will Maggie Survive?
t Lunar Eclipse To Bring 'Blood Moon' On April 15 (VIDEO)
t Facebook deletes some of Texas Tech cheerleader's big game trophy pics
t OnePlus One's processor upgraded from Snapdragon 800 to Snapdragon 801
e Officials: Nephew shot reality TV star Benzino
t The Samsung Galaxy S Series is the Best selling Android Phone Series!
b Alstom board approves GE's $17B offer to buy its power unit
e Jay Z attacked by Beyonce's sister, Solange, in elevator [VIDEO]
b US Economy To See Faster Growth After Winter Freeze, Says OECD
e May 5 TV Picks: Season premiere of 'Louie' on FX
t Spiders Force Suzuki Recall
e Miley Cyrus Teams With the Flaming Lips For Beatles Cover
t Apple's Updated Macbook Air: Faster Processors, $100 Cheaper
b Herbalife Faces FTC Inquiry; Shares Plunge
e Reaction among residents around Croke Park split after cancellation
t Dating site experimented on users
b Delicate operation gives young salmon a chance at survival
e Nephew faces charges in reality Benzino's shooting
e Gary Oldman Goes 'Stranger Wrestling' After Apology on Jimmy Kimmel (Video)
m Mayo Earns Top Spot Among Nations Hospitals
e Sofia Vergara dons sexy see-through shirt as she holds hands with hunky beau  ...
b Qatar Airways To Receive Its First A380 By Early June
b Vodafone profit leaps on Verizon sale
e Harris takes the stand in UK abuse trial
b Oracle in talks to buy Micros: Report
t Samsung/LG seen eying sapphire as Gorilla Glass alternative; GTAT jumps
t iPad Dominates Enterprise Tablet Market
b How the Dow Jones industrial average fared Monday
b MISSING MH370 : Full statement by Hishammuddin
t No human has seen tonight's honey moon in almost 100 years
e Emma Stone Dons Leather Dress For The Amazing Spider-Man 2 Paris  ...
b Glitch Causes Long Lines, Frustration At Target Checkout Counters
t Neutrality Nuts Won't Be Happy Until Government Controls the Internet
e Third Midnight Rider Producer Surrenders To Police
e Weekend Box Office: 'Rio 2' and 'Draft Day'
b Enbridge benefits from equity restructuring
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West didn't bring daughter on their honeymoon
e Angelina Jolie And Brad Pitt Are Getting 'Experimental', Apparently...
m More Than 100 Passengers Sick On California Cruise
e With Colbert Coming To CBS, The Competition For Late Night Moves To The  ...
b Japan's Core Machinery Orders -19.5% vs. 0.7% forecast
e As I Lay Dying's Tim Lambesis sentenced for murder-for-hire plot
b Forex - Yen steady ahead of current account data
b Boeing Co. share price up, secures $8.8bn order from BOC Aviation
b China's economic growth slows in Q1
e Powdered Liquor: Now Legal But Won't Be In Your Margarita Soon
t General Motors stops Chevy Cruze sales
t FCC Chairman Promises To Regulate The Internet As A Utility If Needed To  ...
e 'The Bachelor' 2014 Spoilers Finale: Juan Pablo Galavis' Shocking Secret  ...
e Her heart's all aflutter! Kim Kardashian wears plunging butterfly dress for pre  ...
t AT&T says it may not participate in spectrum auction if FCC rules are adopted
e Was How I Met Your Mother finale the worst ending ever?
b Vatican City Cocaine Bust: Germans Seize $1000s Worth of Coke Heading to  ...
t Killer asteroids pose threat for earth
e President Obama Zings Ellen's Oscar Selfie: 'It Was a Pretty Cheap Stunt' (Video)
e Captain America: The Winter Soldier breaks April box office record with $96.2M
t Amazon unveils 3D 'Fire' phone
e Dawn of the Planet of the Apes Asks “How Many Were There?” in New TV Spot
e Who so blue? Picasso painting reveals hidden man
b Shire snubbing AbbVie makes it latest Pharma target
t Twitter Expands Photo Options, Launches Photo Tagging
t Facebook's Oculus buy: Loony or visionary?
t Phone makers agree to roll out device kill switch in the US
t Google Glass on sale next week
e The Obamas write personal condolence letter to Frankie Knuckles' family after  ...
e Drake Will Miss Wireless Festival Performance Due To Illness
e Share this on:
m MERS virus spreads within the U.S.
e Rita Ora On Landing 'Fifty Shades Of Grey' Role
b Overnight Markets: Nasdaq gains after Fed decision on rates
e Lindsay Lohan talks about 'sex list' on 'WWHL' before OWN show finale
t Faceslap: Facebook swipes at Snapchat with Slingshot messaging app
b OECD sees pick-up in Canada, but warns on housing, health care
b Stock Futures Flat as Traders Digest Data
t Wildfires Are Worsening Because Of Global Warming, Scientists Say
b Disney to use drones at parks?
e This Weekend, Watch This
b Barclays to cut 19000 jobs as it scales back investment arm
b Ex-BofA finance chief reaches $7.5M settlement
e Fox Boss Talks Revamping Idol, Glee's Final Season, New Year-Round  ...
b Taxes From A To Z (2014): Y Is For Yacht
t Snapchat 'Deceived Users' Over Photo Privacy
t Facebook, Spirit Air Lead Hot Summer IBD 50 Stocks
t UK WinPhone clutchers to be given 'Brit beauty' Cortana in update
m Ebola cases in West Africa reach 964, deaths top 600
m MERS Case in Florida Could Be US's 2nd
t Scientists Create the World's Thinnest Nanowires That's Just Three Atoms Wide
e Rumors resurface that Tom Cruise and Laura Prepon are dating
e Andrew Garfield Defends Justin Bieber's Actions Because Sometimes With Great  ...
t Nasa launches balloon carrying Mars 'saucer' prototype
e Watch Coachella's 2014 Live Stream This Weekend
t NASA finally launches carbon monitoring satellite
t Samsung Galaxy S4 Duos vs Samsung Galaxy S4 – Comparison of Design  ...
e Let the Madness Begin: Where 'Mad Men' left off – and where it might go next
b WWE Money In The Bank reaction: Cena is a 15-time world champion
b Stocks move higher on Wall Street as more earnings roll in; Netflix, Allergan rise  ...
m Skin cancer rates soar thanks to sunbeds and cheap holidays
b US SEC charges hedge fund adviser over whistleblower retaliation
t Apple Upgrade Won't Kill WhatsApp
b 4 big issues that troubled Target stores have to deal with: Cheap chic  ...
t Google's Environment Sensing Project Tango Gets A Teardown
t Latest iPhone 6 Concept Imagines A Big, Square Future For Apple
t Google planning advanced 3D capturing tablets: report
e Game of Thrones Season 4 Finale Spoilers: What Do the Photos Tell Us?
b Hewlett-Packard to cut 11000 to 16000 jobs
b UCLA-area water main break spews millions of gallons
e Paul McCartney resumes his `Out there` tour
e BOX OFFICE: July 4th Holiday's 'Tammy,' …
e Captain America: The Winter Soldier review: politics in our peanut butter
e Games Inbox: Titanfall Xbox One vs. 360, best Spider-Man game, and  ...
m Athlete competing at Commonwealth Games tested for Ebola
e Chris Brown Ordered to Remain in Custody
b NJ unemployment rate inches up to 7.2 percent
m The 8 Major News Stories You May Have Missed This Weekend
t Microsoft successfully challenged FBI's gag order on notifying customer about  ...
t NASA Honors Historic First Moon Landing, Eyes First Mars Mission
b Federal Labor Board Delivers Pro-Union Ruling Against McDonald's
e Field of Dreams still magical, says Busfield
e Miley Cyrus heart fears: Mag
m NHS is the world's best healthcare system, report says
b Judge rules in favor of Macy's in dispute with JC Penney over Martha Stewart
e Cannes 2014 Palme D'Or Winner: 'Winter Sleep' Takes The Jewell of The  ...
t HTC introduces the HTC One (M8)
m Richmond has an 'obese city' problem
e Latest Art Poster Spells Out the Beginning of the End for the Agents of SHIELD
e Cameron Diaz on Gwyneth Paltrow & Chris Martin Split: It's Really Brave of Them!
t Apple, other tech firms formally agree to $406m hiring accord
b Meanwhile, In Gun News: Target Asks Shoppers To Leave Guns At Home…AND  ...
b Europe open: Stocks little changed ahead of Yellen testimony
e UPDATE 1-Entertainer Rolf Harris groomed 13-year-old girl for sex, court told
m Chikungunya fever surfaces in Cuba
e Selena Gomez Gets Deep On Instagram, Posts Text From Bieber?
m MI Firm Recalls 1.8 Mil. Lbs. Of Ground Beef, Possible E. Coli O157:H7
e Rolf Harris sex crimes made 'crueler and sicker' by his clean-cut image, claims  ...
b Yahoo shares jump despite falling profits - BBC
b Senate Probes Flash Boys Controversy
b Forex Market: EUR/AUD daily forecast
t FTC accuses T-Mobile of fraudulent customer charges
t Starbucks Powermats Go National; Tesla Opens Patents; Facebook Ad Control
e 'Glee!' star Chris Colfer rubbishes quitting rumours
t HTC One Mini 2 images leaked online; dual camera missing
b Yahoo Eyes Big Bucks As Alibaba Files For IPO
b Wal-Mart to Enter Used Videogame Business
e Brian Williams Raps 'Gin amp; Juice' in Jimmy Fallon's Latest Mashup  ...
b BNP Paribas pays record $8.97 billion US sanctions violation settlement
e Khloe Kardashian Pregnant? Is Khloe Having French Montana's Baby?
t 3 Ways to Value Twitter Today
t Eco-Friendly Spa Treatments to Celebrate Earth Day
e First Artwork for The Walking Dead Season 5 Arrives Early
m How to avoid mosquito-borne virus with odd name
t FCC Capitulation to Telecoms is “Washington at its Worst”
e Game of Thrones Recap: Winterfell's Moon Door
e Diddy Changes Name Back to Puff Daddy for New Album
e Kim Kardashian dresses up North
b GM recalls 1.8 million SUVs for air bag issue
e Rob Kardashian Breaks Silence With Nasty Tweet Regarding Adrienne Bailon  ...
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Cheaper Than Galaxy S4 – Experience App Released and  ...
b Hedging $150 Billion Yuan Bets in Focus on Swings: China Credit
b Malaysia Finally Releases MH370 Jet Data
b US economy likely showed big rebound last quarter
m Diagnosing Physicians Influence Therapy Decisions For Prostate Cancer  ...
m Even Penguins Get The Flu
b General Motors recalls 3.4 million vehicles for ignition switch problem
e Domenico Dolce, Stefano Gabbana Found Guilty of Tax Evasion
m US Insurers Lash Out At Specialty Drug Manufacturer over High Price
e 'Avengers: Age of Ultron' concept art features Quicksilver, Scarlet Witch
b US jobless seeking unemployment benefits drops to lowest point since 2007
t Google's Glass house
e 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier' brings in $96.2 million
b US pre-open: Futures point to weak start on Iraq tensions
m Easy does it on salami and snags, men told
e Mike Riley after practice on Monday
b US STOCKS-Wall Street set to dip at open on growth concerns
e Harris faces new allegations of abuse
e VOICE VIEWS: Madilyn Paige gets the final steal of Season 6 on The Voice
t 2014 Ford recall as GM repairs supposedly begins
t Test for Satya Nadella as he touts Microsoft's new Surface tablets
e At least one of Robin Williams' children wants in on "Mrs. Doubtfire" sequel
e Lindsay Lohan's List of Lovers: Adam Levine, Joaquin Phoenix and Heath  ...
t Nokia Pocket Magnifier app launches on Windows Phone, brings existing Nokia  ...
b TD Bank Published Unchanged Mortgage Interest Rates on April 18, 2014
b At 88, blues guitarist BB King is a living legend, a Rock and Roll Hall of Famer  ...
e A Twitter war on Stephen Colbert
m CDC Warns of 'Sleepy Drivers' Over the Holiday Weekend
e Cory And Topanga As Parents Takes Getting Used To In 'Girl Meets World' Trailer
e Casey Kasem, voice of Scooby-Doo's Shaggy and US radio DJ dies age 82
e Casey Kasem Net Worth, Heirs: 'Shaggy' From 'Scooby-Doo' Survived By  ...
m Our View: Legislators should show leadership, override MaineCare veto
e 'Big Bang Theory' Season 8 production delayed after contract standoff
m Schools May Get More Time to Implement New Nutrition Requirements—and the  ...
b European stocks close mixed
m Hospital ratings show clear differences in safety, risk of dying
e Jennifer Lawrence and Josh Hutcherson Back Together? Peeta and Katniss  ...
e The Kingdom is Within
e Pregnant Kelly Rowland Shows Off Baby Bump at Beyoncé & Jay Z's "On The  ...
b Barnes & Noble Shares Rise On Plan To Separate Stores From Nook Media
m Is ICD-10 Going to Be Delayed, Again?
t Closing Arguments Delayed in Apple-Samsung Trial
t TECH REVIEW: Surface works as laptop, has trade-offs
e 'Buffy' alum Eliza Dushku splits with former NBA star Rick Fox
t Slingshot App: Everything You Need To Know About Facebook's New Service
t Chinese Adviser Announces Plan to Cap CO2 Emissions After US Proposes  ...
e CinemaCon shares a taste of awesome new movies in Vegas
b Market Nervous Ahead Of Upcoming Earnings Season
e Editor takes ALS Ice Bucket Challenge
t Microsoft to Layoff 18000 Staff, Change Nokia X Devices to Windows Phone
b Burger King in Talks to Buy Tim Hortons, Move HQ to Canada
e Mayor de Blasio Covers Randy Newman
m That first impression takes a tenth of a second
t Climate change will be unaltered
e How Kim Kardashian's Weddings to Kanye West and Kris Humphries Compare
t US FCC chief pledges to regulate proposed Internet 'fast lanes'
t Harley-Davidson is creating an electric motorcycle, enters testing this year
b Dov Charney, the World Cup and Aereo over Brunch
b Valeant, Ackman offer to buy Botox maker Allergan for US$47bil
m Mice crippled by multiple sclerosis able to walk again following stem cell treatment
t After Disrupting Playstation, Hacker Group Lizard Squad Takes Credit For Xbox  ...
t Oculus Rift Makers Sued for Allegedly Stealing Virtual Reality Tech
e Gwen Stefani may replace Christina Aguliera as a judge on 'The Voice' (Report)
m Green applauds Medicare Trustees' report
m Scant Funds, Rare Outbreaks Leave Ebola Drug Pipeline Slim
b Turkey blocks Twitter but users can still tweet via text messages
b New York City Grocery Bag at 10-cent Each Proposed for Growing Green  ...
t Home News World Buzz Aldrin asks world: Where were you while I...
m Morning Briefing: Wisconsin abortion law trial starts Tuesday
b Buying stakes not for control: Etihad
e Janelle Monae Gives Off A Glam Volturi Vibe At The 2014 Met Gala!
b European stocks remain higher on Draghi comments; Dax up 0.90%
b Google eyes foreign acquisitions worth $30 billion
b KRISPY KREME DOUGHNUTS'
e AKB48 singers not targeted by slasher
t Samsung Galaxy S5 vs HTC One (M8) – How are the two flagships holding up?
t LG G3 vs Samsung Galaxy S5 vs HTC One M8 vs Sony Xperia Z2 vs Apple  ...
t Google starts to take dodgy details offline
t AT&T Said To Carry Amazon Phone Exclusively
t Netflix for Android TV arrives in the Play Store
b 2 more recalls push GM total to 4.8M in a month - WNCN: News, Weather for  ...
b Citi Mortgage, PNC Bank Mortgage Interest Rates Move Up Thursday Mar 20
b Bank Of America Corp (BAC) Still Haunted By 2008
e The real Stephen Colbert stepping forward
e ALS Patients Hope Ice Bucket Challenge Flows On
e Michael Egan III drops third Hollywood sex abuse lawsuit
t Apple to acquire Swell talk radio and podcast app for $30 million
b BMO Capital Downgrades Whole Foods Market (WFM) to Market Perform
t Netflix to Be Hurt by New FCC Rules? - Analyst Blog
t Everyone will feel the heat, warns UN climate change report
b ADP: economy adds 281000 jobs in June
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Officially Married in LA, Wed A Month Before  ...
t Pinocchio Rex Found; Dinosaur Sported Long Snout
m Same-Sex Parents Have Happier, Healthier Kids
b Amazon.com Posts Sales Up 23% to $19.74 Billion
b Asian shares mixed
b GM issues recall on 3.1 million vehicles with ignition key issues
b Tesla Loses $50 Million, Model X Could Be Delayed, Growing Pains Back, But  ...
e Rock: (Ultra)Violence is golden for Lana with new album
t Google Glass, Now Available With Diane Von Furstenberg Frames
e Be Wary And Bury The Very Scary 'I Wanna Marry Harry'
e Surviving husband injured in SXSW crash upgraded
t 2014 Jeep Cherokee Named to Ward's 10 Best Interiors List for 2014
b What's behind Americans' negative attitude toward Obama on Ukraine?
t Samsung Galaxy S5 on sale with extra perks from Sprint and Verizon
e Sean Combs is Puff Daddy. Again. Plans New Music with Rick Ross, French  ...
e Canada's David Cronenberg courts Palme d'Or buzz after 'Map to the Stars' debut
b Valeant Pharmaceuticals and Bill Ackman's Pershing team up in push for  ...
t SpaceX's Dragon to carry robot legs, vegetable garden to NASA's space station
b China: Inflation Up But No Constraint On Monetary Policy
t More Photos Can Be Shared Via Tweet Thanks To Twitter Update
m Researchers Solve Mystery Of 1918 Pandemic Flu Virus
b Economist sees modest growth in Charlotte
e Godzilla's Edwards to direct first “Star Wars” standalone film
b 4 Ways You May Be Able to Prepare and File Your Taxes for Free
t Curiosity Does Drilling U-Turn on Wobbly Mars Rock
t Russian Rocket Launch Aborted Due To 'Technical Issues'
b U.S. Producer Prices Unexpectedly Edge Down 0.2% In May
t TV: FCC Net Neutrality Proposal St…
t Google removing 'right to be forgotten' search links in Europe
m Baby Aspirin is Safe for Pregnant Women, Panel Says
b Amazon Q1 Revenue Beats, EPS Meets, Outlook Light
b S&P 500 in record territory, ticks above 1900
e Everest Jump Canceled By Discovery Channel After Deadly Avalanche
b Omnicom, Publicis call off merger that would have creating world's largest  ...
b The Zillow/Trulia Merger is a Yawn for Apartment Hunters
b Gold trading outlook: futures hit by Yellen remarks, dollar climbs
b Mortgage Interest Rates Move Up at Wells Fargo Mar 18
e Oak Ridge cancels class to reduce Southern accents
e 'The Voice' Announces Season 6 Champion
e Director Bryan Singer Sex Accusations 'Absurd'
m Sanofi, Lilly pursue Cialis over-the-counter approval
b Time Warner rebuffs Murdoch's Fox hunting
e 'Walking Dead': Who Is Gareth? Our Three Best Theories
t VP Joe Biden gets his own planet
t Safety Group Releases Parents Guide Of Recommended Cars For Teens
e 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' May Be a New, Terrible Kind of Cinema
t The new Octomom: Nature's mother of the year spends 4 years protecting eggs
e Did Josh Kaufman Deserve to Win The Voice? Weigh In! (POLL)
b IMF Says World Economy Is Stronger But Faces Threats
b Bank Of America To Pay $9.3 Billion Settlement Over Mortgage-Backed  ...
e Star Wars: Episode VII Gets 2 New Cast Members
e Kim Kardashian writes essay on racism, discrimination and motherhood
e Coldplay's New Album Garners Highest Sales Week of 2014
t Operation Mustang
e SIR PAUL MCCARTNEY has been forced to postpone the first show of his  ...
e Indiana Jones Recasting on the Way for New Trilogy?
t Apple Exec Tells Jury Google Isn't Real Target In Patent War
t WSJ: FCC's new net neutrality rules mean ISPs don't have to be neutral (update  ...
m Learning a second language may help the brain
t Antarctic ice sheet melting faster than believed, new study finds
b Upbeat Economic News Sends Stocks Higher
e Photos: Yakima and Sunnyside celebrate Cinco de Mayo
b US First-Quarter 2014 GDP Growth Revised Sharply Lower
t Supreme Court's Aereo Decision 'Sends a Chilling Message to the Technology  ...
b Dollar steady near 4-month low ahead of Yellen's debut
b Jet to switch from print to digital app
b US GDP first quarter decline three times worse than original forecast
e Before Adulthood: Boyhood
e Beyonce, Jay Z Announce 'On the Run' Tour
t Red Hat to acquire cloud computing services vendor eNovance for 70 mn euros
b Libyan rebels end oil port blockade
e 'True Detective' Season Two May Feature 'Zero Dark Thirty' Star Jessica Chastain
e Weird Al 'Royals' parody is an ode to aluminum 'Foil'
m MI distributor recalling 1.8M pounds of ground beef
e 2014 MTV Music Awards' Nominees Announced
t Former Microsoft employee leaked data to blogger
b Disney filed a patent for 'blimp-sized' puppets controlled by drones. But that  ...
t IBM launches Watson system for research, hopes for breakthroughs
e VIDEO: Fallon Pays Tribute to Letterman
m Dementia care 'costs business £1.6 billion a year'
b Argentina to S&P: 'Who Believes in the Ratings Agencies?'
m Users bemoan e-cigarette bans
m Heroin is the drug of choice
m Company recalls potentially tainted beef sent to New York restaurant
b Euro zone inflation nudges up but falls short of predictions
b US STOCKS-Wall St rallies; S&P 500 close to break-even for week
e Fans rally around 1D
t GM Ignition Recall-Suit Consolidation Sought Before Toyota Judge
e What Does the Academy's Flurry of Changes Mean for the Oscars?
e 'The Voice' Season 6, Episode 8: 'The Battles Premiere, Part 2′
e Summer Surprise: 'Jupiter Ascending' moves to February 2015
e George RR Martin posts proof he's written part of a new Game Of Thrones book  ...
e Watch: Tara Reid and Ian Ziering Reenact Sharknado 2 at Comic-Con
t Cracks Might Provide Clues About Ancient Ocean on Pluto's Moon
b CEO Whitman takes chairman post at HP
t WSU estimates 100 million planets in Milky Way can sustain life; NASA finds a  ...
t Yahoo's Nick D'Aloisio: our news algorithm isn't good enough to replace humans  ...
m Polio Spreading At High Rates, WHO Says; 60% Of Cases In 2013 Resulted  ...
b Vice President of Argentina charged with bribery
e 'True Detective' season finale: What happened? -- SPOILERS
t Will 'Titanfall' Boost Xbox One? (Game Review)
b US Stocks Continue to Power Higher on Positive Payrolls Data
e Netflix Orders Reboot of The Magic School Bus
b BofA Seen Asking Fed for Dividends Over Buybacks After Blunder
e VIDEO Selena Gomez gives inspiring We Day California speech about peer  ...
b Jersey Journal front and back page news: Monday, April 7, 2014
t Dear Govt: Change typeface, save millions. Yours, Suvir, 14
t Samsung Galaxy S3, Galaxy Note 2, Galaxy S4 Mini Android 4.4.3 KitKat Update  ...
t Facebooks seeks to ease users' privacy concerns
e Kanye West brags of spending four days perfecting famous Instagram wedding  ...
t Tesla Model III To Take On BMW 3 Series
e Olean native, Olympian and war hero Louis Zamperini dies
t Walmart Cuts Prices On iPhone 5s and iPhone 5c
e 'Mad Men' Mid-Season Finale: Peggy Olson, Don Draper and Roger Sterling  ...
t Starbucks teams up with Duracell Powermat to begin featuring wireless charging
t Eta Aquarids Meteor Shower 2014: Shooting Stars to Peak on Tuesday; Watch  ...
e Roger Ebert stars in his own movie in 'Life Itself'
t FWC Combats Lionfish Invasion With Fishery Changes
e Rebekah's Report -A Politcal Review: Government on ice for ALS
e Is AR Rahman a magician or our Mozart?
e Macklemore apologizes for costume, unaware it would offend
e See President Snow's Panem Speech In Hunger Games Teaser
e Quick Hits: Ariana Grande, Wiz Khalifa, Against Me!, Zendaya, Bobby Womack
t Why do zebras have stripes? New research offers answer.
t The Samsung Galaxy S5 ships this week. Is it worth your cash?
t US warns Facebook on WhatsApp privacy policy
e 'Transformers' unearths $100M debut at box office
e Fans Can't Tell the Difference Between 'Maleficent' and 'Snow White and the  ...
e I'm Not Feeling Politics Right Now. It's Holy Week and I Want Jesus.
b Chinese gold demand surges
e National 9/11 flag unfurled at World Trade Center museum opening
e Biblical epic Noah tests director Aronofsky's blockbuster chops
t Bye-Bye Ban: Xbox One Coming to China This September
b Piketty's Gold?
b One EPA Employee Watched Two To Six Hours Of Porn Every Day At Work  ...
e Film review: Transformers – The Age Of Extinction
b New Jersey Herald - Fast stock trades probed in New York
b Facebook to Acquire Video-Advertising Firm LiveRail
e Miley Cyrus Rushed To Hospital In Allergy Drama
e Sons of Anarchy's Dave Erickson Tapped to Co-Write, Executive Produce  ...
b Stocks in Focus: BlackBerry Ltd (NASDAQ:BBRY), Steel Dynamics, Inc. (STLD  ...
t NHTSA opens investigations into Chrysler over ignition switch problem concerns
e Bryan Cranston Helps Fan Ask Girl To Prom -- See The Cute Video
t New Cricket customers can kiss Muve Music goodbye
b PRECIOUS-Gold recovers from 2-1/2 week low; fund outflows cloud sentiment
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 release details hit the web
b Detroit plans online auctions in fight against blight
b ECB gathers under shadow of deflation
t HTC One Gets New Android 4.4.2 (4.19.401.11) KitKat Update with Wi-Fi Fix  ...
e Do we take ourselves too seriously?
e Emma Watson wows in white for London premiere
m MTV Star Diem Brown Diagnosed With Colon Cancer After Collapsing Overseas
b Taco Bell 'secret' ingredients revealed: Meat is 88 percent beef
e Paul Mazursky, five-time Oscar nominee, dies
e More Than Meets the Eye?: A fan's memories of growing up with “Transformers”
t Scientists discover new dwarf planet 2012 VP-113 beyond distant Pluto
b Stocks rise...Fed finds economy expanding in all regions...VW passes GM in  ...
b Tim Hortons celebrates Burger King buyout with 'Buffalo Crunch' doughut
b Carney pledges to push BoE FX investigations all the way
e Elisabeth Hasselbeck unloads about Rosie rejoining 'The View'; predicts Whoopi  ...
t Facebook acquires fitness and health app Moves
e Toby Kebbell Will Play Dr. Doom in "The Fantastic Four"
t New Skype Translator Offers Nearly Real-time Audio Translation
e 'Scandal' Star Tony Goldwyn Says Season Finale 'Re-Orders the Show's Universe'
e Hillary Clinton and All the Women of Broadcasting Surprised Barbara Walters on  ...
e Casey Kasem's global reach: long-distance dedications
e ?Powdered Alcohol: 3 Important Things You Should Know
b Dollar Strengthens on Rising Yields, Robust Job Gains
t PS4 has sold 7 million units worldwide
b Capital One Reports First Quarter 2014 Net Income of $1.2 billion, or $1.96 per  ...
e Jay Z's Made In America Festival Coming To Los Angeles This Summer
b GRAINS-Wheat falls, set for quarterly loss of 16 pct ahead of USDA report
e Emma Wastson-Russell Crowe toook dance lessons together
b Gas prices continue to fall
e Lena Dunham Attacks Sexism In Hollywood During SXSW Speech As She  ...
t Big Bang Theory: Breakthrough announced; gravity waves detected
t Samsung Reportedly Testing Its Tizen-based Galaxy S5
e Lopez to get Billboard Icon award
b Bakken shale formation fills its 1 billionth barrel of oil
b AF&PA Pleased with Supreme Court Decision on Tailoring Rule
m Award-winning documentary spotlights mental illness in youth
m New USDA poultry inspection rule announced
b GM Recalls 1.5 Million Cars, Not Related to Ignition Issue
m Slowdown In US Health Care Costs Largely Due to Flat Physician  ...
t Astronauts to Grow Lettuce in Space with NASA Veggie Farm
t Mars hopefuls ponder life without their families
t HTC clarifies that it is not eyeing Nokia India plant
e Is Chris Colfer really leaving 'Glee'? Probably not
e Charlie Sheen Trashes Rihanna in Epic Twitter Rant
e Tribeca 2014: Twitch Raises The Curtain With 17 Must-Sees
e Hilary Duff Speaks Out About Split From Husband Mike Comrie, Saying It 'Has  ...
t Google Self Driving Car Gains New Capability
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 and Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Hands-on Preview
t NASA to Host Media Teleconference on an Asteroid Initiative Broad Agency  ...
t Google reveals email scanning practices in new terms of service
e This Photo of Kate Middleton Not Wearing Any Underwear Is Actually the Best  ...
t Newell Rubbermaid Reaches Resolution With National Highway Traffic Safety  ...
b Pilots Blamed For Asiana Crash
t National briefs: GM recalls Camaros
e Are Justin Bieber And Selena Gomez Dating? 'Boyfriend' Singer Spotted With  ...
t Unsurprisingly, Samsung's Galaxy S5 Loses in a Fight With Sniper Rifle
e Amazon-HBO deal will make classics like "Sopranos," "The Wire" available on  ...
m Ex-Boston Mayor Menino diagnosed with advanced cancer
m Polar bear genome gives new insight into adaptations to high-fat diet
t Nexus devices aren't going away, says Google
b Alibaba reveals plan for US stock market listing
t You'll never believe the changes Facebook is making
e Film review: Bad Neighbours
t Apple Takes Aim at Beats Electronics for Streaming & Wearables
t Google buys drone business
e Hayden Panettiere Accidentally Reveals Baby's Gender
e VMAs: Ariana Grande, Nicki Minaj and Jessie J Kick Off Show With "Bang Bang"
e I kept forgetting Fifty Shades of Grey lines: Rita Ora
e Jennifer Lawrence: 'I threw up at Oscars after-party'
t 3 Reasons Facebook's 'Secret Study' Was No Big Deal
m WellCare Health Plans Q1 Profit More Than Doubles; Lifts 2014 Outlook
t Facebook buys fitness app Moves in bid to lure in more users
t Destiny announces beta dates for PlayStation and Xbox
b Relatives of Malaysia Flight 370 passengers to seek multibillion dollar  ...
m Math may cure jet lag
e 'Star Wars: Episode VII' cast revealed
b Coke, Pepsi dropping 'BVO' from all drinks - Live5News.com | Charleston, SC  ...
t Google is Forgetting Its First Europeans
e Jolie and Day-Lewis receive top honours
b Bet on euro weakness amid QE talk: HSBC's Bloom
m Stem cells created from adult donors
b IMF Slashes Russia's Growth Prospects as Ukraine Crisis Bites
t Destiny gets first E3 footage – sort of
e Peaches Geldof, daughter of Live Aid concert organizer Bob Geldof, dies  ...
b HK's retail sales down 4.1 pct in May
e Selena Gomez Gets A Telling Tattoo From The Same Artist Who Tattooed Justin  ...
e Violence trumps all in clumsy 'Purge: Anarchy'
t Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 range inbound, likely with thinner bezels and upgraded  ...
b Local postal workers protest Staples partnership
e Notary plays more than 100 primates in 'Apes'
t Cloud confusion sparked by Aereo ruling's 'guilt by resemblance'
e J.K. Rowling updates fans on the latest Harry Potter gossip
b Japan business mood recovery slows, outlook dims: BOJ tankan
e Shia LaBeouf Receiving 'VoluntaryTreatment' For Alcoholism
t Report: Google Eyeing Stake in Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic
b All Iowans have opportunity to watch unveiling of Borlaug statue
m Pandemic flu: was the Tamiflu stockpile a waste of money?
e Harry Potter returns on JK Rowling website
b Target CEO quits in wake of data breach
b Nifty ends below 6700 as elections kick off
e Kim and Kanye honeymoon without North
t Project Morpheus is Sony's 1080p virtual reality headset for PS4
t EA releases Titanfall companion app just in time for the long weekend
e 'Mad Men': 7 things to know for Season 7
e TAT to stay on course with Thailand Travel Mart 2014 Plus
t New Data Questions Netflix's Assertion That ISPs Are At Fault For Poor Quality  ...
b BofA suspends buyback, div increase after capital miscalculation
e Ellen Page Presents to Laverne Cox at GLAAD Media Awards!
t Starbucks rolling out the welcome mat for your devices
e Now Trending: Jonah Hill apologizes for homophobic slur
b Duke Energy has completed repairs to damaged NC dam, exec tells SC regulators
t DNA Analyses Of Hair Samples Reveal No Evidence Of Bigfoot, Yeti
b US stocks fall as market preps for earnings season; Dow falls 0.26%
t Report: Tesla's new entry-level sedan to share little with current Model S
e Lindsay Lohan Confirmed For West End Play
b US Initial Jobless Claims Rose Less than Expected in Latest Week
b 2 more recalls push GM total to 4.8M in a month - WBOC-TV 16, Delmarvas  ...
b Hong Kong hits seven-month high on U.S., China data
t Valve delays Steam Controller release until 2015
b Omega's Cooperman says eBay should spin off portion of PayPal: CNBC
t Marijuana grow-lights cause problems for ham-radio operators
b Gold below $1300; platinum heads for best week in 3 months
b Libyan official: US navy hands oil tanker to Libya
t Has Philly Sold Its Soul to Comcast?
e Back Together? Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez Caught Getting Their Party On  ...
m UPDATE 2-Renal denervation fails to lower blood pressure in critical test
b Internet ad sales surpass broadcast TV for first time ever
t LG's G3 sets the new benchmark for overpowered smartphones
e Ming-era wine cup breaks auction record for Chinese porcelain
t Rubik's Cube became fourty years old
e Lots of new images from Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy
b Scottish Independence: RBS 'could move to England'
b Samsung flags 25% plunge in Q2 profit
e Bets are on that Prince Harry will propose to Cressida Bonas
b Walgreens to close 76 drugstores in 2014
t Honda, Mazda, Nissan recall vehicles over Takata airbags
e Weird Al Parodies “Happy” With “Tacky”
b Kerry, Sushma to chair India-US Strategic Dialogue
b Why People Aren't Buying Doughnuts Like They Used To
b Oil at 9-month high following Iraq unrest
e Zac Efron - Zac Efron involved in fight
b Stocks shake off an early slump, close mixed; S&P 500 narrowly avoids its third  ...
t Samsung Testing Android 4.4.3 on Galaxy S5 and Galaxy S4 LTE: Report
m 'Biological pacemaker' tested in lab
e 'How I Met Your Mother' Finale Backlash: Show Creators & Stars Defend  ...
t NASA's OCO-2 Launches to Observe Atmospheric Carbon Dioxide (WATCH)
e Nigel Barker: Anna Wintour Had A Motive for Kim Kardashian, Kanye West  ...
e Guardians of the Galaxy (12A) - 'far from the worst comic book adaptation this year'
t New speed-reading apps are devilish devices
t Meteor shower peaks this week courtesy of Halley's comet "litter"
e Kanye West's Pre-Wedding Speech About Kim Kardashian: "Kim's More  ...
b Oil or gold?
b Stocks Cruise Right Along, Whistling Past The Graveyard
e Home WhatsOn Nadine Gordimer, Nobel laureate, activist, dies
b GM adds 824k cars to ongoing recall
b Tokyo court extends Mt.Gox bankruptcy investigation to May
b US stock market slips in midday trading after discouraging news on Chinese  ...
m Mosquito-borne illness 'chikungunya' hits USA
t Tesla's Model S now has a titanium underbody shield to reduce risk of battery  ...
b Brincat gives no details asLibya tanker standoff continues
b Apple to get Beats for $3 bn
t What Everyone Gets Wrong in the Debate Over Net Neutrality
m You are here! Home > Features Analyses > Drop olive oil on salad to lower BP
e 50 Cent Claims Beyonce Confronted Over Beef with Husband Jay Z: 'She  ...
e Zac Efron Michelle Rodriguez Dating? Spotted Kissing in Sardinia
e No Worries Here! Beyonce Posts Romantic Summer Snaps
m UN report shows rich-poor longevity divide persists
t Top New Mexico official says New Mexico still "in the game" for Tesla battery  ...
e BET Awards: Kerry Washington Hits Red Carpet In Cute Dolce & Gabbana Dress
b PetSmart Shares Surge After Jana Partners Reveal 9.9% Stake
b Australia probes sailor who claims to have witnessed Flight MH370 in flames
e 'Game of Thrones' Season 4, Ep 4 Spoilers: Varys, Jaime Help Tyrion in  ...
t Apple's slowing sales threaten stock
t GM recalls Camaros for ignition switches
e OMG! Kylie Jenner goes for VERY grown-up look in 'sister day' selfie with  ...
e The Bachelorette: No fantasy suite for you
e 'Neighbors' unseats Spidey to top box office
b UPDATE 5-New York's MTA, unions to continue talks Thursday to avert strike
e Drew Barrymore's half sister did NOT take her life, insists her brother, but died  ...
e Orange Is The New Black Season 2 Trailer Has Arrived! Piper Is A Solitary  ...
e Mila Kunis Finally Confirms Pregnancy on The Ellen Degeneres Show
b New York Report: Nasdaq lifted by biotech and internet stocks
m Gambia won't take passengers from Ebola-hit areas
b Combined Dollar Tree And Family Dollar To Give Wal-Mart A Run For Its Money?
b Japan logs 23rd month of trade deficit in May
b Gas price slide to help Memorial Day travelers
t Apple to Offer Live Video Stream of WWDC Keynote on June 2
t GM Sued Over Ignition Switch in Ala. Fatality
e Diane Sawyer leaving ABC's 'World News Tonight'
b Why 3D Systems (DDD) Stock Is Down Today Despite Reporting Positive Earnings
e Peaches Geldof funeral: Bob Geldof to lead the tributes at private ceremony
t Heartbleed did not affect iOS, OS X and other web services: Apple
t Google Glass debuts in UK
t How to Convince 50000 Internet Trolls to Crash a Government Website
e Kate Winslet Honored With Star On The Hollywood Walk Of Fame
b Verizon to invest $40m more in solar
e Chelsea Handler to End Chelsea Lately After Eight Years, Manager Says
e Marvel Reveals First Official Picture of Thanos
t Apple and Comcast Want to Revamp Television
t Expert: Fake eBay Customer List is Bitcoin Bait
e What does Nirvana mean to you? Share your memories with us
b GSK, Novartis unveil major revamp
e After Debut, Whedon Releases Movie For Instant Streaming
e Paul McCartney cancels more concerts due to illness
b Digital currency Bitcoin now legal in California
b UPDATE 4-GE industrial profit boost underscores strategy, shares up
b Michael's Arts and Crafts Stores and Locations Suffer Security Breach From  ...
t Samsung Ice Bucket Challenge Tries To Throw Cold Water On iPhone 6 Heat
b Wall Street retreats as cyclicals stumble
t FTC Settles With Fandango, Credit Karma Over SSL Issues in Mobile Apps
e Lupita Nyong'o, Oscar winner for '12 Years a Slave,' named People's 'Most  ...
b Netflix Inc. (NFLX) Is Challenging The Highs After Upgrade
b Facebook 1Q results soar as ad revenue up
b Barclays in Hot Water: Sued for Dark Pool Misdeeds
m Health Canada Approves Biogen Idec's Long-Acting ALPROLIX™ Therapy for  ...
t Customers data safe, EBay initially believed
e Matt Damon Does Ice Bucket Challenge With Toilet Water -- Watch
m GOING VIRAL: Topless woman ransacks Pinellas Park McDonald's
e Eminem, Rihanna to perform 'The Monster' at MTV Movie Awards; watch behind  ...
e Zac Efron topless: MTV Movie Awards 2014 moment sparks accusations of male  ...
m 25 Minutes of Daily Mindfulness Meditation Significantly Reduces Stress: Study
t HTC One M8 vs LG G3: Spec comparison
e Last night's 'amazing' 'Wheel of Fortune' guess wasn't actually that amazing
b Deadline to sign up for insurance under Affordable Care Act is tonight
m Nomura Maintains Bullish Stance on Gilead Sciences (GILD) Post EASL Meeting
e Guest View: Have a happy - and safe - Independence Day
m 10 facts about ticks you may (or may not) want to know
t Wireline isn't the only net neutrality fight you should care about
t Google's driverless cars can now dodge cyclists
b IMF cuts US growth forecast to 2%
b Turkish attempt to ban Twitter appears to backfire (Update 5)
e Brand new Michael Jackson album 'XSCAPE' set for May release
e Bey, Jay Z show secret wedding video
b Job Service Names New Executive Director
e Rolf Harris case: the boy his Australian hometown wants to forget
t National Pi Day Celebrated with Great Enthusiasm
t A different species – "Chicken from hell" Dinosaur
e 'Dancing With the Stars' season 18 winner is ...
b URGENT - Asiana NTSB
t Samsung launches Tizen app developer kit for wearables
e Kevin Costner Scores Some Home Runs At 'Field Of Dreams'
t See which STV story Google has removed
b Japan to give N-material back to US
e Sherri Shepherd Exiting 'The View' — Et …
e Gwen Stefani returns to stage after third child
m Ebola virus kills more than 100 West Africans
e 5 Mark Wahlberg films
t NASA readies Low-Density Supersonic Decelerator flying saucer for future Mars  ...
e Lindsey Lohan reveals miscarriage
b WTO sides with US in auto trade dispute with China over export subsidies
e St. Anthony, Fourth grade, Mr. Mette
b European stocks retreat on growth fears
e This Nashville Star Has Been Tapped To Play Jem In Jem & The Holograms  ...
e Lana Del Rey clicks with hot new photographer beau
e New French finance minister coy on deficit hopes
e 'Guardians Of The Galaxy' Stars Chris Pratt & Zoe Saldana Ring Opening Bell At  ...
e COACHELLA 2014: Rocking out with The Dismemberment Plan
m Student Health Center Offers Tips for Allergy Relief
t More than 200 dinosaur tracks to be set on display in Utah
e Angelina hits red carpet for 'Maleficent,' Brad attacked
t UK shocked by Facebook experiment on users, but elsewhere it is norm
b Refi Volume Falls to Lowest Level Since at Least 2010
e How I Met Your Mother final review: The end isn't always worth the wait
b Japan drugmaker Takeda to fight $6 billion damages imposed by US jury
e 'Noah' rises to top of box office with $44M debut - San Diego, California News  ...
e Rapper Andre Johnson Severs Penis And Jumps Off Building
t EBay users asked to change passwords after data breach
t Apple won't be among the top three companies by 2020
t Motorola Moto E To Be Announced on May 13: Top 5 Specs Rumors To Keep in  ...
t FCC Chairman's Proposal Allows Companies to Charge Content Providers for  ...
b Disgraced Founders Fight for Control of Their Companies
b Iraq unrest, seasonal demand supports oil prices
m New vaccine approach imprisons malaria parasite in blood cells
e 'American Idol' Recap: Caleb Johnson & The Rest Of The Final Four Take On  ...
b Pentagon grounds all F35's over engine problems, runway fire
e Bryan Singer X-es Himself Out Of 'X-Men' Publicity As He Defends Self Against  ...
b Deutsche Bank launches 8 billion euro capital hike
b BNP Pleads Guilty To Criminal Charges, Agrees To Pay $8.8 Billion
e 'Raging Bull' lawsuit allowed by Supreme Court
t Rhapsody's UnRadio with T-Mobile: How it measures up
e Mark Ruffalo Reveals His Initial Concerns Over Taking on a Gay Role in 'The  ...
b Biz Break: Tesla settles Model S fire and New York sales issues, stock rebounds
t Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) May Launch Google Fit Health Service
m Express Scripts Holding Company VP Steven B. Miller Sells 12664 Shares (ESRX)
m RI mosquitoes test negative for West Nile and Encephalitis
t New HTC One (2) / HTC M8 US Release Date: Some Facts You Should Be  ...
t Less Than 1/4 Of Android Phones Work With Google's New Smartwatches
t Weather World: Total lunar eclipse on Tuesday morning reminder
b Weather hampers MH370 search as more possible wreckage spotted
b Sales of new homes plunge 14.5 percent in March
t Could Fallout from Aereo Ruling Have “Chilling Effect On Startups”?
b India stresses on peace in conrtested South China Sea
e Dave Brockie Cause Of Death -- GWAR Frontman Died of Heroin Overdose
m Less smoking, sex and fighting among US high school kids
b FAA investigates incident in which 2 United planes flew too close to each other  ...
e Love her or loathe her, Miley Cyrus promises tour will 'keep it fun'
e Reporter stitched up in Emma Watson interview
t Apple Inc. Stock Can Rise to More than $100
t Apple users hit by $100 ransom demand after mystery iCloud account breach
m New Study About Baby Gate Safety
m Red wine ingredient no magic health pill
t Twitter taps app marketing for new revenue source
e Warner Bros. Records' offerings for Record Store Day '14
b Netflix Attracts 2.25M US Subscribers In 1Q
b Chevron Falls as Output Drops Despie Rising Spending
m Oz Mehmet, celebrity doctor and cardiothoracic surgeon, testifies about  ...
t AOL Hacked
e Scout Willis Walks TOPLESS In New York To Protest Instagram Nudity Ban  ...
t Sites picked for comet landing
b Why Cbeyond (CBEY) Stock Is Soaring Monday
e Palo Alto Premiere: Partying Coppola Style
e Gwyneth Paltrow is taking a break from Hollywood.
m 2nd annual Restaurants for Relay helps fight cancer
e Chris Brown & Drake Make Fun Of Their Feud In Hilarious ESPY Skit
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West 'to marry in France' now
b eBay Rejects Icahn Move To Spin Off PayPal
t Toyota And Honda Join Forces With Government For Fuel Cell Dominance
b Oil prices dip after a disappointing China factory data
e Ryan Gosling 'had it out' with Rachel McAdams on Notebook set
e Chris Brown To Remain Jailed Until April
b Fiat Chrysler bets on Jeep, Alfa revamp to go global
m Japanese stem cell researcher to be punished for faking research results
m Op-ed: Flexible, Utah-specific solution best for Medicaid
b Washington state pot shops frantically sort out final details
e Is Khloe Kardashian Engaged to French Montana? [WATCH VIDEO]
e The Bachelorette Season 10 Finale Spoilers: Live Stream, How to Watch, Time  ...
t Google bans pornography from ads
b Let the frenzy begin: Box files $250 million IPO
b Oracle Sales, Profit Miss Analyst Estimates on Cloud Competition
b Mortgage Rates Hit 6-Month Low, 30-Year Mortgage Falls to 4.21%
e VIDEO: Check Out the Best/Worst Fourth of July Song You've Ever Heard
m Marijuana news: Pot may ease MS symptoms, review finds
t Oculus VR Executives Were "Surprised" by Reaction to Facebook Acquisition
e What movie are you most excited to see this weekend?
m Low-Dose Aspirin May Reduce Risk of Some Cancers
e MOVIE REVIEW: 'Blended'
t Honda makes Acura a standalone division to boost luxury lineup
m First Regulations For E-Cigarettes Proposed
e Powdered alcohol not actually legal; approval was an error, say feds
b Applications for US jobless aid dip to 4-month low
e Kim Kardashian - Kim Kardashian is worried Khloé will upstage her at wedding
e Emma Watson Wore Piles of Black Satin
e Kim Kardashian Reunites With Wedding Pastor In Church
b New York's Lawsky Wants Senior BNP Executives Fired in Probe - Sources
e WATCH: Fallon, Christie do 'Dad Dancing' on 'Tonight Show'
e Taylor Swift named highest-paid singer by Billboard
b Hacker Indictments Against China's Military Unlikely to Change Anything
e Film review: 'The Other Woman'
m California Mother in Coma Gives Birth to Baby Boy
e 'Breaking Bad' Emmy Awards 2014: Series Wins Best Drama, Cranston, Paul  ...
e Movie review: 'Noah' not exactly the Bible story you know
b S&P 500 above 1900
e Bryan Cranston Basically Scared a Girl Into Going to Prom With Someone
e Are Sugar Tariffs Raising the Cost of Your Easter Basket?
b NJ Homes are Drowning [AUDIO]
b US jury says Takeda and Lilly must pay $9bn in Actos damages
e 'Game of Thrones': TV review
t Hot Stocks: Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA), Kandi Technologies Group Inc  ...
e Freddie Mercury “Would Love” Adam Lambert, According To Queen Drummer
e FX Orders Zach Galifianakis Comedy
t Was moon landing a fake? The earth is full of those who believe that it was
t Ocean Acidity Threatens Alaskan Red King Crab Vital to Fisheries
b Insurers see double-digit Obamacare price rises in many states next year
m WHO Warns Spread of Polio Global Health Emergency
m Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (NYSE:BMY) Joins Hands With Incyte Corporation For  ...
e Movie review: 'X-Men: Days of Future Past'
b UK interest rates to rise this year and could peak at 5pc
t Beats Might Exist As Independent Brand After Acquisition
t Samsung Readies Galaxy S5 Mini
t Sprint second-quarter revs top estimate as network upgrade progresses
b Production halt for India's iconic Ambassador
b Stocks are little changed at start of holiday-shortened week; S&P 500 set to end  ...
e WATCH: Beyonce Performs at the 2014 MTV VMAs, Accepts Video Vanguard  ...
m Jenny McCarthy: I Am Not 'Anti-Vaccine'
e LeBron James cast in Judd Apatow's Trainwreck
b US Dollar Slump Post FOMC To Push Gold, Silver Higher
b Rising prices crimp consumers' spending power
e Justin Bieber Disses Drake Bell by Stopping by Album Release Party
b Fed Gives Itself Wiggle Room
e Marvel says the next Captain America will be an African American
e Woman who fabricated story about surviving Holocaust ordered to pay $22.5  ...
b DC group submits petitions for vote on pot
t Buy Google Glass Today In The US
e Comic book depicting Superman's debut fetches over $3M in eBay auction
m Mental illness shortens life more than heavy smoking
t Fines are least of GM's worries
t Amazon 3D smartphone unveiling on June 18? What to expect
e Anchor Diane Sawyer to step down from ' World News'
e Heaven is for Real: The Real Story
t Godzilla of Earths Discovered: Mega-Earth Kepler-10c 'Could Rewrite History of  ...
e Jonah Hill apologizes for using gay slur in encounter with paparazzo
b Taco Bell Out-Ronald's McDonald's
b China's Lenovo full-year profit rises 29pc; meets estimates
t Study : Cuteness causes the domestication of species
e Tupac's Last Words Were "F*ck You," Las Vegas Cop Says
t Nest Protect is back at $99, but without Wave
b McDonald's Might Be Liable For Labor Practices
e Resurrection tells us we needn't fear death
e Jennette McCurdy speaks out for her absence at The Kid's Choice Awards
e Kim Kardashian steps out in slimming grey outfit for the second day in a row
e New roles accounced for ABC anchors, Sawyer and Stephanopoulos
t Business Wire
m VIDEO: Children With Rare Malaria Immunity Could Mean New Vaccine
e PHOTO VIDEOS Miley Cyrus' tour bus destroyed by fire in the middle of the night
b Jobless claims fall by 6000
e Does a guy dying on a cross 2000 years ago matter?
t LG Netherlands Leaks Details on 5.5" QHD G3 Smartphone
m Inspiring toddler says 'I got it,' while learning to walk with just one leg
t Microsoft Targets Evernote with Free OneNote, New Mac Version
m Swiss air service seeks investigation by prosecutors in Schumacher medical files  ...
b Why Earnings Season Could Be Great for Johnson Controls (JCI)
b US stocks gain for third-straight day
b WRAPUP 1-China May data shows growth steadying, but more stimulus may be  ...
b Twitter earnings: It's user base that matters
t Lizard Squad Tweet Attack On Microsoft Xbox Live After PlayStation Network  ...
b US exporting more oil despite restrictions as government, companies clarify what  ...
e HBO sells reruns of hit shows to Amazon
e Rooney Mara May Play Tiger Lily In Joe Wright's Pan
b IRS warns of massive phone scam, taxpayers in nearly every state targeted
b Russia Calls UN Resolution on Crimea Referendum 'Counterproductive'
b Oil - longest losing streak in 4 1/2 years
e TV Star Michael Jace Shot His Wife Dead
t Anybody In The U.S. Can Buy Google Glass On April 15
m Could a SMELL test diagnose Alzheimer's? Inability to detect odours indicates  ...
b Draghi Talks Keep Euro Below 2-1-2 Year High, Aussie Fall
e 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2' Gets Thumbs-Up: Are You Ready USA?
t DNA Tests Find No Bigfoot, Possible Yeti : New Study
e The Amazing Spider-Man 2 spins the same old web
b The Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) Recalling CEO
e Representative: 'L'Wren Scott was not planning company closure'
e Mickey Rooney - Mickey Rooney's Family Settles On Hollywood Burial Site
t Most USB thumb drives can be reprogrammed to silently infect computers
t Car industry struggles to solve air bag fiasco
b Rice: Ukraine should be a wake-up call
e Kendall Jenner shows support for Kanye West in Yeezus tour shirt
b Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370: Chinese Relatives 'Manhandled and Removed  ...
e MMVAs 2014: Why is Kendall Jenner's daring slit-to-there dress such a big deal?
e William Shakespeare's 450th birthday
m American missionaries infected with Ebola to be brought to home
m Half of American Combat Soldiers in Chronic Pain Use Opioids
e 'The Voice' Season 6 (2014) Week 2 Live Shows Spoilers, Recap: Top 10  ...
b CON: Ending tax breaks for super-rich can make tax day fun for rest of us
b Turks Tweet Their Rage at Government's Twitter Ban
e A Look At 'How I Met Your Mother'
e Stephen Colbert Rant on Redskins Foundation Inspires "#CancelColbert  ...
b Wall Street advances; S&P, Nasdaq book 5th straight gain
e Bieber sparks international controversy
e Justin Bieber briefly detained at LAX by customs
t Old console, new tricks: Getting the most out of your Xbox 360
t Motorola's rumored budget Moto E looks colorful next to the Moto G
t Update Galaxy S4 LTE (Snapdragon 600) with I9505XXUFNC4 Android 4.4.2  ...
t HP To Invest $1 Billion In Helion Cloud Infrastructure
t Toyota's $1.2 bln settlement may be model for US probe into GM
t Pluto`s moon Charon may have had an underground ocean in the past
b Live: 'Final ping' from flight MH370 being probed, says Malaysia
m Whooping Cough In California Soars To Epidemic Levels
e Eric Hill's Sister on Watching The Bachelorette After His Death: "Seeing Him  ...
b 6/26 Impact Viewership Sees Decrease, This Weekend's WWE & TNA Live Event  ...
t Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella may unveil Office for iPad on March 27
e Sofia Vergara, Joe Manganiello Are Dating
b Wheat to 3-1/2 months low ahead of monthly USDA report
b Target names new CIO, sets new security measures
b Confirmed: Zebra Technologies Is Buying Motorola Solutions' Handheld Unit For  ...
e Avril Lavigne - 'Hello Kitty' [Music Video]
b Report: VCs invest more for software, less for life sciences
m Oscar only lost temper twice: Agent
e National 9/11 Flag
e Chelsea Handler's Last Show 'Chelsea Lately' for E! Features Stars Galore  ...
e Elle Fanning: Disney Debuts 'Maleficent' Posters & New Stills
b Crews now grading land for Family Dollar store in Axton
e 'Shield' Actor Enters Plea in Murder Case
t Announcement of 250 new emoji
b UPDATE: Shire Agrees GBP32 Billion Acquisition By AbbVie
b Bitcoin Software Fixed to Avoid Another Mt. Gox
e The 9 Worst Wedding Gifts to Get Kim and Kanye
b Spirit Airlines to begin flying out of Kansas City
m Hospital infections account for 75000 deaths in the US annually
b Malaysian plane down in Ukraine, 295 aboard feared killed
t At GM, still another recall
e Theater review: 'Heathers,' a musical based on the cult film
b No Asset Management Ban For Credit Suisse
e Casey Kasem a calm voice in swirl of pop
m 2014 Kick Butts a success
t Office for iPad available now, requires Office 365 to edit docs
b Negotiations failed to hedge funds: Argentina is bankrupt / Breaking News
t 5 no-bull facts you need to know about the 'no-Internet-fast-lane' bill
b Twitter beats Street expectations as number of users rise, shares rise
t Feds warn against using Microsoft's Internet Explorer until security hole is fixed
t 11 Questions And Answers For WWE Network UK October Launch
b UPDATE 4 (Day 15) MISSING MH370: US may give sonar gear to M'sia for search
e Keira Knightley and Mark Ruffalo Begin Again with a New Trailer
e IGN Readers Prefer Batman vs. Superman to Captain America 3
e Halle Berry shows off her impressively slender figure less than a year after giving  ...
t Mars InSight mission will drill deep beneath planet's crust for the first time
e Coldplay's Chris Martin joins 'The Voice' as key adviser to Blake Shelton, Adam  ...
t Facebook To Make Mobile Users Download Messenger
m Louisiana included in Alli weight-loss drug recall
e Robin Thicke's New Song for Paula Patton - Get Her Back
e Rihanna, Beyonce And Taylor Swift Make Bank On Billboard's Highest Music  ...
e Kim Kardashian goes back to blond hair in New York City
m We're humans, not robots with 21 facial expressions
e Katy Perry to write songs about John Mayer
m Ex-Olympic champ Amy Van Dyken-Rouen continues to be in high spirits despite  ...
e 'The Bachelorette': The Final 4 named for hometown dates
e Leslie Jones Blasted for Saturday Night Live Slave Sketch: Funny or Foul?
e George Zimmerman Has an Armed Life on the Move
e Robin Thicke's VH1 Twitter chat backfires, questions about misogyny and rape  ...
t Sony Xperia Z2 vs HTC One (M8): the 'premium' device comparison
b UK inflation takes a surprise jump in June
e Beyoncé and Solange make first public appearance since Met Ball fight
e 'The Voice' top 8 perform tonight, 3 going home tomorrow
t Amateur radio on display
m Ky. Gov. puts million dollars in budget for colon cancer screening programs
t Google builds its own self-driving car, sans steering wheel
b Michaels hack hit 3 million customers
e In sea of gowns, Robin Wright went with a jumpsuit; other highs and lows in  ...
t Space Launch Deal Puts Spotlight On Contracting Revolving Door
e Dutch girl, 14, arrested for American Airlines 'joke' tweet threat
e X-Men: Days Of Future Past Clip – The sentinels attack mutants old and new
e WATCH: Keira Knightley Displays Her Singing Skills As Adam Levine Acts In  ...
b Tesco Profit Declines Despite European Revival
t Camelopardalid meteor shower a bit of a bust
t Office for iPad - Microsoft reaches the crossroads
b With Growth Slowing, Will China Launch a Stimulus?
e Robert Downey Jr. and Wife Susan Are Expecting Another Baby!
e Injured Harrison Ford gets visit from his wife
e Theater Review: The Cripple of Inishmaan
e Emma Stone Chops Her Hair, Owns the Venice Film Festival Red Carpet
e 'The Voice' recap; top 12 results
e Amazon Prime Makes A Deal For HBO Programs, Fire TV Adds HBO Go
e Ciara gives birth to a baby boy!
e Roseanne Barr Poses Like Kim Kardashian: Hey There, Kanye...
m No benefit from antioxidant in wine and chocolate, new study says
e Degrading literature
e It's confirmed! Chris Martin-Gwyneth Paltro end their marriage
t Canada Revenue Agency site still partly disabled because of Heartbleed bug
e Ex-Journey frontman Steve Perry back on stage
e X-Men director sex abuse lawsuit
t Google restores some links to news articles after outcry over removal under 'right  ...
m Prostate Cancer More Common and Aggressive in Young Men, Study
e Farley Mowat: a timeline of his life
e Lupita Nyong'o, Chris Rock, Julia Louis-Dreyfus among 271 invited to join film  ...
e Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez reunite in Texas
b Home prices still climbing, but slowly
e Jenny Lewis Calls on Brie Larson, Anne Hathaway, Kristen Stewart for "Just One  ...
e Harrison Ford's 'injuries are worse than the film company have made out'
t Starbucks rolls out wireless phone charging stations
b Ford Q1 Profit Down, Misses Estimates; Backs 2014 Pre-tax Profit Guidance
e Thor will be a woman in the comics, Marvel announces
b Posted by Muhammad Iqbal
t Netflix pays Verizon for network connection to speed up video
t Samsung scores minor victory over Apple in Japanese patent lawsuit
b ATK to spin off sports biz, merge defense, aerospace with Orbital Sciences
m Last Wish: Giraffe 'Kisses' Dying Caretaker
b Unique Approaches to Combating Youth Unemployment
t 'Lucy' floors 'Hercules.' FCC asked to weigh in on Dodgers TV mess.
b GM to invest US$450m in two Michigan plants: Detroit News
b US Will Extend Deadline For Those Unable To Enrol For Health Care On  ...
e Cameron Diaz feels fearless
m Shape Magazine Tells a Woman Who Lost 172 Pounds Not to Wear a Bikini
e 'Transformers: Age of Extinction:' Michael Bay Responds To Critics Of His  ...
e Justin Bieber won't be prosecuted for stealing phone
m test to predict Alzheimer's years in advance
m Protein gives hope for malaria vaccine
t Android Wear Receives First Update to KMV78V – Both G Watch and Gear Live  ...
e Selena Gomez Gets 'Love Yourself First' Tattoo -- Dissing Justin Bieber?
b IRS Says Bitcoin Is Property, Not Currency -- Update
e The Voice 2014: Best Performance From the Season 6 Live Finals — May 19  ...
m US lawmakers blast e-cigarette advertising campaigns aimed at youths
e Red Band 'Sex Tape' Trailer: 'This Is Your Best Idea Ever'
e 'New Kids On The Block' Reality Series Coming
t US warns business about 'heartbleed' computer bug
e Beyonce and Jay Z start joint On The Run tour in Miami
t Samsung phones to remain on US shelves
t Starbucks installing wireless charging stations in Bay Area stores
m Google's On a Quest to Help Humans Become Perfectly Healthy
e Zach Braff: Don't over-complicate movies
e Tupac's Final Words Revealed By Las Vegas Police Officer
b US Navy SEALs board rogue Libya oil tanker
b BlackBerry takes another step from consumer market with Amazon app store deal
m Sanofi and Lilly announces agreement to pursue regulatory approval of Cialis
e Pamela Anderson Delivers Heartfelt Speech On Past Sexual Abuse
t Blackberry hopes to reverse slump in emerging markets with Z3 budget handset
t Amazon unveils its first smartphone, the “Fire Phone”
e How I Met Your Mother gets its best rating for finale
e Mick Jagger prepares to say goodbye to L'Wren Scott
t Commercial shipment arrives at space station, Virginia company delivers food  ...
b The Same-Day Delivery Space Is Suddenly Growing Crowded
e Inspired by the Flood Story
e R2D2 to Return to Next Star Wars
t Google's Self-Driving Cars Are Smarter Than You Are -- By A Lot
e Only 128 minutes to save the galaxy so hold on tight
e 'Muppets Most Wanted' is a medicocre caper
e Did Justin Bieber Lead Selena Gomez To New Tattoo? Singer Gets 'Love  ...
e WEIRD COUPLE ALERT: Zac Efron and Michelle Rodriguez pictured  ...
b Alcoa Moves Further Into Aerospace Industry With $2.85B Acquisition
e Is Gwen Stefani Replacing Christina Aguilera On The Upcoming Season Of The  ...
e Confessions of a Reformed Shia Labeouf Fan
t 3000mAh user-removable battery with wireless charging support
e Jennifer Lopez is teary eyed as she cheers on American Idol finalists Caleb and  ...
e 'Twin Peaks' Blu-ray has 90 minutes of lost footage: Watch
e Mariah Carey Probably Isn't Going To Be Happy About This Radio Interview Nick  ...
b PC slump continues to hit Intel but tablet processor demand offers hope
t College notes news
e Pregnant Christina Aguilera Is Naked In Sexy New Spread For V Magazine
b US consumer confidence falls slightly in April
e Cannes Film Festival Announces Full 2014 Line-Up
b Europe midday: Stocks slide as ECB QE prospects dimmed
e '22 Jump Street' Continues the Jonah Hill, Channing Tatum Comedy Revolution
e Amazon Prime Music Launches With Just 1 Million Tracks
t Hackers demand €30000 from Domino's not to leak 600000 customer details
e Lea Michele & Naya Rivera Sizzle In See-Through Dresses At 'Glee' 100th  ...
b EC slams Turkey for shutting down Twitter
m Five new Ebola cases in Guinea in 24 hours: WHO
e Justin Bieber Rocks Full On, Fierce Suit At Gala In Cannes And It Was all That
t New element 117 wins place on the periodic table
e Legend Bobby Womack dies
e If Ariana Grande Had A 'Problem' In 20 Different Musical Styles
e How Mick Jagger's Tragedy Could Cost the Rolling Stones Up to $10 Million
b 10 Things You Need To Know Before The Opening Bell
t DVF's Google Glass Can Be Yours For How Much?
b NY Atty General files $70M lawsuit against FedEx
e Joel McHale plays with knives in 'Deliver Us from Evil'
b 4th Bailout Review Is Positive, Cyprus Says
t Who Are Lizard Squad - Isis-Linked Hackers or Trolls Making Bomb Threats?
e Shamed star Justin Bieber apologises for using n-word in racist 'joke'
t Apple: Oleg Pliss affected users should change their Apple ID password; iCloud  ...
e Opie & Anthony Co-Host Anthony Cumia Fired After Racist Twitter Rant
b Bank of Japan holds off fresh stimulus
e Brady Bunch star Ann B Davis dies, aged 88
b I-495 bridge in Delaware closed due to tilting columns
t Microsoft may announce biggest round of layoffs in company history this week  ...
e Justin Bieber's apology is a great apology
t Whaling verdict 'won't hurt Japan'
e Camera captures N.H. couple's encounter with angry moose
m Routine pelvic exams not recommended under new guidelines
m St. Jude to pay $375M for firm that makes heart-monitoring implants
b Westgate buys former Las Vegas Hilton
e Megan Fox Find Being A Working Mom "So Hard"
m Final farewell: The heartbreaking moment a giraffe kisses his cancer-stricken  ...
t Latest Headache For Obama Is Website Virus
t Google plans a 7in Android powered Project Tango tablet
e Edgar Wright leaves Marvel's 'Ant-Man'
e Lindsay Lohan Miscarriage: The Starlet Revealed The Shocking Truth On The  ...
b AbbVie-Shire takeover talks seen focusing on tax and price risks
t Visualisation 'shows asteroid hits'
t Google Pushes for Android Everywhere as Mobile Spreads
b Turkey fails to block Twitter
b Sun Pharma shares jump, Ranbaxy falls post acquisition deal
e Holy Week, Easter Services
b Curbs on Houston Ship Channel traffic lifted 5 days after oil spill
b Subway: 'Yoga mat' chemical out of bread by next week
e Channing Tatum Has Talked to Fox About Playing Gambit
m FDA proposes ban on e-cigarettes for young Americans
m Problems conceiving? High cholesterol could be to blame for poor fertility
b Freddie Mac: Average 30-year mortgage rate at 4.4%, up from 4.32%
t Time Warner Cable (TWC) Set to Announce Earnings on Thursday
b Bank of England to Restructure After Forex Allegations
t Warming putting US in danger, report says
b Mystery Billionaire Buys Record-Breaking $201 Million Life Insurance Policy
e Ricky Gervais, Constantine introduce clip from Muppets Most Wanted
e New Couple Alert? Orlando Bloom and Selena Gomez Spotted Together
e Kevin Bacon Joins 'Black Mass,' 'Cop Car' In Busy Three-Film Hiatus From 'The  ...
e Matt Damon's 'ALS Ice Bucket Challenge' With Toilet Water, Challenges George  ...
b FedEx slapped with US charges over online drugs
t Amazon Fire Phone vs. Galaxy S5: What's the Best Phone?
m Relay participants' dedication inspires
m US city in California offers free marijuana to poor residents
t Someone is going to make Google's smart contact lens a reality
b Amazon.com Inc (AMZN) Adds Shopping Cart On Twitter Inc (TWTR)
b Mississippi jobless rate rises in March as payrolls fall
t Business in Savannah in brief
e LaToya Jackson pays tribute to Michael Jackson on 5th anniversary of his death
b Deutsche Bank investment banking revenues may shrink in Q2 - CFO
e PHOTOS: Journalist dives under America Ferrera's Dress on Cannes Red Carpet
b Potential ECB policies 'will complement each other'
b BlackBerry revenue plunges 64 percent, shares drop
e Watch Beyonce Accept the 2014 MTV Video Vanguard Award
b MasterCard investigates report of California DMV breach
m Third U.S. MERS case brings more questions than answers
t Windows Phone 9 Preview Coming In Early 2015 (Rumor)
e On Showtime's 'Penny Dreadful,' a monster mash that meanders
b Amazon blocks pre-orders of Hachette titles
b It Turns Out Obamacare Did Not Save the Economy in Q1
e Comic Book Review: 'Amazing Spider-Man' #1.1
b Duke Energy, utilities panel to discuss coal ash
m Tamiflu may not help flu sufferers
m Who's Giving Money to Florida's Medical Marijuana Campaigns?
b Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac Shares Fall on Wind-Down Measure
t Microsoft's Bing launches 'right to be forgotten' form
b 1st LD Writethru: U.S. crude price drops ahead of inventories data release
t Apple Wants The Link Between Your Devices To Be You, Not A Shared Wi-Fi  ...
e Kate Winslet gets her own star on Hollywood Walk of Fame
e Ivanka Trump Goes Grandiose In Green At The 2014 Met Gala!
b Britain to sell Lloyds Bank shares worth 4.2bil pounds
b US SANCTIONS PUTIN ALLIES AS UKRAINE VIOLENCE GOES ON
m Polio now global emergency as conflicts fuel spread
e Pharrell Announced As Cee Lo Green's Replacement For NBC's The Voice  ...
e 'Dawn of the Planet of the Apes' brings virtual simians to life
e Gary Oldman defends Alec Baldwin, Mel Gibson's controversial comments: 'We  ...
e Dawn of the Planet of the Apes - New Trailer
t The Heartbleed Bug Is Mostly Fixed, But There Are Still More Than 20000  ...
b Stock Market News for August 27, 2014 - Market News
b Fiat Chrysler Five-Year Plan – Chrysler to Be Marketed as Mainstream Brand
t Why would Nike kill the FuelBand?
b Weekly Jobless Claims Fall to Lowest Level in Nearly 7 Years
t Netflix to Increase Streaming Service Cost by $1 for New Subscribers
t Roll up for digital whack-a-mole: Europe can't enforce the right to be forgotten
b Metro Detroiters Sample New Taco Bell Breakfast
b Opinion analysis: EPA mostly wins, but with criticism
e Jay Z's former producer Chauncey Mahan hatched extortion plot over lost  ...
b More Eurostar trains cancelled in UK
e 9/11 memorial museum dedicated where twin towers once stood
t Galaxy Note 4 vs Galaxy S5 – Price and Specs Comparison
t Apple: Let Us Not Get Overexcited
m E-cigarette bans take effect in Chicago and New York
e Fans find inspiration in visit to Jackson's Gary home
b Pfizer pledge 'insufficient' says top scientist
t US Accuses Russian Hacker in Huge Computer Scam
e EL James Debuts First Look At Jamie Dornan As Christian Grey
e Movie Review: 'Oculus' an intriguing psycho thriller
e Georgina Haig Cast as Queen Elsa on Once Upon a Time
b Low inflation keeping financial conditions tight - ECB's Noyer
b DISH CEO Ergen Discusses Merger With DIRECTV's White [REPORT]
b Chrysler To Double Line-Up: New 100 Compact Sedan, New Crossovers, And  ...
t SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket set to launch today on ISS resupply mission
e Strahan Visits “GMA,” Confirms He's Joining The Show
m Children's Brands In Fight To Keep Names Off E-Cigarettes
b Senate Report Says Target Had Warnings Of Data Breach
e Madonna's hairy new look is just the pits
m Portage, Taylor counties ranked among healthiest in state
t Xbox One's Next Wave of Features
e Jodie Foster has married Alexandra Hedison
e Seth Meyers to host 66th Primetime Emmy Awards
e Lena: I feel you Shia
e Superman's Statue For Batman v. Superman: Dawn Of Justice Explained
t eBay to ask users to change passwords after database hack
e One Direction band members apparently caught smoking joint in leaked video
m Norovirus: Far More Likely To Come From Restaurant Than Cruise Ship
m Study casts doubts on e-cigarettes as quitting aid
e Celine Dion Says That Muppets Are Alive
b SolarCity acquires Silevo to build world's largest solar panel factory
t Microsoft mum on Office for iPad revenue, while hyping the app's 12 million  ...
b US job market will lag until 2017, IMF predicts
e Paul Simon and Edie Brickell domestic disturbance charges dropped
t Pure Light into Matter: Scientists Work on an 80 Year old Theory Successfully
e 'Batman vs. Superman' Movie Update: Jason Momoa Claims He's More Of An  ...
t About 60 mn PC replacements in some mkts possible this year
b Dow has worst drop since February: What happened?
b Argentina slides into default as debt talks fail
b Sprint, T-Mobile move closer to $50 billion merger
b Apple buys Beats, hires Dr Dre
t The plot to kill Google cloud: We'll rename Windows Azure to MICROSOFT Azure
t 7-for-1 AAPL split to encourage smaller investors, may also open entry to Dow  ...
b Chinese military face cyber spying charges
e Snortable Alcohol on Its Way
e Andrew Garfield gets some extra Spidey sense from Emma Stone on 'SNL'
b Airbnb Could Be Joining the $10 Billion Valuation Club
e 'Scandal' Sneak Peek: The Grant Children Make Their Debut!
t Review: 'Infamous: Second Son' a great exclusive for the PS4
b Port Authority to cover legal bills for 15 employees in GWB probe
b Amazon Fire Phone Launched With 4.7 Inches Display, 3D Dynamic Perspective  ...
e tvRoundup: Arya and the Hound Supercut, the Kardashians and Stephen Hawking
t First DLC announced at PAX East for Titanfall called “Expedition”
b Pfizer Plans to Raise AstraZeneca Bid Before Going Hostile
t Slashdot: NSA Allegedly Exploited Heartbleed
e Corvette museum board opts to preserve part of massive sinkhole that  ...
e Hayden Panettiere pregnant with first child
m NARH closing to have multimilion-dollar impact, ripple effect
e ABC renews 'Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.,' orders 'Captain America' spinoff
e Game Of Thrones: Who Gives Shocking Testimony At Tyrion's Trial To Get  ...
b Wells Fargo Profit Rises 14% as Costs Fall
t Flies' 'surprising mental capacity'
m No Reports of Ebola in SA
e 5 Inspirational Maya Angelou Poems Every Young Woman Should Read
t FCC plan for Internet 'fast lanes' in jeopardy
e OWN to Air Two-Hour Finale of Docu Series LINDSAY, 4/20
b 'Candy Crush' maker King sees share value tumble 15 percent in market debut
b Gas prices spike in Springfield
e Kim Kardashian Going Back To Music?
e LaBeouf to face charges after theatre arrest
b Lufthansa cancels most flights during three-day strike
e Supreme Court hears arguments in TV-on-the-Internet dispute
e Cameron Diaz, Jason Segel attend The Brickwood hosted 'Sex Tape' screening
e As 1D's Zayn and Louis 'smoke a joint', we look at the curse of the child star
e Cineast Movie Previews: 'Get On Up,' 'Behaving Badly,' 'What If'
t Facebook Plan To "Redesign, Rebrand" Oculus Rift, Notch Cancels Minecraft  ...
m Sleepy Drivers Kill Thousands Every Year; Naps And Coffee Recommended
t Iranian Court Issues a 'Come Hither" to Mark Zuckerberg
e Oscar Movies Leonardo DiCaprio and Toni Garrn Split News: Disses  ...
e Watch Zac Efron Dance Seductively to Jason Derulo's 'Wiggle' [VIDEO]
e Beyonce - Beyonce unveils wedding video
m Blood Test Predicts Alzheimer's Up to Three Years in Advance
t EBay could face compensation claims following cyber attack, warns expert
m This state tops the CDC's list of painkiller prescription rates
e Lorde meets baseball star George Brett, inspiration for the song 'Royals'
b Hopes rise as more debris is found in hunt for missing Malaysia Airlines flight
m CDC: 3rd Suspected MERS Case Was False Alarm
b Inside the AT&T-DirecTV merger: What can consumers expect?
b China reveals a fifth of farm land polluted
m Samsung boss Lee suffers heart attack
e Why former GMA host Joan Lunden has gone public about her breast cancer  ...
e Johnny Manziel parties with Justin Bieber, Floyd Mayweather
e Ariana Grande Releases "My Everything" Tracklist (DETAILS)
b MH370: Reports about sightings in Maldives untrue, says Malaysia
e Powdered alcohol approved by feds, causes a stir
m Cobra gathers over deadly Ebola virus
e Magazine sleuths uncover Bieber-Gomez expectations
t Alleged Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Photo Surfaces
t Cop's '0INK' plate may lead to end of vanity plates in Indiana
b US: Jet nearly collided with drone over Florida
b Rupert Murdoch resolves News Corp succession question as Lachlan returns
e Lindsay Lohan opens up about alleged sex list
t 8GB iPhone 5C Launched By O2 UK
t Facebook's Slingshot Android App gets Mixed User Reactions
e John Wayne Bobbitt weighs in on rapper Andre Johnson's reported penis  ...
e Private Funeral for Mick Jagger's Longtime Girlfriend, L'Wren Scott, Held in Los  ...
t Apple Scores Partial Victory in Latest Patent Claims Against Samsung
t Exploring Apple-Samsung dispute
e Noah
e Ariana Grande Has Trouble Overcoming Insecurity
e Fourth of July Safety
b Barclays boss Antony Jenkins wields the axe – but hails 'wise' rise in bonuses
t Why EBay (EBAY) Stock Is Lower This Morning
e 'Spider-Man' Spin-Off 'The Sinister Six' Will be Directed by Drew Goddard
t NEWS WRAP: Microsoft confirms up to 18000 jobs will go in 'realignment' of  ...
b Index-Linked Gilts Rise as Gap Between Inflation Gauges Widens
b Toxic tap water spurs panic buying in China city: Media
b THE NEWS WRAP: Long-awaited Amazon smartphone likely to be unveiled on  ...
b Funds keep faith with euro money markets
b EUROPE MARKETS: European Stocks End Choppy Day In Black
e Watch: First Trailer For Woody Allen's 'Magic In The Moonlight' Starring Emma  ...
t Beats headphones by Dr. Dre rumored to be bought by Apple
t Driverless cars to get UK boost with £10m fund and licenses for public roads by  ...
t New iOS 8 SDK: Come in, apps. Get cozy, sip wine, swap numbers
t “Hey, u single? xxx”: Facebook introduces 'ask' button for relationships (memes)
m PH gov't agencies urged to focus on MERS-CoV prevention, prepare briefer for  ...
e Lindsay Lohn, Liv Tyler spotted in Manhattan on Lohan's birthday
t Mars to woo sky watchers April 8 and 14
e Joan Lunden battling breast cancer
b Scientific Games To Buy Bally For $5.1 Billion
e Justin Bieber Arrested Again? Report Says Bieber Detained at LAX
b Ex P&G chief is Obama's choice to lead Veterans Affairs
m U.S. FDA approves Biogen's hemophilia B drug Alprolix
b The Coca-Cola Company Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by  ...
t Google Chromecast launches in the UK: review
t Microsoft Xbox One sales double after Kinect-less experience goes on sale
e The Voice 2014 Season 6 Spoilers: Part 1 – Battles Round 2 Winners
e 'Fury' Trailer: Brad Pitt Plays Master and Tank Commander
t Gas Prices Climb in Tennessee
t The Leadership Lesson from Mozilla's CEO Resignation
t Nokia to Close Sale of Handset Business to Microsoft on Friday -Update
t Twitter loss widens but user numbers propel shares
e Justin Bieber Will Still Attend Selena Gomez's Birthday Party
e Netflix Is NOT Picking Up Canceled 'Community' Show
e 7 People Killed In Plane Crash
b Walmart, Barnes & Noble take advantage of Amazon-Hachette fight with big  ...
e Rita Ora opens up about Fifty Shades of Grey role while partying at Cannes Film  ...
b CBS Outdoor Seeks to Buy Small Rivals After $560 Million IPO (2)
e George Clooney Slams Rumors His Future Mother-In-Law Is Opposed To Amal  ...
m Man Allegedly Stole From Man During Heart Attack
t Jacques Cousteau's Grandson, Fabien Cousteau, Completed 31 Days Under  ...
t PM/AM: The Post-Google Moto
t iPhone 5s and Samsung Galaxy S5: Which is Better
t E3 2014 Rumors: Rumored PS4, PS3, Xbox One, Xbox 360 Games; Sony  ...
t Smartphone anti-theft solutions: Samsung adding 'kill switch'
t Google+ Creator Leaving the Company
b With King Digital's Quiet Period Over, Is Now the Time to Buy?
e Leonado DiCaprio spotted dancing at Coachella [VIDEO]
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's wedding: The dress, the drama, the spectacle
t Franken says FCC Net neutrality proposal would "destroy" open Internet
b World Bank keeps East Asia growth forecast at 7.1%
e Mick Jagger, Dave Stewart & Ellen Barkin Say Goodbye To L'Wren Scott
e Demi Lovato Goes The Extra Mile With Her Grunge Look, By Debuting DREADS  ...
b Spain moves to sell 49 pct of airport authority
b Four things to know about unmanned aircraft
b China Telecom strong in 2013, but customer numbers still down this year
t Google gets take-down requests after European court ruling: Source
b FTC Says Data Brokers Need To Make Their Information Trove Clearer To  ...
b BSkyB Confirms Pay-TV Talks With 21st Century Fox
b Emotional, violent protests a year post B'desh disaster
e Lea Michele visited a spa on the anniversary of Cory Monteith's death
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Release Date, Features & Specs: Smart Fingerprint  ...
b US Bankcorp, PHH: Sunday's Mortgage Interest Rates Jun 29, 2014
m Medical Marijuana Bill Gets Another Hearing
m Ebola outbreak largest ever as death toll hits 467
b Finally! Microsoft Unveils Office for iPad
b Flight MH370: 'Underwater noise' detected off coast of Australia as sailors claims  ...
b Ericsson sees $394 million second-quarter profit
e 'Shield' actor Michael Jace charged with murder in shooting death of wife
t Austrian computer student: I accidentally hacked Twitter with a heart symbol
b UPDATE 2-Detroit pension deal approved by one retirement system
e Did this little boy go to heaven and meet Jesus? 'Heaven is for Real' movie  ...
e Rolling Stones Play First Show Since Death of Mick Jagger's Girlfriend, L'Wren  ...
e Lorde to Write Original Song for 'Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1' Soundtrack
t Rarely Seen Lancetfish Washes Up Alive on North Carolina Beach
e Australian PM 'gutted and dismayed' at Harris verdict
b FOREX-Dollar index holds near six-month peak
e Star-Studded Style Weekend!
t Microsoft Bumps OneDrive Storage to 1TB for Office 365 Subscribers
b Credit Suisse in $885 million settlement
e Weekend Box Office: 'Transformers' Dominates Worst July 4th Weekend Since  ...
b Case-Shiller Reports Slowing House Price Growth
b Relative Strength Alert For Freehold Royalties (FRU)
t Arctic Amplification Linked to Fewer Extreme Winters in Northern Hemisphere
e 'Transformers 4' tops North American box office
b Big Surprise in Durable Goods
e L'Wren Scott death: Mick Jagger's family comfort grieving star while Rolling  ...
b Fitch Affirms Voronezh Region at 'BB+'; Outlook Stable
b AOL announces acquisition of Santa Monica based Converto Inc.
t Could Oculus Be A Game Changer for Telemedine?
e I called new album Paula because is is about her: Thicke
t Google Inc (GOOG) Partners with Ray-Ban Maker Luxottica to Design Google  ...
e Scoop: ONCE UPON A TIME IN WONDERLAND on ABC - Tonight, March 27, 2014
t Google translate to go visual as it bags Word Lens
e Charlie Sheen goes off on Rihanna
b Toyota to grow slower after huge profit increase
e American Horror Story Season 4: Michael Chiklis Joins Cast Of 'Freak Show  ...
e Beverly Hills News - City Staff Surprises the Community With Wine Store, Not  ...
m Kids Better-Behaved Than Parents Were
t Tonight's Light Show
e First official images of Dwayne Johnson as Hercules
e Divergent Fails To Impress Critics - Good Acting, Bad Action [Video + Pictures]
e Call to action: What do you think about the pressures of being a working mom?
e Everything We Want From a Sequel to 'The Incredibles'
m Drinkable Sunscreen Will 'Vibrate on Your Skin'
b Passenger planes seconds away from disaster in terrifying landing
b Gold holds near 4-week low ahead of Yellen testimony
t YouTube using video games to promote new 60fps support
t Ubuntu chases after Red Hat with OpenStack and Docker bundles
e Jared Leto, Leonardo DiCaprio, Fergie and Many More Get Their Coachella  ...
b China trade volumes creep up in April
b Ukraine loses at least $80 billion since Russia takes Crimea
b Quick Note: Netflix to Raise Streaming Prices Later This Year for New Customers
e Star Apps: 'Transformers: Age of Extinction'
t Safety agency probes older Ram pickups
t Google buys free music streaming app Songza for rumoured $39 MILLION
e Chris Pine to appear in Ashburton court
m Successful surgery after wrong cancer diagnosis
t Tibetans inherited high-altitude gene from extinct human ancestor: study
t Netflix spat with Verizon gets amusing
e 4/14 WWE Raw Pre-Show notes: Live coverage of the live WWE Network  ...
e Katie Hopkins is slammed after failing to acknowledge Peaches Geldof's death
e Miley Cyrus Still Hospitalized, Tells Haters To “Shut The F*ck Up!”
m Could You Be A Friend To Someone With Dementia?
b Will The Box IPO Disrupt These 3 Cloud Stocks With Encouraging Sales Trends?
e Prince George is a 'very dear boy' says aunt Pippa Middleton
e Final 'Bachelor' Rochester Appliance Ad Released Ahead of Finale (Video)
t Samsung, LG launch smartwatches
e Aereo Slammed One Last Time By Broadcasters Before SCOTUS …
e A (Phony) Gay Adoption Story is Coming to 'Two and a Half Men'
t Tesla Motors Patents: CEO Elon Musk Makes Technology Open Source, Hopes  ...
m Kids not the only ones guilty of too much screen time
b Reserves to cross $14b by end-June
b Starbucks' new iPhone app could fatten baristas' wallets
e Kim Kardashian Is Using WHAT Crazy Technique to Lose Weight Before The  ...
e Geek Girl Report: #BadBusiness - US Airways And Other Big Business Social  ...
e Bob Dylan's handwritten lyrics for 'Like a Rolling Stone' sells for over $2 million
m Healthy Lifestyle May Buffer Against Stress-Related Cell Aging
e The Things They Say:
e Walter Dean Myers, children's author, dies at age 76
e Beyonce posts family photo with submissive female sculpture fueling Jay Z  ...
b Warren Buffett: Kids Should Follow These Money Tips
t Irreversible damage seen from climate change — UN
e Lucas Museum is A New Hope For Chicago's Lakefront
b The World's Largest Shopping Mall Is Opening In Dubai
t Google Buys Titan Aerospace, The Drone Company Facebook Had Its Eye On
e Superstars Win Top Honors at This Year's Ultimate Kid Experience  ...
e The Walking Dead RECAP 3/30/14: Season 4 Finale “A”
b Dollar strength pushes gold price lower
t The Oldest Human Poop Tells Us Neanderthals Ate Plants
b Fed will keep normalization of economic policy on track
b Simmons: Default cost would exceed 38 Studios debt - ABC6 - Providence, RI  ...
m Man Suffers Brain Injury after Headbanging at Motorhead Concert
t James Poulos: Free-market Tesla shames its crony California suitors
e 'Sharknado' 2: Sequel has bite and lots of laughs
m Regarding Afrezza, FDA Statement:
t Space lander Philae wakes from deep sleep
e Paul Walker's brother Cody on continuing late actor's legacy
t Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 4 – Specs, Battery, Camera  ...
e Godzilla: Mudd Reviews
e Hillary Clinton, Oprah and More Bid Barbara Walters Farewell on The View
t Apple's Earth Day ad asks Samsung and others to copy its green ways
e Disney Confirms 'Incredibles' and 'Cars' Sequels
t Apple: Samsung knew iPhone would be big seller and didn't have product that  ...
e Mariah Carey Fan Spends $1200 To Get New Album
b Stocks fall in afternoon trading; oil surges
b AstraZeneca's chief Pascal Soriot starts the fightback
m Prostate Cancer Tests Are Insufficient To Determine The Severity!
m Take skin cancer seriously
b Google Shopping Express For Android
e Why Sadie doesn't want her little brother to grow up
t Windows 8.1 update is rolling out now
t Apple close to making Dre 'first billionaire in hip-hop' with Beats deal: report
t Internet Around The Globe By 2025, But At What Cost?
e Watch: Elle Fanning Discovers the Truth About 'Maleficent' in New Clip
e Julia Louis-Dreyfus Has a Thing for Clowns
t LG G3 Release Date Could Be May (Rumor)
t Oculus Rift experiment lets users experience lag in real life
m Kids celebrate Onesie Wednesday
t Windows XP Support Ended
t ?Enveloped in dirty air?, most cities fail to meet UN agency?s new pollution  ...
t Fed sue T-Mobile over billing scam
b A life in energy: what do you do?
t How Facebook's Advertising Changes Give PR And Marketing A Competitive Edge
e Man stranded in Vegas airport creates "All By Myself" video
e Let's blow this thing and go home: Your favorite Star Wars games are no longer  ...
t Rumour: Windows 9 Preview Release Set for "2015 Q2-Q3"
m Bionic Pancreas Keeps Blood Sugar in Check for Adults and Adolescents with  ...
b American Express charging higher, BioCryst busting out, Hillshire searing hot
e The 'Horrible Bosses 2' Trailer Is Better Than You'd Expect
e Christians in Holy Land re-enact crucifixion of Christ on Good Friday
e US concerns over Brunei sharia penalties
e Why Shakira Recorded Eight Versions of Blake Shelton Country Duet
t Google's Future Continues to Depend on Mobile Ads
t Obama administration approves seismic testing for oil and gas off Atlantic coast
b How Will Obamacare Affect Health Care Prices?
m Hummus Recalled Due to Possible Listeria Contamination
b Strong PC demand unexpectedly boosts Intel's Q2 forecast
t PM/AM: An Open-Source Tesla
t Xbox One Releases in 26 More Countries by September, Including Japan
t High-tech finger ring can read to the visually impaired in real time
b Plane spots objects in new Malaysia jet search area
e How Russia and Ukraine's conflict is bringing dissonance to Eurovision
b Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Suppliers List: Who Makes A Model S Sedan?
b Brent Slips Near $108 As Mideast Tension Cools On Gaza Lull
e Legal battle with energy drinks giants of the Beastie Boys
t HTC One M8 Price, Availability, and Colors
e The Ape-Human War Begins In New Dawn Of The Planet Of The Apes Trailer
t HTC One (M8) affordable plastic variant reportedly in the works
m Nine-Year-Old Dies from Rare Brain-Eating Amoeba
m Sarepta to File New Muscular Dystrophy Drug for FDA Approval
e Kim Kardashian Shares Vacation Pictures From Mexico on Second Honeymoon  ...
b Crude & Brent Oil Fundamental Analysis July 3, 2014 Forecast
m Autism Rates in Children Increased 30 Percent Since 2012: 1 in 68 Kids
e 'Guardians Of The Galaxy': Watch Vin Diesel Say 'I Am Groot' In — How Many  ...
e Did Twilight Star Nikki Reed Leave Husband Paul McDonald Over 'Money And  ...
e Game Of Thrones: Behind The Scenes Of The Trial Of Tyrion Lannister
e Canadian author, environmentalist Mowat dies at 92 -reports
b Emirates to buy 150 Boeing jets worth $56b
m Japan allows some evacuees back to nuke no-go zone
m Study backs non surgical way to fix heart valves - WSFA.com: News Weather  ...
b Trustees: Social Security, Medicare face long-term financial problems despite  ...
b Official: Malaysian plane shot down over Ukraine
m World Ebola fears grow with Europe and Asia on alert (video)
t Elon Musk to allow rivals to use Tesla motor electric car patents
m Suspected Ebola case 'tentatively negative'
b You can finally have Taco Bell for every meal
t BlackBerry Z3 low-cost touchscreen phone launched in Jakarta
b Stock Update (NYSE:AIG): BofA pays AIG $650 million to settle mortgage disputes
e Adam Jacobs in Disney's "Aladdin"
e The Bachelorette Stars Ranked By Relationship Length: Where Will Andi and  ...
e Album of unheard Michael Jackson songs to be released
b Adobe Systems (ADBE) Announces Creative Cloud Photography; Will Run  ...
b General Mills Backpedals on Consumer Lawsuits
e LaToya Jackson commemorates Michael Jackson on 5th anniversary of his death
e Kim Kardashian And Kris Jenner Steal The Spotlight At Ciara's Baby Shower  ...
m Air pollution kills millions annually, says WHO
e Man Stabbed At Meek Mill's BET Awards Party
b VERBATIM: ECB Announces Further Details of TLTROs - July 3
m Van Dyken-Rouen still paralyzed a week after severing spinal cord in ATV accident
e Taylor Swift tops list of musical earners in US; where's Bieber?
e Allison Williams Cast as Peter Pan in NBC's Live Production
t What happens when today's kids meet an Apple II
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West: Already Married In Paris?!
b Twitter stock slammed in after-hours trading
e James Franco Might've Laughed Over His "Little B*tch" Comment, But The Critic  ...
e Did Miley ruin cancer patient's special moment?
m House Approves One-Year Doc Fix; Includes Some Positive Provisions for  ...
b US unemployment aid applications drop to 302000
m Man Receives “Bionic Eye”
t Yahoo Just Started Its Own Video Streaming Site! Yahoo Screen Competing  ...
e Beyonce lands cover of Time magazine's 100 most influential issue
e Who Will Be the Next Bachelor: Nick V., Farmer Chris or Grumpy Cat?
e Names+Faces: 'Batman V Superman' gets title, starts filming
t Samsung Lose Apple Patent Case... But Only By 5%
e Macklemore Apologizes for Offensive Outfit, Didn't Mean to Insult Jews
m Chemist Alexander Shulgin, popularizer of the drug Ecstasy, dies at 88
e 'American Idol' bus tour auditions coming to Portland July 9
t Live Camera Peers into the Lives of Rare Arctic Snowy Owls
t Refreshed MacBook Pro Retina Laptops to Launch on Tuesday: Report
b Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Has Jumped To A New High On Separation News
b NEW YORK, NY - US stocks are plunging, putting the market on track for its first  ...
e Beyoncé - Beyonce tops Celebrity 100
t Amazon to launch 'Kindle Unlimited' ebook subscription service for $10 per month
m Tanning Warning
e Los Gatos Commentary: Stores closed on Easter Sunday, so don't forget the  ...
t Facebook: We have "no plans" to redesign Oculus Rift
e Eurovision Song Contest favourites
b GLOBAL MARKETS-Asian shares slump, yen gains as investors await BOJ
t Tweetdeck Got Hacked Today And An Austrian Teenager Has Taken Credit
e Beyonce And Jay-Z Will Perform In Baltimore This July
e St. Landry Parish daily arrest report for June 17, 2014
b RBI leaves repo rate on hold at 8%, as expected
t Using Google Glass to Save Lives
t Microsoft Web Browser Has Security Flaw
e Craig Zadan, Neil Meron Tapped for NBC's THE MUSIC MAN?
m FDA Approves First Motorized Device That Allows Paraplegics to Walk
b Energy Future Board Said to Vote for Bankruptcy With Deal
b Press Release: The Conference Board Consumer Confidence Index(R) Falls  ...
t Former iPhone User Suing Apple Over Unreceived Texts After Switching To  ...
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S (8.4) vs LG G Pad 8.3: What's the difference?
e 'Mad Men' end in sight for Weiner with new season
t Apple iPhone 6 may vanish the Samsung Group Note series
b Oh good, Taco Bell has breakfast now
b More recalls from General Motors
b Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Business, Stock Momentum To Continue
e We're Shayking all over! Irina strips off as she makes her film debut as sultry love  ...
e Katy Perry's portrait in museum collection
t Mt. Gox Hack Claims To Show Real Customer Balances
m Diabetes complications drop dramatically, says CDC
t Beats Rolls Out its First Wireless Earphones
e Contract talks in Met Opera labour dispute extended
e Pharrell Rivals 'Blurred Lines' With Sexy 'Marilyn Monroe' Video
b Toyota to Move US Headquarters to Texas
t Ex-astronauts plan to launch an asteroid-tracking satellite
t NASA spots worrisome West Antarctic ice sheet melt
b Osborn meets with GI supporters
b British Pound (GBP) Exchange Rate Forecast to Make Gains versus Euro, US  ...
b Absence of any threat is a threat in itself
e MTV bringing 'TRL' back for 1 day with Grande
e WATCH Duke porn star 'Belle Knox' supports the Blue Devils in March Madness  ...
t Can Tesla Motors Inc. Solve America's Traffic Congestion Problem?
t Heartbleed fixes taking longer as websites work to plug gaps
e Review: Beyoncé and Jay Z's concert in Cincinnati is portrait of pop power couple
m Doctors use measles to treat Minnesota woman's cancer
b McDonald's CEO Says the Company Pays 'Fair' Wages
t Download Microsoft Office Suite for Apple iPad
e Mindy Kaling is Writing a New Book
b Crucial bridge on I-495 closes, pillars tilting
m Humans may benefit from new insights into polar bear's adaptation to high-fat diet
e Elsa Pataky, Chris Hemsworth's wife, reveals twins' names, shares photo
m Merck Up on Encouraging HCV Data
e Lupita Nyong'o Named 'Most Beautiful' Star Thanks to Her Mom (PHOTO)​
b More on the Scientific Games-Bally Technologies deal
b Amid Flipkart-Myntra acquisition talks, Snapdeal raises $100M at $1 billion  ...
b 'Pings' weren't from missing plane, claim authorities
b Deutsche Bank sees 'tectonic plate shift' in banking
e Top 10 movies and the Weekend box office (06/15/14)
b Newspaper: Best-Seller on Economics Has Bad Math
e Rihanna: I Want "Peace" for Israelis AND Palestinians (PHOTO)
b Risky business? Why you should watch Europe bonds
t New evidence for oceans of water deep in the Earth
b Obama on 'Equal Pay Day' signs 2 executive orders
e Oprah helps Barbara Walters say goodbye
b Yellen Says Yields Unlikely to Rise Without Strong Recovery (1)
t A closer look at Titanfall's campaign mode: Entertaining, yet unfulfilling
e Rolf Harris jailed for five years for indecent assaults
e As I Lay Dying frontman Tim Lambesis gets 6 years for hiring hitman to kill wife
e CS Video: The Cast of Marvel Studios' Guardians of the Galaxy!
t Apple May Take A Historic Decision
b The Dow Rockets Above 17000
t Google's smart contact lens one step closer to reality as licensing deal signed
t Facebook admits communication error
t US 'Net Neutrality' Goes Viral and Venal
b JD.com raises $1.8bn in New York float
e Lionsgate To Produce Live Action 'Power Rangers' Movie
b HP to cut 11000-16000 more jobs
t Brightest Mars in 6 years shines in the sky tonight; watch it live
e Harrison Ford injured on set of Star Wars VII, maybe by Millenium Falcon
b Venture investments jump to $9.5B in 1Q, highest since 2001
e Scout Willis' Topless Protest in NYC -- Scout Frees Her Nipples (and More)
m Liberia: Dead Bodies - Health Ministry Failing to Pick Up Abandoned
t Microsoft to Seal Nokia Deal, Will Nokia Phone be Renamed as Microsoft Mobile?
m Warnings Against Antidepressants For Teens May Have Backfired
b Jet Victims' Families Accuse Malaysia of Cover-Up
t Amazon's Bezos: Fire phone offers 'something different'
b Superfund cleanup in Windham could cost $10M
e Lindsay Lohan Is a 'Prisoner' on OWN Series: 'It's My Last Shot'
b U.S. stocks retreat from record levels
m Boys and Girls Club Highlights "Kick Butts" Day
b ECB's Draghi: Rate cuts and QE possible tools to get inflation back to target
t Netflix's partnership with Comcast produces fastest video-streaming speeds in  ...
t Facebook looks forward and purchases Oculus VR, maker of the Oculus Rift, for  ...
b RBI allows foreign investors to hedge currency risks
e Tripican.com presents Angelina Jolie & Elle Fanning in “Maleficent” | Get Tickets
t Samsung Reportedly Preparing Galaxy Alpha Smartphone to Combat Apple's  ...
b Cocaine-filled condoms sent to Vatican caught by Germany—report
e Dentist trippin' over Grenada-Granada snafu, suing airline
e 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' comparisons to 'Terminator' have it backwards
b Apple buys music star Beats for $3 billion
t Could Amazon make streaming services available for free?
b The uninsured rate keeps falling and falling, survey shows
t Report: Samsung Lied About Tablet Sales
b World Bank trims China, East Asia 2014 growth forecasts | Bangkok Post: business
b China output and retail data adds to slowdown fears
t Business Insider
e Kendall and Kylie Jenner 'Used Selena Gomez'
e Social Media Outcry Forces Retailer Zara To Pull Shirt Reminiscent Of Nazi  ...
e E! Cancels Chelsea Handler's Show
b World stocks mostly decline as investors await Fed
e Harrison Ford's son fears dad will need a plate and screws fixed to his ankle
e WATCH Behind The Scenes Of Kanye West And Kim Kardashian's Vogue Cover  ...
t Apple iOS 7.1 Update intros CarPlay for iPhone, fixes bugs
m 40 percent of SA women overweight – study
e Jessica Chastain Offered Lead Role In True Detective Season 2
e 'Star Wars: Episode 7' Recruits Two New Cast Members
e '22 Jump Street': 9 Easter Eggs And Cameos You Might Have Missed
e Brad Pitt Says Red Carpet Puncher Will Get &quot;Stomped&quot; if He Keeps  ...
e An Easter weekend tradition
t Apple Introduces $1099 iMac: 5 Things To Know About The Low-Cost Desktop
b Asian Stocks Decline for a Second Day on China Slowdown
t Google Shopping Launches Same-Day Delivery In NYC and L.A.--And It's Free  ...
b ECB hails progress made by eurozone banks
b GE finalizes US$17B deal for Alstom's energy unit after France relents, supports  ...
b Protest held to mark first anniversary of Rana Plaza factory disaster
e Tori Spelling - Tori Spelling devastated by Dean's cheating
b New Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella impresses Wall Street, stresses challenges
e Hollywood Reacts to the Death of Elaine Stritch
t Time Warner: SA news network debuting June 2
b Current Mortgage Rates for Wednesday, June 18, 2014
e Potato Salad Tops $50K in Pledges
e Sawyer to exit 'World News'; Muir steps in
e AC/DC Not Breaking Up After All, Despite Member's Illness
e FILM REVIEW: The Amazing Spider-Man 2 starring Andrew Garfield, Emma  ...
m New breast cancer drug 'unaffordable' for NHS
b Indian drug maker Sun to buy Ranbaxy for $4bn
b NTSB urges more battery tests for Boeing 787
e Why Has Charlie Sheen Called Rihanna A Liar?
t Apollo 11 Celebrates Its 45th Anniversary
e Robin Thicke Twitter chat backfires; fans bombard him with jokes, insults
b European Central Bank to publish minutes in bid for transparency
t Get Ready: 'Flappy Bird' to Fly Again
t Honda, Mazda, Nissan issue recall over defective airbags
t Project Morpheus: The PS4 VR headset that could take gamers to Mars
t LG joins Google's efforts to bring Android into cars
e PR Analysis : US Airways tweet mistake worth millions
e Mariah Carey and Nick Cannon Divorce Rumors: Confirmation There Is 'Trouble  ...
t Harley Davidson to produce its first electric motorcycle
t How to Change your eBay Password
t Sony Xperia M2 vs Moto X vs Samsung Galaxy Grand 2: Who has the mid-range  ...
e Joss Whedon Will Let You Watch 'In Your Eyes' For $5
b Presidential Daily Brief for April 29, 2014
t Orbital Sciences Corp. (ORB) Say OCO-2 Satellite Successfully Launched
b Yahoo Publishes Internal Diversity Numbers, Which Are Just As Grim As Google's
e Scientists say fragment about Jesus' wife is not a fake
t Why Sprint (S) Is Gaining Today
b Twitter's Growth Goes International [CHART]
t Microsoft completes acquisition of Nokia's smartphone business
t Google Q1 Earnings Fall Short On Weak Paid Ad Clicks
e 'The Interview' is just latest parody of Kim Jong Un
b REPEAT: UK Inflation Accelerates In April
m UK NICE Rejects Kadcyla, Citing High Cost
t Google Glass Available to the Public For One Day Only on 15 April - Costing  ...
t BRIEF: Deepwater fish photos go viral
b Florida's orange crop forecast decreases
t Harley-Davidson rolls out electric motorcycle
e Jesse Winchester Dies at 69
t General Motors Company (GM) hit with lawsuit over pre-bankruptcy responsibilities
b European Central Bank keeps interest rates on hold, despite signs economy is  ...
e Four new episodes of Sherlock confirmed by BBC
e Neighbors: Comedy takes cute idea and quickly wears it out
t Galaxy S5 Mini launched as lower-specced smartphone
b You Don't Know the Price of Oil, and Neither Does Anyone Else
e Lena Dunham: I may quit acting after 'Girls'
t Apple MacBook Air now available for Rs 65900
m Here's what you need to know about MERS, Middle East Respiratory Syndrome
e The Most Taylor Swift Lines in Taylor Swift's Wall Street Journal Column
e Review: So Fargo, so good as Lester set to get his comeuppance in the series  ...
e George Lucas to build 'Star Wars' museum in Chicago
m On the ropes, Novartis' cardiology team declares a blockbuster PhIII knockout
t Iraq destabilization may increase fuel prices
b OECD urges European Central Bank to act over low inflation
b HP announces more job cuts
t Facebook 'Friends' Some New Security Options
b Canadian Dollar Forecast Improves: It's Back to the Drawing Board for the CAD  ...
t Editorial: Details and dire warnings
b Roundup: Nikkei ends down 0.42 pct tracking losses in Europe, U.S.
b Oracle Buys MICROS Systems
t Microsoft's New Plan to Stop Cybercrime
b Philippine police confirm detention of Chinese fishing boat
t Wearables Revolution Dies Before It Begins [Nike Inc, Apple Inc.]
e More Shailene
b 26 June 2014 Weekly US unemployment claims slip lower by 2000
t How Oculus Rift could look when Facebook's consumer version is ready
m Rare 'mono mono' twins born holding hands in Ohio (video)
e 5 Seconds of Summer Rocks Out on the Red Carpet for the Billboard Music  ...
e Rehab Really Pays Off For Lindsay Lohan! Oprah's Reality Star To Get $1  ...
e Yahoo! Looks to Original Content For Growth
t Nintendo plans to make new consoles for emerging markets
e Burglars hit Miley Cyrus' home again take luxury car and jewelry
e Kiefer Sutherland responds to Freddie Prinze Jr.'s criticism
e Seth Rogen, Judd Apatow hit back after Washington Post columnist blames them  ...
t World calm following Facebook crash
b Insider trading: US court upholds Rajat Gupta's conviction
t Sony Responds to June 2014 NPD Results: PS4 #1 in Next-Gen Hardware  ...
e TV Monday: Drew Carey going strong on Dancing With the Stars (with video)
e Jessica Simpson Marries Fiancè, Former NFL Player Eric Johnson
b ECB's Draghi's Plan May Miss the Target
b HK Shares End Flat Ahead of Conclusion of US Federal Reserve Meeting
e Director Paul Mazursky remembered
t Microsoft Says Windows Laptops At Chromebook Prices Are Coming
b Wells Fargo rises while Dimon has it rough
b Asian stocks subdued on Ukraine caution
e Want to date Lindsay Lohan? Tinder's new verified account will make it easier for  ...
e TV Blog Buzz: Can 'Game of Thrones' top big shocker?
b China, Russia fail to sign $400bn gas supply deal
e Scarlett Johansson calls for Black Widow spin-off movie
t Skylanders Trap Team Gives Players a New Way (And Portal) to Play
t I-team Scam Alert: eBay tells users to change passwords
t Mt. Gox files for US bankruptcy to halt class-action suit
m Study shows health rankings of local counties
t DHS Tells Users to Avoid Internet Explorer Until Security Flaw is Fixed
b Asiana crash: Was auto-throttle a factor?
e Sacre Selfie! The Kardashians ignore the scenery of Paris and take a zillion  ...
e Game of Thrones season four finale sets online piracy record
b Commodities: Gold rises 1.3pc
e POLL: Which video is your favourite Eurovision Song Contest moment?
m Baby Born To Mom In Coma
m Running Adds 3 Years to Lifespan: Study
m One in three cases of Alzheimer's disease worldwide could be prevented  ...
b Wal-Mart gets into $2 billion used video game market
t Jacques Cousteau's Grandson Living Underwater, Not Eager to Surface
t Latest GM recall affects 2.4M vehicles, including 181500 in Canada
t Is Netflix Still Flying High? Earnings Report Today May Keep Its Stock Up
e Maya Rudolph's variety show premieres on NBC
b Merkel on official visit to Athens on Friday
e 'Amazing Spider-Man 2' just adequate, too long
e Taylor Swift Tops Billboard's Top 40 Money Makers 2014: The Music Rich List  ...
t Who Should Buy Google Glass?
e 'Noah' Set To Storm The UK Box Office As Emma Watson and Co Attend London  ...
e 'The Voice': Season 6's winner is revealed
m A Bionic, Mind-Controlled Arm, From the Inventor of the Segway
e There's An App That Let's You Grow Nicki Minaj's Butt
t Exclusivity and price cause Amazon's Fire Phone to trip at the finish line
e Mr. Dynamite explodes on the screen
m Spring Brings 'Pollen Vortex' to Northeast
t PC sales surging
b What would happen if interest rates rise?
b Rescuers close to 3 trapped Honduran miners, 8 still missing
e Zendaya Opens Up after Being Cast as Aaliyah in Lifetime Biopic, Receives  ...
e Kim Kardashian Reveals Baby News
b GM Halts South Africa Carmaking After Wage Talks Collapse
e US Airways apologizes for lewd tweet
t New Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Concept Image Packs 5.75 Inch, QHD Screen  ...
t Google Tips Improvements in Self-Driving Car Software
t MPs back IPCC climate change findings
b Bank of America ordered to pay $1.3B fine in mortgage 'Hustle' case
b Asia shares slip on profit-taking after Wall St losses
e Macy's 4th of July Fireworks 2014 Live Streaming [NBC]: Watch Online from NYC  ...
m Study Ties Breast Cancer Gene To Uterine Cancer Risk
b UK Economy Still Has Spare Capacity To Be Absorbed Before An Interest
t Apple's Retina MacBook Pros get updates with doubled RAM and slightly faster  ...
t Skype to feature real-time language translator in next major update
e Rolf Harris new home is a tiny cell at Wandsworth Jail where celebrities are  ...
e Seinfeld at 25: The show's best quotes
e May 5: A day the whole community can celebrate
t Plants can 'hear' bugs munching their leaves, and prepare defenses
b Premarket: World stocks, oil firms struggle on Iraq anxiety
t New York Times does a new profile on Apple CEO Tim Cook
e Granger on Movies: 'Godzilla'
t Amazon has all guns blazing for the Fire
t The Loch Ness Monster is 'as big as Coca Cola'
e Teenagers accused of theft, sexual predator hunt and pulling dea - WVTM-TV  ...
e 'The Voice': Gwen Stefani To Replace Christina Aguilera?
m Ban on big sodas canned in NY
t Apple suppliers to start making larger iPhones next month
m Saudi Health Minister Sacked as Mers Death Toll Rises
b Fiat Chrysler to drop Dodge minivan in wider revamp
t Amazon to launch 3D phone on June 18
b for consumers: 7 Reasons to Refinance
b ECB's Mario Draghi is a 'model central banker'
b Netflix to land Germany, France, Switzerland, three other European markets this  ...
t Nokia X2 Now Available For €99 (Hands-On Video)
t Voyager map details Neptune's moon Triton
e Spotify hits 10 million paid users worldwide
e SNL Has the Last Word on Solange, Jay Z and Beyoncé Elevator Fight
t Facebook shrugs as 'emotional contagion' research outrages its users
t NSA Reportedly Exploited Heartbleed for 2 Years, but NSA Denies
t Six things Elon Musk wants Tesla investors to know
t Tangible Play Launches Crowdfunding Campaign to Bridge Digital and Physical  ...
t 5 top features of the Amazon Fire Phone
t Google Glass To Add Text Message Support For The iPhone Later This Week
t Government-imposed sanctions result in carriers jumping the gun on Galaxy S5  ...
m 15 years after landmark court ruling, progress to home care for aged, disabled is  ...
m Eight cases of Ebola turn up in Guinea's capital
b Lost in affordable health care at Muncie IN
e Is Lindsay Lohan Insanely Jealous Of Jennifer Lawrence?
e Mptf - Bosses Of The Night Before The Oscars Bash Join Beverly Hills Hotel  ...
b OECD predicts moderate growth, unemployment to drop only slowly
e UFW's Gilbert Padilla recalls battles, boycotts of Cesar Chavez era
e L'Wren Scott gave 'final video interview' alongside Mick Jagger at her fashion  ...
t Genius Injury
t 'Robust selection' of apps will be key to enterprise adoption of smart wearables  ...
e Will Michael Strahan Join Good Morning America?
t Hackers break into Mt. Gox's servers, claim the company still has customers  ...
b Whisper Number: How Will Walgreen Investors React to Earnings?
b Forex rigging 'as serious as' Libor scandal
e 'Hercules' Trailer: The Rock Becomes The Beast Master
m Are Apple's iPads Causing Nickel Allergies in Children?
t 20 million units sold is enough to make Apple TV more than just a hobby, CEO  ...
b Candy Crush maker 'set for $7.6 billion valuation'
m Town marks World Autism Day
b Twitter to reach 400m global users
e Popsmacked: The fading movie fortunes of Mad Men's Jon Hamm
e Community Rebounds With New Episodes on Yahoo
m 1 In Every 25 Hospital Patients Gets an Infection During Their Stay
t Apple Holds Its Lead Over Samsung in U.S. OEM Market Share
b Deadline Day: Many Scrambling To File Last-Minute Tax Returns
t Google+ creator Vic Gundotra quits after eight years nurturing network
b Asian shares, dollar cheer Wall Street record
t Google poised to build weird pod-like self-driving car
t The History Of Wearable Technology
t Microsoft admits spying on Russian blogger's Hotmail account
e Edge of Tomorrow: Christophe Beck on Over-Scoring, Frozen and Buffy
b Ferrari may be worth $15 billion, but it's not for sale
t Best Map Of Neptune's Satellite Triton Unveiled by NASA
b Iraqi Oil Sailing in Circles
b US Stock-Index Futures Advance Before Federal Reserve Minutes
b British currency jumps after hint of interest rate hike
e Benedict Cumberbatch and Adam Scott join Johnny Depp in Scott Cooper's  ...
t Netflix Boosts Prices For New Subscribers
e Column: Late night TV should look to diversity
e Ellen DeGeneres, Portia de Rossi News: Couple Sells Los Angeles House To  ...
e Northstar rapper Andre Johnson cuts penis in suicide attempt
t Microsoft's action upon FBI user info request
t Airbag fault could spark massive recall
t Haters gonna hate, but Twitter will now make it easier to ignore them.
e Guy Stuck Overnight In An Airport Makes Awesome “All By Myself” Music Video  ...
e Kim Kardashian's aunt: 'Kim's taken inspiration from the royal wedding!'
b Posted by Imaduddin
m No Benefit Found in First Real Test of Renal Denervation
b Unemployment Requests Fall To Lowest Level In 6 Years
t [New Game] Watch Dogs Pits Console And Mobile Gamers Against Each Other  ...
b McDonald's Strikes Back in Breakfast War with Free Coffee
t Bungie talks character development and world exploration in Destiny
b Gas prices may be close to 2014 peak
t Cisco's cloud strategy: Be the glue between businesses
b Medtronic to flee US tax rate with Covidien takeover
m Justina Pelletier is Reunited with her Family after 16 Months
t With tighter focus on game software, E3 sorts out winners and losers | The  ...
t Apple makes final pitch to US jury in Samsung trial
t Ford recalling 435000 cars and SUVs
e The People vs. George Lucas: Episode II To Hit In 2015
b Geithner memoir: He made repeated offers to resign from administration
e OMG: Gwen Stefani Is Joining 'The Voice' And Releasing a New Solo Album!
e Tracy Morgan Accident Driver in Fatal Crash Pleads Not Guilty
m Embryonic cloning hope for Diabetes treatment
m Iran records its first 2 cases of potentially fatal respiratory virus
e '24: Live Another Day' recap, episode 3
t GM Hasn't Recalled All Defective Cobalts, Lawsuits Allege
t Microsoft Skype calls to get automated language translation; beta due this year
e Pharrell, Ne-Yo, Usher, Lil Wayne, & Chris Brown Go Cap Crazy At The BET  ...
b Chinese, Russian naval forces gather for drill
e Tributes flood in for British screen legend Lord Richard Attenborough, who has  ...
e Game of Thrones: Did Lady Stoneheart Appear?
b Apple is in talks to buy Beats, report says
b Malaysia Airlines mulling name change to boost reputation
b Crumbs sees stock rise over 1300% on rescue rumor
m Most Long Island beaches reopened after bacteria threat
e Spotted: Lindsay Lohan house hunting in the West Village
e Charges Against Paul Simon, Wife Dropped
b Twitter (NYSE:TWTR) Posts Zero Earnings, Shares Hammered
e Young Jeezy Arrested After Fatal Rap Concert Shooting
e Drake Overcome By Illness, Cancels Wireless Music Festival Performances
b UK inflation big rise in June
e 'Harry' jilted at the altar as I Wanna Marry Harry fails
t Apple patent's 'lock-out' system to curb texting-while-driving ahead of CarPlay  ...
t SpaceX Falcon Rocket Landed Intact
t Facebook experiment on users: An ethical breach or business as usual?
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West wedding: What you didn't know about Kimye
b Alibaba to buy SingPost stake for $249 million to boost e-commerce logistics
t Total Lunar Eclipse 2014: Where to Watch Blood Moon Online
m Kansas City group fights mental illness stigma
e Emma Stone's Amazing Lip Sync Battle with Jimmy Fallon
e Kim Kardashian Shares Photo Of Kanye West & Baby North On Father's Day
m Psychiatric tests show Pistorius mentally 'capable of appreciating the  ...
t Hope to Commercialise 'Smart Lens' Within 5 Years: Novartis
b US companies add 281000 jobs in June
b State considers emergency water regulations
e 'Oculus' is a creepy instant classic
t Toyota admits hiding safety defects; penalised $1.2 bn
e Get on out to see 'Get on Up'
e Thor has been an alien space horse and a frog – is a woman really more  ...
e Orlando Bloom is reportedly dating Selena Gomez
m Ebola outbreak: Concerns disease could have spread to Ghana as US citizen  ...
e Film Trailer: The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1
t World court ruling reaffirms protection of Southern Ocean whales
t Canada joins global crackdown on BlackShades malware
t Global warming worsens security woes: UN report
e Kourtney Kardashian has hands full with Mason, Penelope at airport
m Study findings show nintedanib* slows progression of Idiopathic Pulmonary  ...
t VMware, others team with The Linux Foundation to form new initiative and  ...
t World's Oldest Poop Shows Neanderthals Ate Veggies
t Montana gas update
t Hyundai recalls 140000 SUVs over airbag issue
m Dr. Oz gets scolded by senators over weight loss scams
t Earth-like 'habitable' planet found: Nasa
b Amazon Fire Phone
e 'Walking Dead' finale; 'Good Wife' anger; Piers Morgan farewell
b Toxic Debt Condemned in Crisis Heralded as Europe's Savior
e 'Godzilla' earned $95 Million at Box Office
e Craig Zadan and Neil Meron Back On as Oscar Producers
b Germany: IFO – Business Climate down to 110.4 in May, below expectations
e 'Game Of Thrones' Season Four: 13 Notable Changes From The Books
b Dollar Edges Up Against Euro
e Jessica Simpson Weds Former NFL Player Eric Johnson In Southern California  ...
b China's Demand to Buy Gold at Issue as Trade Deficit Shocks Analysts  ...
t Apple Inc expands buybacks by $30 bn, OKs 7-for-1 stock split
e Is Miley Cyrus a Feminist?
b AT&T Edges Above Q1 Earnings Expectations And Raises Outlook As It  ...
e Film review: The latest from Marvel Comics is the best yet
e 'Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1' teaser trailer No. 2: President Snow delivers  ...
e MTV VMAs 2014: Miley Cyrus lets homeless teen accept Video of The Year award
e Meet the Cast of Colorful Characters in 'Penny Dreadful'
e Rap Genius Co-Founder Mahbod Moghadam Resigns Following Elliot Rodger  ...
b Malaysian airliner carrying 295 crashes in Ukraine
b Vietnam Prime Minister Calls For End To Anti-China Protests
t Confirmed, iWatch and new AppleTV will not be revealed at this years WWDC
e Drew Barrymore welcomes second baby girl with husband Will Kopelman and  ...
b US mortgage giants report lower profits in first quarter
b Pound Strengthens to Four-Year High After Yellen; Gilts Decline
b AWEA pushes wind to meet EPA carbon pollution regs
b Average rate hike for Covered California next year: 4.2%
e The one that got away! George Clooney's ex Stacy Keibler secretly marries  ...
t Nokia X2 India Launch: Watch Live Streaming Here
e 'Amazing Spider-Man 2' Game Trailer Confirms Carnage [Video]
m Old smallpox vials found in cardboard box at US lab
b Bitcoin is Here to Stay
b 'Patriots must run Hong Kong': State newspapers hit back at July 1 demonstrators
m Girl Shaves Her Head To Support Friend With Cancer, Gets Suspended For  ...
t Greasing Skids for the Comcast Deal
b BMW announces the new X7 SUV
b Avoid a personal tax audit by addressing potential red flags
e Robin Thicke Hasn't Seen Paula Patton in Four Months! (VIDEO)
t Screwing with your emotions is Facebook's entire business
b How Do U.S. Teens Fare in Financial Know-how? Meh.
m Muscular dystrophy first ever drug wins approval from EU
b Chrysler March U.S. sales up 13 percent; GM delays statement
e Paltrow and Coldplay's Chris Martin separate
t Austin MotoGP, COTA - Free Practice (1) Results
m Two-thirds of Americans have HPV: study
e Thousands celebrate Easter Sunday
t InFamous: Second Son and the superpowers we'd like to see in gaming
t Google Android 'L': 10 things you need to know
b Obamacare, The Sequel: NY Website Crashing On Last Day Of Enrollment
e Kendall & Kylie Jenner Dare To Bare, Risking A MAJOR Wardrobe Malfunction  ...
e GALLERY: Stars bid farewell to Peaches Geldof
t Google Glass gets better: More RAM, new features, new apps
b Tunisian economy to strengthen: IMF
t GM recalling Camaros from 2010 to 2014 for ignition switch problem
t MS Relents on Win8.1 Update Application Timing
m National Prescription Drug Take-Back Event
b Target faces identity crisis with competition, first decline in 5 years
b Last cupcake from US Crumbs chain auctioned on eBay
m 3-D Printing Saves Baby's Life
e MTV announces The Ride with Macklemore & Ryan Lewis - BTS exclusives!
t FCC Taps Ex-Hunton Atty For AT&T-DirecTV Deal Review
t New Details Emerge in GM Cobalt Recall
b Fiat shareholders vote in favor of Chrysler merger
t FTC Says T-Mobile Was Illegally Cramming
t UN: Warming worsens security woes
m Health Officials Confirm West Nile Virus Found in Michigan
m Researchers Grow Artificial Body Parts in the Lab
e Charlie Sheen gets unhinged on Twitter @Rihanna
b GM offering $500 rebates on new cars to replace recalled models
t Percentage of PCs running Windows 8 fell in June
t Bing Opens Its Right To Be Forgotten Form
b Houston Ship Channel finally reopens after weekend oil spill, but investigations  ...
e Beyoncé and Jay Z jet out of The Hamptons after snubbing Kim Kardashian and  ...
t Watch Dogs release date early for some
m Dean Kamen's incredible robot arm is good to go
t Spring equinox: Google welcomes first day of spring with an animated Doodle
e Ashton Kutcher and Mila Kunis' baby will be at their wedding
b Intel's Q1 net profit falls but beats expectations
b The hair-raising moment 2 planes almost collide
b Posted by Imaduddin
t Google Fails to Get Exemption from Federal Wiretap Act
e Star Wars: End of an Era As Dark Horse Releases Its Final New Comics in August
b GM recall includes Wentzville-made vans
b Why Amgen (AMGN) Stock Is Up in After-Hours Trading Today
e It's Official: Whitney Houston Biopic To Premiere On Lifetime
t USA. Garmin® Launches víago™, A Feature-Packed Navigation App starting at  ...
e How I Met Your Mother series finale: More twists than a (blue) French horn
e Miley Cyrus: I "Can't Quit Crying" In Hospital
b Forex: Euro at Risk Before PMI Data, Pound May Overlook GDP Revision
t FTC files lawsuit against T-Mobile alleging hundreds of millions in bogus charges
b Target CEO Quits Over Breach
b Michaels Companies Inc (MIK) IPO Performance Explored By Seema Mody
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Prime Release Date: Device Rumored To Arrive In June  ...
e 'Star Wars' creator George Lucas' museum heading to Chicago (Report)
t Amazon Acquires Twitch.TV for $970 Million
m Speedy, short runs provide benefits to health: US study
b Argentina's Fernandez promises restructured debt payout, not to bow to extortion
m Africa in the News: Senate Hears Testimony on Power Africa; Guinea Confirms  ...
e Investigators: Speed up to 94 mph, not mechanical problems, caused actor  ...
t Following the Japan Filing, Now Mt. Gox Files For Bankruptcy Protection in the US
b Alstom embraces GE offer
t Faceook adds improvements in an attempt to nix 'click-baiting'
b BP Says Oil Spill In Lake Michigan Has Been Contained
e Ariana Grande Excitedly Unveils New Album Title
b Vietnam's industry rises despite higher transport costs
t No escape from rising tides due to climate changes
b Apple close to buying Beats for $3.2 bn
b Euro steadier but still in the doldrums on ECB threat
e BLOGS OF THE DAY: Robin Williams to return as 'Mrs Doubtfire'
t Conan goes on a crime spree in Watch Dogs
m Denmark and US sperm banks are major UK suppliers
b Europe in for a hectic day with Eurozone PMIs, unemployment data in focus
e Rush Limbaugh SLAMS Stephen Colbert as Late Show Replacement: This is War!
b Time For Fireworks: Dow Tops 17000!
b Bank of Japan keeps monetary policy unchanged
b US Equities Pare Loses on Weak Jobs Report
e Doctors unable to reattach rapper's penis after suicide attempt
t July's Xbox One Update Features Snap Achievements and More
t Combining OS X Yosemite and iOS 8: First Look [PICTURES]
b Germany's RWE first EU company to deliver gas to Ukraine 15.04.2014
e Aereo, and the fate of US television
e Toddler Pees in Seat After JetBlue Refuses to Let Her Use Bathroom
e The Jem and the Holograms movie has confirmed its cast.
m West Africa: New Surge of Ebola Cases in West Africa - European Union  ...
e Jimmy Kimmel Investigates the Mating Habits of Cosplayers
b US stock market heads for a solid weekly gain
e Actor Zac Efron Reportedly Punched In Face By Homeless Man On Skid Row
m e-cigarettes kill smoking habit
e Kim & Kanye Secret Wedding Plans
e Spider-Man 2 leaps to the top of the North American box office
b Tesla's US sales may be cooling off
b Yellen Could Get Quizzed This Week on Legislation Aimed at the Fed
t LG G Watch will be water-resistant with always on display
b How Alibaba's Mega IPO Stacks Up Against the Biggest Ever
e Eva Mendes and Ryan Gosling Pregnancy News: Is the Couple Expecting a Baby?
b PG&E Faces $1B Indictment In Pipeline Blast Case
e Taylor Swift Forced to Cancel Upcoming Show in Thailand
b BlackBerry posts smaller-than-expected loss
t Survive with your smartphone: Best apps for camping and trekking
b Twitter Trades Higher On Report's Indication Of Coming Asian Growth
t Apple Share price: Company unveils health and smart home apps at WWDC
b Pending Home See Biggest Increase Since April 2010
e Breaking Couple News: Sofia Vergara is Dating Joe Manganiello
e Lindsay Lohan Sues Rockstar Over Jonas Character Impression in GTA V
t Google cuts some European media search links, prompting censorship fears
e Variety of Holy Week observances available
b Ackman, Valeant partner in bid to buy Botox maker Allergan
e 'Mad Men' Premiere Recap: Out in the Cold
t Three Refreshed 15-Inch Retina MacBook Pro Models Likely as iPhone 6  ...
b Stocks Fall on Fine Print from Yellen
e Beyonce, LeBron James Named Most Powerful Celebrities
t NASA successfully tests LDSD Mars flying saucer [Video]
e 'Dom Hemingway': Jude Law Takes A Gritty Role In A Low-Budget Meathead Of  ...
b GameStop Q1 Gives Investors 'All Clear' Sign GME MSFT SNE
b Burger King in $11.4B deal for Tim Hortons
e Lindsay Lohan Sues 'Grand Theft Auto V' Maker
t Box acquires storage startup for streaming technology
e The Radical Easter Proclamation
b Orbitz loses out on key relationship with American Airlines
m Portland Issues Boil Water Order Because of Bacteria
e Susan Granger's review of 'Godzilla'
b Cement giants Lafarge and Holcim negotiate mega-merger
b Fairfax CEO Watsa Probed by Regulator in Trading Review
t Local gas prices fall 3 cents a gallon, AAA says
t Driverless Cars 1 (4-28)
b How the Dow Jones industrial average did Friday
e 5-year-old girl doesn't want her little brother to grow up
b GE Profit Tops Estimates as Industrial Margins Expand
e Mila Kunis Is Pregnant With Fiance Ashton Kutcher's Child, Possibly Expecting  ...
t TweetDeck hit by security flaw as code tweet gets thousands of retweets
e REVIEW: 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier'
m New method of wirelessly powering implanted medical devices created
t EBay asks users to change their passwords after cyber-attack
t Alaska Arctic Policy Commission Listens to Community Input
t eBay hackers access 145 million records but PayPal isn't exposed
t Five bizarre things heading to the space station Monday
b BTC/USD: MtGox finds quarter of missing bitcoins in old wallet
e Fans React To Jason Aldean Leaving Wife For Brittany Kerr After Cheating  ...
b Family Dollar to close 370 locations, cut workforce
t Preorders open, but most Surface Pro 3 models won't ship until almost September
e A Guy On Kickstarter Has Raised Over $9000 To Make Potato Salad Alone In  ...
e North Korea take on new US movie: 'Act of war'
b McDonald's sees sales, customer counts slip as competition intensifies
b Global recovery to speed up in 2015: IMF
m First MERS case detected in Lebanon
b Credit Suisse Chief Executive Urged To Resign : Report
m News Scan for Apr 10, 2014
e Henry County Church Bulletin
b Hewlett-Packard to cut 11000 to 16000 jobs in reorganization
t The International Space Station Is Getting an Espresso Machine
t Google's New Feature Lets You Time Travel Into the Past
e Playoff Continue on "The Voice"
m Second-line use, crowded market won't keep Takeda's Entyvio from blockbuster  ...
m Health Officials Scramble to Contain Guinea Ebola Outbreak
e Full Trailer For Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Reveals The Shredder, Plus  ...
b Senate Democrats seek to split GOP on export bank
e Daigon Alley: New Harry Potter Attraction At Universal Studios Florida To Open  ...
e 'Dawn of the Planet of the Apes' gets strong early buzz
e Review: Amazon's Fire TV sets a new bar for streaming boxes
e Shailene Woodley Has A Better Career Than Jennifer Lawrence
t GM Hires Lehman Brothers Investigator to Run Recall Probe
e Andrew Garfield & Emma Stone Hit Beijing For 'Spider-Man 2' Photo Call!
m More Global Disability for Low Back Pain Than Other Ailments
t Video: Student develops vein biometrics system allowing payment by hand
e Stephen Colbert Responds To #CancelColbert
b Biparticsan blueprint for housing reform proposed
b Esther George Says Fed Should Allow Asset 'Runoff' Before Raising Rate
e BLOGS OF THE DAY: Jessica and Eric finally tie the knot
e Louis Zamperini, Olympian, war hero, survived 47 days at sea, three years in  ...
b Facebook Reports First-Quarter Earnings
b Tesla Motors Inc. Beats Estimates and Abruptly Plunges 10%; What Are  ...
b Jobless claims fall 3000 to 302000
t Flickr for Android 3.0 update brings new look, improved editing and more
e Nick Grimshaw, Alexa Chung and Kate Moss among those paying tribute at  ...
b Buffett Phase Two Means Seeking Deals More Enduring Than Stocks
b SAC to pay record $1.8B in insider trading case
e Dr. Maya Angelou has died at age 86.
b China's growth slows to 24-year low of 7.4 percent
m People urged to stop washing chicken
e Unidentified man dragged away after crashing Cannes red carpet, hiding under  ...
t With Its Fire Phone Demo, Amazon Revealed It Still Doesn't Understand Gaming
e Christie Brinkley And Kim Kardashian Pose For Selfies
t Apple drops MacBook Air price by $50, adds slightly faster CPU
t Prices Trending Down at Gas Pumps
t Ex-Gov. Ryan regrets last Illinois execution
t Xbox One vs PS4 price war benefits the users
e Adorable Girl Cries Over Her Baby Brother Growing Up
m 7 a day leads to a longer life: tips for increasing fruit and veg intake
e Zendaya Will Play Aaliyah in New Lifetime Biopic
m What is 'Mono Mono' Twin Pregnancy?
m Aspirin halves colon cancer risk - if you have certain gene: study
m Misdiagnoses common among US outpatients
t Samsung Expects Galaxy S5 to Easily Outsell S4
m The Lancet: Changing where a baby is held immediately after birth could lead to  ...
b Fewest Firings Since 2007 Mark U.S. Job-Market Gains
e Rolf Harris' indecent assault trial laid bare fractured relationship with daughter  ...
t Feline facial recognition feeder paves way for quantified cats
b You may soon get $500 fine for water waste
t 20 mn Apple TV units sold since launch
e Bears' John C. Reilly embraces his debut as a narrator (with video)
e Get Blown Away by the Latest Dawn of the Planet of the Apes TV Spot
e Life & Style Magazine: Beyonce Destroyed By Jay-Z's Cheating
e Actor Eli Wallach Dies at 98, But His Legacy Remains
b Dollar restrained near four-month lows ahead of Yellen's debut
e Garth Brooks Tells Fans The Wait Is Over 7/7
e Barack Obama Jokes To Ellen DeGeneres: 'Oscars Selfie Was A Cheap Stunt  ...
t Olympus has fallen: Microsoft and the FBI take down Zeus botnet
b JCPenney's (JCP) Q1 Results are Credit-Positive Development - Moody's
t HTC One M8 Google Play Edition to be US exclusive
b Current Mortgage Interest Rates at US Bank Corp on April 18, 2014
t Google Nexus 5 vs Samsung Galaxy S4: Specs Compared
m UPDATE 1-Ebola deaths surge in Sierra Leone and Liberia - WHO
b Two Teens Drown During Fourth of July Weekend
b Twitter COO quits, signalling management shake-up
b Air China shares drop after 32pc fall in 2013 net profit
t U.S. to require rear-visibility technology in cars
e Stars out in force for MTV Movie Awards
e Who is Bindi Harris? Doting Daughter of Disgraced Entertainer who Abused her  ...
e Netflix Has Cast Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin In What Will Clearly Be The  ...
m Mental Illness Can Shorten Life Span as Much as Smoking
m High school gears up for cancer fundraiser
b Washington residents rail against oil shipments
e Bachelorette 2014 Sneak Peek: Watch Nick Viall Come Under Fire in Episode 5
e Guardians of the Galaxy Trailer 2: closer to truth
t Microsoft offers Windows Phone OS free to Indian smartphone companies?
m Singing for the marathon
t Microsoft Office: Word Tops iPad App Chart
e Mixed feelings for Gabriel Garcia Marquez in hometown
e Zac Efron Will Accept Award Shirtless, Should Probably Never Wear A Shirt Again
b US Stocks Cautiously Await ECB Meeting on Thursday
e Neighbours to hit cinemas soon
b FireEye acquires another Virginia cybersecurity company
b Chicago train operator dozed off before O'Hare accident
b Tech stocks slide again; Nasdaq falls for third week
e Where To Find Irish Whiskeys In Honolulu Bars
e Khloé Kardashian furious with her friend Adrienne Bailon
t Diane von Furstenberg to Design Google Glasses for Women
m Steroid Shots Have Little Benefit and A Bit Harm in Back Pain, Says Study
t Apple Inc. (AAPL)'s $450M E-Books Settlement
t YouTube hawks new tools for content creators, including built-in crowdfunding
m Do 60 percent of women use 'birth control' for something other than family  ...
e Coachella 2014: Set times for weekend two reveals OutKast bumped earlier  ...
e Jack White to release second solo album, Lazaretto, in June
b FTC Says Data Brokers Need More Transparency On Their Billions Of Collected  ...
t Wyoming Gas Price Update
b Hong Kong stocks close 0.30% lower
t Microsoft unveils Nokia X2 for €99
m Holbrook official warns about mosquito borne virus
b FOREX-Dollar recoups steep losses vs yen; focus on Fed minutes
t Google to unveil new television set-top box today: WSJ
e JetBlue apologizes for not allowing child to use bathroom
t Video: Cadillac ATS-V Caught Testing and Getting Some Air on the Nurburgring
b Obama administration will allow more time to enroll in federal health marketplace
t Goodbye, FuelBand: Nike reportedly fired dozens of its wearables experts
t Cracks in Pluto's Moon Suggest Underground Ocean
e Justin Bieber 'feels harassed'
e Miley Cyrus, O2 Arena - music review
b WWE Rumors: Who Will Win Money in the Bank Ladder Match at Sunday's Pay  ...
t Sony Corp (ADR) Partners With a Shanghai Firm To Offer PlayStation In China
t NASA-UCI Study Indicates Loss of West Antarctic Glaciers Appears Unstoppable
b Thomas Piketty: Attack On My Work Is 'Just Ridiculous'
e Jimmy Fallon And Billy Joel Used An iPad App To Create A Two-Man Doo-Wop  ...
e Big Tech CEOs Who Took The ALS Ice Bucket Challenge
e Stephen Colbert to replace David Letterman on The Late Show
e Will Smith Circling Ridley Scott's Football Concussion Drama
e Associated Press alleges Rock And Roll Hall of Fame must alter title
b NEWS ANALYSIS: UK labs play shrinking role in AstraZeneca
t GM to move Cadillac SRX production from Mexico to US
b Yukos Case: Hague Court Ordered Russia to Pay $ 50 Billion to Former  ...
e Jimmy Fallon Celebrates Father's Day With Another Evolution Of Dad Dancing  ...
e Cuba home woes endure despite real estate reform
t Apple releases more affordable iMac
m Ebola Virus Outbreak In West Africa Expected To Last 2 To 4 More Months, WHO  ...
t MediaTek announces MT6795 64-bit octa-core processor with 2K display support
e The female Thor sits down with human resources
b Credit Suisse pleads guilty in $2.6B settlement
b Stocks finish lower; Levi Strauss unveils cost-cutting plan; Dish Network, DirecTV  ...
b Google, Costco and Facebook offer best pay and benefits among US firms
b Pony up, frackers: Texas family wins $3 million in contamination lawsuit
e The Hunger Games: Revolution Is Coming In First "Mockingjay" Teaser
e Funny news beats boring - study
e 'Veronica Mars' Movie Review: Kristen Bell Still Has It
e As wedding to Kim Kardashian nears, paranoid Kanye West annoys guests
m Birth defect data shows rare condition again above national rates in 2013
e Diane Sawyer signs off as ABC's 'World News' anchor, is moving to a reporting  ...
b Honduras enters third day of search for 8 trapped miners; 3 others known alive
m One in three dementia cases can be prevented
e Gwen Stefani shows off post baby body
m Plan would return to girl to her parents in Conn.
t WWE Releases Number Of WWE Network Subscribers
e Idina Menzel addresses 'Adele Dazeem' flub by John Travolta
b Stock futures lower as Q1 GDP turns deeply negative
t Netflix FREEZES prices for existing UK users to stop them quitting vid-streaming  ...
b Lawyer: Argentina to negotiate with U.S. hedge funds over debt
m Pfizer's Breast Cancer Drug Palbociclib could Change Treatment Options
e Virgin CEO announces boycott of hotel chain owned by the Sultan of Brunei
m A third of Alzheimer's is preventable
t Amazon Says It Will Fight FTC on Kids In-App Purchases Issue
e Mr Brown's humble potato salad a global sensation
t Facebook to offer users more control on ads viewed
t Feds tell banks to look for, fix Heartbleed computer bug
e Olivia Wilde and Jason Sudeikis Welcome First Child!
t NASA's moon-orbiting robot crashes on surface as planned
t Blackberry plans Heartbleed patches as mobile threat scrutinized
e Who Should Play an Updated Ms. Frizzle on Netflix's "Magic School Bus"?
e Netflix's Internet video service to become a channel on boxes of 3 US cable-TV  ...
e IDOL CHATTER: Alex Preston moves up in American Idol rankings
m False-positive mammograms don't deter women from future screening, study finds
b Stocks gain speed in May as Nasdaq rebounds
t Microsoft cutting 18000 jobs
e Star Wars Episode 7 Rumors, News: Jar Jar Binks Type Character Not in  ...
t Rare 'Honey Moon' tonight. Turn away from the internet long enough to enjoy it.
e 'The Walking Dead' Season 4 Finale: Recap and Comic Book Comparisons
e Billboard Music Awards Shows 2014: Predicting the Winners And Losers in Top  ...
b Swiss banks eye deals after Credit Suisse ruling
e Special Events, Concerts & More Set for 2014 RECORD STORE DAY Today
t Amazon announces small handheld barcode reader – 'Dash'
m White House: Rejecting Obamacare cost Florida 64000 jobs
e Selena Gomez Posts Cryptic Messages On Instagram, Is She Feeling Down  ...
e Tyler, The Creator Arrested After SXSW Riot Incident: Watch
e The things they tweet:
t Facebook buying virtual-reality company for $2 billion
m Superbugs 'Could Send UK Back To The Dark Ages'
t No brakes, no steering wheel: Google car drives itself
t Apple Inc. (AAPL) To 'Silence iPhone Naysayers'
m Fresh sunscreen ingredients stuck in FDA backlog
b International markets roundup
t Google I/O to showcase company's connected vision
m The soberphone app for alcoholics can set off an alarm if they stray too close to a  ...
b Fox attempts to take over Warner Bros/DC!
b Carney talks hawkish, but does the data add up?
e Sharknado sequel has bite and a storm of laughs
e US Airways Tweets Toy Plane In Vagina To Passenger (NSFW PICTURE)
e Film Review: Get On Up
e Ray Comfort Releases His Own 'Noah' Movie Days Before Aronofsky's Film
m 'Mono Mono' Twins Born Holding Hands Were 'Best' Mother's Day Gift
b Gas Prices Fall as Labor Day Approaches
b Bund futures fall to day's low after weak euro zone inflation
b Dollar, euro in tight range ahead of Fed meeting
b Crude oil futures trading outlook: WTI and Brent little changed ahead of key data
b Twice the Size of Amazon: Alibaba Is Ready for Its Close-Up
t Graco expands car seat recall
b Fed Slows Bond Buying to $35 Billion per Month
e Ratings: 'Game of Thrones' Season 4, episode 3 matches series high in viewers
b Obamacare rate hikes in California to average 4% in 2015
e Film Review: Near-Perfect 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier' Defies  ...
t How Gmail Happened: The Inside Story of Its Launch 10 Years Ago Today
t World's largest flying bird was twice as big as any alive today
e Robin Williams in talks to reprise Scottish nanny 'Mrs. Doubtfire' role
t Microsoft Now Shipping Low-Cost Windows 8.1 With Bing OS Variant
t Facebook to force Messenger...
m Saturated Fats are not Clear Indicator of Heart Diseases?
t Microsoft shares soar on talk of Office for iPads
t Samsung Galaxy S4 and Galaxy Note 3 bundled with free Galaxy Gear on  ...
e New Affidavits Released on Sandra Bullock's Stalker
e NKorea slams new Franco, Rogen film
e ART's 'All The Way,' 'Glass Menagerie' Nominated For Nine Tonys
e 'X-Men' Director Bryan Singer Accused of Drugging and Raping Teenage Boy
e Steve Martin quashes Father Of The Bride 3 rumours
b Pound Sterling Exchange Rates: Sterling to Dollar (GBP/USD), Euro (GBP/EUR  ...
t What to Watch Out For in Apple
t Google Glass Partners With Ray-Ban and Oakley Manufacturer
e 'Transcendence': Imperfect search for a soul
e TV review: Fargo is back with blood, ice and brilliance
e Dave Chappelle Recalls Meeting Kanye West For The First Time
t Samsung Electronics posts Q1 earnings Tuesday
b Lufthansa cancels 3800 flights due to pilots' strike
e Usher nabs first Voice victory
e Creationist 'Noah' film warns God may end the world again to wipe out gays and  ...
t Tesla talking about first European factory, but it won't happen soon
t Three-man crew makes it to ISS after delay
t T-Mobile's 'Music Freedom' lets users stream music for free from services like  ...
e Arab League rejects Israel as Jewish homeland
e Chris Colfer's Twitter Hacked, Actor Not Leaving Glee
e Twin Peaks back with extra mystery
t “Blood Moon” Over Miami Tonight
e Every Mother's Day has a Mother's Night: New movie releases
m Doctors Misdiagnose 1 in 20 Patients They See
e Holy Week special services
m Producer Ryan Lewis Launches A Project To Fight Against HIV
b Toyota unveils the sportiest Camry yet
b Asiana Airlines crash caused by pilot 'mismanagement,' NTSB concludes
e US comic book icon Archie in trouble with Singapore censors over gay theme
b Jen Cole: Time to end gender pay inequality
e Anita Baker That Arrest Warrant's A Sinister Plot Against Me
b Smart city schemes face uncertainty as Wi-Fi firm goes under
b Hillshire to buy Pinnacle Foods; Gogo shares on the go; Twitter upgraded
e Fine Tuning: Dancing with Stars reveals winner tonight
b Earnings deliver a harsh reality check to Samsung that it is not Apple
e Kimye jet to Ireland for secret honeymoon May 26, 3:52 pm
t Uber confirms new round, calls it "record breaking"
b Company Update: The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) – U.S. air safety board  ...
e Monday Morning Critic – Ant-Man, Marvel Studios, Edgar Wright and The  ...
e Divergent Movie Franchise Expands; Final Book Split Into Two Films
b Honduras Rescues 3 of 11 Trapped Miners
t Apple demands over $2bn from Samsung for patent infringement
t METEOR SHOWER MAY 2014 [FREE ONLINE STREAM]: WATCH THE  ...
e Hell Yeah! Kit Harington Pleads For More Male Nudity On 'Game Of Thrones'
m Research Shows Ways to Speed Stroke Care
e Movie review: Second trained 'Dragon' is less charming
e Dwayne Johnson stars in new trailer for Hercules: watch now
e UK museum looks at epic, intimate sides of WWI
b BlackBerry reports better than expected results
b Market Structure Nightmare Comes True in Barclays Dark Pools Action
e Angela Bassett to Direct Whitney Houston Movie for Lifetime
e 'The Bachelorette' recap: Romance in Venice
m HPV test replaces pap smear
t Google 'smart' contact lenses could be revolutionary
t 'Right to be forgotten' ruling lacks balance: Geist
t Facebook's "Nearby Friends" Is More About Discovering Friends Than New  ...
e Why It Matters That HBO Go Crashed Again During 'Game of Thrones'
m Baby safety gates send 1800 kids to the ER every year
b BlackBerry Reports Bigger-Than-Expected Loss, Surprises No One
t HTC One M8 Sales 'Fading' vs. Galaxy S5, LG G3, iPhone 6 Rumors: Analyst
t Apple users hit by $100 ransom demand after mystery iCloud account breach
e Watch Pharrell "Marilyn Monroe" (Official Video)
b Gallegos: Mexican crime cartels are putting the squeeze on limes
m Charlotte Ponce eager for surgery to create new ear: 'I get to wear earrings'
t Apple planning 12.9in iPad for 2015: Bloomberg
t Apple OS X Yosemite, Whats New
e Did Louis Tomlinson & Eleanor Calder Breakup?!
t Kendall Jones' Facebook Photos Removed: Outcry Against Texas Teen's  ...
e Rolling Stones leave Australia as Jagger's plans to 'settle down' revealed
e A Rosie return dims the 'View' for exec producer
m 4000 pounds of beef recalled over mad cow risk
b Filipinos, Vietnamese protest China in Manila
e Wilmer Valderrama reveals his Twitter was hacked after naked pictures and vile  ...
b Twitter Q1 results: $250 million revenue, 255 million active users
t UPDATE 3-US FCC extends 1st deadline to comment on net neutrality
t 2010-2013 Suzuki Kizashi Recalled For Spiders (It's A Trend)
e Dawn Of The Planet Of The Apes Trailer – Caesar and his simian chums are  ...
e 'SNL' Season Finale: Solange and Jay Z Bring Big Laughs, Andy Samberg Not  ...
e How Blue Ivy stole everyone's hearts at the VMAs
b Will This Rating Help Tesla (TSLA) Today?
e Solange Knowles is 'at peace' over Jay Z row
b One-fifth of China's arable land polluted, says state report
e Twitter American Airlines threat a 'joke,' 14-year-old girl claims, is arrested
t Galaxy Tab S: Samsung launches its new flagship tablet in two sizes - 10.5 and  ...
t Netflix: A Good Buy At Current Valuations?
e Explaining Captain America: The Winter Soldier's post-credits sequences
e Seth Meyers chosen as 66th Primetime Emmy Award host
b Chinese E-Commerce Giant To Offer U.S. IPO
e Jada Pinkett Smith Defends Willow, Moises Arias Photo!
b Bar Car 1
t Microsoft privacy policy to change in wake of Hotmail privacy debate
b Hiring looks good now, but wage growth lags
b Fed Continues To Ease Up On Economic Stimulus
e L'Wren Scott Was $7 Million in Debt Before Her Death
b Pot bust? Shaky start likely for Washington state sales
e Jessica Chastain caught in "True Detective" season 2 casting rumors
t State exploring programs encouraging landowners to welcome rising number of  ...
e Watch Penguin, Batman and Jim Gordon in great Gotham trailer!
e Highlights From The 2014 MTV VMAs
b Citigroup to pay 7 bln USD to settle mortgage allegation
e Marc Anthony ordered to pay $26000 a month in child support
b Cement Firms Holcim, Lafarge in Talks Over $40B Joint Venture
m News for the Investor on July 30, 2014
t What should happen to your online accounts when you die?
t iPad Air 2 release date, latest news plus other interesting info: Apple's newest  ...
e Kristen Merlin Overshadows the Power House Vocalists
b Results show signs of hope for Yahoo
e From Time.com: The Last Days of Mad Men
e Read a New Chapter from 'Game of Thrones' Creator's Next Book
m Local expert offers tips to prevent West Nile Virus
t Facebook privacy response awaited
b Automated Trading Firm Virtu Files for Initial Public Offering
m Half of you believe at least one medical conspiracy theory
b Medical marijuana experience no longer required for state retail license
e Movie Review: 'Rio 2' fun watch for kids and adults
e NFL Now Demands $16.6 Million Over M.I.A.'s Super Bowl Middle Finger  ...
e What the Harris jury wasn't told
t AT&T plans expansion of fast web service to St. Louis
b Covered California Officials: No Further Enrollment Extensions
t Have an EBay account? Change your password now
e Living replica of Vincent van Gogh's ear goes on display in Germany
t T-Mobile Serves Up the Stunning All-New HTC One - As Only the Un-carrier Can
e Russell Crowe - Russell Crowe Blasts Noah Critics
e Tori Spelling Not 'Comfortable' With Dean Moving Back In
e Garth Brooks Teases “The Wait Is Over”
e Taylor Swift crashes fan's bridal shower
b Best Of British Gear Up For China Car Show
e Zac Efron Punched In Face During LA Fight
e Captain America's Chris Evans clarifies "silly" retirement claims
b Study finds that quakes tied to drilling
e Bobby Womack - Damon Albarn Leads Tributes To Soul Legend Bobby Womack
m Purity Organic Mangos Recalled for Possible Listeria Monocytogenes
t Meet Adobe Voice, a free iPad app for creating narrated videos with lush images
b Local jobless rate drops to 3.5 percent
t New Samsung UHD TVs offer more 4K content and lower starting prices
b Rare dual win claimed in EPA case
b Daimler Automotive Group Unveils a Self-Driving Truck
m Pelvic exam not needed for all women US doctors' group
m Missouri company recalls 4012 pounds of beef products due to mad cow fear  ...
t Using Modern.ie to test Web browser compatibility with applications
b Eurozone unemployment stuck near record high
e Brace yourselves, the Royal Wedding is coming
b Tyson chicken nuggets being recalled
b US Producer Prices Rise Much More Than Expected In March
e Chewbacca, Peter Mayhew to return in 'Star Wars: Episode VII'
e Celebrating Cinco de Mayo around town
e Britain at War: Imperial War Museum unveils £40million revamp ahead of  ...
e Rosie O'Donnell blasts Lindsay Lohan's show
t Mars Rover's 'mysterious light' photo causes wild speculations about alien life
b ARGENTINE STOCKS CRASH
t NASA spacecraft captures update to iconic Apollo 8 'Earthrise' photo
m What's Going Around – Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS)
e Jon Hamm's porn job
b Beef filet no substitute for cash: Chinese tycoon offers free feast to homeless  ...
e ABC is #1 for the 5th Straight Week, Wins May for the 1st Time in 14 Years and  ...
e Jagger posts tribute to companion L'Wren Scott
e Get Your First Good Look At Thanos In Guardians Of The Galaxy
t Titanosaur Dinosaur, Largest One Ever (so far), Debuts at Museum
m Ivory Coast on alert for Ebola virus
m Consumer Reports ranks DC area's safest hospitals
b Banks still aren't taking regulations seriously
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye are getting married in France & or are they?
t Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini vs Moto X: Name vs Longevity
b Trulia Downgraded to “Hold” at Needham & Company LLC (TRLA)
e Kunis 'planning a natural birth'
m Richmond's 'Too Toned' Workout Hottie is Trending on Internet
t Apple launches 8GB iPhone 5C
b Corn Biofuel Worse Than Gas
b BlackBerry posts $423 million net loss in fourth quarter
e 'The Jungle Book' Release Date, Cast & News Update: Scarlett Johansson and  ...
t Google Places Bet On Drones
e First Dibs: Is Gwen Stefani Gunning For Christina Aguilera's Job On The Voice?
e Macklemore Criticized for 'Anti-Semitic' Costume During 'Thrift Shop' Performance
e Even Lena Dunham Can't Make Sense Of Her 2014 Emmys Dress
t NASA Launches Carbon Observatory
b Dow Inches to Record
e Oh Y'Know, Just Video Of Shia LaBeouf Trying To Start A Fight Outside A Strip  ...
t Apple Inc. (AAPL) & NTT DOCOMO to Offer iPad in Japan Starting on June 10
m Conjoined Twins Separated At Texas Hospital To Be Released
t Climate impacts 'overwhelming' - UN
b Housing Industry Wonders: What Does Mel Watt Want?
e 'Game of Thrones' star Kit Harington's still dealing with dragons, this time in big  ...
e Video; New Harry Potter Area Will Open July 8th
t Now, Google comes up with Android watch
e Box Office Preview: 'Divergent' To Triumph At Box Office
e Today Is Free Cone Day At Ben & Jerry's
m Saudi Arabia reports pilgrim infected with MERS
e Home / News / PHOTOS: Lindsay Lohan On The Roles She Missed -- Plus  ...
t Apple May Introduce Cheaper iPhone 5C with 8 GB storage on Tuesday
b Fed's Tarullo calls for regulatory shift from one-size-fits-all approach
t GM Shifting Some Production from Mexico to Tennessee
b Oracle May Spend $5 Billion for Micros Systems, Report Says
m Low-dose aspirin may reduce risk of pancreatic cancer
t 2014 MotGP, Grand Prix of The Americas Free Practice
b Southwest's first-ever international flights set to depart today
e Airline says sorry after child forced to pee in seat
t Amazon Appstore's Bundle worth over £100 free today
e Christie on Fallon: Clinton matchup, and the 'Evolution of Dad Dancing' [video]
e Johnny Depp has been subpoenaed to give evidence in a murder trial.
e AJ McCarron and Katherine Webb are Engaged!
e Dr. Jane Goodall and Disneynature's 'Bears' Directors Teach Us About Saving  ...
e 50 Shades Of Grey Teaser is the Most Watched Trailer of 2014
e The caged bird who helped free the minds of racist America: Poet Maya Angelou  ...
b Survey confirms gains in health insurance sign-ups - WNCN: News, Weather for  ...
m Biotech Stock Roundup: GILD Letter Triggers Major Selloff - Analyst Blog
b UPDATE 4-Two senior Twitter executives resign as growth lags
t World Cup mania hits Space Station
e SXSW Interview: Neil Young: Rocker's PonoMusic aims for highest quality digital  ...
t Tesla Motors to Allow 'Good Faith' Use of Its Patents
e George Clooney Throws Star-Studded Engagement Party
e Review Revue: 'The Other Woman,' 'Brick Mansions,' 'The Quiet Ones'
e It's no joker: Ben Affleck banned from blackjack at Las Vegas casino
e Lindsay Lohan reveals miscarriage on finale of OWN series
m Oscar due back in court on Monday
e The Internet Wants to Know Why Kanye West Is So Sad
e Rob Kardashian Into Drugs
b Class warfare justified? Robert J. Samuelson
e The Walking Dead's Andrew Lincoln Challenged Scott Gimple On If He Was  ...
b Allergan Said to Explore Sale to Sanofi, J&J
e Jay Z to bring Made in America to Los Angeles
e Robin Thicke makes desperate plea at Billboard Awards for estranged wife to  ...
b Herbalife Discloses Civil Investigation by FTC
t Ray-Ban to design Google Glass digi-goggles: Cool - or Tool?
b Survey: US businesses add 220000 jobs in April
b Californians Facing $500 Fines For Violating Water Restrictions In Drought  ...
e Gary Goddard, Bryan Singer Named in Another Teen Sex Abuse Lawsuit
b U.S. June auto sales hit level not seen since July 2006
e One hot night: Efron shirtless and X-Men teased at MTV Movie Awards
b Snapchat triples valuation
t Comcast, Time Warner Merger Threat To Netflix's Leverage
e A Texas teen cheerleader triggers outrage for posting exotic hunting pics
e Watch Jessie J, Ariana Grande and Nicki Minaj open MTV VMAs
e Brian Williams Likes Big Butts And He Cannot Lie! Watch His Phenomenal Baby  ...
b Alcoa to close Italian smelter
m Documentary on Obesity Lacks Policy Muscle
t Alfa Romeo Returns to U.S.A. with the 4C Coupé
t Amazon.com (AMZN) Debuts 'Kindle Unlimited' e-Book/Audiobook Subscription  ...
b US auto sales inch higher in March
b US Wins WTO Dispute With China Over Autos, Parts
m 3-D mammograms might significantly improve screening results
b 1ST LEAD Hollande meets with Alstom's suitors By Clare Byrne, dpa
e Garth Brooks Cancels Concerts
e Adele's New Album May Be Called '25'
m World Ebola fears grow with Europe, Asia on alert
e How 'The Good Wife' shocker out-scandalized 'Scandal'
t 'Earth-Like' Planet Found
e Video: Bill Murray crashes bachelor party, gives speech
e Captain America – The Winter Soldier
b What Target and Co aren't telling you: your credit card data is still out there
e Defense: Benzino nephew shot rap star to defend 'his family'
e Sir Paul to make full recovery
e 'Goonies 2' sequel a go: Rumors say cast to reunite in new Goonies adventure
t NASA Flying Saucer Flight Test Succeeds
m Teens Getting High Off Lip Balm In New 'Beezin' Trend
b Target revamps leadership team of US & Canada
m Finland tops Save the Children's 15th annual State of the World's Mothers Report
e New Transformers 4 Mark Wahlberg 'It Was Me' Movie Clip Hit The Net
e Shailene Woodley & Ansel Elgort: 'The Fault In Our Stars' Premieres This Week!
t Why Are They Called 'Homofascists'? Here's Why...
b Panel to hear testimony on 38 Studios bond payment
t AAA: Iraq civil war pushing up gas prices in US
b July Fourth travel expected to increase from 2013
b Texas Creeping up on Iraq's Crude Oil Production
e 10 Things you May Not Have Known About Peaches Geldof
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Active gets sporty in leak video
b Oracle buying Micros Systems for $5.3B
b The Gas Agreement That Signaled WWIII
m Type 1 Diabetes Diagnosis in Kids & brain changes co-related
t Security researcher successfully spoofs fingerprint unlock on Galaxy S5 [VIDEO]
e 'Guardians of the Galaxy' Hits New York
t Watch out for muggers while wearing Google Glass
e Bjork exhibit coming to MoMA
e George Clooney, 52, to Wed Amal Alamuddin, 36; Actor's Parents 'Thrilled' About  ...
b Opening remarks by CE at press conference on release of constitutional  ...
b Dollar Lower After FOMC Statement and Other Top Forex News.
m Must See: 'I got it, I got it!' Adorable boy walks for first time
b Ronald McDonald Gets a Makeover, Remains Terrifying
t World's Largest-Ever Flying Bird Had Huge Wingspan, Fossil Shows
b FTC inquiry into Herbalife prompts big share selloff
t Microsoft Azure Gets New Tools For Hybrid Clouds And Simplified Cloud  ...
t iOS 8 vs Android 4.4 KitKat
m Surgeon General Says to Stop Using Tanning Beds to Prevent Cancer
m Gene mapping study shows promise, challenges
b HK: Stocks end 4-day losing streak, helped by Tencent, Lippo
t EU and South Korea join forces to finalise 5G specification
b Argentina will survive default but indebted nations in Africa will not be so lucky
e SNL Throws Louis CK into Episode of Black Jeopardy!
t New HTC One (M8) to be unveiled today: All you need to know
t Microsoft Debuts Android-Based Nokia X2
t LG outs Smart Bulb for iOS and Android, it will blink when you receive a call
e Shia LaBeouf spotted at 'celebrity-frequented' rehab facility in Hollywood: report
b Barclays trader fined over £95k and banned from sector
e BET Awards 2014: New Orleans native August Alsina wins for best new artist
e Lea Michele spotted out with new boyfriend Matthew Paetz
e Belgian Foreign Minister: Securing The Jewish Community Should Be  ...
e Brooks Wheelan fired from 'Saturday Night Live'
e Kristin Cavallari welcomed her second son on Wednesday!
e Jill Scott Talks Family Involvement, Spousal Abuse in James Brown Pic 'Get On Up'
b Asian shares, especially Tokyo, up on US rally
e Religion briefs
b Adidas Profit Misses Estimates, Shares Have Fallen 17% This Year
m Entyvio Approved for Ulcerative Colitis and Crohn's Disease
t Climate change is here, take action now, says White House report
b 'Candy Crush' CEO sees $613 million in IPO
t iWatch scoop: Apple snatches TAG Heuer executive
e Comic John Pinette, 50, appeared on 'Seinfeld'
t NSA planned to hijack the cloud and Facebook to spread spyware
e Johnny Depp is Box Office Poison: Video
m Relay For Life invites survivors, caregivers to June 7 breakfast
e Soldier: Bowe Bergdahl lodged false war crime allegations against his unit
m Review Says Inexpensive Food a Key Factor in Rising Obesity
e 'Planes: Fire & Rescue' is sure to please the cookies-and-milk crowd
e La Toya Jackson - La Toya Jackson pays tribute to Michael Jackson
m 2.1 billion people are fat or Obese Worldwide, 13 percent in the US alone
b Vodafone`s annual profit leaps with Verizon Wireless sale
e N Korea threatens war on US over movie
t Get Ready to Procrastinate: Today's Google Doodle is an Interactive Rubik's Cube
m Being cynical may hurt your brain health Study
m Thankful for Affordable Care Act in America — The Land of the Greedy
t OkCupid's CEO Has His Own Ugly History Of Donating To Antigay Causes
t SK Telecom sells Galaxy S5 in Korea before official launch
e 'True Blood' Recap: Joe Manganiello's Shocking Moment in 'Fire In The Hole!'
m New blood recharges old brain, study suggests
t Microsoft unveils Office app for iPad
e 'Hercules' Trailer: Dwayne Johnson Becomes The Legend
m Economic Slow-Down Blamed For Obesity
t California's agricultural community must adapt or face climate consequences  ...
t Microsoft launches Office for iPad
e Rolling Stone flubs US Constitution tattoo on cover
b UCLA's Pauley Pavilion is drying out from flood
b Until bitcoin has oversight, it's a volatile uncertainty
b Northwest AGs Sue Energy Drink Over Marketing Claims
t China SUPERSONIC SUBMARINE traveling in BUBBLE will hit US in 2 hours
t Microsoft takes a step to get Windows 8 users current with new automatic update
e Jason Aldean Is Officially Dating Brittany Kerr After Those Cheating Pictures?
t E3 2014: The Winners and Losers of the Game Expo
t What is Google buying? Raburn's plan for Titan
b 281000 Jobs Added in June
e Taylor Swift in Her WSJ Op-Ed: “We Want to Be Caught Off Guard, Delighted  ...
e NFL Sues M.I.A. for $16.6 Million Over Middle Finger at Super Bowl Halftime Show
t Mozilla and the right-wing media's persecution complex
e Movie review: 'Transcendence' a lifeless, high-tech mess
t Time to 'get real' on climate change: EU official
e Beyonce Tops Time's '100 Most Influential People in the World' | News
m Sheelah A. Feinberg is the director of the NYC Coalition for a Smoke-Free City  ...
b Microsoft's earnings show new vigor
e Lindsay Lohan Claims to Have Suffered a Miscarriage While Filming Her OWN  ...
t What does the Apple, IBM partnership mean for your business?
m Health insurance companies sending refunds to consumers throughout the US
e Johnny Weir and Victor Voronov's Dog Caught in Divorce Drama
t Google Glass Goes Full Roll-out to Medical Students at UC Irvine
t Healthcare.gov users urged to resets passwords over Heartbleed bug
e Nikhil Arora's Review - How To Train Your Dragon 2
e Lea Michele's Boyfriend Would Like For Her To Believe That He's Just A Gigolo  ...
m Washington Medicaid enrollment since expansion surpasses health reform goals
t Report: Sprint Teaming Up With Spotify to Offer 'Framily' Discount
t Google's Nest Recall Notice Reveals 440000 Faulty Fire Alarms
b US stock futures little changed
e Willow Smith Poses With Shirtless Actor Moises Arias
b Obama Presses Campaign For Health Law Enrollment
e Miley Cyrus Bangerz Tour Dates Update: Adore You Singer Discusses Allergic  ...
e VIDEO Lady Gaga announces details of jazz album with legendary crooner Tony  ...
b Apple on verge of buying Beats for $3.2 billion, report says
t WASHINGTON — Gas prices in the DC metro area are down a penny from a  ...
b House committee approves proposal that would change the way millions receive  ...
e See Prince George's Adorable Father's Day Outfit - and Get All the Details!
e This 'Game Of Thrones'/'Frozen' Parody Is Disturbingly Good
b Editorial: State must let consumers know when foods contain genetically  ...
e Harrison Ford crushed on Star Wars set: Han Solo star airlifted to hospital
t Osmo Uses Your iPad to Get Your Kids Playing in the Real World
t Seven tips to see the 209P/LINEAR Meteor storm – Live Chat and Live  ...
b MARKET SNAPSHOT: US Stock Market: Futures Flat, But First-half Gain In View
e Bobby Womack
e Demi Lovato unfollows long-time pal Selena Gomez on Twitter
e UPDATE 1-'Captain America' soars again, tops 'Rio 2' to win US box office
e Five Reasons Full House Returning to TV is a Bad Idea
t In Cable We (Anti)trust
t AP source: US to announce $1.2B settlement with Toyota over its disclosure of  ...
b Starbucks to try its hand at serving burgers in Los Angeles
e Eric Hill Dead – Bachelorette Andi Dorfman Contestant Dies After Paragliding  ...
e Passover Greetings By NYGOV Candidate Rob Astorino
b Bloomberg: IAC buys back 10% of Tinder at $5B valuation
b Letter: Social Security advice deserves a closer look
e Video:Justin Bieber apologizes for racist joke
b Congressional Dems to GOP: The Obamacare fight is over
b BHP responds to spin-off speculation
t What Do People Expect From the Future?
e 'Dawn Of The Planet Of The Apes' makes a monkey out of politics (VIDEO)
t Verizon Wireless Samsung Galaxy S5 Developer Edition now available for  ...
b Netflix in Belgium, France and Germany at end of 2014
b Dubai to build world's largest shopping mall
e Gwyneth Paltrow spotted for first time since marriage split without her wedding  ...
e WATCH: Leslie Jones SNL Slave Bit Sets Off Controversy -- What Do You Think?
t eBay: “Millions” of passwords changed after site hacked
b The Fannie and Freddie Experiment Was a "Total Failure"
b AUD/USD Fundamental Analysis June 24, 2014 Forecast
b July 4 gas prices at highest since 2008
t Tesla, Panasonic Announce Plans to Build Big US Battery "Gigafactory," But Don  ...
e First look at Neil Patrick Harris as a VERY creepy ex-boyfriend in the second  ...
m Teens drinking less, text more
m An alternative to the colonoscopy — though it has its own 'ick' factor
e Marvel Superheroes Can Save Hollywood
m Guinea Reports Ebola Death Toll Rises to 78
e Khloé and Kourtney Kardashian double date
e Trailer Watch: Denzel Washington in Antoine Fuqua's 'The Equalizer'
m Users upset over e-cigarette bans in NYC, Chicago
e Shailene Woodley: For fans, no fault in this star
b Morning markets: grains stage, minor, turnaround Tuesday
e Pussy Riot Eyed for Spring Breakers 2
b Morning Glory arrives in Libyan capital
m China dramatically cuts maternal and infant mortality rates
b Pound To Australian Dollar Exchange Rate (GBP/AUD) Riding High As Investors  ...
m New Discoveries in Relation to H5N1 Bird Flu and Its Fatal Effects
t Floods, drought, heatwave ... climate change already happening says IPCC
b Gold futures mark highest close in six months
e 'Pretty Little Liars' Pose For Steamy Bikini Photo Shoot- Click Here To See Our  ...
m Emergency Meeting on Ebola Outbreak
b Engelbrecht-Bresges Raises The Bar
e Supreme Court justices hear arguments in case that could decide the future of TV
m You're more like your friends than you realized — here's why
e Robert De Niro explains why it's time to tell his gay dad's story
b PG&E Pleads Not Guilty to Charges From San Bruno Pipeline Explosion
b JM Smucker (SJM) Coffee Price Hike Positive for Dunkin' Brands (DNKN  ...
e Nick Cannon, that's SO not funny! | DailyDish
b Credit Suisse to pay 2.6 billion, settle charges it helped tax dodgers
b UPDATE 2-US Fed corrects stress test results, says most changes minor
b 17 Chinese Coal Miners Are Trapped Underground After a Gas Explosion
m Bacteria live even in healthy placentas: study
t Air quality in world cities worsening, Delhi most polluted
b Notable Losers: Netflix (NFLX), Twitter (TWTR), Facebook Inc (FB), Amazon.com  ...
b For Crumbs, Growth May Have Come Too Fast
e Lana Del Rey - Lana Del Rey defends herself in early death row
t Apple asks for sales ban on Samsung devices
e Trace Adkins's Wife, Rhonda, Files for Divorce
t Google answers Apple's 'Continuity' with partial measures
e Contest offers part in next 'Star Wars' movie
b Analysis: Argentine debt investors may let law slide to reach deal
m There are claims that data in a widely heralded stem-cell research paper was  ...
t NASA Launching Orbiting Carbon Observatory Satellite
b DIA to make major 'grand bargain' announcement
b Airlines drop limes as prices skyrocket
m Minimize exposure to W. Nile, health experts say
b Will the Dow Jones Top 17000?
b Eurozone manufacturing sector remains weak in July: Markit
b Japan, Australia reach free-trade agreement: Statement
e Mad Men's Best Episode of the Season
b Germany begins natural gas supplies to Ukraine
t Amazon resisting FTC on in-app purchases by children
t Apple iTunes now has a staggering number of 800 million accounts
t Total lunar eclipse turns moon red over America
e Simon Cowell not proud of affair, but he has embraced family life
t Xbox One price cut to Acircpound349
e George Clooney slams Daily Mail story about his future marriage
e 'How to Train Your Dragon 2' a success of monster proportions
e Bachelorette 2014 Spoilers: Week 3 Recap – Eric Hill Drama?
m UPDATE 1-US government confident new vaccine will help fight pig virus
e Locals asked to consider safety first on Fourth of July
b Investors question fine print of Woodside deal
e Heaven Is For Real, reviewed: Don't let the title deceive you – there's no  ...
b Amazon lets you shop with a tweet
e Bria Kelly is done on 'The Voice'
e Shia LaBeouf arrested for disorderly conduct
b BSkyB confirms talks to buy Sky Italia and Sky Deutschland
e Tribeca Film Festival preview: LI-filmed 'Every Secret Thing,' Chelsea Clinton's  ...
e 'Grey's Anatomy' season 11: Would Sandra Oh return in some capacity?
b Amazon shelves JK Rowling's new book in price war
t Get ready to witness meteor shower from UAE next week
b Stocks Close Lower After Early Gains Fade
b Euro slips as Draghi hints ECB may act in June
e Hangout Fest 2014
t Sony Signs Video Game Deal with Shanghai Oriental Pearl--UPDATE 2
t Total Lunar Eclipse Early Tuesday: How To Watch It
b Unions plan nationwide protests against Postal Service's Staples deal
m Healthy South Texas launch aims to reduce preventable diseases
b Dollar Slides Against Yen, Euro After FOMC Minutes
e Yael Cohen marries Justin Bieber's manager in Whistler
t Facebook Has Been Using Us as Guinea Pigs for Emotional Experiments
b Hedge Fund Fights To Keep Fannie, Freddie In Business
t HOW-TO | Protect yourself from Internet Explorer security concerns
t Apple And Samsung Agree To Drop All Lawsuits Against Each Other
e LeVar Burton Launches Kickstarter Campaign to Revive Reading Rainbow
b With tax season in full swing, NY officials warn of telephone, email tax scams
b Report: Apple planning to acquire Beats Electronics for $3.2b?
b TREASURIES-Long-end prices rise for a 2nd day on month-end support
t Google buys Songza to make Play Music curation cool
e Who will design Kim Kardashian's wedding dress? Balmain, Lanvin, Alaia or  ...
e Man charged with raping 17-year-old girl at Keith Urban concert
t Facebook now lets you ask someone out in the most awkward way possible
e The 3 Interviews Barbara Walters Wants to Be Known For
e Toby Kebbell is Doctor Doom in 'Fantastic Four'
t Watch Saturday Night Live Perfectly Tear Into GM CEO's Testimony
b Amid Debate, Target Takes Stand Against Guns In Stores
b Mountain of dirt suspected in bridge closure - NBC40.net
t iPhone 5s, HTC One (M8) and Samsung Galaxy S5 get the drop test treatment
b Etihad, Alitalia reach agreement
b U.S. Industrial Production Rose 0.6% in May
t Durex ditches hand helds to hold hands this Earth Hour #TurnOFFToTurnON
t Senate to consider AT&T-DirecTV merger
e Usher refuses to speak up for Justin Bieber over racist joke
t We'll find aliens in 20 years (we just need money), astronomers say
e Pandora sued by record labels for copyright infringement
b Squirrel causes $300000 worth of damage at Indiana community centre
b The Dow Fights for Gains as IBM Keeps Rising and JPMorgan Chase Slides
b Quiznos files for bankruptcy protection (Video)
m Experts reveal risk factors for flesh-eating bacteria
t How a Brain Injury Turns Man into Mathematical Wizard
t General Motors Suspends Sale of 2013-14 Chevrolet Cruze for Possible Airbag  ...
e Garry Oldman defends Mel Gibson in PC rant
e Get the Most Popular Beauty World News Stories in a Weekly Newsletter
t High-Res Hopes: Titanfall Could Hit 1080p with a Patch
e Kurt Cobain Would Have Loved Lorde Fronting Nirvana
e Cameron Diaz Proud of Gwyneth and Chris Martin's Conscious Uncoupling
t Google Search 3.5.14 Adds “OK, Google” Hotword Everywhere, Plus Audio History
t Sony Issues Warning over Vaio Battery Fire Risk -- Update
b France secures option to buy Alstom stake from Bouygues
e Residents celebrate Cinco de Mayo
b Malaysia releases MH370 satellite data as Australia begins ocean floor mapping
m Oscar Pistorius trial to resume Monday after psychiatry exam
b Ukraine referendum tensions weigh on markets - Quincy Herald-Whig | Illinois  ...
e The Essentials: Angelina Jolie's 5 Best Performances
m Moderate exercising beneficial to the aging
t Edward Snowden speaks out at SXSW, says NSA is “setting fire to the future of  ...
m Hospitals prepare for MERS virus
m 'Real Sliced Fruit ' sold at Costco recalled for possible salmonella
b Pilots warned about Ukraine airspace dangers in April
e The 'Star Wars: Episode VII' Cast Has Been Revealed Featuring Original Actors
m Now a drug that could prevent migraine attacks
t Amazon Planning Free Streaming Media
e Star Wars Episode 7 begins shooting at Pinewood, first picture tweeted
e Kristen Stewart, Anne Hathaway, and Brie Larson Dress Up as One of the Dudes  ...
b US average rate on 30-year home loan 4.27 percent
m Stanford engineer invents safe way to transfer energy to medical chips
e The Mad Marathon Known As Upfront Week Begins
e Bob Hastings dies at age 89
e Diddy or daddy?: Rapper changes his name
m New Drug May Help Early Alzheimer's
b Sector Update: Financial Shares Lower After Fed's Stress Test; Zions Bancorp  ...
b Rolls-Royce unveils £1.0bn share buyback
t Dropbox acquires Loom, will shut down its cloud photo...
t HTC Officially Announces All New One After Months Of Leaks
e Guardians of the Galaxy, a comic book nerd paradise
e 'Captain America' rules box office third straight week
t Amazon Starts Wearable Tech Storefront
m Weight Loss Drug Recalled Due to Product Tampering
e JK Rowling's The Casual Vacancy adaptation for BBC and HBO to shoot this  ...
t PS4 News: Sony Announces Affordable VR Headset, Upcoming PS4 Update  ...
t Moto G LTE Variant Listed on Amazon, Moto E to be Dust Resistant
e Team Turmoil
e Watch Dawn of the Planet of the Apes' New Trailer
e Woah, baby! Christina Aguilera shows off her pregnant form in stunning nude  ...
e NBC signs Matt Lauer to contract extension on 'Today' show
m Vital Signs - Prescription Drug Overdose - Transcript
e Michael Jackson to 'appear' at Billboard Awards
e Chris Brown behind bars until June
m Bacteria Can Linger on Airplane Surfaces for Days
e Official Images: Transformers: Age of Extinction Optimus Prime Challenge and  ...
b White House offers extension on completing Obamacare enrollment
b VIDEO: Detroit's Accord With Police, Firefighter Retirees
b Congressional GOP fails to stop all minimum-wage increases
t HTC targeting Samsung with lower-spec One
e Collecting The Precious Weta Workshop Comic-Con Photo Tour Part 1
t Samsung unveils prototype health monitoring wristband
b Wall Street gains on Fed's view; S&P 500 ends at a record
m Jenny McCarthy slammed for anti-vaccination beliefs
b Colin Kaepernick: Colin Kaepernick issues statement on incident
t Ancient Daddy Longlegs Had Extra Eyes
b Kennedy inbound lanes reopening, 'Carmageddon' largely avoided
e Watch Christina Grimmie Sing on The Voice 2014 Live Finals, May 19, 2014  ...
e Blockbusting books featured at the school library
t Google I/O to Show Off Smart Home Gadgets, Wearables
b Apache Corp., under investor pressure, exiting Kitimat LNG project
t Samsung Makes Major Breakthrough in Graphene Production
t Tesla Motors to share intellectual property to speed up electric car development
m PetSmart to Stop Selling Treats Made in China
e Kimye wedding photos: Kim and Kanye post sweet shots to social media (Photos)
b Mortgage Interest Rates Slip at HSBC Friday Apr 25
t Google Street View now lets users go back in time
b MH370 disappearance 'unprecedented'
m Three hours of television a day can kill
e Lena Dunham Parodies 'Girls' In The Nude On 'SNL'
m Benzinga's Volume Movers
e Kate Winslet Explains Son's Name, Bear Blaze
t Microsoft Corporation Launches Office App for iPad (MSFT)
e Win exclusive Guardians of the Galaxy IMAX posters
t Twitter turns eight: Find out people's first ever tweet
e Subtle: 'Man Of Steel' Sequel Officially Titled 'Batman V. Superman: Dawn Of  ...
e Pass/Fail? College offers Miley Cyrus course
e What the Critics Are Saying About Halle Berry's New CBS Series 'Extant' Which  ...
b Venture capitalist wins US bitcoin auction
e Pandora Royalty To Remain The Same
e 'The Voice': Season 6's top 10 contestants are revealed
e Pass It On: Watch George RR Martin Throw The First Pitch At A Baseball Game
e 'The Bachelor' Juan Pablo: Most Hated Bachelor, Done with Crap [VIDEO]
e Lisa Kudrow's HBO series The Comeback return confirmed
b Aggressive' Bullish Options Activity Seen in Allergan Ahead of Tie-Up Report
m Light it Up Blue: Autism Awareness Day on April 2
t Netflix cuts Verizon interconnect deal
b WTO Sides With US In Vehicle Duty Dispute With China
e A guide to Record Store Day
e How George Clooney saved himself from 'old fool' territory
t Nokia Lumia 2520 tablet on its way to T-Mobile?
t Apollo 11 Launch Footage: This Happened 45 Years Ago Today
b Russia cuts off Ukraine gas supplies after talks fail
e Fifty Shades of Grey Trailer Hit 3.6 Million Views
e Kaley Cuoco New Haircut: 'The Big Bang Theory' Actress Debuts Shorter 'Do On  ...
e Kim Kardashian considers adoption after falling in love with a little girl in Thailand
e 'Goonies' Sequel Casting Same Actors? See Classic Photos Of Corey Feldman  ...
t iOS 8 support and connector forces iPad 2 replacement
e Who Went Home On The Voice 2014 Season 6 Tonight? 3/24/2014
e 'Bachelorette' contestant Eric Hill dies after paragliding accident
e AKB48 idols Anna Iriyama, Rina Kawaei released from hospital
e Watch Mad Men Season 7 Episode 7 Free Stream Online
e The Leftovers, Tom Perrotta's dark tale, debuts on TV
t Apple hints password reuse, not iCloud hack, at heart of locked iDevice ransom  ...
e New Trailer for Dwayne Johnson's "Hercules" Arrives Online
t Blood moon rising
b Facebook Is No. 3 On Glassdoor's Top 25 Companies For Compensation  ...
b P&G Profit Edges Up on Lower Costs -- Update
t Apple Launches New OS X Beta Seed Program, Lets Anyone Test Pre-Release  ...
e Watch Reese Witherspoon, Zooey Deschanel Royally Screw Up Cara  ...
e MOVIE REVIEW: 'Godzilla' lacks the fun of a monster movieMOVIE REVIEW  ...
t [Video] BMW M235i races the Mercedes-Benz CLA 45 AMG from 0 to 260 km/h
b AAA: Gas prices flat or down slightly this Memorial Day
b 'Terrible things happened': General Motors CEO Mary Barra in safety admission
t Oceana Report Exposes Nine US Fisheries for ByCatch Waste
m South Florida Ophthalmologist Earned $21 Million in a Year from Medicare
e 10 Biting Lessons We Learned from 'Sharknado 2: The Second One'
e Bob Dylan's “Like A Rolling Stone” Lyrics Fetch Two Million Dollars
t FIFA World Cup 2014: Frenzy in space too; NASA astronauts kick the ball
t China is getting the Xbox One in September
t Lenovo expects IBM server, Motorola Mobility deals to be completed by year end
t Samsung Galaxy S5 hit Korea today to preempt sales ban
t Is there life on Mars? The Curiosity rover may have left some behind
e North Korea: Seth Rogen Movie 'The Interview' Is An Act Of War
m Forgotten vials of smallpox found at NIH in Md.
t Twitter Adds Photo Tagging, But Don't RT That
t NASA's Mars Curiosity rover completes its first Martian year today
e New 'Transformers' film rakes in $100M in opening weekend
m Drastic action needed to halt Ebola outbreak
e Will Ferrell, Chad Smith have a look-a-like drum off
e Former US official expects 4th nuclear test by North Korea
t NYT Now app to offer tailored content throughout the day
b US opens probe into GM recall
b Unemployment rates fall for 21 states within March
b RFD-TV's founder to testify before congressional hearing on proposed Comcast  ...
t New Antarctic melt causing science concerns
t Healthcare.gov on Heartbleed: Actually, Do Change Your Passwords
b Deutsche Bank to raise $11 billion in fresh capital
b China worries stalk markets
e STARNES: Ex-HGTV Hosts: 'If Our Faith Costs Us a TV Show, So Be It'
t Ford And Chrysler Issue Recall For Total Of 1 Million+ Vehicles
e James Franco on adapting Cormac McCarthy's "Child of God"
t 5.5in iPhone 6 phablet reportedly delayed by battery issues
t Elephants can decipher human voices better than we can
e DA: No felony Case In Bieber Cellphone Incident
t Facebook's New Business Model: Buying Stuff
t Posted yesterday at 11:39am
t Amazon.com (AMZN) Looks to Tap into Online Ad Market
t Global warming dials up our risks: UN report
b BlackBerry sees revenue fall to under $1 billion but it loses less money than usual
m Don't Trust Dr. Wikipedia
m March is National Colon Cancer Awareness Month
e Shailene Woodley Reveals Jennifer Lawrence's "Divergent" Advice in Teen  ...
b Tesla Will Probably Break Ground On Its First Gigafactory Next Month, But Still  ...
e This Harvard Student Really Wants Miley Cyrus to Swing By Campus While  ...
b GameStop Q4 Results Miss Estimates, Provides Weak 2014 Outlook
t China decides against using Windows 8 OS for government computers
m Stock Watch: Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc(NASDAQ:REGN), Express Scripts  ...
b Profits plummet at Barclays' investment bank despite savage cost-cutting
b Consumer complaints down 15 percent
t Hyundai recalls 883000 Sonatas for transmission issue
e Halle Berry said I was perfect for the role
e Kanye West booed by fans mid-performance
t How Google plans to lock you away from iOS and Windows
e Mad Men: Let's Talk About "A Day's Work"
e Leo and Phil to the rescue? Government told to get involved in Garth Brooks  ...
t Supreme Court Ruling Boon To Broadcasters And Wall St
e New "Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice" Set Photos and Scene Description
t Tesla Shares Fall After Wider 2Q Loss
e Robin Thicke hopes to 'win back Paula Patton with song Get Her Back' at  ...
e Five Years After His Death, Michael Jackson's Still the King of Pop
m Samsung chairman stable after heart surgery
e Judge orders singer Chris Brown to stay in Jail
e Video: Girl Doesn't Want Baby Brother To Grow Up
e Kanye West Gets Booed in UK for Rant During Set
e Mr. Met: Secret Service threatened me with 'kill shot'
e Christie Dances with Fallon – Could Hillary Be Next? [POLL/VIDEO]
e Second Teaser Trailer Released, “The Hunger Games: Mockingjay – Part 1  ...
e Peaches Geldof's husband Thomas Cohen pays tribute to 'beloved' late wife
e FX's 'Fargo' Debuts Strong With More Than 4 Million Viewers
t Oculus joins Apple, Microsoft, Google in creating their own developer conference
e Miley Cyrus ill, postpones US tour until August
m Gluten-free people don't know what gluten is
e Fr Flanagan: How a humble priest became a star
e Showbiz News Angelina Jolie reacts to Queen's Birthday Honour
e Choosing A Champion: Tyrion Forges An Unlikely Alliance On 'Game of Thrones  ...
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Deals: Verizon Model At Half The Price ($99.99)
e MTV Video Music Awards: Beyonce leads nominations
b US Treasury Seen Loser in Tax-Avoiding Pfizer Move to UK
e Juan Pablo on backlash: 'Bachelor' Juan Pablo tweets post-show, angers fans
t Apple Launches Evil Plan to Steal Carriers' Customers
b 3000 Chinese in Vietnam have returned to China: official
e Chicken Cup sets Chinese art auction record with $39m sale
e KStew, Hathaway, Larson appear in Jenny Lewis' music video
b Wal-Mart profit falls 5 percent
b Time Warner Inc. Updates 2014 Full-Year Business Outlook
m Study: Test tells whether chest pain is heart attack
t Astronauts Laugh And Joke After Swift Repair Job
e Avengers Age of Ultron: Mark Ruffalo Shares Set Photos
t T-Mobile adds more than 1M customers for its fifth quarter in a row
e Game of Thrones: Breaker of Chains live chat recap 0
e News Nuggets: Watch the 'SNL' mocking of Jay-Z, Solange elevator fight
e New TV Spot for Edge of Tomorrow (Video)
t Plane diverted during online Sony PlayStation gaming attack
b Dreamliner judged safe after review
m 1.8m pounds of ground beef recalled due to E.coli contamination
e Larry Wilmore takes over for Colbert (eventually)
e Lana Del Rey splits from her Scottish rocker boyfriend Barrie-James O'Neill  ...
t New dinosaur discovered, nicknamed 'chicken from hell'
t BlackBerry posts Q4 loss of US$423m in fiscal year
e Singer pulls out of X-Men promos
t At VidCon, YouTube shows off lots of new creator-focused tools & features
b Chernin Group, ATamp;T Invest $500M to Build a New Netflix or Hulu
t Facebook reveals 'Nearby Friends' feature
t HTC One mini 2 images leaked online
b Election surge gives EU a headache
m Now, simple blood test to predict risk of attempting suicide
t Portland Gets One Step Closer To Getting Google Fiber
b China's demand for gold pushes India into second place
m Update: Ebola ruled out in case of sick Saskatoon man, says official
b Benghazi Is Such a Non-Issue That Hillary's Democrat Party Enablers Are  ...
t GM announced recalls for 430K vehicles
t Apple, Samsung, Google, HTC to adopt anti-theft 'kill-switch' in smartphones
e The woman who put her abortion on YouTube
t GM: Damage control is one thing ...
t A brief history of Nokia: From a paper mill, to the world's biggest mobile company  ...
e VIDEO: Guardians Of The Galaxy fan verdicts
t Is Apple Still Number One?
t Flappy Bird ready to fly again
t Google to acquire drone-maker Titan Aerospace
b Covered California says exchange health plan costs will rise an average of 4.2  ...
m President Obama taps OMB director to head up health agency
t OnePlus One Camera Samples Surface
e More details emerge on why Rob bailed on Kim's wedding at the last moment!
e Erykah Badu crashes newscast
e 4th of July 2014 Fireworks: How to Watch Macy's Livestream Online
b 16 June: Gazprom puts Ukraine on gas prepay plan
e 10 Things We Can't Believe 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' Got Away With
e Robert Downey Jr. -- Son Arrested for Coke Possession
t Google Glass Goes On Sale In UK For £1000
e Rosie O'Donnell on OWN's Lindsay Lohan Reality Show: 'A Tragedy -- on Every  ...
e 3 Reasons Why You Shouldn't Be Upset About The How I Met Your Mother Finale
e 'How I Met Your Mother' finale: Legen ... wait for it ... dary?
t Report: Amazon Phone Exclusively at AT&T
e Prepare for your world to be turned upside down: Turns out Hello Kitty isn't a cat  ...
t Facebook Makes $2 Billion Virtual-Reality Bet With Oculus
t Daimler and Nissan invest $1.36 bln to develop, build small cars
t 'I will not work with Facebook... they seem creepy to me'
e Wiz Khalifa Explains How He Lied To Take Selfie In Jail Cell, Alter Ego + More  ...
m Gorilla born at San Diego Zoo Safari Park is improving
e On set Video: JJ Abrams gives you the chance to Appear in Star Wars Episode VII
e Mila Kunis talks baby plans and Ashton Kutcher engagement on 'The Ellen  ...
b Report: US Home Construction Drops 9.3 Percent in June
t Microsoft to make Surface Mini announcement on 20 May?
b The American Consumer Is Keeping the Economy Alive
e Joan Rivers Slams Lena Dunham's Weight for Advocating Obesity, Diabetes
b India's manufacturing production increases for eighth successive month
t FCC Extends Comment Time For Net Neutrality Docket
t Diablo 3 Auction House Finally Goes Offline
t East Coast Flooding Increasing as Coastal Sea Levels Rise
b Corn, Soybean Conditions Stabilize on Good Crop Weather -- USDA
b EUROPE MARKETS: European Shares Up; AstraZeneca Surges On M&A Prospect
t Santa Clarita Amateur Radio Club Participates In 24 Hour Field Day Event
b Treasurys rise on Dudley comments, positioning
e Yahoo saves 'Community' show
t Samsung 2014 4K, curved TVs will cost as much as you think they will
b The 4 big right-wing lies about inequality
t Google Glass' Lead Electrical Engineer Adrian Wong Defects To Oculus
e Newest Statistics from CPSC Show That Firework Related Injuries Have Increased
e Get the Most Popular Beauty World News Stories in a Weekly Newsletter
e Man Alone in Airport Films Video to Celine Dion's Cover of 'All By Myself' [VIDEO]
e 'Captain America's' Chris Evans Says He's Ready to Leave Acting Behind
t New ads on Google to boost mobile-app makers
t Is Microsoft ready to shrink its Surface tablet?
e 'Bears' documentary an impressive feat
m Global drug use stable, but nearly 200000 drug-related deaths still recorded  ...
b Heartbleed is no excuse: File your taxes today before it's too late
m New sunscreen, to be drunk not applied
m Relay for Life of Best Southwest announced, seeks volunteers
e The Walking Dead Season 4: What Happened to Michonne's Son?
m Polio declared an international emergency
t Samsung Galaxy Note 8 vs LG G Pad 8.3: Hopefully find the perfect fit for you
t Civilization Beyond Earth is the Firaxis game reveal
e Securing a signal
t How much will shift to green energy slow growth? Not much, says UN.
b Google EPS Estimates Cut by UBS AG (GOOG)
e Ariana Grande Discusses 'Falling Out of Touch with My Dad'
b ETFs With The Most Exposure To Microsoft Corporation [Technology SPDR (ETF  ...
m Recent heavy rains lead to new warnings about West Nile virus
b Consumers Begin March Feeling More Gloomy
b Oil Spill Anniversary: FSU Experts Available to Discuss Impact of Spill Four  ...
b Fed minutes show officials split on best way to signal when first rate increase  ...
b Pilgrim's Pride seeks $6.4 bn deal with Hillshire
e Spears Sued By Back-Up Dancer Who Claims Singer Broke Her Nose
t As wearables flounder, Google struggles to dispel Glass 'myths'
b Box IPO: What's it mean for @levie's Twitter feed?
b Pew Study: Newspapers Account for 60 Percent of Total News Revenue
t N7100XXUFNE1 Android 4.4.2 KitKat Stock Firmware Arrives for Galaxy Note 2
m Disease-carrying ticks expanding into northern regions of state
b Holiday Travel Prediction
b Give consumers a choice to opt out of GMO foods
b People can still buy a health insurance policy and avoid penalty
t The end of gimmicks?
m US Government Approves Study: Marijuana Treatment For PTSD Veterans
t Expiration of Windows XP Support: Who Is Going To Suffer
t Microsoft set to announce Surface Mini
b Family Dollar investing $50M to cut prices
t Facebook's Sheryl Sandberg apologizes for playing with our newsfeeds
t Report: An 8GB iPhone 5C Launches Tomorrow
b Broad Markets Shed Losses
e Harrison Ford Injured on the Set of 'Star Wars: Episode 7'? Our Interview With  ...
e Legendary star Mickey Rooney dies at 93
e Resurrection is real
e Steve Martin scotches Father of the Bride III rumours
e Will Mad Men find its mojo in Season 7?
e Kim Kardashian slips into seriously tight outfit for ice cream date
b Barnes & Noble closes the book on Nook
e 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' Refreshing Take on Superhero Movies
m To Your Health: Take steps today toward a healthier life
t Samsung Galaxy S4 vs. Sony Xperia Z1: former flagship battle
b Behind Alibaba IPO is unlikely China success story
e Miranda Kerr Hints at Bisexuality for Naked 'British GQ' Cover!
b NTSB chair: Asiana pilots relied too much on automation
b Chinese Market Gets Demolished
b Mideast airline Etihad offers luxury suites
m Smoked bacon? It's one of 7700 new e-cigarette flavours…
m De Blasio touts housing initiative for low-income residents with HIV, AIDS
e Guardians Of The Galaxy Will Resurrect Your Faith In Summer Blockbusters
t Samsung Launches Galaxy S5 Mini Smartphone
t PR Newswire
e South African Anti-Apartheid Author, Nobel Winner Gordimer Dies At 90
b 288000 New Jobs in June Add Up to 2.5 Million This Year, Most in Eight Years
t GM Recalls Top 20M Globally for Year
t TWC, Comcast could shed $20bn to make deal
e Angelina Jolie is reportedly 'getting ready' to undergo a hysterectomy
e Steven Spielberg's next movies set: spy thriller, 'BFG'
e Johnny Weir and Husband: It's Over!
b Taco Bell launches breakfast menu
b US Supreme Court backs Obama's carbon regulations
b Spain's deflation rate of 0.2 per cent ups pressure on European Central Bank to  ...
t Microsoft PT Raised to $46.00 (MSFT)
m NHS ranked as 'best in the world' in new study
e Lorde, Ellie Goulding and Lily Allen pay tribute to Peaches Geldof
b Nollywood Accounts For 1.2% Of Nigerian GDP
e Here's What's at Stake in Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin's Multimillion-Dollar  ...
e Game of Thrones S04E03 recap and review: 'Breaker of Chains'
t NEW YORK AUTO SHOW: I SPY The 2015 Hyundai Sonata's INTERIOR — Can  ...
t Amazon Appstore offering a multitude of free Android apps this weekend
t Subscription eBook service Oyster launches first app for Android devices
e 'Women are funny, but I have a problem with them'
e Transformers tops holiday list
t Obama leaves loophole open for NSA to exploit zero-day vulnerabilities
t Edsel Ford And Ford Racing NASCAR Drivers Comment On Favorite Mustang  ...
e Zac Efron: Matthew McConaughey sat me down like a big brother
e Rihanna's ladylike elegance
b U.S. Stocks Advance on Economic Confidence Amid Ukraine Crisis
t Ford Mustang turns 50: Classic Mustangs through the years
e Coachella death: Young woman dies of apparent overdose
t Why Apple Wants Beats
b US Data Could Drive The Euro Lower
e Shailene Woodley and 'Divergent' Cast Boyfriend Theo James Set to Film  ...
b Obamacare enrollment hits critical 6 million milestone
b Royal Dutch Shell plc (ADR) Now Covered by Jefferies Group (RDS.A)
t T-Mobile bilked customers out of millions, feds allege
b Sky in acquisition talks with German & Italian sisters
t EBay deletes call to change passwords
e 'Game of Thrones' Season 4 Spoilers: Episode 2 Features Infamous 'Purple  ...
e Recap: Will Ferrell and Chad Smith's 'Tonight Show' Drum-Off, Plus Surprise  ...
e New Michael Jackson album 'Xscape' to be released in May
m Mother's Day and Birthdays: A Wish for Young Women
b Latest objects need to be checked before linking to missing jet, Australians say
e Expendables 3 stars storm Cannes with tanks
t First look at the HTC One M8: From design to performance, there's a lot to like in  ...
e Kanye West and Pia Mia Didn't Have an Affair
e US actress Ruby Dee dead at 91
b Gold price holds steady, palladium pushes on in quiet July 4 trade
m Son of American fighting Ebola speaks out
e Avril Lavigne Dons a Cupcake Skirt + Freaks Out About Sushi in 'Hello Kitty  ...
b World News Jet search moved to new area
b AT&T could make deal for DirecTV: DJ
e 'Scandal' Season 3 Episode 15 Spoilers Preview First Look [VIDEO] at Fitz and  ...
b AT&T's $500 Million Plan to Crush Netflix and Hulu
b Tesla strikes key sales deal with NY officials
t White House, spy agencies deny NSA exploited 'Heartbleed' bug
b Dow's 2014 gains erased on US and global fears
m African Viral Disease Spreads
t Destiny gameplay trailer previews next week's beta
b Non-Farm Payroll May Cool Down the Gold and Silver Market
t Arkansas Weekly Gas Price Update and Outlook
b Scotland goes local for climate fight
e Celeb Love: Kourtney Kardashian Pregnant With Baby No. 3!
t Samsung calls iPhone users 'wall huggers'
e Let's Talk About That Traumatizing 'How to Train Your Dragon 2' Scene
e Footloose with Kevin Bacon Dances The Tonight Show
e 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' Trailer: Bigger, Badder, And More Hulk-Like Than  ...
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4: What We Know So Far [UPDATED Week 19]
b Yen firmer at month-end, clings to gains as BOJ stands pat
e Late Nirvana Frontman Kurt Cobain Celebrated With New 'Tribute' Comic Book
e Film Review: Latest 'X-Men' film is worthwhile ride
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S and Apple iPad Mini with Retina Display comparison in  ...
t Oracle To Buy Micros Systems For About $5.3B
t Google blesses Uber with iOS, Android Maps integration
b Snapchat valued at more than $10 billion
m Court rejects new cases on birth control coverage
e Solange Finally Just Gave Her First Statement About That Whole Elevator Thing
m FDA Says Daily Dose Of Aspirin May Not Be Safe For Everyone
e Trace Adkins, Wife Rhonda Adkins Getting Divorced
b National Australia Bank posts 16 pct profit hike
t The eBay user's dtata stolen
t GM tells Chevy dealers to quit delivering Cruze compacts
b Brent crude oil prices near two-month high at $115 a barrel
e Brad Pitt speaks out on attacker
m MERS patient may be released from hospital
t NASA gets the green light to build its next Mars Rover
t The Samsung Galaxy K Zoom is a camera/smartphone mash-up
e Donald Levine: Creator of The Word's First Action Figure, G.I. Joe, Dies
t NeRD E-Reader For The Navy
e Adrian Mole' British author Sue Townsend dies aged 68
e Gabriel Garcia Marquez dies at 87
t 'Bigfoot' hair samples mostly from bears and wolves, DNA tests show
t New Recalls Add to GM's Troubles, Affect Close to 2.5M Vehicles, Including  ...
t Samsung Galaxy K works its zoom in latest leak
t Michigan gas prices rise 2 cents over past week
e CBS Signs THE BIG BANG THEORY to a New Three Season Deal
t First egg hatches in Pittsburgh bald eagle's nest
e 'Noah' sails to top of box office chart
e Wiz Khalifa arrested for marijuana possession: Rapper shares his experience  ...
t Obama promotes math, tech aid at science fair
m Run for Your Life? Right!
m Malecare Launches Living With Prostate Cancer Survey
m Concerns about potential MERS pandemic rise with recent increase in cases
e Jonah Hill sorry for gay slur aimed at paparazzo
t Five sites shortlisted for Rosetta's comet landing
t Apple and Google's Moto Settle All Patent Litigation, but No Cross-Licensing
m Gilead (GILD) Weak In Early Morning Trading
b Improved economy leaves millions behind
e Watch: Nirvana reunite with guest vocalists at Rock and Roll Hall of Fame  ...
t Galaxy S5-Rivalling Tesco Smartphone and Hudl 2 Confirmed
b Russian Courts Close 3 McDonald's Branches in Moscow
e The Amazing Spider-Man-2: An Amazing Movie Let Down?
t Can Ray-Ban's manufacturer make Google Glass hip?
b The Fed, the “Dot Plot,” and a Cocktail Fork Chart
e Beyoncé graces the cover of Time's '100 Most Influential People' issue
b Mario Draghi's Favorite Joke
t Web security firms pledge to patch XP 'vulnerability'
t Now, share your exact location with Facebook friends
b HSH, PF, PCC: Hillshire Brands Soars on Deal News
b Live: Malaysia Airlines flight MH317 crashes in Ukraine
t Snag delays arrival of Soyuz spacecraft carrying Russian-American crew at  ...
t Verizon Samsung Galaxy S4 Android 4.4.2 KitKat Update Released News
m New hope for embattled STAP cell researchers?
e Once Upon a Time Casts Key Frozen Roles
e Family of 'The Duke' sues Duke University over name
e Pastor's Corner
b Disney Joins List of Companies Lobbying For Commercial Use of Drones
e Angelina Jolie Named As Honorary Dame For Her Work Against Sexual Violence
b Mostly positive US earnings send stock futures up
t iPhone killer Samsung Galaxy Alpha
b ABB Ltd.: 2014-03-20: ABB named as one of the world's most ethical companies  ...
e Critical Intent: Roger Ebert's Life on Film
b US STOCKS-S&P 500 and Nasdaq gain, but investors cautious
b IMF cuts US growth forecast and recommends 'continued policy support'
t First impressions: Microsoft Office for iPad
e Stars Respond To The Loss Of Ruby Dee [TWEETS]
t New Fossil Suggests More Complex Evolution for Feathers and Flight
b General Motors recalling 824000 more small cars for faulty ignition switches
e Source Founder Benzino Shot While Attending Mother's Funeral
e Michael Costello Reveals Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Wedding Fashion  ...
e Peaches Geldof Dead — Model Dies At 25
e LISTEN: Pitbull & Jennifer Lopez Debut "We Are One (Ola Ola)" For Brazil World  ...
b Rally targets state health care ; Participants advocate Kansas receiving federal  ...
b Credit Suisse Settles Mortgage Litigation for $885 Million
e 'Extant': Sci-fireworks from CBS
b An Alibaba IPO means lots of cash for Yahoo to spend on more acquisitions
t Facebook Joins LGBT Pride Celebrations With New Messenger Stickers
e Macklemore Criticized For Wearing Offensive Jewish Caricature Costume In A  ...
b BlackBerry CEO confirms Bold 9900 re-release, three new 'high-end' smartphones
t Sprint chairman Son confirms interest in T-Mobile
m Man granted dying wish to visit the zoo giraffes that he loved
m Ebola: EU raises Ebola funding in West Africa to €1.9m
t Google Announces Android Wear OS For Its Upcoming Smartwatches
t Microsoft's Windows 8.1 updates also tweak Windows Server 2012
t Microsoft plans 18000 job cuts
t The idea of Apple behind 'Smart Home' automation integration in iOS 8
t UPDATE 3-Adviser says China considers cap on CO2 emissions, possible  ...
e The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back  ...
b Russian gas price for China to exceed preliminary estimates – source
e Kim Kardashian's Cute Message For North's Birthday & Father's Day
t Nike exits from wearable technology market
b Yen Surges to a Three-Week High as Chinese Exports Decline
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West to marry privately in U.S. before France wedding  ...
e Captain America: The Winter Soldier sets April box office record, Captain  ...
b How Putin won big in China
e Star Wars production to halt for fortnight over Harrison Ford's injury
t Daimler and Nissan to invest US$1.36b to develop, build small cars
e Film review: Godzilla steps out of the blockbuster gate
e State denies extension for Los Alamos cleanup
t Apple announces new range of colourful iPod Touch, 64GB variant now at
e Mentone Baptist Church reminds people that Easter is about more than just  ...
b Viral Ad Video Of Week: Food Fight Gets Buzz
t Net Neutrality: No Demilitarized Zone
t Support for Microsoft Windows XP to end
b Bank of America fined $1.3B over risky mortgages
m Your Anti-Bacterial Soap Could Actually Be Making You Sick
t HTC One M8 revealed: Snapdragon 801, Duo Camera, 5-inch screen, aluminum  ...
t Expanded DNA Alphabet Moves from Test Tube to Life Form
t UK regulators probe Facebook experiment
t Samsung: Does it need a mobile makeover?
e Actress and filmmaker Jodie Foster marries girlfriend
b S&P 500 marks another milestone
t Earth-like Planet Discovered in Binary Star System
t US, UK advise netizens to avoid Internet Explorer
e [Video] 'Girl Meets World' Trailer Introduces Cory and Topanga's Daughter
m Both Men and Women are Less Stressed Out at Work than at Home: Study
m CDC: Autism Diagnosed in 1 in 68 American Children
b UPDATE 1-BES warns of possible legal breaches, vows to raise capital
t Astronomers find new mini-planet in solar system's backyard
t VIDEO: Facebook Takes Page Out Of Google Playbook With Oculus Deal
b Australia announces bilateral trade deal with Japan
b General Motors Appoints New Vice President Of Communications
e What makes you happy on International Happiness Day
m Computers learn to identify 21 distinct facial expressions
m Children Taking Stimulants for ADHD at Increased Risk of Obesity: Study
e Robin Thicke Will Debut A New Song For Wife Paula Patton At The BBMAs  ...
e New Game Of Thrones Season 5 Definitely Happening,New Spoilers Coming  ...
b Judge Orders Bank of America to Pay $1.27 Billion in 'Hustle' Case
m US Senate panel scolds TV's Dr. Oz over diet claims
b Two X-Factors for U.S. Petroleum
e Taylor Swift's garden and Miley's missing brain – plus the rest of today's breaking  ...
t BlackBerry is getting Amazon's catalog of 200000 Android apps
e Singer Miley Cyrus' home burgled
b Zillow To Keep Trulia Brand Intact
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4: Specs leak, price too early to speak
e VIDEO: Watch Michael Jackson's Hologram Performance from the Billboard  ...
e Police: Shooting on MLK Boulevard
m Portland Boil Water Order In Effect 'Until Further Notice'
b Tim Hortons, Burger King Deal: Businesses Confirm Talks For Potential  ...
t Is GM the next target?
e #CancelColbert: Comedian Stephen Colbert under fire for racially offensive  ...
t Google+ Now Shows The Number Of Times Your Content Has Been Viewed, But  ...
b In Yellen We Trust Is Bond Mantra as Inflation Dismissed
e Finale of 'How I Met Your Mother' tossed the sink at fans
t Google set to invade the world's cars
m DARPA-funded DEKA arm system earns FDA approval
b A Low VIX Does Not Mean High Complacency
t Galaxy S5 Price Announced for US Carrier, Release Date Coming Soon
b GOOG: 5 Things to Know About Google Shopping Express
t UN climate chief urges bold carbon-curbing steps
e Sopranos Creator David Chase FINALLY Reveals What Happened To Tony!
b Tesla Motors Inc Has Many Options In Battle With Dealers
t Google Offered to Help Samsung in its Patent Battles with Apple
m Fight Colorectal Cancer Advocates Raise Nationwide Awareness of Colorectal  ...
e Movie review: 'Transcendence' not boring, but not plausible, either
t Study: Samsung's Apps Are Ubiquitous but Unloved
t Gas Prices Inch toward $4 a Gallon: Ways to Save
e Critics describe reality show staring Exeter man as Prince Harry as "shameless"
b Guess the only country that spends more on export finance than the US
e Fox Made a Fake Prince Harry Dating Show
b Gold slips as equities strengthen
b Tri-State Area Gas Prices Soar Ahead Of Fourth Of July
b Consumer Confidence Rises in June
m The South prescribes more painkillers, CDC says
e Tatum and Hill mock it up in 22 Jump Street
b Japan, Australia reach FTA, security agreements
m Exact Sciences Announces FDA Advisory Committee Unanimously  ...
t LG G3 is coming on May 27
e HBO signs exclusive first OTT content deal with Amazon
e 'The Bachelorette' recap: Real-life tragedy intrudes on reality-show romance
b Fed hopes to avoid confusion seen in March
m Therapy dogs help returning troops deal with postwar stress
b Pound to Australian Dollar (GBP/AUD) Exchange Rate Extends Decline as  ...
e Review: '22' is 'exactly the same' as '21' — so be ready to laugh
b Asian Shares Rise; Nikkei Rebound Continues -- Update
e Khloe Kardashian and French Montana Dating: Couple Walks First Red Carpet  ...
e Brainzilla: An Indie Director Brings Meaning to This Monster
m Ebola Scare in Africa Brings Concern to Rochester
b Co-Owner of Bitcoin-Linked Sites Settles SEC Case
b The Hawk: Raise interest rates soon
t Time for a 'Privacy Checkup,' says Facebook
b Airbnb targets business travelers, inks partnership with Concur
b Hague court orders Russia to pay over $50 billion in Yukos case
t FCC chairman to revise net neturality rules
e 'Divergent' Director Neil Burger Explains Why He Won't Return for the Sequel
m Chikungunya coming to the US? What you need to know about the vi - DC News  ...
t Panasonic, Tesla to build major US battery plant
b Pilgrim's Pride Makes Play For Hillshire – $6.4 Billion
e Nick Lachey
b Ronald McDonald's new mission? To tweet and take selfies with fans (VIDEO)
e Billboard Music Awards: Nicki Minaj, Kendall Jenner Wear Cutouts on the Carpet
t Android Wear Bug Is Preventing Users From Installing Paid Apps
b HP close to settle disputes with shareholders over Autonomy deal
e Bryan Singer's Accuser Names 3 Other Entertainment Heads in Lawsuit
b Ikea Raises Its Minimum Wage to $10.76* an Hour
e 'Godzilla' largest opener of the year with $93M
e Your Favorite 'Mad Men' Characters Then and Now
t New deal: buy an AT&T HTC One M8 and get a Fitbit for $50 off
b Marijuana legalization activists turn in petition to put measure on DC ballot
m Bone marrow transplant helps people fighting sickle cell
t Less plastic debris floating on ocean surface than believed: study
e Chick-fil-A offers special events July 10-11
b EU 'convinced' Russia, Ukraine gas deal still possible
m Too many patients are getting unnecessary brain scans
e HBO & BBC Team Up For 'The Casual Vacancy' Miniseries
t Apple's iWatch Has Trademark Problems With Swatch and the iSwatch And  ...
m WHO says no need for Saudi travel ban
t PS4 Vs. Xbox One Sales: Last-Gen Gamers Are Opting For Sony Over Microsoft
m Conor Friedersdorf: Dangerous mistakes are inevitable
m Research roundup: New medical coding system; choosing a hospice; revamping  ...
t Amazon phone release pegged for September, glasses-free 3D display in tow
t Musk Files Suit To Overturn EELV Award
e Academy of Country Music Awards – full winners list 9:50AM
t NOKIA LUMIA 930 REVIEW
m Getting angry with your spouse? Quick, eat something!
e Macklemore Defends Concert Costume Against Accusations of Anti-Semitism
b Corporate cheer for stocks, policy frontier for euro
t Skype Is Getting Real-Time Translation Later This Year Language Barrier?
b Whole Foods is coming to Buffalo
b GameStop Corp. (GME) news: Ripple effects from Wal-Mart's used game play
t IHS Automotive: SUVs and crossovers are outselling sedans in US market
e Elisabeth Hasselbeck: Rosie O'Donnell 'Spit In The Face Of The Military'
b FxPro Daily Outlook - Monday, 14 April 2014
m Veteran Marijuana Study Wins Federal Backing
e Hello Hamptons! Khloe Kardashian lands in New York in preparation for filming  ...
e Mad Men Recap: The Wild Bunch
b SAP AG (SAP) Appoints Two New Directors
b Emirates finalises order for 150 Boeing planes
t Google co-founder wants people to work less, have robots pick up the slack
e Mania Box Office Report: Transformers, again
b Why the Jill Abramson Firing Hits Home for All Women
b Amazon wants to make online shopping as easy as a tweet
t Is Marissa Mayer interested in buying AOL?
b Gold Rebounds From a Three-Week low as India Imports Gain
e Paul Simon and Edie Brickell Domestic Violence Case Dropped
b Posted by Imaduddin
t FCC Chairman Wheeler Appoints Commission Staff To Investigate Internet  ...
b Why Walmart Cannot Grow in America
e Michael Jace Is Officially Charged With The Murder Of His Wife!
e 'Chimerica,' 'Book of Mormon' win at Oliviers - WNEM TV 5
e RECAP: Mad Men: “Time Zones”
e Pharrell + Missy Elliott Mash Up 'Come Get It Bae' + 'Pass That Dutch' at 2014  ...
t Saturn moon Titan's 'magic island'
t HP, Foxconn launch cloud server joint venture
e Infographic: Spotify says Australians love to love, keep fit
e Dancing With The Stars: Week 3 recap (2014)
b Mark Fields steps in as Ford's CEO
t 2005-2010 Honda Odyssey Recalled For Fuel Leaks
e Most Shared Facebook Stories Of The Week!
e It's Too Soon To Make a Bowe Bergdahl Movie
t App folders could be coming to future version of Windows Phone 8.1
m WHO certified India as Polio Free country
e Film Review: Godzilla
e CS Video Interviews: Bringing James Brown Back to Life in Get on Up
e Coachella 2014: Plenty of creature comforts at campgrounds
b Fed Tapers Bond Purchases by $10 Billion
e 'Gone Girl' Trailer Reveals Neil Patrick Harris' Creepy New Role As Alleged  ...
t HTC Finally Makes The 2014 HTC One M8 Official
b Priceline to Acquire OpenTable
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West tie the knot in Florence
t Net Neutrality Is Almost Dead, And Here's Why You Should Care
m Marijuana linked to cardiovascular disease risk
m Review reveals big rise in Saudi MERS deaths
e 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2' is all style and no substance
b Russia-China gas deal seen lowering LNG prices
m Hawaii mom in coma after having wisdom teeth removed
e Boy scouts rescue Ann Curry
b Breach costs Steinhafel his job at third-largest retailer
m Cigarettes are more deadly and even attractive to kids
b US STOCKS-Wall St ends flat after six-day rally, energy rises
t Facebook workforce diversity report shows it is low on female employees
b Health care firms boost stocks
e Report: L'Wren Scott's funeral to be held in Los Angeles
b Russia says EU should be 'ashamed' over sanctions
e Justin Bieber, Selena Gomez: Who's 'Sex-Obsessed,' 'Cheating'? [Report]
e Topless Cara Delevingne and girlfriend Michelle Rodriguez make out in Mexico
t Motorola reveals Moto E, even cheaper than the Moto G
e Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban perform duet at children's hospital
b Argentina's vice president charged with corruption
b AOL To Offer One-Stop Shopping for Ad-Tech With Single Platform
b Coast Guard: BP spill at Indiana plant released 9 to 18 barrels of oil into Lake  ...
t Sid Meier's Civilization: Beyond Earth announced as spiritual successor to Alpha  ...
t Future Of The Internet Worrisome For Some Web Experts
b Hong Kong's 'referendum' -- 6 things to know
e Arnold Schwarzenegger - Arnold Schwarzenegger Trained With Swat Team For  ...
b Virgin America to file for US IPO
t Son's Challenge to Cable Won't End T-Mobile Deal Scrutiny
e 4 Big Godzilla Problems We Need To Address
t Nintendo Posts Losses, But Remains Bizarrely Optimistic
b Lukoil Starts Iraq Oilfield as Output Reaches 35-Year High (1)
b Environment: EPA to take hard look at impacts of proposed open pit mine in  ...
e How Did Jessica Simpson Go From Pop Star to Business Billionaire?
e GI Joe creator Donald Levine dead at 86
t Harley-Davidson Roars Into Future With First Electric Motorcycle
e Harry Potter Spinoff "Fantastic Beasts and Where To Find Them" Will Be a Trilogy
b Square Begins Lending to Small Businesses
e Health concerns for Mick Jagger
e Gregg Allman Biopic Filmmakers Turn Themselves Into Police
m How strong is that drink? Calculator concocts answer
t Toyota Agrees To $1.2bn Deal To End Criminal Probe
t 512000 Camaros recalled, 'flaw can switch car off while being driven'
b Major Averages Close In The Red, Nasdaq Posts Substantial Loss
b US Mortgage Rates Fall With 30-Year at Two-Month Low of 4.27%
m PSHS 's Relay for LIfe
b Fracking blamed for Ohio earthquakes
e Video: "The Voice" Battle Rounds begin tonight
b Pittsburgh area banks robust in stress tests
e Captain America: The Winter Soldier London premiere: best red carpet looks
e Craig Ferguson announces retirement from late night
b Pandora Media Inc. (P) Is Pulling Back On Weak Q2 Forecast
b This Is Why Priceline Is Buying OpenTable for $2.6 Billion
b John Cena is WWE World Heavyweight Champion: Reasons to be Excited and  ...
e Ryan Gosling Tried To Get Rachel McAdams Fired On The Notebook Set
e Meet Anna: The real-life Elsa from Disney's "Frozen"
b US jury hits Takeda, Eli Lilly with $9B penalty - WNCN: News, Weather for  ...
t Nine tips to keep your passwords and personal information safe
t Surface Pro 3 128 GB ship date pushed back by 10 days for new orders
e Troian Bellisario Says GQ Bikini Pics Are 'Not Real'
b Carl Bildt critical of Putin's visit to Vienna
t Apple and Google call truce in smartphone patent war
e 'Two And A Half Men' To Have Gay Wedding, LGBT Responds
t Amazon announces big change for Kindle
e Justin Bieber Held For Questioning At LAX
t Kit Kat Update Approved for Rollout on the Sprint LG G2
b Terrifying moment two planes 'almost collided' at Barcelona airport caught on video
t Bloomberg: 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch iPhone 6 models could launch at the same time
b Dollar under ¥101.60 on Crimea crisis
t AT&T considers Atlanta for "gigabit" Internet
t Mayors pass climate ideas
t Unearthing Atari ET: why we need to dig up an old video game
e James Bobin : I am a big fan of Amitabh and Irrfan
b US rejects challenge to $13 bln JPMorgan Chase settlement
b Indiana's unemployment rate, at lowest level since 2008, drops below US average
b Kagan: Pay-TV Shed 251K Subscribers in 2013
t GM to Recall 3.16 Million Additional Cars
t YouTube To Acquire Streaming Service Twitch For $1 Billion
e Beyonce Fans Blasts Karrueche Tran for Mocking Blue Ivy's Hair
t Samsung Galaxy S3 Neo with 4.8-inch HD display launched at Rs. 26200
e Chris Pine Pleads Guilty To DUI, Loses License
e Earth to Echo Disguises a Formulaic Coming-of-Age Film with Sci-Fi Silliness
t Windows Phone 8.1 GDR1 update seeded as Microsoft plans launch for 2 devices
t Heartbleed Bug Vulnerabilities Pervasive In Health-Care Industry, Security  ...
e Man arrested after rushing Brad Pitt at 'Maleficent' premiere
e Amazon Instant Video is Getting Select HBO Programming Starting May 21
m CDC Says Teenage Birth Rates Have Hit Record Low; Are Shows Like '16 and  ...
m Roche and Exelixis herald a Phase III victory for their melanoma combo
t Is the Halo 5: Guardians Announcement a Delay or Just an Announcement?
b Relatives of missing Malaysian Flight MH370 passengers caught in 'scuffles' as  ...
e It's a 'Full House' reunion as Dave Coulier ties the knot
e Mickey Rooney dies aged 93
e Bell County pastor bitten months after father dies from snake bite
t F-150 Tops "Most American" List
e Miley Cyrus jokes about date rape at concert
e Charlie Sheen Slams Rihanna After the Singer Refuses to Meet His Fiancée  ...
b Airbnb could be worth $10 billion
b Alcoa Kicks Off Earnings Season with a Beat
e 'Bates Motel' Season 3 Announced by A&E
e 'Walking Dead' Season 4 Spoilers: Season Finale Synopsis Leaked Online  ...
e Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie Will Team Up For An Upcoming Movie
t Judge: US Search Warrants Apply to Emails Stored on Foreign Servers
b 4 Sectors to Avoid if You Think Oil Will Rise
t New Study Suggests Dinosaurs Were Neither Warm-Blooded Nor Cold-Blooded
m WHO declares India a polio-free nation
b SF City Attorney: Apps To Rent Public Parking Places “Unfair,” Can Net Users  ...
e John Green's Other Novels: A Hollywood Update
b URGENT - Malaysia Airlines Plane Air Force Inquiry
b No plane wreckage found where 'pings' were heard
e Tom Cruise dating Laura Prepon? Syracuse native linked to fellow Scientologist  ...
b OECD trims global growth forecast to 3.4%
t Mass. gas prices trickle down a penny
t Can your Windows XP computer upgrade to Windows 7, 8.1?
b Business Highlights
e Actor Andy Serkis says viewers don't understand technology behind role in  ...
e Taylor Swift Keen To Heal Rift With Selena Gomez, But Brunette 'Isn't Ready  ...
t Microsoft's Phil Spencer says "Xbox is our gaming brand," E3 isn't for Windows
t Will 'Connected Health' Finally Live Up To Its Name?
e Extant TV Show Review: Halle Berry as Pregnant Astronaut (+Sneak Peek Video)
t Electric car maker making moves beneficial to Eastern Sierra
b Dow snaps win streak as investors take a break from record runs
e Zendaya drops out of Aaliyah TV biopic
b Chrysler posts first-quarter loss, begins shipping 200 midsize
m 'Fun' Images Of Hookah Make Students More Likely To Take A Puff
e Shield actor Michael Jace charged with wife's murder
b MH370 passenger's wife clings to hope
b EC Says Eurozone Deflation Risks Are Low
b Volkswagen can't afford another truck stop
t Meet Google's Own Self-driving Car That Will Change the Auto Market [Video]
e Angelina Jolie didn't think she'd have kids
e Delvin Choice vs Caleb Elder on The Voice: Watch Video, See Who Was  ...
b Ally files for IPO that could raise more than $3B - WNCN: News, Weather for  ...
m Endocyte (ECYT) Doubles on Successful Vintafolide Trial
b Asian shares, US dollar struggle on Ukraine anxiety
e Beyonce, Taylor Swift, Miley Cyrus: 5 Most Talked About Moments from the VMAs
m Wife of Jim Kelly says surgery 'not the best option' for husband's cancer
e Jonah Hill caught on camera using gay slur
b White House looks to regulate cow flatulence as part of climate agenda
t Happy National Pi Day
b STA responds to reports of possible policy changes for solar power
b 110 protestors arrested outside McDonald's HQ
b Burger King planning to expand Tim Hortons
b Obamacare costs drop, helps improve deficit picture
t Study: Only 39% of Web users changed passwords due to Heartbleed bug
b Greece returns to financial markets with first bond sale since 2010
t Gadgets, Technology, Smartphones, Tablets, Gaming
t Twitter lets users 'mute' unwanted tweets
t Samsung Gear 2, Gear 2 Neo smartwatches and Gear Fit band – Price, Features  ...
e Paul McCartney Helps New York Man Propose to Girlfriend
e 'Mrs. Doubtfire' Sequel in the works
b Tesco sees no respite as annual profit slumps
e Brad Pitt attacked on 'Maleficent' red carpet by man leaping from fan area
e You're About To Hear Rita Ora Cover Beyonce's Drunk In Love & Your Ears Will  ...
e How Game of Thrones conquered The Sopranos
b Coatue Bids Farewell to Noto Before He Starts
t Supreme Court Rejects Google's Petition to Dismiss US Wiretap Act Violation  ...
b Growth in advanced economies gains momentum: OECD
e Miranda Lambert Would 'Totally Fall Flat On My Face' If She Hosted An Awards  ...
b China pledges to push currency reform
b Barclays to shed 7000 more jobs
e Trailer for 'The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water' Makes a Splash
e BOOYAH! Ray Fisher is Cyborg in Batman Vs. Superman
m Girls Called 'Too Fat' at Age 10 More Likely to be Obese Years Later
e Veteran US actor Wallach, 98, dies
t New Emojis are here, now we just have to wait for Apple, Google and co. to  ...
m USC study shows teen 'sexters' are more likely to be sexually active
b Michaels, NextEra Partners IPOs Get Different Responses
b Wall Street flat at record levels
t Google Glass, a marketing yawn
t Facebook admits error with emotions study
t UFO sighting : Aldrin spotted UFO during 1969 Apollo 11 flight
e Justin Bieber Zone & Selena Gomez Relationship News Update 2014: On-and  ...
b Lancia future looks grim
b Memorial Day Road Trippers to Hit Near 10-Year High
e Seth Rogen And James Franco Make A Beautiful Couple While Spoofing Kimye  ...
t Titanfall Xbox One Resolution: Titanfall on Xbox One Resolution is 792p, "likely  ...
b Exclusive: States to probe Comcast plan to buy Time Warner Cable
t Will Amazon's Fire Phone kill mom and pop stores for good?
e Quentin Tarantino's Hateful Eight Script Leak Lawsuit Dismissed In Court
b CORRECTED-Wells Fargo profit rises 14 pct as costs fall
e 6 Viral-Marketing Lessons to Learn From the Ice Bucket Challenge
t VIDEO: Daily Show Tackles Google Glass 'Discrimination'
t GM recalling Camaros for ignition switch problem
e Black and white ruled the night at the Met Gala, with some stunners and  ...
e Justin Bieber battles lawyer in deposition video
t Aereo Supreme Court Ruling Winners: Big Cable & Media
b GM adds 971000 vehicles to ignition recall
e Fans Mark 5th Anniversary Of Michael Jackson's Death
m Super banana to face its first human trial
b Market News: Chipotle Mexican Grill, General Electric, SanDisk
e Wiz Khalifa arrested in Texas for marijuana possession
e Harry Potter going grey, says JK Rowling
b April 15 not much of a deadline for most taxpayers
b Gold price flat as Nato deploys Awacs to monitor Ukraine's borders
m Cruise ship arriving in Port of Los Angeles after dozens of passengers fall ill
e Fans React Negatively To New Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Trailer [PHOTOS]
e Observations on David Brenner
e 'Opie & Anthony' host fired over hateful tweets
e Chris Evans on Captain America's Evolution
e Jessica Meuse American Idol “Jolene” Video 4/23/14 #IdolTop6
e The Avengers: Age Of Ultron Delivers Concept Art Of Quicksilver And Scarlet Witch
t Ed Davey: Climate Group speech in full
b Toronto Stocks Close Higher as Industrials Continue to Gain
e Kim Kardashian to stop pretending discrimination isn't her problem
e Nature takes over in latest 'Dawn of the Planet of the Apes' trailer
b Apple close to buying headphone maker Beats
b Dow tops 17000 after strong jobs report
e 'Game of Thrones' Director on Bathtub Scene: Ramsay Is a 'Master of  ...
m Local churches, NAACP aim to prevent spread of HIV, AIDS
e The Other Woman a dreadfully drab chick flick
b China Mobile to increase handset subsidies 26 pct in 2014
t Samsung launches Galaxy S5; Gear 2, Gear 2 Neo and Gear Fit here too
m Endo, BioDelivery Post Positive Results In Phase III Trial Of BEMA Buprenorphine
m E-Cigarettes: A Closer Look
m Study: US Heroin Users Are Mostly White Suburbanites
b Malaysia flight MH370 search focuses on large debris in Indian Ocean
m CMS releases Medicare physician payment information, includes some nursing  ...
b Marissa Mayer Says Hiring Henrique De Castro Then Firing Him With A $58  ...
e Coachella 2014: Beck Gets Joyous
t Updated: Micro $299 3D Printer Passes $2M On Kickstarter In 3 Days
t Facebook outs Nearby Friends feature that will alert you when your buddies are  ...
t The Optimistic Futurist: Scientists' voices often lost amid politics
e John Legend + More Perform Lionel Richie Tribute at 2014 BET Awards
e Romi Pattison: Irish menu offers eclectic mix of flavors
e Novelist captured despair, outrage of apartheid
e This Guy Got Stuck In An Airport. What He Did Next Was Ridiculously Awesome  ...
b Courts close two McDonald's restaurants in Moscow for ninety days
b AT&T Strikes Deal for DirecTV Acquisition for $48.5 Billion
e The First Ever Trailer for 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' is Here!
e German man suspected of hoarding Nazi-looted art names Swiss museum as heir
b Inflation At Lowest Rate Since 2009
t Sergey Brin Vague on Whether Google Glass will be Commercially Available  ...
e Watch Sam Woolf Sing “It's Time” in American Idol 2014 Top 6 — April 23, 2014
b PRECIOUS-Gold above 6-week low; set for first monthly decline this year
m WHO, UNITAID jump into debate over high hep C drug costs
t Google Glass Features 12 New Apps
e Movie Review: 'Earth to Echo'
t Adidas To Print Favorite Photos on Your Shoes (VIDEO)
e 'Divergent' Inspires the Best and Worst Cliques in Pop Culture
e New Rumors on Nick Cannon, Mariah Carey Divorce: Is Mariah an Unstable  ...
b Netflix Wants to Stretch Its Lead Against Amazon With This Recent Move
b BofA Reaches Settlement With FHFA, NYAG
e Gotham Gets Its Official Series Order At Fox, Trailer Could Debut Tonight
t New damning proof comes to light in GM defective airbags case
b Top court OKs local drill bans
m Company gives 'experimental' drug to ailing 7-year-old St. Jude - Action News 5  ...
b ANALYSIS: Turkey Twitter ban backfires, turns spotlight on Erdogan By Shabtai  ...
b UPDATE 1-International drilling helps Halliburton beat estimates
e Miley's New Concert Dates Announced; Miley's Bangerz Tour is Back
b Was Jill Abramson Fired for Asking for Fair Pay?
t Researchers Find NSA Planted Two Spy Tools through RSA
b Yellen tells Congress US economy on course for solid growth
m Syria Refugees Denied Cancer Treatment, Officials Warn
t BlackBerry (BBRY) Confirms Partnership with Amazon (AMZN) App Store
b Both ways
e RIP Archie: comic book series to kill off Archie in upcoming death issue
m Insect-borne Lyme disease cases up sharply in Butler County
t Happy 50th Birthday to the Ford Mustang - A Quick Retrospect of Power
e AC/DC isn't retiring, yet.
e Fast & Furious 7 to use CGI and doubles to keep Paul Walker in the film
e Tame Tammy
t Microsoft Rushes To Fix Security Flaw In Explorer Browser
e Kim Kardashian Takes To Stage At Kanye West Gig And Flaunts Boobs In Sheer  ...
t Hands-on: LG G3 review
b Marijuana advocates press case for legalization at House committee hearing
e Three short films set the stage for Dawn of the Planet of the Apes
e Gallery: Billboard Awards 2014
e Why isn't Easter always on the same day every year?
t NSA posed as Facebook to infect computers with malware
e Movie clock
e Kanye West messes up with his wedding guests
e Orange is the New Black: Official Season Two Trailer [Watch Here]
e Tupac Shakur $8 million musical 'Holler If Ya Hear Me' flops on Broadway, set to  ...
b (Flight MH370) Presidential emissary heads to KL
t 1888 "City of Chester" Shipwreck Rediscovered
t IPCC scientists: UK leading world on climate adaptation
t Opera browser finds new niche: Nokia's Android-powered X family
t New evidence supports Big Bang Theory
e Pin-Up Photographer Bunny Yeager Dies
t Google could take weeks handling 'right to be forgotten' requests
m Binge drinking cause of 1 in 10 deaths in the US
b Yelp Beats Expectations, Strikes Profitability With Q2 Revenues Of $88.8 Million
m Six million South Africans living with HIV/Aids
t Heartbleed fixes could slow internet to a crawl
e Wyre: Foster mothering is a heart job
e Will 'Get On Up' Make You Stand Up and Cheer?
e Rolling Stones leave Perth but will return
b Wind, solar energy to get big push under Narendra Modi-led NDA
e Adrian Mole's best quotes: what are your favourites?
b Corn waste fuel isn't better than gas
e Gets All the Details on Johnny Depp's $125000 Matching 'Man-gagement Ring'
e War hero, Olympian, and subject of 'Unbroken' Louis Zamperini dies at 97
t Robert J. Samuelson commentary: We have no solution to halt global warming
b Whole Foods Confirms Downtown Indy Plans
m The Awesome Benefit Tied to Learning Another Language
e Review: Melissa McCarthy's Comedy 'Tammy' Hardly a Real Movie
t Android L for Sony Xperia Devices: New Boot Animation, New Keyboard and  ...
e 'Game Of Thrones' Season 4 Episode 6 Recap: Tyrion Lannister Confesses His  ...
t How the television industry should respond to the Aereo ruling
b Gas prices this weekend will be highest in six years
b Russia cuts gas supply to Ukraine amid mounting tensions, failed talks
t Instagram surpasses '200 million active users' milestone
t Male teen forced to remove make-up for first driver's license photo
t Court rules against Aereo in copyright case
t How To Root Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro 12.2 Running Android 4.4 KitKat
e Wes Anderson's best color palettes
b GM Getting Parts for Ignition Switch Repairs
b Caterpillar Accused of Not Paying All Its Taxes
e Pink Floyd announce first new album in 20 years
e 'DSK film' rocks Cannes - but not as much as the after-party
b Spawn Of Fannie And Freddie
m Children get seven minutes less sleep for every hour of TV they watch: Study
e Comic writer Sue Townsend, creator of teenage diarist Adrian Mole, dies at 68
b Levine on Wall Street: Ephemeral Valuations
t Climate change could wipe out wildlife and is 'major risk' to UK forests
t The EU's Right to Be Forgotten: When Is Legal Information Not Actually Legal?
m Ground Beef E. coli Recall Includes North Dakota Supervalu Stores
e 'Neighbors' poised to shock 'Amazing Spider-Man 2' at box office
m Sedentary lifestyle primary reason for obesity
t Staying up late Monday? See a rare 'blood moon'
b Airbnb's Funding Talks Value It at $10 Billion
e Hayden Panettiere Reportedly Pregnant With Her First Child
t Heartbleed Bug: Canada Arrests Teen for Alleged Data Theft on Tax Agency
t Facebook boosts ad tools arsenal with LiveRail video platform service
e Minecraft-Like Game and YouTube Personality Appear in Latest Lady Gaga  ...
t Heartbleed: Critical Internet security flaw puts two-thirds of the Web at risk
m Giant Panda Fools Researchers, Fakes Pregnancy So That She Gets  ...
e Weather Channel Returning to DirecTV With Less Reality TV
t Total lunar eclipse to be visible in US
b Walmart's sales and forecast fall short
b Weaker inflation could prompt ECB 'asset-buying'
e Q&A: Christine McVie Can't Wait for Fleetwood Mac World Tour
t Watch This Video And You'll Never Again Text While Driving
e Deryck Whibley's Alcoholism Puts Sum 41 Singer In Hospital: 'If I Have One  ...
t HP pushes forward with $1bn investment in open source cloud tech
e George Clooney slams story of in-law rift over religion
m The FDA Gives Sarepta Therapeutics Inc. a Way Forward: Now What?
b Fiat quarterly profit misses estimates as Latin America sales drop 21%
e Details of Peaches Geldof's final interview
e Record Store Appreciation Day Today [PHOTOS]
e Spotify wooing college students
m State efforts to combat West Nile have reduced cases
b US stocks extend declines amid global tension
e George Clooney defends the president after casino magnate Steve Wynn calls  ...
b Express's Overweight Rating Reaffirmed at JPMorgan Chase & Co. (EXPR)
e Fox Will Air a Live Production of 'Grease'
e 'Jem and the Holograms' movie cast includes Aubrey Peeples, 3 more stars
e 'Mad Men' Power Rankings, Episode 701: 'Time Zones'
b Pfizer drops its AstraZeneca bid
m The Jarring Link Between Foreclosure and Suicide
b Gov't calls US to 'take responsibility' for Griesa's actions
t Why this music junkie won't be subscribing to Beats
m Agent: Pistorius planned travel with girlfriend before killing
e Cable Companies Try To Head Off Internet TV With Scotus Suit
b Possible debris off Australia a "credible lead" for missing Malaysia jet
b Dick Bove: Fannie and Freddie Shouldn't Be Killed
e Has Eva Mendes confirmed she's pregnant with Ryan Gosling?
e French Montana Reportedly Abandoned His Wife & Child For Khloe Kardashian
e Game of Thrones The Lion and the Rose Breaks Torrent Records
m Rare 'mono mono' newborn twins diong well in Akron
m Parents Distracted By Smartphones Ignore Their Kids
b Citigroup shares drop on Fed-rejected capital plan
t Lawmakers assail FCC's net neutrality revamp
t Microsoft Offers $100 Discount to Switch from XP to Windows 8.1
b New research says more moms stay at home
e OPINION: Marquez Animated Jungles of Latin America
b 3 Options Available Ahead of Final Obamacare Deadline
m Company Reverses Course, Decides To Give Experimental Drug To Young Boy  ...
e Which star has landed herself in trouble after dissing Blue Ivy? 2:27PM
e 'Saturday Night Live': Andrew Garfield dares to not like Beyoncé, pays the price
t More purported T-Mobile Un-carrier 5.0 changes leak
e AP News in Brief at 10:58 pm EDT
m Prostate Cancer More Likely to be Aggressive in Younger Men
t Graco Issues Largest Car Seat Recall in US History
t Buzz Aldrin's 'out of this world' selfie is better than yours
e Kardashian Sister's Settle For $14 Million Hamptons Home After Being 'Rejected'
e Lionel Richie's Name Spelled Wrong During BET Awards
t Wright leads St Johnstone to victory
t Astronomers discover asteroid with Saturn-like rings
t In the news: Tesla sued in China, Intel developing connected device standard  ...
t Microsoft tightens privacy policy after admitting to reading journalist's emails
e Adam Levine Goes Platinum Blonde, Doesn't Care If Fans Think It Looks 'Creepy'
t Google Joins Hands With Novartis For Smart Contact Lenses
e Neil Patrick Harris and Jason Segel Sing Les Mis Duet
m China's Kids Get Exposed to Cigarette Smoke at Middle School, National Survey  ...
b Square dips into banking with quick loans for small businesses
e AMC's 'Walking Dead' Packs Yet Another Ratings Punch With Its Season Finale
t 'We cannot play a waiting game': UN climate chief urges bold steps
t Recall by Google's Nest Reveals 440000 Fire Alarms Shipped in US
e Former NCAA Gymnast Kacy Catanzaro Becomes First Woman to Conquer  ...
e Game of Thrones Season 4 Episode 6 Review – The Laws of Gods and Men
b IMF broaches risks of low inflation in latest edition of WEO
m Kicking butts
b Up to 510000 rally for full democracy for Hong Kong
b Wall Street Sell-Off Weighs On Europe, Technology Down
e Paul Walker's Mom Seeks Guardianship Of Granddaughter
b I'm 21 and feel guilty about how I shop — but what can I do?
e A fourth Transformers jackhammering at Michael Bay's hands is four too many
e Rock'n'rolling bedtime stories with Keef
b On EPA power to limit greenhouse gases, a Supreme Court compromise
m Worst outbreak of Ebola virus hits West Africa: Will it spread?
e Black Keys share new music with Hangout Fest's 'beach people'
t Android 4.4.2 KitKat Update Now Seeding to Samsung Galaxy Grand 2 in India  ...
b Vermont unemployment now 2nd lowest in US
t Microsoft Reveals Thinner, Lighter, Stronger Surface Pro 3
e Diddy changes name again, claims he's always been Puff Daddy
b Standard & Poor's revises Britain outlook to stable from negative
e Jonah Hill Uses Gay Slur, Offers Classy Apology
e Sherri Shepherd's Husband Serves Her With Divorce Papers
b $550 million SunTrust settlement could aid state homeowners
t iPhone 6 Case Compared to iPhone 5s, Nexus 5 and Galaxy Note 3 in New Video
t Bentley displays hybrid concept in Beijing
b Whole Foods Market (WFM) Announces Quarterly Earnings, Misses Estimates  ...
e California woman claims 'Depp defense'
e North Korea condemns Seth Rogen comedy 'The Interview'
b Rupert Murdoch's 21st Century Fox fails in audacious £47bn bid to buy rival  ...
t Gas prices among lowest in the country
b Twitter founders, CEO to keep shares after 'lockup'
e Bartenders break down the perfect tequila drink
t Audi to also offer Apple's CarPlay on its models
e Woman claims JetBlue crew forced child to urinate in seat
m Hepatitis A scare in Missouri
b Growing fears over tech valuations trigger downward slide in markets
b Applications for US jobless aid dip to 300000
b IMF's Lagarde put under formal investigation for negligence
m Pistorius murder trial to resume after 30-day observation at psychiatric hospital
b Postal workers to protest USPS privatization at Clawson Staples store
t Android L Developer Preview factory images posted for Nexus 5, Nexus 7 (2013)
b Foreign Ministry Spokesperson Hong Lei's Remarks on the Severe Violence in  ...
m Can Young Blood Reverse Aging in Old Mice?
m Study states too much sitting can cause certain types of cancer
t Briefcase
e 'X-Men' Director Bryan Singer Accused of Sexual Assault
e Mickey Rooney, Actor Who Charmed Audiences For More Than 80 Years, Dies
t Apple's iPhone 6 could be bigger and cheaper because of declining sales, court  ...
e 'Batman vs Superman' Movie Release Date & Cast Update: Batmobile Concept  ...
t Hijacked Computer Network Broken Up by Law Enforcement
b Amazon Offers Workers Up to $5000 to Quit
e Treasure trove of Warhols found on floppy disks
b What is corporate inversion? 10 things to know
t World court orders halt to Japanese whaling in Antarctica
t Self-driving car tests now focused on city driving, says Google
e UMC Gilmer Celebrates “A Journey to the Cross”
e Michael Chiklis Joining Cast Of "American Horror Story: Freak Show"
e Rihanna Basically Naked In Nipple Flashing Dress At 2014 CFDA Awards
t Samsung Galaxy S5 has the best performing display: DisplayMate
t Apple Updates Most Affordable 9.7-inch iPad
e Deliver Us From Evil: Interview with Edgar Ramirez
t Facebook Introduces Feature To Help You Find Nearby Friends
b Weak corporate earning reports sink US stocks
e Watch Out, The New York Times Has Discovered Eating Pot
t Social Media Today: Facebook News Feed Changes, Teen Problem, App Update
e Smart Talk: Beyond the challenge -- what to know about ALS
m Philippines on MERS alert: Officials
t Will Alibaba's IPO Be The Largest Ever?
m NIH STUDY FINDS EXTREME OBESITY MAY SHORTEN LIFE EXPECTANCY  ...
e Jay Z, Beyonce, Solange Knowles are "at peace"
b Motorola Solutions' Enterprise Business Sells for $3.45B
e First Birdman reviews talk Oscar buzz and Michael Keaton's great comback
e 'Mad Men' end in sight for Matthew Weiner with new season
e Kanye West wants Mary J Blige to sing at wedding?
e Could Sandra Oh Eventually Come Back For The Grey's Anatomy Series Finale  ...
e Taylor Swift Jokes About Her Guy Problems on 'Saturday Night Live'
e 'Batman' Prequel Highlights Fox's Fall Schedule
m Risk of car crashes jumps during second trimester of pregnancy: study
m Fruit and veg: seven portions better than five
m WHO Warns of Mideast Virus Threat to Pilgrims
t Google cuts cloud prices to bring VM cost curve in line with Moore's Law
b Beijing's Catch-22
t There's a big meteor shower coming tonight. Here's how to see it
e James Franco to make theatre directing debut in New York
e Marc Webb Updates Where The Amazing Spider-Man 3 & Sinister Six Goes
t 'Make-or-Break' Game for Microsoft's (MSFT) Xbox One Launches Tomorrow
t Box vs. Dropbox: Building features is easy. Building an ecosystem is hard
t OkCupid Experiments with Daters
t UK developers could be among first to get Google Glass
b India authority orders Coke plant closed
e 'Guardians of the Galaxy' End Credits Scene Revealed and You Should be  ...
e Bryan Cranston, Stephen Fry, Idina Menzel up for Tony Awards
t Hundreds poised to search landfill in search of decades-old Atari 'ET' game  ...
b Target Customers Report System Glitch and Long Lines in Stores
t Facebook Gets LGBT Stickers for Pride Month
e Delayed Amazing Spider-Man 2 for Xbox One appears on US store
e Report: Jessica Chastain Apparently Offered Lead Role in "True Detective  ...
e BET Awards: After Party Shooting! Meek Mill, The Game, T-Pain, Future In  ...
t Facelock App Makes Passwords Out of Familiar Faces
t Climate change: Davey calls for new deal on emissions as UN warns of a  ...
b EU taxi drivers stage mass protest against smartphone app service
t The Boring, Obvious, Totally Great Thing Apple Just Announced
b Urban Outfitters Receives “Buy” Rating from Brean Capital (URBN)
b In a Blow to Netflix, Amazon Strikes Deal to Bring HBO Shows to Prime Service
b Judge won't order recalled GM cars to be parked
t Windows XP shuts down for final time…
b Critics Of Genetically Modified Organisms Will March In Ann Arbor Saturday
t Microsoft Transforms Customers to Beta Testers
b This asset class may be the star of the second-half
t NASA successfully launches Orbiting Carbon Observatory-2 spacecraft from  ...
m CNN: Plane on way to Liberia to evacuate Ebola-stricken Americans, including  ...
e Johnny Depp finally confirms engagement, and unveils his 'chick's ring'
e Nuneaton film director Ken Loach in running for Palme d'Or at this year's Cannes  ...
e Kardashian Clan Takes Paris by Storm Ahead of Kimye Wedding
m Fortified cereals may be harmful to kids, study finds
t Apple's Swift is a new programming language with a focus on speed and ease of  ...
b Target to customers: No guns please
t The Chromecast Gets Vudu Support
b BSkyB in Talks to Buy Fox Pay-TV Units in Germany, Italy
t Facebook recognises, shares users' music
t Report: YouTube to Pay $1 Billion for Twitch
t Google SVP says Chromecast sales reached millions
e Sigourney Weaver and the cast of Alien are set to...
b In deal with Wild Oats, Wal-Mart to slash organic food prices in US
b Sotheby's agrees to add 3 members to board to settle proxy fight with activist  ...
e Robert Downey Jr. Issues a Statement Following Son Indio's Drug Arrest
b April Tennessee Unemployment Rates Decreased In All 95 Counties
b Colin Kaepernick: 'Sex claims are wrong'
b US markets down, Nasdaq sinks 2.5%
t If you have a security hole, if no one else can help ... maybe you need the  ...
e Selena Gomez Splits With Manager Parents
e Stephen Colbert hosting 'Late Show' raises questions, hope
m Young cancer survivor's family pleads with company for experimental drug
t The Target User
b GoPro Touts Content Ahead of Thursday's IPO, Set to Trade on Nasdaq
m 15/05/2014Life expectancy rises in poor nations: UN
b Bulgarian bank First Investment Bank (FIBank) hit by second bank run in one week
e Sports on TV for March 19
e Four Big Questions About Josh Elliott's Departure From GMA
t Google says OEM skins won't dilute Android Wear, Android TV and Android Auto
e Robin Thicke thanks wife Paula, makes public appeal to win her back
b Kraft recalls 96000 pounds of mislabeled hot dogs
e SiriusXM Fires Anthony Cumia, Co-Host of OPIE AND ANTHONY
t Carousel is an innovative media viewer for Dropbox
m McCaskill scolds Dr. Oz for promoting deceptive weight-loss products
t BBC's Robert Peston: 'Why has Google cast me into oblivion?'
m Concentration of West Nile virus found near Campbell
t AT&T to offer Samsung's new Galaxy Tab S tablets
e 5 Seconds of Summer tour comes to Tampa next summer
t Why Tesla Patent Release Is Good for Humanity, But Bad for Business
e Police: Justin Bieber claimed foot fracture during Florida arrest
t Netflix signs interconnect deal with Verizon
b F-35 No Show
m Jennings: Too soon to claim health reform win
e Review: 'Blended' not bad, by Sandler standards
b Bank of America feels force of Fed rejection
e Rolf Harris: The 'Jekyll and Hyde' star
b President Obama tests work policies on federal contractors
e An ironic twist to the Eurovision
t Cable TV outlook bright, but rising costs a big problem, analysts say
b Canada's Unemployment Rate Falls To 7% As Economy Again Fails To Create  ...
e Brad Pitt breaks the ice with...
m Polio spread a world health emergency
t Dr Dre and Jimmy Iovine: Beats of success
b Robert W. Baird Lowers Concur Technologies Price Target to $115.00 (CNQR)
e Best potatoes for corned beef and cabbage: St. Patrick's Day 2014 boiled dinner
t Weird Tesla Crash Was Result Of Wrong Pedal Press, Witness Says
e It's Done: Kim And Kanye Get Married
t Music firm in Apple's sights
m Portland under boil advisory after E.coli detected in water supply
b Mortgage Rates Increase at BMO Harris, Chase Mar 17
t Samsung Galaxy S5 sale begins today at $649.99, coming to India soon
t Sony Warns of Fire Risk in Vaio PCs
t KFC proposal: I can see town is improving
m Shock and Awe CDC Anti-Smoking Campaign Returns With New Ads
t Google Sells Out of Glass Because Everyone Wants to Be a Glasshole
m Lab Rats Get Stressed From Male Experimenter's Odor, Study Finds
t Ancient Egyptian tomb had 23-feet-high pyramid
t Facebook manipulated users emotions' in secret...
e Quentin Tarantino Criticizes Digital Viewing At Cannes Film Festival
m Strangers Help a Grieving Father Remember His Daughter
t Twitter stock surges as CEO Costolo makes case for future growth
e Forecast: 'Rio 2,' 'Captain America' Could Both Reach $40 Million This Weekend
t Google courts the business phone market
t Struggling climate talks look to United Nations summit for push
m Connecticut's Counihan is named CEO of federal health insurance marketplace  ...
e Pippa Middleton on Prince George, Family, and Life in the Spotlight: 'Be Yourself  ...
e Our Favorite Moment of the 2014 VMAs: Blue Ivy Dances with Jay Z While  ...
b AstraZeneca share price is down 10% after it rejected a £69bn offer from Pfizer
t RunKeeper's new Breeze app tracks every step you take
b Unemployment in metro Fort Wayne rose slightly in January
m Obesity surgery gives long-lasting help for Type 2 diabetes
m Paralysed men able to move legs after their spinal cords were electrically zapped
t Here's The Mind-Blowing Cosmic Calendar From The 'Cosmos' Premiere
e Justin Timberlake and Imagine Dragons Dominate Billboard Music Awards
b Expenses from Fiat merger topple Chrysler into first-quarter loss
b How the Dow Jones industrial average did Thursday
t Mozilla Officials: We Support LGBT Inclusion
e 'American Idol' rocker Caleb Johnson's dream date with Jennifer Lopez
t Tesla Shares All Its Patents - What Does This Mean For Shareholders? (TSLA)
e Bride Wars: Mary-Kate Olsen and Sister Are Both Engaged!
m Ground beef distributed in Mass. recalled
e Review | '24: Live Another Day' Restarts the Clock With Explosive Comeback
m Texas confirms state's first chikungunya case
e Pat Sajak's 'Crazy' Tweet Rocks Twitter: 'I Now Believe Global Warming  ...
m Deaf woman's emotional reaction to hearing sound reinforces the triumph of  ...
b Vatican Bank profits plunge
t Secrets of Ship Found at World Trade Center Site Revealed Through Tree Rings
b New pound coin announced
b Iraq, Ukraine tensions keep global markets on edge
t GM recall: Many victims were young, inexperienced drivers
e Kim Kardashian takes ripped jeans trend to a whole new level as she joins  ...
e The Five Burning Questions of Upfronts
t New Sporting Life App launches
e Baywatch diplomacy: how Pamela Anderson changed the world
e Heigl: I Was 'Angry' At Hollywood 'For Betraying Me'
m Flu Spray Better Than Shots for Young Kids
t SC rejects Google's appeal to dismiss class-action lawsuit about Street View Wi  ...
e Photo of Kate Middleton's Bare Butt Published by German Tabloid, Palace Has  ...
t Apple Introduces Lower-Priced iPod Touch
m Ebola virus reaches Guinea capital Conakry
m How to minimize risk of skin cancer in summers
e Allison Williams to star as Peter Pan in NBC's live musical
m Hookah Is The New Cigarette For High School Seniors
t Google Glass Kit Kat update arrives ahead of tomorrow's big sale, but removes  ...
b Amazon Set to Acquire ComiXology - Analyst Blog
b TELUS CEO Entwistle stepping down, transitioning to Executive Chair
t Did Mars Curiosity See an Alien Light on Mars? Duh. No.
b Subway Bread Chemical Removed: Sandwich Chain Officials Will Fully Phase  ...
b Alibaba Group to take stake in Singapore Post for $ 249 million
b China's money rates slip, offer no signs of monetary policy change
e Cannes premiere for Depardieu movie inspired by former IMF chief
t In the Watch Dogs Launch Trailer, Chicago Looks Ginormous
m China: Panda accused of faking pregnancy to try and get more food
e Ray J gives Kim Kardashian share of profit from sex tape
e It's Official: Gwen Stefani Joins The Voice for Season 7!
t Sharing Cyber Threat Info is Unlikely to Raise Antitrust Concerns, Says Agencies  ...
b Should Sebi ignore 'Flash Boys'?
b US Federal Reserve's Janet Yellen says spillovers cannot be avoided
t Google Vowed To Shield Samsung In Apple IP War, Atty Says
b The Rebound Is Low Voltage
m Healthy Eating on the Road - It's No Picnic
m Statewide colorectal cancer prevention study is screening patients, relatives for  ...
e Nadine Gordimer, Nobel Prize-Winning Novelist, Dead at 90
t LG 'Floating Arc': 5.5" Quad HD + Core + 13mp camera
e Paul McCartney cancels another concert in Tokyo due to virus
m Alzheimer's rates dropping in the US and Germany but rising in poor nations  ...
e Dean McDermott visits 12 step recovery store as he attempts to repair marriage  ...
e Game of Thrones sets piracy records as industry debates how to curb  ...
m New report describes 'placental microbiome,' bacteria living in healthy placentas
m At least 1500 labs handle deadly bioweapons. Should some of those be closed?
b In a Fox-Time Warner Merger, Who Would Get CNN?
e One Direction fans rip up gig tickets over 'dope' scandal
e Names & Faces: Jessica Simpson marries Eric Johnson, former 'Scandal' star  ...
e Mobile Watch: The Amazing Spider-Man 2
b GM Stock: 3 Reasons You Shouldn't Cheer Just Yet
e 'Cabin in the Woods' Helmer Drew Goddard to Direct 'Sinister Six'
e Harrison Ford injured on 'Star Wars' set in Britain
t Samsung Electronics may launch 'A' series smartphones soon
e Chris Brown Gets Pissy Drunk After BET Awards, Gets Carried Out Of Club [Video]
t Beats Electronics designed by Jony Ive prospect
b Iraq Sends Indexes Lower
b Box IPO Filing Shows It's a Feature, Not a Company
m Dieters now also Looking at Nutritional Benefits of Food Items
t eBay Recommends Password Reset After Hacking Attack
e Maksim Chmerkovskiy wins first mirror ball trophy in ten seasons on 'Dancing  ...
e Aereo CEO: Win or Lose, Web TV Is Inevitable
t 'The Daily Show' tries on Google Glass with hilarious...
b Kentucky Gains Permit for Hemp Seeds
e The Moment We've Been Waiting For: Ryan Gosling Has Arrived At Cannes
e 'Late Show with David Letterman': Meet the new boob
e High Street Chain Zara Apologise over 'Holocaust' Children's Wear
e Robert Downey Jr: 'My wife's pregnant'
t Lexington Christian Academy student is Kentucky's Google doodle winner
t Report: 240 new emojis to be made available next month
t FBI says malware infected half-million computers Add to ...
e Noah rises to top of box office with $44 million debut
e The Voice: The live rounds begin
m San Diego Zoo's new baby gorilla has pneumonia
t GM recalls another 218000 vehicles for a fire risk
m Now Recognization of 21 Different Facial Expressions can be done by Computers
t Microsoft Android
e Megan Fox joins Instagram with #MakeupFree selfie
b Rolls-Royce Holdings PLC Falls As Emirates Cancels Airbus Order
e Recap Of American Idol Season Finale
b The Demise Of Whole Foods Is A Fallacy
e Amazon Launches Free Music Streaming Service for Prime Subscribers
b Recovery 'still some way off' - MPC new
e North Korea Threatens War on U.S. Over Kim Jong Un Assassination Plot in  ...
b Zynga Inc (ZNGA) Down 5 Percent As King Digital Gears Up For IPO
t Apple Maps spur increase in Loch Ness Monster sightings
b Budget cuts until 2030, debt to reach 131.8% GDP - OECD
m Simply being called 'fat' increases obesity risk in young girls
t Driving-Tests.org Joins the "One Text or Call Could Wreck It All" Campaign to  ...
m Scientists have created a bionic pancreas that outperforms insulin pumps
b Pound eases on Carney's comments - FXStreet
b GM Raises Bankruptcy Shield in Recall Suits
b Bill Ackman Just Made Another $144 Million On Burger King This Morning
b California regulators expand reporting requirements for logging companies amid  ...
e Drake takes a shot at the Redskins name in ESPYs monologue
e 'Winter Soldier' torches past marvel films
m House passes contested 'doc-fix' patch with ICD-10 extension; measure goes to  ...
t Cheaper 16GB iPod Touch With Camera, More Colors on Sale
e Kris Jenner plans circus wedding for Kourtney Kardashian
t Two spectacular eclipses in the same month
t TSLA Stock Rally Has Refueled the Momentum Train
b Bright Supernova magnified by galactic gravitational lens
e James Franco Says Nude Selfie Was Just Giving People What They Want
e Battle of the Kardashian Weddings
e Gwar frontman David Brockie died of accidental heroin overdose
e This week's reviews: Cleveland Browns on the Silver Screen
m Japan scientist calls for study retraction
e Quentin Tarantino takes 'Hateful Eight' script out for an all-star live test drive
t iPhone 6 screens enter production in early May: sources
m Bicyclist killed in early morning accident
t Windows XP support ends April 8, RBI warns banks on ATM operationsاے ٹی ایم  ...
t Lytro Illum Light-Field Camera | Video
b Is the LG G3 the phone to beat this year? A review
t Microsoft continues to beat the Azure hybrid cloud drum
t Microsoft to kill its original TV programming plans, shut down Xbox  ...
e Travel firm boycotts Brunei-owned hotel chain
t Lights out for Earth Hour
t Apple vs. Samsung: Imminent Settlement Seems Dim
m Aspirin may cut pancreatic cancer risk
b US mortgage applications slip in latest week -MBA
b Geithner: On landing a (financial) plane that's on fire
b Amazon's Deal With HBO Is Great for Netflix
b Media release on SAR operation for Malaysia Airlines debris: Update 17  ...
t Watch Dogs review: a solid, open-world romp in hackable Chicago
m Doctors will place patients between life and death in suspended animation trials
m Caffeine may effect teen girls and boys differently
e Iron Man 3 director Shane Black has agreed to direct the first film in what will be  ...
b US judge denies Argentina stay on paying 'vulture' funds
t After a long wait Google Chromecast is here and it's going to be a huge hit  ...
b Stocks drop for 2nd day on jitters over earnings, tech rout; Nasdaq down for 3rd  ...
t Sony announces VR headset for the PS4
e The Bachelor Juan Pablo: is he really a jerk or just an honest guy?
b Bank of England boss Charlie Bean on visit to Teesside
b Draghi Policies Vindicated by European PMI Sending Signal
m Exercise cuts risk of gestational diabetes changing to Type 2
e '24: Live Another Day' First Full Trailer Filled With Guns, Explosions, Drama
t Google Glass on sale April 15; here's how to get one
e Earth to Echo Review: ET-Mobile
t Walmart cutting Apple iPhone prices
e Did Nicki Minaj Diss Iggy Azalea At The 2014 BET Awards?
t Apple reports record revenue for Q2 as iPhone sales rise
e 'The Normal Heart' brings early days of AIDS to US living room
b Criminal Probe Into Recalls Complicates GM's Turnaround
e 'Game of Thrones' Season 4: Five Reasons Why Tyrion Lannister is the Best  ...
e UK hopes high ahead of Eurovision Song Contest
t Nissan and Mercedes Will Continue to Share Plant in Mexico
b McAuliffe marks signing of new Chesapeake Bay Watershed Agreement
e Mickey Rooney in five takes: Legendary actor had a CV spanning 10 decades
e Kim Kardashian: Snubbed by Beyonce!
e Meet Claire Leeson, The Lady Who Spent £20000 To Get A Kim Kardashian Look
e Kiefer Sutherland and Freddie Prinze Jr.'s Weird Bloodfeud Continues
e Movies released this week
b 1st LD Writethru: Gold up ahead of long holiday weekend
b AT&T's $500M online video pact with the Chernin Group: it's all about the niche
t VIDEO: Google Wants Everyone To Stop Hating On Glass
e On set with Ken Loach: is this really the final cut?
e Good grief: Charlie Brown gets the CG, 3-D treatment
e Win a Bundle of Goodies with Noah
e 'Game of Thrones': Kit Harington covers 'GQ' (and talks about naked Jon Snow)
m Pregnancy Tests in Bars: Alaska's Answer to Fetal Alcohol Syndrome Problem
b On Deck This Week: Fed Policy - Real-Time Insight
e What to watch for at the Emmys
t 5.5-inch iPhone Delayed To 2015 [Rumor]
b US fixed mortgage rates ease further
e Jessica Paré Makes Some White Noise At The Met Gala
t Microsoft wants Windows XP dead and has announced $100 bounty: Tempting  ...
t T-Mobile Launches LTE-Advanced VoLTE in Seattle
t 'Blood moon' will be sight to behold during eclipse Tuesday
m Florida MERS patient released from hospital
e First Fifty Shades of Grey film footage criticised for being 'surprisingly tame and  ...
t Twitter Redesigns Profile Pages; Looks Even More Like Facebook
t AT&T's Pricey Triple-Play Deal
t Solar System's edge redefined
b Alibaba's sales rose 66% in sales to $3.06 billion
b Family Dollar Stores (FDO) Soared To A New High On Merger News
b Japan's Dai-ichi Life Insurance to buy Protective Life for $5.7bn
t Satirical 'Daily Show' report savages Google Glass users
b EUR/USD: European Commission Maintained Its 2014 Growth Forecast For The  ...
t AT&T Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Gets HD Voice
e Miranda Kerr Talks Dating Women: The Stars Who Say They Are Bisexual
t Full moon and Friday the 13th to fall on same day
t Skywatch: A New Meteor Shower Could Be 2014's Best
e The Good Wife Season 5 Spoilers: Major Character Shot Dead; Julianna  ...
e Rolling Stones back on world tour after L'Wren Scott death
t Dropbox unveils Carousel App for photo and video organisation
t Russian charged after US disrupts major hacking, extortion ring
t What's the Middle Point Between a Tech-Ignorant Supreme Court and an  ...
t Tesla Motors Inc CEO Elon Musk says he's making the firm's patents public in bid  ...
m Guinea's Ebola epidemic unprecedented
b American Airlines Merger Left US Airways Workers Behind, Five Unions Say
b Israel kills top Gaza militant, five others in air strike - Gaza officials
b U-2 Planes Still in Use for Now on The World for 4-24-14
t Tesla Handing Over the Keys to Its Technology
b Review: WWE Money in the Bank 2014
m Walsh: School nutrition gains at risk if lunch standards are eased
t Dev Releases PC Driver for Xbox One Controller
b Tuscaloosa County, state unemployment rates rise in February
e How ASM2 Used The Comics To Portray THAT Scene
b Elephant hunting tips for Warren Buffett
m New technology to predict potential recovery from severe brain injury
b With Mortgage Rates Falling, Home Sales Happening At Higher Price Points
e 'Earth to Echo' review: gimmick leaves hollow ring
e MJ wanted to record a song with me: Justin Timberlake
t US Supreme Court ends Novell's 20-year fight against Microsoft
b Pinnacle Foods Inc. Signs Definitive Agreement for Sale of Company to Hillshire  ...
b UPDATE: Court Orders Russia To Pay 50 Billion Dollars To Yukos Shareholders
b Banking shares mixed bag after RBI keeps rates unchanged
e Shia LaBeouf arrested at 'Cabaret' in NYC
e De Niro company sells Madison Square Garden stake
t Apple recalls iPhone 5 for battery woes
t Samsung announces Galaxy Tab S 8.4, 10.5
b AIG revenue misses expectations, shares drop
b Dollar Tree to buy rival Family Dollar stores
b Planes nearly collided at Newark airport during takeoff, landing, NTSB report  ...
b EUR/USD: No Rebound Yet
e Starbucks and Oprah Winfrey Come Together to Create Teavana® Oprah Chai  ...
b Microsoft FYQ3 Rev, EPS Beat
e Internet Freaks Out Over 'Batman V Superman: Dawn Of Justice' Tweeted Photo  ...
e E Pain Am: Charlie Sheen Calls Rihanna A 'Village Idiot' After She Snubs Him At  ...
e Does This Video Show Solange Knowles Kicking the Crap Out of Jay Z?
t Report: Job cuts planned at Microsoft
t Android vs Apple - Would You Rule Out A Car Because It Doesn't Interface With  ...
b Australia says missing Malaysia plane not where "pings" heard
t Tuesday Apple Rumors: Apple to Move Into Home Automation at WWDC
b banks to pay 15m euros for ECB supervision
e VIDEO: Stars on MTV Movie Awards red capet
m Ohio GFS stores may have sold recalled beef
t iPhone Air Concept Video Shows Bigger Display
e Blessed Easter
e 'Guardian Of The Galaxy' Is A Must See!
e Father's Day with Prince William, Kate Middleton and baby George
e The 12 craziest slams in Gary Oldman's Playboy interview
e Beyoncé fought with 50 Cent over Jay Z argument
b Netflix Sees Raising US Prices By $1-$2 A Month--2nd Update
b Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac Surge, With the US Govt as Sole Beneficiary
b S&P revises Britain outlook to stable
e First Clip From Ryan Gosling's Directional Debut 'Lost River' – Featuring Iain De  ...
b Gas Prices High, But Headed Lower for the Fourth
b GoPro Inc (NASDAQ: GPRO)'s Second Quarter Earnings Are Out
e A Letter to My Kids on Mother's Day
e Letter: A reminder of Easter's purpose
t Apple announces new “entry level” iMac
b Video shows the moment two passenger jets nearly collide at Barcelona airport
t Honda to recall over 1800 Irish cars
e Mark Wahlberg's children help him get slimed at Kids' Choice Awards
b Allergan Attacks Valeant's Business Strategy
b Crews, Officials Assess Damage After Broken Water Main Floods Parts Of UCLA
m Embattled researcher Obokata arrives at Riken to prove STAP cells
t European court orders Google to remove some data on individuals
e Our Sacred Triduum
t Samsung Galaxy S5, Gear 2 (Neo) and Gear Fit available in the UK
b 11/06/2014Europe's taxi drivers protest Uber, unlicensed car services
b Shell reduces Woodside interest
b Coldwater Creek to go out of business; 11 stores in Minnesota
t Pittsburgh teen says typeface change could save millions
b Alibaba Profit Rises - Update
e Gwen Stefani to Replace Christina Aguilera on Judges Panel in Season 7 of  ...
m Fist Bumps Are Way Better Than Handshakes, Scientists Confirm
t Sony has restored PSN sign-in access on PlayStation 3
e Transformers: Age of Extinction reviewed. | Paramount
e Basil Gives Corned Beef and Cabbage Cooking Lesson
t Tweetdeck shuts down after hacking attack
e GWAR's David Brockie Has Died
b General Motors names longtime engineer as its new safety chief as it deals with  ...
t Amid Hearings, Comcast Ups Speeds/Hotspots
b The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights:SPDR S&P Pharmaceuticals ETF, Health  ...
b Dollar Gains on Robust ADP Report-DailForex.com
b Fitch Downgrades Remy Cointreau SA to 'BB+'; Outlook Stable
m Skinniness no survival advantage, study finds: Underweight at highest risk of  ...
e Supreme Court Case Threatens Online Video, Cloud Computing Rules
e World is shocked as Leonardo DiCaprio loses over Josh Hutcherson
e Venice Film Festival opens with "Birdman"
e Easter: Time of Renewal
e Miley Cyrus doesn't have to be so drastic, says godmother Dolly Parton
b AT&T reportedly in talks to buy DirecTV for more than $50 billion
t Google's New Smartwatches Can Do Everything, And That's Their Biggest Problem
e Chris Hemsworth and Elsa Pataky reveal the names of their twin boys
t Experts rate the safest vehicles for teen drivers
b Amazon posts Q1 sales of $19.74 billion, operating income of $146 million
b Proposal: Airlines openly disclose seat, bag fees
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 details get the web buzzing
b Bank of England Deputy Governor Signs off With 'Eerie' Warning on UK Economy
b RPT-Fitch Downgrades Krayinvestbank to 'B'; Affirms Viability Rating at 'b-'
b Dollar In Doldrums As Yen Perks Up
m High Blood Pressure- A True Silent Killer
m Abortion trial in Wisconsin set to begin today
e Bieber 'will be charged with vandalism'
e 'Rocky' musical will close on Broadway
e Russell Crowe talks 'Noah,' reveals why he's on Twitter: 3 highlights
b German April Unemployment Down -25K Vs. -10K Forecast
m Editorial: Travel ban to
b Hundreds of passengers are evacuated by foot as Eurotunnel train breaks down  ...
t Here's Why Tibetans Can Live Comfortably At Crazy-High Altitudes
b Asian Market Update: Asian Stocks Down On US Markets, China Jun Inflation  ...
e Hayley Atwell confirms Agent Carter TV show is happening
m Preventing And Treating Lyme Disease
t NASA tests flying saucer craft
m Stem cells cloned from human adults may lead to...
m Op-Ed: Mental health and front page news - getting it right
m Internal Medical Devices Powered Via Newly Developed Wireless Chips
e 'Muppets Most Wanted' director James Bobin's job isn't easy, but it's fun
e George RR Martin On The Controversial 'Game Of Thrones' Scene Between  ...
t Matrix redux: Astronomers create first realistic virtual universe
e Paul Stanley Says Frehley And Criss Showed Anti-Semitic And Racist Behavior
b Cuomo could unplug Comcast-TWC merger
b Medtronic buys Ireland's Covidien for $42.9B
t AP Top News at 12:52 p.m. EDT
b APNewsBreak: Lesser prairie chicken listed as threatened species, 5 states  ...
e North Korea Blasts Seth Rogen and James Franco's 'The Interview'
e Vote! Does the Just-Announced CGI 'Peanuts' Movie Look Awesome Or Awful?
t Intel acquires high-end fitness tracker maker Basis Science
t 10 arrested on suspicion of trespassing at Google headquarters in California
e Alex Preston Wins Rave Reviews for One Direction Song
t Samsung Galaxy S5 vs HTC One (M8): Features and specifications comparison
b Stock market live blog: S&P 500, Dow gain after Draghi says ECB could act in June
b UPDATE 3-Lindt buys No.3 slot in US market with candy maker Russell Stover
b New Milwaukee taxi ordinance proposal gains traction
e Fourth of July safety tips from US HealthWorks
b Tips to make filing your taxes less painful
t Report: Internet Experts Are Worried About How Open the Web Will Be in 2025
t FCC pushes back deadline to comment on net neutrality to July 18
e Bryan Singer Is Named In ANOTHER Sex Abuse Lawsuit Along With Gary  ...
b FOREX-Dollar's losing streak vs euro ends after German inflation data
e Mariah Carey and Nick Cannon spotted for the first time since news of  ...
e First Look at Henry Cavill as Superman in 'Batman v Superman'
b Insurers prepare for rising rates in 2015 and beyond
e Britain's Prince Harry, girlfriend make it public
e North Korea threatens war on US over Seth Rogan's 'The Interview' (VIDEO)
e Steamy Fifty Shades Of Grey Trailer The Most Viewed Of 2014
e Brosnan back in the secret agent business
t Industry Analyst Jeff Kagan: Apple, IBM Partner to Sell iPhone, iPad and Apps to  ...
m 'Fed Up' documentary lays blame for American obesity on food industry
e Rock and Roll Hall of Fame 2014 Induction Ceremony
t GM ignition recall starts slow: Just 2% fixed as crash count rises
t Apple Needled By European Commission Over App Policies
m Electronic Cigarettes May Be Gateway to Tobacco Smoking
e Kate Middleton, Duchess Of Cambridge, Celebrates Queen's Birthday In  ...
e 'Sex Tape' director turned to YouPorn – for research
e 'Who Wants to Be a Millionaire' gets a new host -- Terry Crews
m VIDEO: Topless woman ransacks McDonald's
b Report: Kakao Merging With Daum, South Korea's Second-Largest Search Engine
b Nokia phone sales figures drop 30 percent, 'intense competition' to blame
t What's happening to plastic trash littering the ocean?
t Cook says new products 'closer than it's ever been', ponders mobile payments
b Wall Street Stays Cautiously Optimistic
b US job growth cools, unemployment rate up
b US consumer spending rose in February
b Starbucks gets into the burger business to cater to dinner crowd
t VC Fred Wilson: Apple won't rule tech in 2020
m FDA approves genetic test as first US alternative to Pap smear
m Scientists unscramble the great sperm-egg secret
e JK Rowling Has Gifted Us With a New Harry Potter Short Story
e Nia Sanchez Is Beautiful, But Critics Say Miss USA Cheated! Sexual Assault  ...
t Kass: Nuthin' but a P/E Thang
b Vietnam accuses China over boat
e Alibaba in talks with Hollywood studios on streaming video
e Michael Jackson's Xscape: Is Sony Exploiting or Honoring the King of Pop?
e What to Watch on Tuesday: An extraordinary 'Fargo' finale
e For Your Consideration: 10 Things the Fall Festivals Could Tell Us About Awards  ...
t Cannabis-selling game tops Apple's UK App Store charts
e New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo Says Colbert's Show 'Belongs' in Manhattan
e Rosie O'Donnell Will Return to View This Fall
e 'Dancing With the Stars' Recap: Danica McKellar Eliminated in Week Eight
t BlackBerry Ltd (BBRY) to integrate Amazon Appstore
t The 2016 Smart ForTwo Stays Small But Gets Huge Improvements
t HTC One M8 Availability Kicks Off
m Pediatricians recommend neuromuscular training to avoid ACL injuries
e 'Dancing With the Stars': First perfect score of season lights up Disney Night
m Colon cancer on the decline
m USDA Lowers Meat Production Estimate in June - Analyst Blog
b Pauley Pavilion still waterlogged
m FDA changes stance on aging cheese on wooden shelves; taking the ghost  ...
e Charlie Sheen: Drunk and awesome at the drive-through
t iPhone 6 Screens to Enter Production in May, Says Reports
b Take That, America
b Stocks down but US jobs report provides support
b U.S. finally gets into climate game
b Gilead Sciences' hepatitis C drug a smashing success
t Whaling ruling a 'decisive win': Key
e Broadway legend Elaine Stritch dies at 89
e Karl Lagerfeld Thinks Lea Michele Cannot Wear Chanel, Refuses to Lend Her  ...
b Target fires Canadian operations president
e Um, Guys, Captain Janeway Thinks The Sun Revolves Around The Earth
m Kellogg's and General Mills Products May Overexpose Children to Vitamins and  ...
t Android 5.0 L Gets Official At Google IO (Video)
e 'Sharknado 2' scores record ratings for Syfy
b Unemployment rates drop in 43 states in January
e US leads protest at UN on Russian move in Ukraine
t Amazon unveils new technology shop that highlights wearable gizmos
m New Study Shows Runners Can't Eat What They Please
b WSJ: Venture Capital Firm Agrees to Invest $10 Billion in Snapchat
t Air pollution: 10 countries with the world's dirtiest air
e 'Magic Mike' Hunk Joe Manganiello Dating 'Modern Family' Star Sofia Vergara  ...
e Oprah Winfrey hitting the road for self-empowerment tour
b Darden Agrees to Sell Red Lobster for $2.1 Billion
e MOVIE REVIEW: 'Rio 2' is for the birds
t Apple's full-page Earth Day advert jabs fun at copycat competitors
b Former American Apparel CEO Charney builds stake
m Many people sensitive to gluten
e How Many Box Office Records Will Fifty Shades Of Grey Break?
b GM Wants The Same “Set Of Rules” For Tesla In Ohio
e Team Dark-Haired Emilia Clarke Will Enjoy The Awkward Dance She Did During  ...
e Home»News»Entertainment»Start of production on CBS' 'The Big Bang Theory  ...
e Canadian author and tireless wildlife defender Farley Mowat dies aged 92
b WRAPUP 1-Fed seen trimming bond buys, could offer vague rate clues
m Top Doctor in Sierra Leone's Fight Against Ebola Dies From Virus
m Two Americans in Serious Condition After Catching Ebola Virus
b America Movil to sell assets to cut Mexico telecom share below 50% to avoid  ...
e The Fantastic Four Finds Its Dr. Doom
t Apple Cuts Prices On MacBook Pro with Retina Display
t Snapchat settles with FTC, will install new user privacy measures
e Movie review: Unwieldy 'Wish I Was There' has a sitcom vibe
m Woman vandalized McDonald's, treated herself to some ice cream.
e VIDEO: Is Nicola Peltz the Next Fashion It Girl?
e Why Gwyneth's separation is better than yours
m Vermont mom reveals how her family avoided sugar for a year in new book
e Miley Cyrus hospitalized, cites 'severe' allergic reaction
t Opportunity, NASA's Mars
b UK company to track jets after Flight 370 loss
t Japanese automakers recall 3 mn vehicles globally for airbag
t Fox, Samsung to Develop System to Deliver Ultra HD Content Through Smart TVs
m US Aid Worker With Ebola is Stable
e 'Star Wars Episode 7' Star Harrison Ford Injuries Ankle In Set Accident Allegedly  ...
b News Summary: AT&T offers $48.5B for DirecTV
b Chinese millionaire throws totally insane lunch for the homeless
b Yellen: Fed stimulus still needed
e Great Thing of the Day: Tom Hanks Dancing in a Yarmulke to &quot;This Is How  ...
m Drop olive oil on salad to lower BP
m Faxton St. Luke's Healthcare offering lecture on preventing skin cancer
e Brad Pitt And Director David Michod Adapting Stanley McChrystal's Story Into  ...
b New Taco Bell breakfast ad features real men named Ronald McDonald
e Fox Cancels 'Dads,' 'Enlisted,' 'Surviving Jack' and 'Rake'
e Kim Kardashian Planning Two Weddings? Paris, Florence Confusion As  ...
e Reality TV show: Lindsay Lohan says she had miscarriage
b Crop markets appear to be anticipating Friday's WASDE report
e While the US downsizes from Disney Stores to Disney Shops, Shanghai is  ...
b Dollar Steady As All Eyes Turn To European Central Bank
b European stock markets mixed before US Fed clues
t New telescope poised to warn of asteroids years in advance
e Natalie Stendall's Film Review: Bad Neighbour
t Jaywalkers, cyclists, blind corners - Google says its driverless cars mastering city  ...
e Three Arrested at Taylor Swift's Rhode Island Home
e Lawsuit: Seth MacFarlane Accused of Stealing Idea for Ted
t New creepy crawly discovered in the world's deepest cave
t Apple To Make iOS Emojis More Racially Diverse Thanks to Miley Cyrus
b $2.6 Billion: Priceline Buys OpenTable
b Coldwater Creek files for bankruptcy
m The Fat Woman's Cancer?
t Video ads create a wave on Facebook
m CDC Retracts Initial Human-to-Human MERS Virus Infection
b In Seattle, real estate developers walk the talk
m Cannabis really can trigger paranoia
b LinkedIn Reaches 300M Registered Users With Major Growth From India And  ...
e Fleetwood Mac announces tour with both Christine and John McVie
b Talks Break Down Between Lawmakers And Democrats About Fannie and Freddie
e Kim Kardashian is having 'very small' wedding
t GM CEO Barra Brings Tight-Rope Act To Congressional Circus This Week [VIDEO]
e Fox pins hopes on 'Gotham' to launch fall season
b Alibaba growth surges ahead of IPO
b Iran to Mark National Army Day with Nationwide Parades Today
b British American Tobacco plc: Transaction in Own Shares
e Mad Men's Jon Hamm: "There's Nothing Admirable About Don Draper"
t Senior Chinese adviser: absolute emissions cap not yet govt policy
t Android Auto invades your dashboard…with apps
t Leaked pics give us a fresh view of Samsung's best-looking smartphone
e Cell Phone & Surveillance Video Reveal Horror of Isla Vista Shootings
m Marijuana changes mulled by Colorado health board
e Watch Robin Thicke's On-Air Plea to Estranged Wife Paula Patton
e Lindsay Lohan will perform on London stage in 'Speed-the-Plow'
t Apple, Google, Microsoft, Samsung and Carriers Back Anti-Theft Measures for  ...
b Japan's trade deficit quadruples on-year in March to Y1.45 tril
t Astronomers discover most 'habitable,' Earth-like planet yet
b Benchmark US crude slips lower on Libyan oil supply expectations
m Pregnant Women With High Risk For Preeclampsia Should Be On Low-Dose  ...
e John Carney's 'Sing Street' picked up by Weinstein Co.
b How to answer the Jill Abramson equal pay question
e Zack Snyder Tweets On The New Batmobile
t Google's Plan To Rid The World Of Steering Wheels
e Labor Dispute Could Shut Down The Metropolitan Opera
b Polaris CEO Scott Wine: New Target chief is 'a real high-energy guy'
e Disney's derivative 'Planes: Fire & Rescue' falls flat
e Miley Cyrus & Beyonce classes coming to colleges in the US
e James Gunn
e Cameron Diaz and Leslie Mann Drew Mustache on Sleeping Kate Upton (VIDEO)
b What Does VMware's Stock Price Say About the Company's Future?
t CryoSat Finds Sharp Increase in Antarctica's Ice Losses
b IMF Announces $18B of Ukraine Aid
m U.S. Finalizes Rule On Coal Dust
e 'Game of Thrones' finale draws 7.1 million viewers
b Bulgarian men arrested over bank run fears
m Study Links Reduced Sleep in Infants to Childhood Obesity
b SolarCity Corp's Silevo Purchase A Positive Strategic Move
t Climate panel warns emissions continue to rise
e How Darren Aronofsky and 'Noah' Got The Ark Wrong
t Microsoft to Shutter Xbox Television Show Studio
b Groceries tip scales for retail sales figures
b June PMIs are released in Norway and Sweden
e Pregnant Scarlett Johansson Chops Off Her Hair! See Her Dramatic Pixie Cut  ...
b Samsung Bendable TV Rolls Out In South Korea August 1st
e Demi Lovato Stuns At Logo TV's "Trailblazers" in Skin-Tight LBD
b UK rate hike may come sooner than expected, says Carney
e Wyatt Earp: Why Would Someone Pay $225K For His Gun?
b San Bruno officials release emails they say prove 'cozy' ties between PG&E  ...
e Jennifer Lawrence brought food to Oscars
t Jupiter's Great Red Spot is smaller than ever before seen
b May budget could impact interest rates
b The rising of the sons: Lachlan Murdoch to join his father Rupert at the top of  ...
b Google Bus Protests: How Far Is Too Far?
e Kanye West annoys wedding guests
t Microsoft Hopes 'Titanfall' will Boost Xbox One Sales
b SNC-Lavalin Group Inc aims to break into global ranks with $2.1-billion buy into  ...
e Report: Chelsea Handler Ending Chelsea Lately
e Rolling Stones to play in Israel after L`Wren tragedy
t Loch Ness Monster photo on Apple Maps?
e New Picture and Poster from David Cronenberg's 'Maps to the Stars'
e Kelly Osbourne shaves and tattoos head, posts photos on Instagram
e Man wearing bow-tie found hidden beneath early Picasso masterpiece — and  ...
e Inside Kim Kardashian's Dinner With Anna Wintour
t 31-Day Cousteau Expedition Signs of Our Future?
m Can Fortified Foods Provide Too Much of a Good Thing?
m As Ebola epidemic stalks West Africa, medics fight mistrust, hostility
e Arena Americas Installs Its Record Breaking Frieze Art Fair NY Venue
t Project Morpheus Hands-On: The Virtual Future is Very, Very Bright
b Amazon first-quarter profit up 18%
e Chris Brown's DC Mugshot Revealed, Bodyguard Case Off and Running
t Flappy Bird Creator Posts Screenshot From New Game
m Benefits of dark chocolate studied
b Earthfile: Who Benefits In The Business Of Genetically Modified Crops
t The FCC, Net Neutrality, and the Death of the American Dream
b IBM Beats on Earnings, Revenues; Positive Outlook for 2H - Analyst Blog
e Chris Brown's bodyguard Christopher Hollosy found guilty of assault
t Music Publishing Roundup 7.4.14: Songza + Google, Neilson Music Report  ...
e Chris Brown to Remain In Jail Until Probation Hearing on April 23
t Android apps will soon work on your Chromebooks
e Rick Ross' Super Jam 2014 Gig Dampened By Subsequent Arrest
e Cannes triumph: Palm d'Or awarded to Turkish 'Winter Sleep'
e Lana Del Rey Reveals 'Ultraviolence' Bonus Track 'Is This Happiness'
b Asia: Iraq anxiety sparks sell-off
t Xbox Studios Close to Deal with Showtime for Live Action Halo TV Series
m Tennessee accused of failing to follow health law
e First Close-Up Look At The Green Goblin In The Amazing Spider-Man 2
e Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin `prepared themselves for split whilst  ...
b Bank of America loses money in 1st quarter after settlement
e Taylor Swift Breaks Records with her RED Tour!
e Lorde tasked with Hunger Games soundtrack
t Facebook's New Privacy Feature
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Zoom Specs Leaked
b Huge job cuts at Barclays send FTSE higher
t Bronx Zoo welcomes two baby gorillas
b Amazon (AMZN) Fire Smartphone Unlikely to Hurt Apple (AAPL) iPhone
t Leaked image shows two iPhone 6 models
b PRECIOUS-Gold off 1-month low, but US rate hike fears cap gains
e Game of Thrones takes a break in 'Breaker of Chains'
t Captain Toad Treasure Tracker has been delayed in Europe
b AT&T on brink of $50bn deal for DirecTV
e Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield Have an Awesome Message for the Paparazzi
m A generation of sun worshippers means a spike in melanoma
b Warren Buffett puts shareholders ahead of patriotism in Canadian deal
b Strong jobs report could spur rate climb
e 'Aereo' Internet TV Faces Broadcast Cable & Satellite Companies In Copyright  ...
t Netflix Has A New Tool For Checking Streaming Video Quality
e Mila Kunis pregnant with first child with Ashton Kutcher
m SEE IT: New Jersey boy, 2, takes first steps with amputated left leg and right foot  ...
b America's Most Complained-About Airline: Spirit
t Mineral Reveals Reservoir Of Water Underneath Earth's Surface
e Kristen Stewart Dropped From 'Snow White And The Huntsman' Sequel
e Interview: 'Fargo' star Allison Tolman discusses being the dark story's hero
b Stocks Turning In Lackluster Performance Ahead Of Fed - US Commentary
m Home Community Charity walk hoping to bring cancer researchers...
t In Pictures: 6 reasons you'll love Windows Phone 8.1
e For Easter – Life's most important message
t Samsung Galaxy S6: What Fans Expect?
b Box Files For $250M IPO
e Chance The Rapper Brings Out Justin Bieber For 'Confident' Performance At  ...
b ADP: US Businesses Add 220K Jobs In April
t Federal Report: Climate Change Is Disrupting Americans' Lives
t Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella names Scott Guthrie head of cloud, Stephen Elop  ...
t Intel Unveils New Chromebooks Based on Latest Laptop Processors
b Turkish Attempt to Ban Twitter Backfires As Users Post Links to Corruption
e Game of Thrones- First of His Name
t Lockheed to build asteroid sampler
e Film Review: 'A Hard Day's Night'
t IPCC climate impacts report: At a glance
e Press tour: ABC goes diverse with 'Black-ish,' 'Cristela' & more
t Apple set for Spotify battle as it confirms $3bn Beats deal
m Sarepta Shares Surge on Muscular Dystrophy Drug Optimism
b This Week's Top Dow Stocks
e Brad Pitt to Portray Gen. Stanley McChrystal in Movie?
e NBC's 'Peter Pan Live!' Taps 'Girls' Star Allison Williams to Lead
b AstraZeneca Rejects Pfizer's 'Final Offer'
e Maya Rudolph's 'Unqualified Advice' for Job Seekers Calls for "Porky Pigging It"
b Slow wage growth, tight credit push down new home sales in July
t Google Glass gets an Android KitKat update
t Apple, Comcast, and net neutrality
e The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back  ...
t BlackBerry wins ban on Typo case that gave iPhone users a slice of qwerty life
e Andrew Rannells replacing Neil Patrick Harris in Broadway's Hedwig
m WHO calls on governments to do more to prevent alcohol-related deaths and  ...
e Crosby Stills Nash and Faux Young Perform Iggy Azalea For Jimmy Fallon
e Dina Lohan pleads guilty to DWI, speeding on LI
b BlackBerry beats profit expectations
e Nicole Kidman On Close Friend L'Wren Scott's Death: “Heartbroken And In Shock”
e The PROOF Hank Baskett Strayed? Transsexual At Center Of Cheating Scandal  ...
b Eurozone banks buy govt bonds in February
e Lady [Spoiler] Didn't Show Up in the Game of Thrones Finale. Good.
b Hazardous Cargo: Shipping Highly Flammable Bakken Crude Oil by Rail
e Publicist: Shia LaBeouf Being Treated For Alcoholism
e Twin Peaks Blu-Ray Teaser Released, Including Deleted Scenes From “Fire  ...
e Powdered Alcohol Approved By U.S. Regulators
e Halston Sage: Dating Zac Efron?
e Leonardo DiCaprio Takes Lead Role in Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu's Thriller  ...
b Target hires IT chief, switches to chip-and-PIN cards
b Apple in talks to purchase Beats for $3.2 billion
t Comcast And The Customer Rep From Hell
m 1.8 Million Pounds Of Ground Beef Recalled For Possible E. Coli Contamination
e 'Saturday Night Live' Review: Lena Dunham
m A Study Says A Daily Cup Of Coffee Is Good For Your Eyes
b PM denies Pfizer talks claim
e Chadwick Boseman gets on the good foot as James Brown in 'Get on Up'
e Morrissey Cancels Meyerhoff Show, Blames Opening Act
t Clear skies expected for meteors tonight
t UN climate change panel issues clear warning
t Health wearables maker Misfit is putting its software on Pebble smartwatches
b CURRENCIES: Pound Punches Higher On U.K. Manufacturing Growth
t Amazon removes preorder option from Hachette books
t Report: AT&T Nabs Amazon Phone Exclusive
e Miley Cyrus hospitalized, cancels Kansas concert, condition unknown  ...
t World Wide Web Inventor: I Wasn't Expecting Kittens
m McAuliffe orders review of abortion clinic rules
e A Hole new world! Courtney Love 'cast as a preschool teacher on Sons Of  ...
b Spain's Gowex to file for bankruptcy, says accounts were false
b Tesla Earnings Preview: 3 Key Factors Investors Should Look Out For
e Review | 'Brick Mansions' Lands With a Thud
e Hey, Young Adult Franchises: Stop Splitting Books Into Two Movies
b RPT-Fitch Affirms Pan Asia Banking Corporation at 'BBB(lka)'/Stable
e Chelsea Handler Will Leave E! Network After Her Late Night Show Contract  ...
t Loss of West Antarctic glaciers 'have passed the point of no return'
e X-Men Sequel Wins Memorial Day Box Office
b Nestle Sales Up Despite Slack Prices In Europe
b The Real Deal: FTC wants crackdown on Data Brokers
e Avril Lavigne: Enraged Fans Diss 'Hello Kitty' Video On YouTube
b Oil nears $107 as supply offsets global tensions
e Drew Barrymore welcomes 2nd daughter
b DirecTV to US lawmakers on AT&T deal: broadband 'changing everything'
t Oculus Will Host a Developer-Focused Conference Called “Oculus Connect”
t New HTC One vs Samsung Galaxy S5: Killer Looks vs Killer Usability
e Dave Richards: Hill-Tatum chemistry hilarious in 'Jump Street'
t Deep dives of devil rays solve 'mystery' of warm brain
e 'X-Men' set to soar at US holiday box office
t Electronic Arts Profit Grows 14%, Activision Hails 'World of Warcraft' Pre-Sales  ...
m Spread of Polio Declared an International Health Emergency
e The Cannes Palme d'Or: Who Won and Who Was Robbed
e 2014 Country Music Hall Of Fame Inductees Announced
e Northern California wildfire challenges crews
t General Motors Chooses Lehman Investigator Valukas To Probe Recall
e Beyoncé Named Forbes' Most Powerful Celebrity Ahead Of Jay Z, Dr. Dre, And  ...
b UniCredit says to sell DAB Bank stake to BNP Paribas
e 'She Will Always Be The Rainbow in My Clouds' Oprah on Maya Angelou's Death
b Box shock stock doc clocks 250 million bucks
b Etihad A332 at Kuala Lumpur on Jun 23rd 2014, rejected takeoff
t Automakers to recall air bags in humid parts of US - WAFB 9 News Baton Rouge  ...
e Harrison Ford recovering in hospital after injuring ankle on set of Star Wars  ...
t Microsoft launching the Xbox One in China
b Why America is still No.1
b Ikea's Raising Its Minimum Wage for US Workers Without Increasing Prices
e Zac Efron Reportedly Intoxicated + Punched After Running Out of Gas in Sketchy  ...
e Twitter Music shuts down, going offline April 18
e 'X-Men' director Bryan Singer's accuser sues three more men
b Government Warns Taxpayers About Phone Scam
m Teaching seniors to use the Internet reduces risk of depression
b Unemployment Stable & Improving Locally
b Fracking bill moves forward, could see permits as soon as July 2015
e Bret Hart Comments On Interacting With The Ultimate Warrior In New Orleans  ...
m Gene therapy can generate biological pacemaker; clinical trials may start in 3  ...
b Pfizer Vows Promises Are Binding
t Camelopardalid Meteor Shower: Earth to Intercept 'Dust Trails' Comet 209P  ...
e Turkish drama 'Winter Sleep' wins Cannes top prize
t Google Acquires Quest Visual to Bolster Mobile Translation Tools
e Anne Hathaway, Kristen Stewart Dress In Drag For Jenny Lewis Video
b MILLER: Obamacare is a Trojan horse for government-run health care starting in  ...
e Ryan Gosling Targets Busby Berkley Biopic
e ALS Ice Bucket Challenge: Derby Telegraph nominates city stars as reporters  ...
b BSkyB looking to buy Fox's pay-TV assets in Germany, Italy
e Netflix cracks cable market in deals with 3 providers
b Consumer spending climbs less than expected
m Consumer Reports: For now, don't spray sunscreen on kids
t WATCH: Stunning animation of what a close encounter with Saturn would look like
e VIDEO: IS this Selena Gomez sneaking into Niall Horan's hotel?
t Starbucks launches wireless charging
b Fed reduces 2014 growth forecast
b Gold, Silver Post Weekly Gain; US Mint Bullion Sales Slower
b SAC Capital to be sentenced in $1.8B fraud deal
b US stocks inch up; Iraq concerns weigh
e Zac Efron at SXSW: "Seth Rogen Was Sort of My God As a Teenager"
e 'Mean Girls' Movie Reunion: Tina Fey, Lindsay Lohan Reveal Plans; Will There  ...
b Samsung Electronics says Q2 operating profit likely fell 24.5 pct
b Costa delivers more strong sales
t Chuck E. Cheese Tests Out Oculus Rift Birthday Parties
b Market Basket Deadline Passes, Employees Who Walk Out Will Be Replaced
b Walmart Had A Pretty Bad First Quarter, Thanks To Awful Weather
t Will you use your super powers for good or evil?
b Intel surging, Express jumping on stake, Yelp investors betting on sale  ...
e Fathers have ability to mess up their sons, says Andrew Garfield
b Mark Carney To Be Grilled On Scottish Independence, Interest Rates And Markets
t The death of Nokia and the rise of 'Microsoft Mobile'
t Ripples from the Big Bang detected by team including U of M scientist
e Meryl Davis and Maksim Chmerkovskiy Get Close During Celebratory Dinner in  ...
b Fed Officials in June Discussed Role for Interest on Reserves
e 'Transformers 4′: 5 Reasons Mark Wahlberg Will Kill It As New Star
e MET Gala 2014 Photos: Behind the Scenes with Kim Kardashian
e 'The Bachelorette' recap: And then there were two ...
m Merck Hepatitis C drugs give New Hopes to Patients Study
b Samsung's lackluster Q1 earnings meet expectations
t Ford recalling 435000 vehicles for 2 glitches
b Asian stock markets muted as fall in China inflation weighed against weak Wall  ...
e Detroit elementary school choir sings feel-good rendition of Pharrell's 'Happy,' it  ...
b Eurozone Unemployment Remains At Elevated Level
b Kroger acquires Vitacost.com, anticipates expansion of online delivery services  ...
t Super-heavy Element 117 does exist
t 'Burger King Baby' happy to be reunited with mom who left her, forgives her '110  ...
t Harley-Davidson's Project LiveWire
m State Highlights: Va. Abortion Clinic Reg Review; Calif. Budget and Medi-Cal
t GM halts sales of Chevy Cruzes
b AbbVie's takeover of Shire Win-win
t eBay urges customers to change passwords after massive cyberattack on  ...
e Diane Sawyer stepping down from World News, David Muir promoted
t NASA to launch Orbiting Carbon Observatory, eye on the sky for climate change
b Interest rates: does Mark Carney know something we don't?
e Who Got Lindsay Lohan Pregnant? 2014 Miscarriage Revealed While Filming  ...
m March is Nation Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month; Experts encourage testing
b BoJ holds stimulus program steady
e ABC renews 'Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.' and orders 'Captain America' series
m Processed Red Meat Increases Heart Failure and Early Death Risk in Men
t GM adds Powermat wireless charging to Cadillacs, starting with Lansing-built ATS
e Pythons leave them singing at London reunion show
e Weekend Watch: Muppets Most Wanted, Divergent, Bad Words, Anita, Dark  ...
b Will the ECB cut interest rates further this week?
m Pregnant women should take iodine
b Bank of Japan's Kuroda says economy can weather sales tax hike
m Watch List - PTC Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:PTCT), LiveDeal Inc (NASDAQ  ...
e Anti-Russian Sentiment Rises Ahead of Eurovision Final
t Guardian develops Google Glassware for launch of Glass Explorer programme  ...
b Family Dollar to close about 370 stores, cut jobs
e Weekend wedding bells: Jodie Foster secretly marries girlfriend
e VIDEO: Watch the First Trailer for Fox's Batman Prequel Gotham
m Young cancer survivor will get experimental treatment
t Fiat CEO Sergio Marchionne: You'll Probably End Up Paying For Recalls
e Man Raises $10000 on Kickstarter to Make a Bowl of Potato Salad
b Turkey has no plans to block social media apart from Twitter
t Operation Clandestine Fox: Hackers attacking computers through new Internet  ...
b UK Inflation Rate Falls to Lowest Since 2009 on Motor Fuel (1)
t Google in talks to buy stake in Virgin Galactic for satellite technology
e 'Game of Thrones' season 4, episode 8 preview: Peter Dinklage in 'The Mountain  ...
m DOES MOTHER REALLY KNOW BEST? AIRING ON “20/20″
b TN to receive $2.8M from e-book price-fixing agreement
e 'Sex Tape' Red Band Trailer: This Movie Will Be Dated a Week After Release
t Panamanian ex-dictator sues Activision over Black Ops II appearance
m NYPD officers to carry heroin overdose antidote
m Many believe in medical conspiracies
e One Direction's Zayn Malik and Louis Tomlinson shown smoking pot in self  ...
e Shailene Woodley Thinks Your Vagina Needs A Little Vitamin D
t Verizon data queries nearly 150000 in 2014
t Samsung unveils Galaxy Tab S tablet with superb display
b Siemens makes offer for Alstom power business, French minister says
b UK inflation hits new four-year low in Feb, house prices up sharply
b Brief Correction Ends As S&P 500 Hits A New High
b Forex snapshot
e Ratings notes: 'True Detective' finale, ABC's 'Resurrection' premiere, 'Once Upon  ...
e Beyonce on the cover of Time magazine
e Scoop: AMERICAN IDOL on FOX - Thursday, May 1, 2014
b PRECIOUS-Gold ticks lower, US dollar holds near peak
b EBay Applauds Icahn Backing Away From Push to Sell PayPal
t Cisco plans to build the world's largest network of clouds for supporting the  ...
b Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Q1 Earnings Preview: Too Much Risk to Trade
t German Media CEO Says Google, Facebook Are Becoming Too Powerful
e Knife-wielding man arrested outside 'Good Morning America' studio, tells cops he
e George Clooney Hits Out at Tabloid That Allegedly Put His Fiancee's Life in  ...
e New Bieber video surfaces with racist jokes
b McDonald's struggles worsened by snow
e ENTERTAINMENT: Gwen Stefani to coach new season of 'The Voice'
e Kristen Bell And The Cast Of 'Veronica Mars' Do The Marshmallow Challenge  ...
b York County land trust acquires farm in Berwick
t Samsung Galaxy S5 fails to outsell iPhone in the UK
b Obama order forces Philly rail workers back on job - WOWK 13 Charleston  ...
b Brean Capital Increases Hewlett-Packard Company Price Target to $40.00 (HPQ)
t Microsoft Thinks It's Completely Fine to Snoop Into Your Information
t NASA Working On “Swarmies” Robots
t O-Types: Death Stars In Orion Blast Proplyds To Dust
t US government sues T-Mobile USA
e 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier' Will Keep You Glued to Screen
e Chris Martin: Coldplay Lead Singer Joins 'The Voice' As An Advisor
m Home-care provider pays $150M to settle fraud charges
b 6.4% More New Home Sales in April
b Chipotle Menu Prices Rise as Popularity Increases; Mexican Food Chain Says  ...
e Why only a Christmas crib, Easter is bigger
b Oil Falls After Libyan Rebels Reopen Ports
t Uhuru Reiterates Commitment to Preserve Environment
e Monty Python live farewell shows aim for Jagger-like energy jolt
b Private job gains in June largest in 1.5 years
b US Dollar to Japanese Yen Exchange Rate in Bullish Trend; GBP/JPY Struggles  ...
e 'The Bachelorette' makes a rare move after deceased contestant Eric Hill's  ...
b Week In FX Americas – Are The Majors Caught Behind The Curve?
b Failure and Fraud, Be Damned: Citigroup Beats the Street in Q1
b Protesters shut McDonald's HQ; 138 arrested
m Sugeon General issues tanning warning, causes skin cancer
t Apple users urged to change passwords after Oleg Pliss hack attack
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Mini available from July
m We need to step up the fight against Alzheimer's
e 'Chelsea Lately' series finale: 50 Cent, Ellen DeGeneres nude shower fight
e World ( Leaderboard Top ), pagematch: 1, sectionmatch: 1
b Week in Tech: 5 must-know things
e $10 potato salad idea nets more than $36000
b BMW to Build New $1 Billion Plant in Mexico, Production Starts in 2019
e FULL LIST: Winners, nominees...
e Movie Timetable
b A Fine Line in Revealing the Illness of the CEO
m Forgotten vials of smallpox found in cardboard box
b Fewer homeowners underwater on their mortgages
b NBS: China's new house prices continue to rise in March
e Fox To Broadcast New 'Grease Live' Musical In 2015
t What Could The Samsung Galaxy S6 Bring To The Table?
b Auto safety watchdog questions NHTSA's explanation in GM's 'ignition-switch  ...
t HTC One Mini 2: UK Release Date, Price and Tech Specs Revealed
t Shanghai to San Francisco in two hours via supersonic submarine
b Corn biofuel 'worse for global warming than gas'
b Dollar steady after US jobs data, euro wary of ECB stimulus
b [Ticker] ECB keeps key interest rate unchanged
e Weekend of wildfires in Russell County
e Saw that video of strangers kissing for the first time that we all loved and helped  ...
b MtGox finds 200000 Bitcoins in 'forgotten' wallet
t US stocks edge lower in early trading
t PS4 Receiving Massive Performance Boost From Team ICE, Xbox One Port  ...
e BREAKING: Harrison Ford Injured On The Set Of Star Wars: Episode VII
b Candy Crush makers seek up to $7.6bn IPO valuation
b No need to change current monetary policy - Yellen
e 'How I Met Your Mother' finale: 5 Stages of Grief
b Matthew Fisher: Russia's much-hyped $400B gas deal with China leaves  ...
b Investor's Watch List- Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR), Hewlett-Packard Company  ...
e Cannes 2014: the best pictures from the 67th Cannes Film Festival
e Hidden man found painted beneath the surface of Picasso masterpiece
e Mila Kunis & Ashton Kutcher Don't Like Surprises & Have Been Talkin' Babies  ...
e 'Oculus': Scariest movie mirror ever?
b European Stocks Higher On Stimulus Hopes, Stoxx 600 Up 0.37%
e Bachelorette 2014 Spoilers: Eric Hill – The Scene That Went Wrong!
e Mount Everest daredevil jump by Joby Ogwyn canceled by Discovery after  ...
e Castle Season 6 Finale Live Stream Free: Watch Episode 23 'For Better or  ...
t Apple's MacBook Air is now faster and $100 cheaper
b Tax Freedom Day
e Coachella 2014: Giant astronaut invades music festival, inspires 1990s MTV  ...
e Mail Online Apologizes to George Clooney for Story About His Fiancee's Mother
m Cost of mosquito control increases
t Lenovo, others unveil new Google Chrome laptops
m Massachusetts coverage proved a lifesaver
t Samsung rumoured to announce the all-metal Galaxy Alpha next month
t Apple refreshes its MacBook Air range with faster processors, while dropping all  ...
e Gwar: Frontman Dave Brockie found dead at his home, aged 50
m Community rallies in cancer cure support
m Saudi King visits Jeddah to allay Mers fears
t Smartphone Kill-Switch Bill Passes Senate
b Yatsenyuk suggests EU start receiving Russian gas on Ukraine's border with  ...
e Joss Whedon releasing 'In Your Eyes' for $5 digital download following its  ...
e Prosecutors oppose McDonnell bid for more details
b Striking a Balance Between Energy Reality and Ideological Fantasy
b Alibaba Group's founder saw Internet's potential for China
b FAA proposes to fine Southwest Airlines $12 million
e Oprah Audition Tape From 1983: How Things Have Changed!
m Drinkable sun cream goes on sale
b Thursday Evening Business Brief
b Fed Has Little Uncertainty, Despite Forecasting Misses
m Experimental Procedure Could Create 'Biological Pacemaker'
t Google launches platform for wearables
b American Apparel founder suspended
e Transformers: Age of Extinction, review: 'spectacular junk'
t Cygnus freighter arrives at space station
t Brean Capital Upgrades Time Warner Cable to "Buy" (TWC)
b Smartphones weigh on Samsung
b Australian PM confident pings coming from MH370's black box
e Kourtney And Khloe Kardashian Rent $14 million Hamptons Mansion To Film  ...
m Guinea Ebola outbreak: Bat-eating banned to curb virus
t AT&T to install superfast internet in St. Louis
t Newly discovered dinosaur called the 'chicken from hell'
t Finally! Apple replaces the iPad 2 with the last-gen iPad 4 at the same price  ...
b Alibaba files for IPO
b Forex - EUR/USD erases gains after US jobs data
t Blood Moon Lunar Eclipse April 15: Pastor John Hagee to talk 'Four Blood Moon  ...
t Google Restores Links To Some News Articles After Outcry
t Is Samsung Testing a Premium Galaxy Smartphone?
b China PMI hits six-month high
b BNP Paribas to pay $8.9b to settle US sanctions violations
e Christians across North Mississippi celebrate Easter
b Walmart to Begin Selling Less Expensive Organic Food
m Calorie Count Reaches New Highs With 'Fattest' Fast Food: Red Robin's 3540  ...
m Samsung Electronics jumps over 4 percent on restructuring speculation
b 9 companies pledge $26.8M to DIA's Detroit bankruptcy 'grand bargain  ...
m FDA Issues Warnings About Medicines Used For Teething Infants
e Beyonce & Jay Z Attend Nets Game After Solange Fight Leaks
e 'The Bachelorette' season finale: Nick or Josh?
b BNP Paribas pleads guilty to violating US sanctions, will pay $8.8B
e Production On 'The Big Bang Theory' …
b Keeping track of key financial birthdays
e Celebrities boycott Brunei-owned hotels over Shariah law
b BOE's Carney Reintroduces the Market to Policy Risk
t Facebook's "Nearby Friends" Feature Will Help You Organize Impromptu High  ...
b 5-Hour Energy drink makers sued for false claims
m Hospital CIOs rip ICD-10 delay in SGR patch legislation
m Challenges Mount for Doctors Fighting Deadly Ebola Outbreak
b US stocks rise, push Dow to record; euro slips on ECB view
e Gymnast dominates American Ninja course that would break you in two
e JK Rowling Shares New 'Harry Potter' Story
b US jobs growth recovery; low Euro bond yields; sharp drop in US stocks; Nigeria  ...
e Peaches Geldof cause of death still unknown as British police search for answers
e WATCH: Jay Z Brutally Attacked by Solange Knowles in Elevator
b Asian Stocks Fall Ahead Of US Earnings
b Banks must not punish non-maintenance of minimum balance: Raghuram Rajan
t Amazon's first smartphone revealed in leaked photos
m Bristol-Myers Squibb, Pfizer announce FDA approval of Eliquis for DVT prophylaxis
b March Manufacturing Index Falls 2.8%; Still Growing
m Severity of prostate cancer undermined in half of tests
e Kim 'missing wedding build up'
e FX's 'Fargo' draws inspiration from its namesake in all the best ways
e Frost, Cooper guitarist Dick Wagner dies at 71
e Lindsay Lohan was almost in 'The Avengers'; here she is on a stripper pole
e Obama opens Asia-Pacific trip in Tokyo
e Justin Bieber's Racist Video Gets a (Worse) Sequel
m Ebola Virus Disease in West Africa: 844 Cases, 518 Deaths
b Delta plane loses part of wing en route to Atlanta
e Gomez' parents opposed to Bieber reunion
e Beyoncé Performs Her Self-Titled Visual Album At VMAs
b Walgreen Company Price Target Raised to $95.00 at Susquehanna (WAG)
e Cal Fire--Cause Determined on Recent Fires posted Monday, June 30, 2014 11  ...
m Prostrate Cancer Awareness month: Facts and advice
t Facebook back up after suffering 10 minute global outage
m Medical Marijuana Shown to Be Effective in Treating Some Symptoms of Multiple  ...
e Mike Leigh and Ken Loach films selected for Cannes
e Leonardo DiCaprio Busts A Move At Coachella: But Is It Really Him? [Video]
b Stocks Sag as Retailers Routed, Caterpillar Cracks
b Supply and Demand monthly numbers released
e Mila Kunis Baby Update! Why Natural Childbirth Was Right Choice For Ashton  ...
m Stimulation restores some function for 4 paralyzed men
b Detroit strikes two deals over pensions with police, firefighters, other former  ...
b World Markets Struggle as Ukraine and Israel Crisis Linger
b National Briefs: Data broker measure urged
e Critics pan 'The Bachelorette' over handling contestant Eric Hill's death
b What you need to know before the US open
t Duly Noted: Local groups seek Obama library for stimulus as much as prestige  ...
b Stocks are mixed in choppy trading as companies report mostly better earnings  ...
e Bits and Bytes: Amazon brings music to Prime... well, some music
b Barclays accused of 'dark pool' fraud
b BRIEF: SC's unemployment rate drops to lowest since March 2008
e Tom and Gisele SELLING Mega-Estate in LA!!!!!
b MH370: DCA and Inmarsat working to make 'raw data' public
t Nest and Google Launch Developer Program for Smart Home Communication
m Working women in US who survive breast cancer and chemo 30% more likely to  ...
m Craft Show scheduled to help out Relay for Life
b Motorola's Enterprise Business sold for US$3.45 Billion to Zebra Technologies
e George Clooney, Steve Wynn Trade Verbal Barbs During Las Vegas Dinner
e Craig Ferguson Leaving The Late Late Show
b Who the monster dollar-store merger should scare
t Mars anniversary for NASA's Curiosity rover
b Author James Patterson Calls For Action Against Amazon
t WWDC 2014: Six features Apple borrowed from Android and others for iOS 8
e LIFETIME'S NEW DOCU-SERIES "TRUE TORI" CAPTIVATES 1.2 MILLION  ...
e New Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Trailer – Plus character posters for the young  ...
t U.S. companies press for net neutrality
e Mulaney Trailer Showcases Stand-Up, Friendship, Martin Short And More
e Delevingne, Rodriguez spotted kissing in Mexico
t Windows XP support ends today: Here's why you need to upgrade
m Death toll from Ebola virus rises to 95 in Guinea
b EBay rejects Carl Icahn board nominees, asks investors to do same
t 'Nearby Friends' helps find Facebook users in the real world
t Obama looks to weathermen to show way the wind blows on climate
e 'Guardians of the Galaxy' relaxes Marvel's seriousness, but not enough
b UPDATE 4-JPMorgan's Dimon has throat cancer, to begin treatment shortly
e Review: 'Noah' finds rough seas
e Lord Mayor seeking Brooks solution
b Why OpenTable Inc Shares Skyrocketed Today
e Box Office Report: Unfriendly Neighbors Dethrone The Amazing Spider-Man 2
e The Voice Round 2 Battles: Who Got Four Coach Standing Ovation?
e 'American Idol' Season 13 Top 3 Results Recap: Who Was Sent Home Before  ...
m WHO: 'Drastic Action' Needed in Worst Ever Ebola Outbreak; Nearly 500 Dead
m Tips to reduce allergens in home
e THE GOOD WIFE Preview: Alicia Tries To Make Sense of Will's Death
t GM issues a new recall for an additional 3.5 mil cars, total tallying to over 20 mil  ...
e Two young actors have been cast in lead roles in the next Star Wars film.
e LAPD digs into shooting of 'Shield' actor's wife
b 100 million Chinese to get 'city resident' papers as part of urbanisation plan
b Pound Sterling Outlook vs the US Dollar Exchange Rate
m Live Virus Implicates Camels in MERS Outbreak
b Medical device maker Medtronic eyes $45-bn deal
b SC population now almost 4.8 million
e 'Star Wars: Episode 7' Adds Newcomer Christina Chong
b Tax Day 2014 Starts: When is the Deadline for Filing Taxes? How to File an  ...
t Tesla Motors: All our patents are belong to you
e Review: B'way's 'Violet' shows beauty in its score
b Alcoa share price up on better than expected results kicking of earnings season
e 'Noah' hits rough religious waters onscreen
e Hello Ireland! Send a St Patrick's Day greeting home
t The FCC Picks Another Fight Online
t Ford to Build Limited Edition Mustang to Celebrate 50th Anniversary
b Google revenue, profit up in Q1, but Wall Street not impressed
e Craig Ferguson Is The Latest Host To Announce Talk Show Departure
m Pistorius was not mentally ill when he shot Reeva Steenkamp, experts find
b Is the UK falling behind? OECD results underscore the importance of financial  ...
e Justin Bieber cleared in LA attempted robbery case -- city attorney
t FCC's Net Neutrality Rules Being Condemned By Top Tech Companies!
m Study Finds No Link Between Saturated Fats And Heart Disease
e 'Transformers' turns into box office behemoth with $100M opening
e Hello? It's Not That Hard! BET Awards In Major Fail As They Misspell Lionel  ...
e Kanye West declares 'he's a Kardashian' in reception speech May 26, 3:50 pm
t Feinberg lays out GM victim compensation plan
e 24-year-old concertgoer dies after collapsing during Coachella Valley Music and  ...
b 2 counties in Southern Oregon ban GMOs
m Will West Nile threat be bad this summer?
b Procter & Gamble to slim down product lineup - FOX 32 News Chicago
t GM ignition-switch recall poses first big test for new CEO
b BP warns of impact of Russia sanctions on profits
m Wet winter weather may affect Halifax allergy sufferers this spring
b Amazon smartphone event: Fire Phone announced, includes head tracking and  ...
t Samsung's 28-inch, 4K monitor to sell for $699.99
e Cyrus bares skin, emotions at Barclays Center
e Black America Needs a 'Let's Move' Campaign Against Smoking
e Haute 100 LA Update: Elton John Creates the Frankie Knuckles Fund
m Paralympian Oscar Pistorius Declared Mentally Fit When He Killed Model  ...
t General Motors to Inspect Recall - Analyst Blog
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Concept Image Packs 5.7-Inch Screen and 21MP Camera
t Snapchat settles with FTC over privacy issues
b US drugs giant Pfizer races to beat deadline with £55-a-share deal for  ...
b Malaysia: More satellite data show possible jet debris in Indian Ocean
t Google wants Android to dominate world market
t When is the Blood Moon expected? Everything you need to know about the rare  ...
e Fast & Furious 7: Paul Walker's brothers help to shoot
e Chris Brown relays message to fans via ex-girlfriend Karrueche Tran (Video)
t Wireless Carriers Vow to End the Billion-Dollar Billing Fraudsters
m New Mers deaths take Saudi toll to 173
b Analyst: King Digital Entertainment Beats Street Expectations
b If Pfizer's AstraZeneca takeover succeeds, bad news for UK research
t ET Atari games found in landfill
b Elaborate Aspen-area wedding in a meadow sparks complaints about harm to  ...
m Red Robin 'Monster' contains 3540 calories
b US Expands Sanctions Against Russia / MH17 Update
b WTI Rebounds as Crude Stockpiles Shrink at Cushing; Brent Steady
e Kim Kardashian had 'extremely long' wedding kiss
b Ally Financial IPO could generate $2.7 billion for US Treasury
e 'Star Wars Episode 7' Cast and Movie News: Director JJ Abrams Writes Letter to  ...
e Ed Speleers a Star Wars contender new
b IRS awards bonuses to 1100 employees who owe back taxes
m Pollen seasons changing, asthma and allergy rates on the rise
t Drones, Glass, Implants, Driverless Cars, and Robots, Oh My: American Attitudes  ...
e PINK FLOYD to Release First Studio Album in Two Decades!
e 'Brick Mansions' sad in more ways than one
b Deepwater Horizon: four years on and offshore safety remains questionable
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Specifications, Possible Design Rumored
e Ex-teen model drops third Hollywood suit
m 28 mumps cases reported at OSU, instances stretch back more than a century
e 'Everything we do is pro-vinyl'
b In latest big pharma deal, Bayer AG agrees to buy Merck unit for $14.2 billion
e Daniel Radcliffe Shaves A Stranger's Head On 'Jimmy Kimmel Live', Looks Hot  ...
e Film review: Transcendence
t Ford ad agency mocks Cadillac ad in YouTube video
e Lupita Nyong'o considered career in alternative medicine
t Your Friday funny: The Daily Show eviscerates Google Glass wearers
e 'Extraordinary and a shining star' Dynasty and Doctor Who legend Kate O'Mara  ...
m Nanoviricides develops new drug candidates against MERS infection
b Twitter COO quits in power struggle with CEO
t The Lyrids Meteor Shower Should Put On a Show Overnight
b Barnes & Noble confirms it will spin out its Nook ebook business as a separate  ...
b Gold drops more than 1% after robust U.S. payrolls data
t NUMBER CODING IN FRANCE | Polluted Paris forces thousands of cars off the  ...
b How income inequality can lead to more financial crises
e Peaches Geldof tributes: Sinead O'Connor, President Higgins and Holly  ...
e Joan Rivers controversially blasts Lena Dunham: 'Stay fat, get diabetes'
t Sprint agrees to pay $7.5M to FCC in 'Do Not Call' settlement
e Slate's Culture Blog
b UK February Inflation Lowest Since 2009
e Say What? Gwen Stefani May Join NBC's 'The Voice'
t £69.99 ZTE Open C now available on eBay
e James Franco slams Spring Breakers 2: 'It will be a terrible film'
b Turmoil in Iraq is pushing up US gasoline prices
e I may quit acting, says Megan Fox
t America's Unused Game Consoles Eat Up as Much Power as All of Houston
e Not so powerful 'Oz'
b George Says Fed Should Allow Asset Runoff Prior to Rate Rise
b Airbus and Safran to launch rockets
t Google removing BBC link was 'not a good judgement'
t Wearable device shipments to grow over five-fold by 2018, study says
e Mick Jagger's girlfriend died by suicide, coroner's report confirms
b Is the US Stock Market Rigged?
t More Than 100 Tech Firms Join Together to Oppose 'Net Neutrality' Plan
b Ranbaxy surge ahead of Sun deal points to insider trading
b Stock Update: Amazon.com Inc (NASDAQ:AMZN) – Can Amazon Remain  ...
e Video: Miley Cyrus postpones US leg of tour due to illness
e The Daily Dish
e 13 comments to “Miranda Kerr Talks Sex & Orlando Bloom In Titillating Nude  ...
t Amazon ponders Netflix-like service for ebooks - report
t FTC Claims T-Mobile Crammed Consumers For Years With Unauthorized Charges
e Vinyl helps keep record stores in the black
e Game of Thrones Season 4 Premiere Smashes Records (VIDEO)
t Looks like Facebook had a break, did you have it too?
b Burger King announces $11.4 billion merger
b Stress test results set off scramble inside Citigroup
e Diamond Dallas Page Addresses His Nancy Grace Appearance
b Brent Crude Heads for Weekly Gain
t Monitoring climate change from space
b Credit Suisse pleads guilty to helping 'tax cheats'
b Hong Kong shares rise
e 30 Dirty Pics To Celebrate Khloe Kardashian's 30th Birthday!
m Breastfeeding initiation and success impacted by diabetes status of mother
t Samsung Looks to Continue Tablet Growth With Fingerprint Sensor
b Study: 11 percent of long-term unemployed in U.S. find jobs
t For The First Time, Astronomers Find Asteroids Can Have Rings
b India's once iconic Ambassador car grinds to a halt
m Meta analysis confirms physical activity reduces breast cancer risk in all women
t What you should expect at Google I/O 2014
t Senate passes 'kill switch' law for smartphones sold in California
b FOREX-Yen grinds lower as global stocks rally, dollar holds steady
e UPDATE: Justin Bieber Detained At LAX: What Happened, Why Did Customs  ...
m 34-year-old Woman Sara Lugger Wins after Losing Weight
t Viewing Total Lunar Eclipse and More Evidence against a Prophetic Omen
e Kanye West Declares Love for Family
e Sharknado 2 a runaway ratings hit
t Researchers discover mouse species with elephant genes
b IRS Paid $1 Million in Bonuses to Employees Who Still Owed Back Taxes
t Largest flying bird: Fossil's 21-foot wingspan as big as Blackhawk helicopter
b Hormel to Acquire Muscle Milk Maker for $450 Million
e Find Out How Jessica Simpson Lost Weight before Her Wedding; First Official  ...
b Pinterest's new round of funding values startup at $5 billion
b FAA probes near miss between United planes over Houston
t Bigfoot Evidence Falls Short
b P&G Plans to Divest or Shed 90-100 of its Brands
e Arnold Schwarzenegger And Jimmy Fallon Join QVC, Just So Jimmy Could Get  ...
e Emily Blunt reveals what Tom Cruise is really like on set after filming Edge of  ...
e Transcendence: Dull Depp dooms thriller
e Cesar Chavez Weekend
b Oracle may buy Micros Systems for more than $5 bln: Report
m 3-D mammography test appears to improve breast cancer detection rate
m Mosquito-borne illness increasing across US
t CORRECTED-UPDATE 1-Commercial US cargo ship reaches space station
m King moves to reassure Saudis as MERS deaths hit 85
e 10 Things to Know for Today
t SAMSUNG GALAXY TAB S 10.5-INCH AND 8.4-INCH
b Roche to buy US biotech company Seragon for as much as US$1.7 bil.
t Report: Watch Dogs PR Stunt Causes Evacuation of Sydney NineMSN Offices
b Malaysian PM urges full access to crash site
t Dawn of the Planet of the Apes
e Robin Thicke Trots Out Tots For His New 'Still Madly Crazy' Video
t Canada Revenue Agency pushes tax deadline to May 5 after Heartbleed bug
m San Diego Zoo's new baby gorilla has pneumonia
b Expansion in euro zone factory activity eases in May - PMI
e Ebert statue about to get a permanent home
t Apple Cuts Mac Book Pro Price by Rs 11000 in India
t Astronauts at ISS send best wishes to Football Teams at FIFA World Cup 2014
e Game of Thrones Season 4 Episode 2 Live Stream Free: Watch HBO 'Lion and  ...
t REPORT: France's Iliad Makes Offer For T-Mobile, Shares Spike
e Khloe Kardashian Dumps Family For French Montana
b Trulia Inc (TRLA) Won't End Zillow Inc's (Z) String of Losses
t Global Warming: Official Report Shows Climate Change is Human-Caused  ...
t TweetDeck back online, questionable security flaw fix in place
e Beyoncé joins Solange for surprise Coachella performance
e Craig Ferguson quits 'Late Late Show'
m Crafty alcohol advertising directed at US adolescents through music and branding
e The things they say:
m Report: State has health inequality
e The Billboard Music Awards get dazzled by Jackson hologram
t Apple, IBM Partner on Business-Minded Mobile Apps
e 'The Walking Dead' Season 4 Finale Delivers 15.7 Million Viewers & 10.2 Million  ...
b EUR/USD: German ZEW Slid To 10 Month Low
t Chinese media warns US tech companies are cyber 'threats'
e Kendall Jenner hits the 2014 Much Music Video Awards without her knickers
e The story of Easter, from Passover to chocolate eggs
t Do leaked internal slides point towards larger iPhone 6 screens?
e Country singer Brad Paisley posts selfies with Westboro members
e Author Charlaine Harris on the End of True Blood, Viewer Backlash, and  ...
b Families are finding alternatives to student loans
e Chris Evans's Captain America Workout Routine Involved Ribbon Twirling
b US Producer Prices Rise 0.5%--Update
t Google developing tablet with advanced vision technology
e Watch Journey's Steve Perry Return to the Stage
t Honda, Mazda and Nissan Join Airbag Recall Expansion
e Harry Potter is back, as JK Rowling publishes new short story
m More Pot, Less Cocaine: Sizing Up America's Illicit Drug Market
t FCC extends 1st deadline to comment on net neutrality
e Many people attending Swedish DJ's Boston dance music show hospitalized  ...
t Review: Samsung Galaxy TabPro 8.4 makes tiny tabs business-friendly
b Market overview: BoE minutes strike odd tone, says analyst
t Combining lasers could shrink particle accelerators from kilometers to meters
e Kim Kardashian Major Fashion Fail: Plunging Sheer Blouse And Leather Skirt  ...
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Is the Upgrade You Can Skip
b banker turned pot entrepreneur
e Family: Jimmy Scott, jazzman with ethereal high voice, dies in Las Vegas at 88
e X-Men: Future Days of The Past - Spoiler Alert
b Yen firms in Asia on Iraq, pound hit 5-year high
b BlackBerry Passport Could Be The Q30
t Google Glass can help you survive the zombie apocalypse
b US May Lose Economic Top Spot to China This Year – Report
b Valeant's (VRX) Revised Offer for Allergan (AGN) is Credit-Positive Development  ...
e Game Of Thrones 'Breaker of Chains' Episode Breaks Fans' Hearts Instead
t Internet Explorer security flaw could allow hackers to take control of your computer
e Man stuck at Las Vegas airport, lip-syncs Celine Dion's 'All By Myself'
e Fast and Furious 7: Paul Walker scenes to be completed with CGI
t Samsung: Patents developed by Google engineers
e Watch: Hilary Duff heads to the beach in 'Chasing the Sun' video
e 'Godzilla' Movie, Trailer & Box Office: Film Stomps Out Competition With $93  ...
m Study: one third of Alzheimer's cases are preventable
t Gbatteries BatteryBox With BatteryOS Technology Charges For Longer And Won  ...
b Dealing with compact car recall, GM names new safety chief
e Disney And Pixar Announce The Incredibles 2 And Cars 3‏
t NASA's 'swarmies' to explore other Planets
b US Big Three Auto-Makers Post Sales Increase in May
t Verizon XLTE Rebrands 4G LTE for Extra Mobile Device Speed
t Google Fit to be launched at I/O developer conference
m Breakthrough in wireless charging of medical implants
e Eminem to release 'Headlights' video on Mother's Day
e Rihanna Is Pure Sex At The MTV Movie Awards!!!
t 1888 shipwreck found in San Francisco Bay
t International Court of Justice declares Japan's research whaling in Antarctica  ...
b MH370 searchers rush to co-ordinates where satellite detected metal debris but  ...
t Samsung, Trek bicycles join hands to enhance cycling experience
t Samsung Galaxy S5 smartphone makes global debut
e Michael Jackson
t Android 4.4.2 KitKat Update Details For Samsung Galaxy S3 Revealed: i9300  ...
m Diabetic Walgreens worker wins $180K settlement
t Pinocchio rex: Paleontologists discover long-snouted T. rex in China
m Pakistan grapples with polio fight
t April 2014 NPD: PS4 continues dominance over Xbox One as Titanfall scoops  ...
e LA funeral for L'Wren Scott
b Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Jefferies Group  ...
m Chikungunya virus cases confirmed in NC, US Virgin Islands
b Hong Kong shares end flat
t Microsoft to Launch Windows Phone 8.1 'Selfie' Smartphone, Plus Another High  ...
b Uber expanding car service to San Luis Obispo
e TV Review: TRUE BLOOD – Season 7 – “I Found You”
e Blake Lively And Beyonce Cosy Up At Gucci's Chime For Change Event
t Carl Icahn Happy Tweets Over Strong Apple Results Announced Yesterday
b Today in the News: Ford CEO to retire, reports say
t Samsung's Gear 2, Gear 2 Neo and Gear Fit Now On Sale Worldwide
b Investigators probe fresh clue in hunt for missing jet as search area narrows
b Legislators Request Documentation of CFPB Actions
m Existence of STAP cells remains a mystery
e Southwest Shines With Flight Attendant's Viral Video as Social Media Sours for  ...
t Review: Laptop features costly in new Samsung Galaxy Note Pro
t Fifth of Americans Believe Humans Will Control the Weather in Future
b UK unemployment hits 5-year low; wage growth meets inflation
b Federal approval for Colorado health plan
e SNUBBED! Denzel Washington DID NOT Earn a Tony Nomination for "A Raisin  ...
m Concerned about Public Health? Stop Fighting PrEP
t Report: NSA Has Plans To Infect “Millions” Of Computers With Malware
b Candy Crush King Prices IPO at $22.50 a Share
t Apple $250 iPhone Trade-In
t T-Mobile accused by FTC of adding millions worth of “bogus charges” to  ...
b Senate Puts GSE Housing Reform Bill on Indefinite Hold
b Turkey Banned Twitter and Now Everyone There Is On It
e WATCH: Oprah Winfrey makes 'Happy' singer Pharrell Williams cry
t Valve implies 2015 delay for Steam Machines
e Angelina: I didn't think I'd have a family
e Next installment of 'Star Wars' being filmed in United Arab Emirates
e Solange Knowles speaks out about Jay-Z elevator fight
m Will these 'chocolate' pills improve your heart health?
e Six Seasons of Mad Men Episode Descriptions By the Numbers (in Charts and  ...
t Samsung preparing to release new and updated Galaxy Mega phablets
b Topix Gains for Fourth Day Amid Earnings as Honda Jumps
m Drugmaker rejects findings questioning benefits of Tamiflu
b US jobless claims fall
e Archie, Comic Legend, Dies Taking Bullet for Gay Friend
e The Highs and Lows of the Meaningless 2014 MTV Movie Awards, from Shirtless  ...
t Huge meteorite lights up Russia once again
t Retina recognition technology to be introduced in Samsung Note 4
e Game of Thrones Season 4 Episode 6 Review – 'The Laws of Gods and Men'
t Google Is Shutting Down Two Old Products, Orkut And Quickoffice
e DJ Frankie Knuckles dies aged 59
e Which Anchor Is Leaving Good Morning America?
b General Mills Pulls Unpopular Legal Terms
b SolarCity, an installer, to buy panel-maker Silveo
e 'American Idol' Recap: Majesty Rose Sings 'Let It Go' From 'Frozen'
m Missouri reports case of mosquito-borne virus
t Editorial: Facebook's emotional roller coaster
e Other things to do at Bonnaroo
t Of Course Uber Is Planning To Make All Its Cars Autonomous
m CDC: 1 In 68 US Kids Identified With Autism
e Twitter Attacks Stephen Colbert with #CancelColbert
b Sprint Reportedly Close to Terms on T-Mobile Purchase
t LG and Samsung roll out smartwatches
t Breathe easy! TweetDeck hack scare is over
e Miley Cyrus says she's 'fighting fit' as she resumes tour in London after canceled  ...
e #THROWBACK THURSDAY! 32 Pictures Of Kim Kardashian Back In The Day  ...
e Alicia Keys, Swizz Beatz announces pregnancy of second child via Instagram
e Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian finally find a Hamptons home
m School lets girl with shaved head return
b Odd Dynamic in Senate Bill Passage
b US real consumer spending falls for second month in May
b HP to fire over 10000 employees by end of next year
m A run can keep the brain young
e Top Kickstarter campaign? A potato salad
t SpaceX launches supplies to space station
e 'Cronut' Inventor Named Top US Pastry Chef
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Mini in the Works
t See the Surprising Message Regarding Same-Sex Couples and Mozilla Firefox  ...
e Only the best will do! A look inside $14M Hamptons beach house Kourtney and  ...
b Coca-Cola to Remove Controversial Chemical from Fanta, Other Drinks
b US stocks have their worst week in two years
m CDC: Hospital Infection Rates Improving, But Still A Problem
b Barclays' dark pool lawsuit wipes $13bn off major banks
e Illness prompts McCartney to cancel concerts
e Fargo Series Premiere Review: Breaking Bad
m National Report Reveals Healthiest States For Older Adults
e Kim Kardashian Snuck Backstage To Take Pic Of Kanye At Bonnaroo
b Britain to trumpet economic recovery
m Billions spent treating vets with PTSD, but is it working?
b Jobless Claims Tick Higher, With Four-Week Average and Continuing Claims
e Neil Patrick Harris to release new autobiography
e Justin Bieber didn't think racist tape was 'harmful'?
e Jay Z, Beyonce & Solange Knowles Spoofed On "Saturday Night Live"
b Report: Sprint and T-Mobile have agreed to merger valued at $32 billion
b WWE stock plunges 43 percent
m Medtronic Heart Valve Superior to Surgery in Some Patients
m What Voodoo Dolls And Low Blood Sugar Say About Your Relationship
e shigeru ban wins the 2014 pritzker prize
m Global Health Success: India To Be Certified Free Of Polio
b Wall St wolves take fright at high-frequency trading criticism
e #CancelColbert? Beyond Dichotomies
t HTC One (M8) Gets Official With Duo Camera, Snapdragon 801 and More
e Chelsea Handler Says Goodbye To Chelsea Lately: Here's Why We Absolutely  ...
b What's at Stake in Russian Billionaire Dmitry Rybolovlev's Divorce
t Apple Unveils New, Affordable iMac at $1099
b Citigroup to pay $1.12 billion to investors
t Facebook Investigated By ICO Over 'Emotional Contagion' Experiment
t Facebook says "won't rebrand Oculus with own logo, interface"
b India, US Express Optimism After Strategic Dialogue
b Zillow Inc – Trulia Inc Merger – Synergy Galore, Say Analysts
b Aaron Levie, the Quintessential Silicon Valley CEO, Will Only Own 4.1 Percent of  ...
b Euro to GBP Exchange Rate little changed ahead of Draghi speech
b San Joaquin County's unemployment rate held steady in March
b Dow ends at record high as Apple drags on S&P 500 and Nasdaq
b Energy Future files for Ch. 11 reorganization
b Stock Market News for June 30, 2014 - Market News
b Tensions Between China And Vietnam Escalate
e Let's talk about Lupita Nyong'o's Met Gala dress
t Yahoo Traders More Bullish Than Ever Before Alibaba IPO
t Heartbleeding Out: Internet Security Bug Even Worse Than First Believed
t Final Decision Tomorrow On Launch of SpaceX Mission
t While Reports Focused on Surface Pro 3 Release, China Bans Microsoft  ...
m New drug used to treat breast cancer heralded as 'quite groundbreaking'
t Samsung Galaxy Note 3, Galaxy S4 Deal: Heavy Discount on Price
t Motorola's budget Moto E looks colorful next to the Moto G
b US workers productivity falls with snowflakes
b How Ackman Built His Allergan Stake
b Emirates orders 150 Boeing 777 planes for $56 billion
m Public smoking bans led to 10 pc reductions in preemies and childhood asthma
e Led Zeppelin Lawsuit Over 'Stairway to Heaven' Was 'a Long Time Coming  ...
m Rules for E-Cigarettes Possible
b General Mills changes privacy policy prohibiting some from suing
b Coca-Cola, PepsiCo to drop 'BVO' ingredient from all drinks including Powerade  ...
t Pinterest wants to be on your new Android Wear smartwatch
e Miley Cyrus Sings to Giant Statue of Dead Dog Floyd -- WATCH VIDEO
t Google provided funding for Samsung's defence against Apple lawsuits
e Free Skin Cancer Screenings in Stuart
m Brain Scans Cost US $1 Billion Per Year; Most Are Unnecessary
e 'Scandal' Star Columbus Short -- String of Arrests involving VIOLENCE
e Andi Dorfman Wows In White On 'Live With Kelly & Michael'
b Allergan Adopts Poison Pill Defense
e Beyonce Knowles Leads 2014 MTV Video Music Awards With Eight Nominations
e Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Ask Guests To Pay Their Way To Paris
e Macklemore criticized for tour costume deemed anti-Semitic
e Wyatt Earp collection brings in $445K at Scottsdale auction
e Body doubles to be used in newest 'Fast & Furious'
b Microsoft results beat expectations with $5.7 billion in earnings
e Gary Whitta Boards 'Star Wars' Standalone Feature
m Friendly fire – biggest risk of bioterrorism
b Netflix Intends To Expand Significantly In Europe Later This Year - Quick Facts
b TSX Ends Higher On Earnings, Valeant Offer -- Canadian Commentary
e Ebenezer Congregational Church
e ABC's 'The Middle' Renewed For Season 6
e 'Jupiter Ascending' Delayed Until February, 2015
e Amanda Bynes tweets bikini photos while on spring break
m 'You can't succumb to fear'
t Vessyl smart cup tracks coffee and more for IoT hydration
e What will Alabama's Jess Meuse, CJ Harris and Dexter Roberts sing tonight on  ...
t Goblin Shark Wasn't The Only Rare Sea Monster Netted By Florida Fisherman  ...
e George Clooney Rips Steve Wynn for Insulting President Obama
t Facebook to add media recognition feature to Android and iOS apps
m Google doing research on how the human body works
m Drinkable Sunscreen! Do You Think it Works? Video
t General Motors recalling several thousand Camaros
e Jada Pinkett Smith on that photo of Willow: 'Don't pollute something that's not dirty'
e 복사 URL 줄이기 레이어 닫기
e In Memoriam: Jazz singer Jimmy Scott passes away
b Euro Zone Edges Closer to Deflation
t eBay asks 145 million users to change passwords
t Android TV: what you need to know
t The WWE Isn't Anywhere Close To Its Subscriber Goals, And Now It's Axing 7  ...
e Unheard Michael Jackson songs to be released on Xscape album
m Blood test could predict onset of Alzheimer's, study finds
e Charlie Sheen Calls Rihanna a Village Idiot on Twitter After Restaurant Snub
e VIDEOS: Trailers Released for Fox's New Pick-Ups: EMPIRE, WAYWARD PINES  ...
t Microsoft leaks lead to arrest of former employee
t NASA's Bolden hits back at critics of asteroid mission 'Get over it'
e Jay Z and Beyoncè Kick Off "On The Run" Tour
e Winners at the 22nd annual MTV Movie Awards
e Gary Oldman Apologises For Offending Jewish People
e Zara pulls shirt resembling Holocaust-era prison uniform
e HBO, Amazon make deal to stream shows like 'The Sopranos'
t Heads up: Hangouts is being weird today (other Google services too)
e Olympic gold medalist Meryl Davis wins 'Dancing with the Stars'
t Nintendo hopes to up its game with series of new product launches
t Ubisoft Sees Record 'Watch Dogs' Pre-Orders
e Oprah creates a new tea for Starbucks
e VIDEO: San Diego gets 'Happy'
b Australian aircraft searches for flight 370 in Indian Ocean
e 'The Bachelorette': Chris Harrison Breaks the News to Andi & the Guys That Eric  ...
t First image sent back by comet-hunter Rosetta since 'waking up' from hibernation
t Biggest-ever dinosaur unearthed? Some researchers think so
b Ryanair introduces business class service
e TorrentFreak: 'Game of Thrones' Sets Piracy Record
b Today isn't really the deadline for most people to file their federal tax returns
e Mekhi Phifer, Star of ER and Divergent, Files For Bankruptcy — Report
e T-Bob: "Game of Thrones" fans need to try the board game
b Amazon Appstore coming to BlackBerry OS 10.3
e Doctor Who and Dynasty actress Kate O'Mara dies, aged 74
b Russia to supply natural gas to China in 30-year deal worth $400 billion  ...
b Brent-WTI Spread Widest in Week on Sign of Excessive Drop
e Now it's time for the R&B Hall of Fame
t Oculus VR talks consumer rift V2, cheaper V1
t General Motors Surprises with June Sales Gain
t Apple may Surprise the Market with a New Smart Home Platform
e Aereo Supreme Court Arguments Highlight Cloud Computing
b US employers add 209K jobs; rate rises to 6.25%
b Strong cash flow for Boeing in latest quarter
t Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT)'S Internet Explorer Vulnerable To  ...
e Planes: Fire & Rescue | Sequel twice as good as original, which isn't saying much
t UC Davis Researchers Crack Mystery of Zebra Stripes
e Clooney blasts Daily Mail for "dangerous" lies about his fiancée that "exploit  ...
e Shia LaBeouf Checks Into Rehab Following NYC Arrest — Report
b EU targets politicians, military chiefs in sanctions on Russia
b JPMorgan CEO to get throat cancer treatment
e British director, actor Richard Attenborough dies at 90
e Lawsuit Lohan? Lindsay Lohan After GTA V Makers
b Norman Borlaug granddaughter carries on his legacy
e Ariana Grande drops a new dance track
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Finally Cover Vogue and the Twitterati Hate It
m Skin moles tied to breast cancer risk, studies show
m Income Might Influence Risk for Certain Cancers
b Morgan Stanley's Income Rose 18 Percent
e Ray J -- Wedding Gift for Kim ... PORN PROFITS!
e 'Oculus' scores scares with smoke and mirrors
m Blood protein rejuvenates brain and muscles of old mice
b 'Candy Crush' Maker King to Go Public
b Mahlab: Foodstuffs will not be affected by fuel price increase
e Rob Kardashian Breaks Silence About Skipping Kim Kardashian And Kanye  ...
m Predicting Alzheimer's: UR plays major role in breakthrough
t Google partners with Novartis for smart lens, expands possible uses
e Don't forget to tell Mom how much she matters
m Stockport couple back star-studded dementia awareness TV campaign
b AAA: More Arizonans traveling for Independence Day
e L'Wren Scott was £3.5 million in debt when she died.
t Samsung Engineers Excited About Graphene Breakthrough; Phones Could Get  ...
e Justin Bieber faces new 'n-word' accusation after apology
b Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport pax up 3%, cargo up 1% in May-2014
m Surrounded By Digital Distractions, We Can't Even Stop To Think
t Puget Sound orcas report reveals new findings
t NASA chief doubles down on Mars, asteroid missions
m Sacramento region gets high points for fitness in national ranking
b Greenpeace loses $5.2M on rogue employee trading - KWWL - Eastern Iowa  ...
t Distant dwarf planet: Shepherded by object 10 times the size of Earth?
t Google Plans TVs, Cars And Watches Beyond Smartphones
t Georgia authorities plan heightened alerts for boating under the influence  ...
b After Citigroup settlement, all eyes on Bank of America
b Fast food breakfast wars: McDonald's offering free morning coffee for two weeks
e PHOTO: Jimmy Kimmel Tops Ellen's Oscars Selfie with the Clintons
e First Full Costume Pic Of Grant Gustin As The Flash Is Released
t Sprint would fold into T-Mobile if merger goes ahead
t Facebook to show ads for products you've searched for across the web
b Rouhani Claims Iran 'Not After War'
t GM surprises with June sales gain
m Nel questions Pistorius's sound expert
m Guinea: Ebola death toll rises
t 3 Supreme Court stories leave Twitter hustling to catch up
m E-ciggies tend to influence young adult tobacco users to smoke
t Moto 360 Rumoured To Sport Sapphire Glass
e American Idol 2014 Top 2 Performances: Jena Irene vs. Caleb Johnson! [VIDEOS]
m VA Director at Phoenix Hospital Got $9K Bonus
b Angela Ahrendts nabs $68M Apple stock grant
e Shrine visits reflect militarism
b Hillshire Board No Longer Wants Pinnacle Acquisition
e Russell Crowe is a man with a plan in 'Noah'
t Watch Dogs Review - Cyber Warrior
m How processed foods can raise the risk of heart attacks
e Scandal actor Columbus Short arrested after dispute
b Dollar falls to 3-1/2 month lows vs. yen, sterling higher
e Pregnant Mila Kunis Loves Her Bigger Boobs, Says Ashton Kutcher Will Be  ...
e Arnold Schwarzenegger Talks 'Terminator: Genesis,' Aging, and Time Travel  ...
b Millward Brown brand value report points to BT's growth and Google's global  ...
e 'Once Upon a Time' Two-Hour Season Finale After 'Glee's' Lea Michele 'Legends  ...
b Gazprom in "constructive" South Stream talks with EU
e Jada Pinkett Smith has no issue with Willow's photo with Moises Arias
b MARKET EYE-USD/INR opens weaker after Fed comments
t Cisco joins cloud computing race with $1 blillion plan
e The godfather of house music, Frankie Knuckles, no more
e Rolf Harris guilty: but what has Operation Yewtree really taught us about sexual  ...
m Former Boston Mayor Thomas Menino diagnosed with "advanced" cancer
e 'Dancing With the Stars' sends home sweet celeb
e Update: AC/DC's Malcolm Young reportedly suffering from dementia
b Legal costs hit Bank of America's bottom line
t Be selfish, save the planet
e Russell Crowe: Criticism of 'Noah' is 'irrational'
b Next Detroit bankruptcy hurdle: State approval of $350M for pension help
t Never forget your Android phone with Wear Aware for Android Wear
e Neil Young's iPod Killer & Store Revealed, Purchase Through Kickstarter
t Play Rubik's Cube With today's Interactive Google Doodle: Here Are The  ...
e Game of Thrones series 1-3 available for catch-up on NOW TV and Sky  ...
t Microsoft Office Comes to the iPad with New Look and Feel
e Amazon Launches Music Service, Adds Another Element to Prime
t World Cup Fever Boosts 'FIFA' Game Sales in June
b Consumer Confidence Hits 6-Year High
e Record Store Day kicks off in Enfield and Haringey
b Import Prices Rise on Strong Energy Demand
e Kiefer Sutherland - Kiefer Sutherland wishes Freddie Prinze Jr well
b HIGH COMMODITY GAINS
e House music producer and DJ Frankie Knuckles dies, aged 59 Stars of the  ...
t More Scare Tactics From The White House
t B612 Foundation says city-destroying asteroids could hit Earth once per century
m Death toll in west African Ebola outbreak rises to 518, says WHO
e Leonardo Dicaprio Signs Up For New Movie, The Revenant
t Best new mobile apps for iOS, Android
m Smokers urged to 'kick butts' Wednesday
e Paltrow thanks fans for support
t NHTSA rules a requirement for vehicles to have “rear-view visibility systems”
t Android 4.4.4 update finally drops for LG G Pad 8.3 GPE
t July 31 2014 4:07 PM
e Brad Pitt, Angelina Jolie Teaming Up for New Movie Written by Angie
m Federal regualtions proposed for e-cigarettes
t Samsung Galaxy S5 hands-on and first impressions
e Gay marriage themed 'Father of the Bride 3' rumored
b Disney's higher ticket prices expected to drive stronger 2Q earnings
b Air travel in 2013: More late flights, fewer customer complaints
t NASA's live stream of tonight's meteor shower to include views from Huntsville
t Google partners with Luxottica for Internet eyewear
e Beyonce Crashes Coachella With Surprise Dance Break
e Remarks by the First Lady at Discussion with High School and College Students
t What is Titanfall and why is it amazing?
b Apple's new retail chief Angela Ahrendts granted $68 million in restricted stock
e The Return of Reading Rainbow? LeVar Burton Needs Your Help to Make It  ...
t EBay asks users to change their passwords after cyber-attack
e Cable, Netflix hand out renewals
m Doylestown Hospital aces patient safety review
b Ronald McDonald's Hipster Makeover Is The Sexiest Thing Since The Shamrock  ...
e Rolf Harris jury not told about other harassment claims
m Jenny McCarthy Gets a Dose of Her Own Anti-Medicine
b Eurozone Feb Unemployment Rate Unchanged At 11.9%
e Star Trek's Kate Mulgrew says she was tricked into narrating film that argues the  ...
b Gold Falls on Fed Rate Hike Agenda Expectation
t Snapchat has been rebuked by FTC over misleading users
t Congress Asked Some Really Weird Questions at the Alien Life Hearing
t Hyundai Motor overstated mileage for revamped sedan
t Apple loses bid for Samsung US sales ban after patent win
b How the Dow Jones industrial average did Thursday
b US Federal Reserve cuts stimulus by another $10 bn; gives no clear signal on  ...
e Community Easter Sunrise Service
t Google and Novartis ink deal for licensing smart contacts
b Netflix plans to raise prices as US streaming subcribers grow
t Apple Launches New MacBook Air
b Netflix moves HQ to Netherlands from Luxembourg
e Here's what Morgan Freeman sounds like on helium
e Peaches Geldof family faces wait to learn details of her death
b Square Capital: Small Business Financing That You Pay Back With Swipes
m Handshakes are gross: Fist bump instead, study says
b 1ST LEAD Austria hosts Putin, as all eyes on fragile Ukraine ceasefire By Albert  ...
b How Did Amazon Beat Netflix to The Sopranos, The Wire, Girls?
e 50 Cent: Beyonce almost attacked me for Jay-Z
b Priceline books $2.6 bn OpenTable deal
t Everything we've heard so far about Apple's new iPhone 6
e Are Sarah Palin & Rosie O'Donnell Headed To 'The View'?
t A newly declared species may be the largest flying bird to ever live
e Rolf Harris arriving at court this morning to be sentenced
t Happy birthday Twitter! Site turns eight and lets you find any user's first ever tweet
b AbbVie Inc Ups Bid for Shire PLC (ABBV, SHPG)
e Justin Bieber Not Allowed Back Into The US
m UNAIDS: The HIV epidemic can be brought under control by 2030
b Pershing Fought to Preserve SEC Rule That Enabled Allergan Stake
e Review | 'Fargo' Conjures Coen-esque Vibe and Killer Characters
b More than 300 Kansans eligible to receive money from SunTrust settlement
e Cannes Film Festival: Ryan Gosling's directorial debut
e Celebrate grilled cheese day with these important cheese facts
t What do dinosaurs and echidnas have in common?
e Beyoncé leads MTV Video Music Awards nominations with 8
m Manufacturer recalls Target, Trader Joe's hummus due to Listeria contamination
t WhatsApp CEO Assures Users Their Data Is Safe Following Facebook Acquisition
t Review: Galaxy Note Pro 12.2
b BoJ will stay on hold - TDS
m Anthrax 'Mishap' Investigation Reveals Shocking Safety Lapses
t Robots Unveiled in Tokyo Life Sized and Human Like
b Court Battle Looms Over Vermont's GMO Food Labeling Law
e The Mockingjay Lives In New 'Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1' Teaser
t China bans Windows 8 use on govt computers
b Whiting to become No. 1 ND oil producer in deal to buy Kodiak for $6B
t Google Glass available from tomorrow
t Let me customize my Android Silver, or Nexus, device
b Stocks rise, extending gains into third day; Dow up 162
t Apple, IBM Partner to 'Transform Enterprise Mobility'
m Nine years old died due to rare brain eating amoeba
b 5 things we learnt from Stephen Elop's AMA
e Final Blow: Rocky Musical Set to Close on Broadway
m Smartphone app may contain the cure for jet lag
m Jimmy John's Sprouts: 5 Food Poisoning Outbreaks in 5 Years
t SpaceX CRS-3 Dragon captured by the ISS
b Burger King considering move to Canada
e TV Monday: The Blacklist wraps up season on high note
e Tony Bennett and Lady Gaga Will Release Duets Album; Watch "Anything Goes  ...
b FOREX -Euro steady before Draghi's speech, rate hike helps NZ dollar
t AAA says gas prices will continue to rise
m US autism estimate increases to 1 in 68 children, a 30 per cent move in 2 years
e Rio 2 Review - Go Rio!
m A Long-Awaited Battle Is About To Start…
t Samsung Galaxy S3 & S3 Mini May Rejoice In KitKat Soon
e Khloe Kardashian Tries To Stay Distant From French Montana At LAX To Avoid  ...
b Corbett signs regional pact to address Chesapeake Bay health
e Lily Allen Destroys Online Haters in Colorful 'URL Badman' Video
e Jupiter Ascending's Release Date Pushed Back Seven Months
t The Switch made a Pi Day pie. It was apple.
e 'Child of God': Pray you don't have to see it
e Friday Report: 'Transcendence' Tanks, 'Cap' Holds Off 'Rio' on Good Friday
t Singleplayer Campaign Curse of Naxxramas Coming Soon to Hearthstone
m Kaiser Pharmacy Strike On Hold
e '22 Jump Street' tops weekend box office with $60 million
t HTC Desire 400 vs Samsung Galaxy Grand 2 – Reviewing Price & Specifications
e 'Community' season 6 will reportedly not be coming to Netflix
m Lafourche Relay to 'celebrate life'
e Movie Review – Captain America: The Winter Soldier (2014)
t Push to prevent drinking and boating
e Led Zeppelin Sued Over 'Stairway To Heaven' Guitar Line
e Shia LaBeouf Caught Trying to Start Fight Outside NYC Strip Club
e Box Office: 'Rio 2′ Barely Flies Past 'Captain America' on Friday
t DirecTV is Bringing NFL Sunday Ticket to iOS and Mac Without the Need for a  ...
t Google announces Google Apps for Business referral program
e Quotes on the passing of Casey Kasem
b PepsiCo profit rises 13% giving CEO respite from Peltz push
t T-Mobile joins AT&T and confirms Samsung Galaxy S5 pre-order date
e US Airways tweets porn image, apologises
e Head to space with DiCaprio for a mere $1.5m
t Google's Self-Driving Car Just Got Slightly More Real
t BlackBerry Buys Secusmart - The Firm That NSA-Proofed Merkel's Phone
b Euro Crack After German Ifo Survey, EU Elections Add Uncertainty
e Lea Michele Is Dating Again!
t Xbox One June update to add external storage support and real name options  ...
e Review: Barrymore can't save Sandler's 'Blended'
m 'Young' blood may hold key to age reversal
m Lab Says Stem Cell Research Falsified
b Valeant touches 3-week low as Allergan rejects takeover bid
t Google Reportedly Developing 3D Vision Tablet Prototype
m Here's How Healthy, Fortified Cereal and Booze are the Same
b 1st LD Writethru: U.S. dollar falls against yen as U.S. yields slip
m Eczema sufferers have lower skin cancer risk
t How to stop Twitter users tagging you in photos
b Stocks Head Higher; Netflix Up 5% On Upgrade, GoPro Leaps 12%
t Samsung to launch at least two Tizen smartphones in Q2
e 'Game of Thrones' Review: What Did You Think of Season 4, Episode 6 'The  ...
b Another Breakthrough: Agreement Reached for Civilian Retiree Cuts
e 'Game of Thrones' Recap: Littlefinger Reveals Wicked Plan
e Pamplona's annual bull-run attracts massive crowds of fun-seekers
e The CW Releases First Full-Body Costume Photo of 'The Flash'
e Top 8 fun facts about Transformers that will leave you completely speechless!
b Ex-Goldman director Rajat Gupta likely to start prison term on 17th June
b Job growth is robust in June
m 2014 'Xtreme Eating Awards' rank fast foods with most calories, fat, salt, and sugar
b Why I Do Not Trust Bitcoin
b Corn-residue biofuels no better for the environment, study finds
e Joss Whedon's Bombshell: The 'Marvel's The Avengers' Director's New Movie  ...
b JPMorgan, Wells Face Down Revenue In Q1 Reports
e Movie review: Zac Efron welcomes the raunchy 'Neighbors'
t FarmVille Anywhere: Zynga Launches New Mobile FarmVille Game on iPhone  ...
e 'A Gentleman's Guide' gets a leading 10 Tony Award nominations; some big  ...
e Sara Gilbert And Linda Perry Get Married
b US urged to export more LNG in response to Russia-Ukraine crisis
t As Microsoft chases Sony, Phil Spencer will take over as new Xbox chief
b Fed policymakers cut growth forecast
m Walmart Recalls Dolls That Pose Burn Risk
m A new phone app helps smokers quit
b Chinese satellites spot objects in area of search for missing Boeing
e Mickey Rooney: A consummate showman for nine decades
e Game of Thrones Spoiler Photos: New Sneak Peek Pics From Season 4
t Foursquare app for Windows Phone blocked to download for some Lumia 1520  ...
b Brent Oil at $114.50 as Iraq Supply Fears Ease
e Tampa native scores big in 'The Bachelorette' fantasy league
b Euro zone inflation edges up, swift ECB action seen less likely
e Mad Men: Ginsberg Put His What in a Box?
e Jack White Announces Solo Album, Debuts New Track
e Listen to new Jack White track "Lazaretto"
b Oil strikes nine-month peak on Iraq violence
e Historic Images from the 1964 World's Fair
e Latest in comic book series has the X-factor
m Study: New Hampshire Has Lowest Rate Of Teen Pregnancy
b Why World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) Stock Is Down Today
b China's gold fever to cool in 2014
t What if Google sold itself back in 1997? Larry Page and Sergey Brin share the  ...
b Uber Drops NYC Prices to Beat Taxi Fares
e 'Game Of Thrones' Team Was Wrong To Have Jaime Rape Cersei
t Hard evidence of life on Mars that NASA doesn't want to discuss
b Judge blasts Argentina for attempting 'illegal' $539M bond payment
b Twitter shake-up – COO Ali Rowghani to fly the nest
b Market Wrap: BofA Rethinks Capital Plan; Two Mergers Dematerialize; Alstom  ...
m LOOK: Tracing The Trail Of Ebola In Africa
m Gene therapy used to create 'biological pacemaker'
b Bank of America shares tumble after stress-test error halts dividend hike
e Robin Thicke Is Ready To Beg For Paula Patton's Love LIVE At The Billboard  ...
b BIS: Central Banks Face Bumpy Road to Policy Normalization
t Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) may rename Nokia following closing of acquisition
e Watch the First Trailer for David Ayer's Fury
b Relativity Media bids for YouTube network Maker Studios - WSJ
t Windows Phone Outlook July 2014: Microsoft Gains With Windows Phone 8.1  ...
m 'Remote Control' Contraceptive Chip Available 'by 2018′
e Lindsay Lohan Suing GTA: Star Isn't Claiming She's The Bikini Girl In Rockstar Suit
b New Ownership for Medical Device Maker Covidien
t Honda Recalls 886k Odyssey Minivans, Potential Fuel Leaks
t How the NSA shot itself in the foot by denying prior knowledge of Heartbleed  ...
b Zebra to Buy Motorola Solutions' Enterprise Business
t Judge Denies Apple Request for Injunction vs Samsung Phones, Tablets
t Gamers call in fake bomb threat for plane with Sony CEO
e Celebrate safely – and legally
t Nokia's HERE Apps to Arrive in iOS and Android, rumors said
t Facebook looks to clean up News Feed spam
b Tokyo stocks open down 0.49% on Tuesday
b German IFO in focus, as Carney faces grilling from MP's
b Clearing Detroit blight to cost $850M, task force finds
t Big brands, teenagers, and YouTube stars collide
m 1st Case of Locally Acquired Chikungunya Virus Reported in U.S.
b Amazon Joins the Smartphone Market
e Los Angeles judge refuses to release Chris Brown - 14 News, WFIE, Evansville  ...
m Air pollution kills seven million a year, says WHO
b Corker praises DOJ action against Chinese hackers
b Citigroup First Quarter Results Beat Estimates
b Intel reports lower net income, higher revenue
b Brazil police push into slums in Rio
e Glen Campbell Moved Into A Care Facility
e Detroit native Casey Kasem dead at 82
m Drugmakers, Insurers Battle Over Surging Big Pharma Prices
e Belgian brothers reflect economic crisis, Japanese woman director explores  ...
e Adam Richman's new Travel Channel show pulled after controversial Instagram  ...
b WWE CEO Vince McMahon No Longer Billionaire After Losing $350 Million In A  ...
b PA unemployment dips to 6 percent in March
e Batman v Superman: First Image of Henry Cavill's Superman Released
e North Korea takes 'The Interview' complaint to United Nations
t Rick Hendrick auctions off 2015 Camaro for whopping $500000
t Gardening | Add some buzz to your yard: Bring back the pollinators
t Apple & Google Agree to Drop Lawsuits, But Deal Doesn't Affect Samsung Cases
e VIDEO: Insane Wheel Of Fortune Puzzle Guess!
e Jennifer Lawrence talked about getting white girl wasted and puking at an  ...
e Taylor Swift No. 1 on Billboard's 2014 "Money Makers" list
e VIDEO: Kacy Catanzaro makes 'American Ninja Warrior' history with amazing run
b TD Bank Mortgage Interest Rates Slip Wednesday Mar 12
e Pamela Anderson reveals history of child sex abuse and being gang-raped at 12
b Burger King selling a Proud Whopper for gay pride
e Selena Gomez fires parents as managers: report
e Why True Blood Should Have Been Canceled Sooner
t Facebook admits poor...
e Kanye West at the Wireless festival review: Angry man of rap was 'liike Tigger on  ...
t LG G3 specs and features confirmed by Dutch LG website
e Goodbye to "Bad Things" and Bon Temps
e The key to the Sandler, Barrymore connection? Trust, respect
b Rental firm may spin off construction unit
t 2015 Cadillac ATS 2.0T Sedan Gets Power Bump With New Coupe
m Sperm Problems Tied to Shorter Life
e Get the Most Popular Beauty World News Stories in a Weekly Newsletter
e 'American Idol' Top 4 Results: A Blue-Eyed Goodbye
t Snowden: I would do it again
m Raw: Justina Pelletier's Father Speaks Out
e Kourtney Kardashian Dodges Controversy Over Sister Kim's Vogue Cover
t CONSUMER ALERT: eBay Asks Users to Change Passwords
b First Wind Marks Start of Commercial Operations for First Solar Project
t PC Outlook Improves, Although Shipments Are Still Expected to Fall by -3.7% in  ...
b Poland Factory Activity Growth Eases In March
t What's New in Apple iOS 7.1?
e Zara withdraws children's t-shirts that look like concentration camp uniforms
t Verizon Galaxy S5 tipped to be coming in Copper Gold
b John Green criticizes Amazon.com, worries it's trying to 'bully publishers into  ...
e Author, poet Maya Angelou dies
t Apple Launches New 21.5-inch All-in-One iMac Desktop; Price, Availability Details
t New patent may make iPhones change settings based on locations
b • Storms allow 5 percent allocation to State Water Project users
e Justin Bieber Left Brokenhearted in Central Park
m NFL world offers support for Jim Kelly
b US trade deficit shrinks 5.6% in May to $44.4 billion
e NYT publisher defends removal of top editor
t The Great North Passion in South Shields
e Chris Colfer's Twitter Account Hacked, Actor Confirms He's Not Leaving 'Glee'
e Jon Hamm's Prom Picture is Amazing
b Sales of existing homes slowed in March
e Miley Cyrus Shows off 'Sad Kitty' Lip Tattoo
e JK Rowling posts new Harry Potter story
b Russia's “Fertilizer King” Loses the Biggest Divorce Settlement in History
t Oracle wins copyright ruling against Google
t Facebook Intros Expanded Targeting Options
e Mickey Rooney: A consummate showman for nine decades
t Latest Apple v. Samsung Patent Battle Ends with $119.6M Whimper
b BlackBerry reports loss as smartphone sales keep sliding
t Officials praise Samsung s Galaxy S5 antitheft features
e Celeb Love: Solange Confirms What Jay Z Elevator Fight Was About
m Relay For Life survivors lap puts face on fight against cancer
m Study says risk of Lyme disease in New Brunswick
b Negative Deposit Rates: Will They or Won't They?
t Amid recall fallout, GM chief reaches out to customers
e Simon Cowell: I "Regret" Destroying My Friend's Marriage, But "It Just Happened"
e Community's Dan Harmon Finally Comments On The Show's Indefinite Future
t First tweet went out 8 years ago
e North Korea wants to 'punish' Julie Bishop
e The Supreme Court May Soon Help You Watch TV Online For Free
e Susan Sarandon attempts to flirt in the trailer for 'Tammy'
e 'Guardians of the Galaxy' Director James Gunn is Tired, but Ready for More
t PS4 Sells 7 Million consoles since launch
b Fifty-two countries join 'March against Monsanto'
b Making the Best of the Alstom Mayonnaise
b Time, uncertainty make plane hunt uniquely hard
e The Key Question for Sony: Can the Spider-Man Movie Franchise Be as  ...
b Fracking: New Monterey Shale oil estimate rocks California's expectations
e North Korea calls U.S. movie about Kim Jong Un 'act of war'
t Samsung replaces head of design because of Galaxy S5 reviews, so expect a  ...
b Two people flown to the hospital after motorcycle crash in Mason County, WV
b Chrysler sales up 7 per cent gain in July, Jeep most popular with consumers
e Daily Mail, George Clooney: Newspaper apologizes after movie star slams story
b Pa. unemployment rate falls to lowest since 2008; 12000 more enter workforce
m Using Internet, Apps to Manage BP Has Dangers: new study says
m High-fat diets linked to breast cancer
t Mass. gas prices up another 4 cents per gallon
b Barnes & Noble, Google team to offer same-day delivery
t Amazon's new smartphone will reportedly be an AT&T exclusive in the US
t Facebook still won't say 'sorry' for mind games experiment
e Another Justin Bieber Racist Rant?! This One's Allegedly Peppered With KKK  ...
t Everything you need to know about iOS 8
b Lenders conclude Greek Cypriot mission
m International Red Cross and Crescent deploy to Guinea
t Heart Bleed Virus Cured? Health Care Site Flagged in Heartbleed Review
b Repercussions, reprieves at health insurance enrollment deadline
e WATCH: Maroon 5 'Maps' Music Video Features a Lost Adam Levine, Death  ...
b Here's why Amazon pays $5K to warehouse workers who quit
e Kids choose One Direction, Ariana Grande, slime galore
e Broadway to Dim Its Lights in Memory of Once Upon a Mattress Composer Mary  ...
b Darden keeps Olive Garden, announces plan to sell Red Lobster for $2.1 billion
e Ariana Grande rocks a silver sequined two piece to perform 'Problem' at the  ...
m Harlow Council backs campaign to raise awareness of dangers from washing  ...
t Protect Internet with wise policy choices
e Joss Whedon apologizes to Seoul for filming 'The Avengers: Age of Ultron' there
m Parents Announce Charter-Defining Rights of Autistic Children and Guardians
t Temperatures will fall in Portland area, but still chance for decent Memorial Day  ...
t Law enforcement agencies disrupt Gamover Zeus botnet
e Batman V Superman: Dawn Of Justice New Logo Unveiled
b Credit Suisse Sees Commodities Opportunities on Pullback
t Experiment angers Facebook lab rats
e 'Dancing With the Stars' gets a makeover
e Colbert Report tweet about Asians sparks fury, #CancelColbert campaign
b Twitter COO resigns
t Google Glass available in US as of April 15
e Captain America sequel hits UK box office with a clout
b Twitter's COO leaves company amid poor user growth
b French Plan for Alstom Hits Snag on Share Price
b Federal judge keeps recalled General Motors cars on road
e Massimo Vignelli dies aged 83
b Crossover: ECB holds rate steady
b EUROPE MARKETS: European Stocks Fall From Six-year High
t Code/red: Chinese Government on Windows 8: Do Not Want!
m Share this on:
e Toby Kebbell Cast As Doctor Doom In Fox's Fantastic Four Reboot
b Report: German customs intercepts cocaine-filled condoms addressed to Vatican
b US stocks drift toward a weekly loss; DuPont sinks - WBOC-TV 16, Delmarvas  ...
t Prompted by NSA Revelations, Gmail Enables Secure Connection for All
e Film World Says Goodbye to the Man Behind 'Manhattan' and 'Godfather'
b Review: B'way's 'Mothers and Sons' gentle, moving
b Existing home sales hit slowest pace since 2012. Why analysts aren't worried.
e Nas, Alicia Keys Rock Tribeca Film Festival's Opening Night (Pics)
t Fight for free, open Internet renewed as FCC considers new regulations
b ASX tipped for muted open ahead of RBA
t Air quality worsening in world - WHO
b Beats co-founder: Company 'belongs with Apple'
t Recharge Wrap-Up: Tesla gets positive analysis from Credit Suisse, iPhone key  ...
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 vs. Apple iPad Air: Tablet Spec Showdown
t Facebook tests button for Web purchases
e 'Dancing With The Stars' Week 3 Predictions: Who Will Go Home On 'DWTS  ...
e Noah – New Trailer, Mounting Controversy
e Gary Oldman was forced to do a PR apology campaign
e Meet Anna Faith Carlson, the Actress Who Looks Just Like Elsa From 'Frozen'
m Gene Therapy Makes Cochlear Implants Much More Effective
e 'Bachelorette' Producers and Host Chris Harrison Speak Out on Star Eric Hill's  ...
e Alien: Isolation Pre-Order Bonus Unveiled
b Bonds Strengthen Further Following Yellen, Draghi Remarks
b Spanish telecom chief admits false accounts and quits
t Microsoft to launch Xbox One game console in China
b Beware: Fees May Be Shrinking Your 401(k)
e Will Mothra Take Flight? 'Godzilla' Sequel Already in the Works
m 'Right to Try' bill signed giving hope to terminally ill patients, access to drugs
b Dish, DirecTV shares rise on merger talk
b Japan moves to expand controversial foreign worker program
t 'Kill Switch' Bill To Deaden Stolen Smartphones Advances in Calif.
b SAC's Steinberg Pins Hope For Leniency to Charity Claims
e 'How I Met Your Dad' really, REALLY is not going to happen
t Netizen Report: Google Loses in EU, Wins in Pakistan
b Daniel Pinto Named Sole Chief Executive Officer of JP Morgan's Corporate  ...
e Q&A: 'Divergent' stars Shailene Woodley and Theo James
b Callaway: New Greek bonds a bad sign
e In Internet TV case, justices may have heads in the cloud
t The TouchArcade Show - 162 - Fireworks!
e John Wayne's relatives fighting for Duke trademark for bourbon release
t The American Museum of Natural History Presents SPIDERS ALIVE!, Opens Today
m DOH mobilizes Task Force MERS-CoV
t 'Titanfall' Drops at 792p, 1080p Still Possible for Xbox Exclusive
t Project Morpheus, A Virtual Reality Headset from Sony
e Diagon Alley's opening set for July 8th
m Michigan Man Regains Sight with New 'Bionic Eye'
e Hayden Panettiere Pregnant!! 'Nashville' Star Expecting First Child With Fiance  ...
m Study: Running 5 Minutes A Day Could Add Years To Life
m Childhood bullying could lead to depression
e Eva Mendes And Ryan Gosling Expecting First Child Together
b Was Last Week 'The Pause That Refreshes' For Gold And Silver?
b UK unemployment keeps falling amid recovery
m Autism may be linked to faulty prenatal brain growth in at least some kids, small  ...
e If Jesus died that day, why do Christians call it 'Good' Friday?
t Moto X vs Moto G – Comparison of Specifications and Pricing
b Draghi's 1-trillion-euro shot at bank lending risks falling short
e Will Broadcasters Have Edge in Aereo Arguments?
b HSBC India manufacturing PMI jumps to 17-month high
b Missing flight MH370: British sailor thinks she saw Malaysia Airlines plane 'burn  ...
e 2014 BET Awards fashion: Worst dressed? The barely dressed
t Ubisoft unveils Assassin's Creed Unity, Sets for Holidays 2014 Launch
e Kate Winslet Makes Her First Red Carpet Appearance After Birth Of Son Bear
t Google Now doesn't need Android L to get awesome new features
e Pixar Set to Produce 'Cars 3,' 'Incredibles 2′
e At What Point Do You Think Johnny Depp's Career Started To Fall Apart?
m Economic slowdown tied to rise in obesity in richer nations, report says
b EUR/USD Continues to Erode on Draghi Comments
b Euro to US Dollar (EUR/USD) Exchange Rate at 3-month low as ECB policy  ...
t Australian iOS Users Reporting Hijacked Devices
e Eternal Life Baptist Church Easter egg hunt
t Microsoft will launch Xbox One in China in September
t GM, safety agency face Congress
b Morgan Stanley eyes compensation cuts for financial advisers
t GM recalls another 3.4 mil cars for ignition problem
t Gang Steals US$36000 in Electronics from Samsung in Campinas
e Cut 'SNL' sketch parodies '90s Nickelodeon -- VIDEO
e 'Transcendence': Johnny Depp in a bold, beautiful flight of futuristic speculation
e CS Video: Pierce Brosnan and Olga Kurylenko on The November Man
e New Jackson album featuring unheard tracks to be released
m No Guinea travel warning despite Ebola outbreak: WHO
t 50 milestone for IBM
t This is how Samsung will ensure it keeps the smartphone crown
e 'Neighbors' grabs North American box office top spot
t Are tablets losing steam? Apple's iPad sales seem to suggest so
e Kim goes platinum blonde — again
b Microsoft beats Wall Street on new CEO debut
e Vanessa Paradis nostalgic about past
t NASA Prepping Mars Probes, Rovers for Close Comet Flyby
b SEIA Commends Verizon Plans to Expand Use of Solar
b Candy Crush founder expects IPO valuation at $7.6 billion
e Michael Jackson's kids set to inherit 500 mln pounds at 18
t Nintendo Minute discusses their favorite Mario Kart courses [VIDEO]
e Criminal Minds' Season 10 Cast & Spoilers: Jennifer Love Hewitt is New BAU  ...
t Apple's iPhone Generated Great Results And A Solid Outlook
e MOVIE REVIEW: There's little legendary about this trip to 'Oz'
b Boeing wins $8.8 billion aviation order on Asian demand
b Siemens to table offer for Alstom if given four weeks to conduct due diligence
e Ruby Dee Dead: Legendary Actress And Civil Rights Activist Dies At 91
e Diane Sawyer Stepping Down From 'ABC World News'
b Tokyo's Nikkei stock index closes 3.01% higher
b Why Bank of America Corp's Stock Fell Almost 2% More on Thursday
b Consumer confidence in US drives Wall Street higher
m Tricky Panda Fakes Pregnancy to Get More Food and Special Care
m UK Border Staff 'Unprepared' To Deal With Ebola
t Want to upgrade your iPhone 5s camera to 2k video? All you need is this app …
e Bachelorette 2014: Episode 9 Recap – Hometown Dates
b High Gas Price Wait for Vacationers
t Sony Xperia E1 vs. Nokia X Specs and Price Comparison in Australia
m Is All That TV Killing You?
m Where does Ireland rank? World's heaviest drinking nations revealed
e Bates Motel Season 2 Review “Plunge”
m Study Suggests Health Insurance Saves Lives. The Hill Wonders If That's A  ...
b Memorial Day travelers
b Netflix plans US$1 to US$2 price increase for new users
e Names+Faces: Joan Rivers disses 'Girls' creator Lena Dunham big time
b Duncan Niederauer Steps Down As NYSE CEO
t GM CEO: 'I Cannot Tell You Why It Took Years For A Safety Defect To Be  ...
t Motorola Reveals Moto 360 Smartwatch
e Amy Adams gives first class plane seat to soldier
e Livestream Nicki Minaj And Ed Sheeran Performing At Philly Jam!
t iPhone 6 photos offer rear concept view
b EPA to join NC in enforcing coal ash cleanup
b Airlines join new pilot program for New Distribution Capability
t Mark Zuckerberg and virtual reality expectations
m Judge Decides to Put Alabama's Controversial Abortion Law on Trial
e Marketers want you to buy more than chocolate this Easter
t Did You See The Blood Moon? Full Lunar Eclipse Delights Americas
t Microsoft announces live webcast for anticipated Surface Mini unveiling
b Taiwan's HTC swings back to profit in Q2
b Will Noble Energy (NBL) Disappoint this Quarter? - Analyst Blog
m House Call: A good time to start to eat right
b Millions to get their motor runnin' for holiday weekend
b Will the Dow crack 17000 this week?
e North West's earrings spark social media debate
e Steve Martin refutes 'Father of the Bride 3' report
e Erykah Badu Crashes Live TV News
b Microsoft Office for iPad is free (kinda) and ready to download
m Could A Simple Eye Test Detect Alzheimer's Early?
b Argentina's President Fernandez Vows to Avert Default After Legal Setback
e The Astrology Of Gwyneth Paltrow And Chris Martin: What Worked?
m With First Confirmed Case, What Risk Does MERS Pose To US?
e Superman's debut comic sells for record $3.2 million on eBay
b Chief Justice refuses to stay drug patent ruling
t PS4's Project Morpheus VR device won't launch in 2014, $1000 price point  ...
m FDA Blesses St. Jude Medical's CardioMEMS Device To Treat Heart Failure
m In the news
e Selena Gomez Has A Justin Bieber-Referencing Song/Video On The Way  ...
e George Clooney Shames Daily Mail Into Apologizing Over False Story
e Chris Brown to spend a month or more behind bars
m National Day Highlights Preventing Teen Pregnancy
e Amazing Spider-Man 4 Release Date May Change
m It's Time to Harness the Power of the Pulpit
b Rep. Roby: "Obamacare is fundmentally flawed," links to Sebelius saying  ...
e Mad Men, series 7, episode 1, review
b Australia says planes checking new search area
b Why Home Depot's Thinking Outside the Big Box
m What Tobacco's Past Means for Vaping's Future
e Photos: Spain's famed bull run festival begins in Pamplona
e Paul McCartney Hospitalized In Tokyo, Cancels Japan, South Korea Concerts  ...
m FSU Medical School's Class of 2014 Celebrates Residency Placements
e VIDEO: Oscar winner Lupita Nyong'o named People's most beautiful woman
b Deadline Is ObamaCare's “Mission Accomplished” Moment
t Apple vs. Samsung: Jury has non-tech look and feel
b ECB's Noyer: Euro Appreciation Over Last Year 'Not Appropriate'
t Facebook, Nielsen team up to track TV viewing trends
b AAA: High gas prices won't keep motorists off the road
t Apple Ad Uses Pixies to Promote New Tagline: "You're More Powerful Than You  ...
b John Kerry, Sushma Swaraj to chair India-US Strategic Dialogue
e Now, Miley Cyrus gets `sad cat` tattoo on `inner lip`
b What is Occupy Central? Hong Kong 'democracy referendum' may kick it off
e Piers Morgan ends CNN show
e Jenny McCarthy Talks "Small" Wedding to Donnie Wahlberg, Says The View  ...
e Wu-Tang Clan rapper UPDATE --Doctors unable to save Andre Johnson's penis
b Gold holds above $1300, focus on Fed policy meeting
e CE to attend Boao, Shanghai meetings
m Here's Why These 5 Stocks are Shining Bright: Sarepta Therapeutics (SRPT  ...
t Opposition 2014 Where to Watch Live: Mars, Earth, Sun to Align in a Rare Event
e NBC Wins the Primetime Week of May 19-25 in Adults 18-49
e 'Captain America' stays strong atop US box office
t Amazon Offers Unlimited Reading, Audiobook Service -- 2nd Update
t Guest Post: We Need to Protect An Open Internet. Here's How You Can Help.
e Jay Z, Beyonce to team up for tour: report
m Alcohol Kills 10 Percent Of Adults
b Forex Market: USD/MXN daily forecast
t The Short List: Our beaches are rotten, Obama may get sued
e Key dates in life and death of Michael Jackson
b NTSB criticizes Asiana crew, Boeing, emergency response in San Francisco crash
b Stocks Close Mixed As Nasdaq Ends 3-Week Slide
t How flies evade the swat
b Southwest Airlines CFO Tammy Romo Sells 17750 Shares (LUV)
b WWE Rumors: SummerSlam 2014 Main Event Possibly Spoiled By DVD Cover
e Color Me Bad: 11 Black Celebrities Who Appeared In Whiteface [PHOTOS]
e Mila wants Ashton at birth
b In odd twist, industry agrees to ban 'microbeads'
m Britain launching global superbug fight
m Protecting your pets from ticks
t Apple adds color and iSight camera to iPod Touch
b London cab drivers stage anti-Uber protest - images
t Apple aims for bigger market with $1488 desktop iMac
b MH370: Singapore defends Malaysia
b Coca-Cola sells more drinks but soda dips
m Here come the rice-grain-sized brain implants: Stanford discovers way of  ...
e Ohio man raises more than $37000 in Internet crowd-sourcing effort - to make  ...
e Star Wars Episode VII: Search for lead actor continues
e As I Lay Dying's Frontman Sentenced to Six Years in Prison…
e Sequel to Mrs Doubtfire in the works
m Prostate Cancer: Might A Genetic Health Test Help Prevent it?
b Weekly Jobless Claims Fall
m FDA issues first e-cigarette standards
t Amateur radio operators holding field day this weekend
b Pfizer calls it quits on AstraZeneca
b Still No Deal As SEPTA Hopes To Avoid Possible Strike
e Harrison Ford Injures Himself On The Star Wars 7 Set, EVERYBODY PANIC
b Movie review: 'Noah' not exactly the Bible story you know
t Is There Life On Mars? NASA Rover Photographs Artificial Light On The Planet!
e Learning From Gwyneth Paltrow's Working-Mom Backlash
b Dollar extends gains vs. yen, euro modestly higher
b Gold Rises for Second Day as Equity Declines Spur Demand
t Great White Sharks Not Endangered; Population Growing, Says Study
b Central Banks Weigh on Dollar in Early Forex Trading
t LG G3 Fully Outed on Dutch LG Site, Everything You Need to Know is Here
t Fiat Chrysler CEO Chimes In On General Motors' Recall Issues
e Now That 'How I Met Your Mother' Is Over, What Will The Cast Be Up To Next?
t Mark Zuckerberg reveals Facebook's plan to use drones, satellites to 'deliver  ...
t Destiny Beta Coming This Summer
b Accounting News Roundup: Sbarro is Bankrupt (Again); PwC's Latest Buy  ...
b Dish makes advances on DirecTV
e Avicii hospitalized; Deadmau5 will fill in at Ultra Music Festival
e 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier' reigns US box office for third week
e 22 Jump Street and The Rover: Top Drawer Laughs, Bottom-Shelf Dystopia
e Charlamagne Tha God On Justin Bieber, The N-word And Why It All Has To Stop
t Mobile Entrée Now Available in Microsoft Office 365 App Store
e Sherri Shepherd and Jenny McCarthy Get the Boot From The View
t WHO study report on India's air pollution a 'shocker': NGO
e One Direction Says Marijuana Smoking Video Of Zayn Malik and Louis  ...
t What you need to know about the Heartbleed bug
b Pfizer walks away from 70bn pounds AstraZeneca deal
t Twitter app downloads could put users at risk
t New termite research could lead to pest control breakthrough
m Ewww: Bacteria can survive for days on airplane surfaces
e Lindsay Lohan Could Have Starred in 'The Avengers,' Says Lindsay Lohan
e New Dawn Of The Planet of The Apes Trailer Sets The Stage For War
b BofA Settlement Reaches $9.5 Billion
m How do humans smell? Better than expected (or we would, if it weren't for  ...
t Latest HTC One Features a Unique Dual Lens Depth Perception Camera
t Obamas, friends take in dinner in New York City,
e Paul Stanley: Hall of Fame's 'A Farce,' Criss and Frehley 'Don't Belong' in Kiss
e Maks and Meryl
b After Much Anticipation, GoPro Publicly Files IPO Prospectus
e Cinco de Mayo: Why is it a holiday?
m MERS transmitted in the U.S. for the first time: CDC
t What investors will look for at Google's I/O conference [Google Inc, Apple Inc  ...
m Can leafless e-cigarettes be regulated as a tobacco product? FDA says yes.
t Happy 25th Birthday, Game Boy
b The Fed's Puzzling Uncertainties
b US stocks fluctuate as Nasdaq rebounds
e Andi Dorfman Called a 'Slut' by Fox News Co-Host
b ECB faces grilling on new measures as it holds rates
b Dollar Rises From Six-Month Low as Yellen Cites Solid Growth
t Microsoft's new Surface Pro 3 bigger and lighter
b Gold price hits 2-month high as stocks, US dollar retreat; silver at highest since  ...
e Who talks like this? #ScandalFinale's 8 craziest lines
b Stock Bounce Does Little To Alleviate Concerns [Dow Jones Industrial Average  ...
e Bryan Singer Finally Responds to Sex Abuse Allegations
b Hormel Foods buying Muscle Milk maker for $450M
b Mayer hails 'core' growth at Yahoo
b China growth worries send stocks lower
e Madonna given star treatment as she reports for jury duty
b US Treasurys Pull Back, Erasing Earlier Gains
m Report details racial gap among US children
t DHS: 'Nefarious actors' moving to exploit Heartbleed
m FDA clears a device that could help paralyzed people walk
t Why Some Penguins Thrive in Climate Change
e Friends worry Tori Spelling is doing 'True Tori' show to exact revenge on Dean  ...
e Kim Kardashian speaks about her marriage to Kanye West for the first time: 'We'll  ...
e REPORT Gwen Stefani joins The Voice, replaces pregnant Christina Aguilera
e Kim Kardashian Goes Totally Blonde: Are You Loving the Look?
b Quiznos files for bankruptcy in attempt to restructure, reduce debt
b Swiss bank UBS Q1 profit rises by 7 percent following solid returns in investment  ...
b Air France-KLM shares hit by profit warning
t Nintendo Figurine Platform to launch with Mario-themed figures
t GM Reveals Pay Out Plan Amid Fresh Recalls
b US law firm seeks records over MH370 loss
t HTC explains how the 'Duo Camera' brings depth-sensing to the new One
e X-MEN: 'Days of Future Past' ($91M) wins weekend box office, powers past  ...
t Yahoo Is Reportedly Coming for YouTube's Neck
m New Saudi MERS cases spark global health concern
e Jennifer Lawrence was once sick in front of Miley Cyrus
e Megan Fox Is So Hot in the 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' Trailer!
b SanDisk to acquire Fusion-io leading to consolidation in the flash storage segment
b SE Michigan Purchasing Managers Index rebound indicates an expanding  ...
e Ask Father Paul
e Julia Collins run at 'Jeopardy' ends; see the clips
e Shout it out loud! The out gay man who made KISS superstars, got them into rock  ...
e Chelsea Handler's late-night show on E! to end in August
b Kocherlakota says Fed intended no policy shift -WSJ
e 'Cardboard cathedral' designer takes Pritzker Architecture Prize 2014
b PF Chang's Payment System Hacked: Chinese Restaurant Warns Customers to  ...
m Some tips for safe and healthy travel
e VIDEO Floyd Mayweather, T.I. Fight In Las Vegas: Champion Boxer, Rapper  ...
b NYMEX-US oil slips towards $104 as Libyan PM declares oil crisis over
b S&P cuts Argentina's credit rating further as talks drag on
b Company unveils marijuana vending machines
m UC Davis study links autism to pesticides
m 28 cases of mumps connected to Ohio State University
t Toyota Agrees to $1.2 Billion Penalty Ending US Probe
t WSJ: Amazon To Launch Its Own 3-D Smartphone In September
e Justin Bieber Ordered To Answer Selena Gomez Questions In Second Deposition
t Elon Musk confirms historic SpaceX landing, sues US Air Force
e Elisabeth Vincentelli
b Ikea increases hourly pay by 17 pct, the most in 10 years
b FOREX-Euro seen hamstrung ahead of ECB meeting, Aussie eyes GDP
b Adobe Doubles Growth to 2.3M in Creative Cloud Subscriptions
e 'Mad Men' recap: Under pressure
t Appeals court sides with Oracle in Google copyright case
b ECB's Draghi Warns of Ultralow Inflation Risk -- Update
b Traders await Fed signals
t Screenshots leak of CyanogenMod OS on the OnePlus One
e '22 Jump Street' Family Review: The 5 Most Parent Shocking Moments
e US rapper Benzino shot, injured during mother's funeral procession 0
m Reduce stroke risks eating fish
e Watch Denzel Washington in 'The Equalizer' Trailer
b Report: Home prices in Dallas jump 10 percent
t Refreshed 2015 Volkswagen Jetta to debut at New York Auto Show
b June jobs report shows US recovery is accelerating
b Mickelson named in insider trading investigation
e Pharrell On 'The Voice' ...
b Mortgage Rates at Citizens, Chase Unchanged Sunday Jun 29, 2014
t Nest opens technology to third-party developers
t NASA's Curiosity Rover completes first Martian Year on Mars
e Speed to blame for fatal Paul Walker crash
m Decades-old vials of FORGOTTEN smallpox found is in U.S. government storage  ...
b Americans Lament Gov't Bills on Tax 'Freedom' Day
e Holy Week at St. Mark's
e Rosie O'donnell - Rosie O'donnell Returning To The View
b Relatives of missing Malaysian flight passengers thrown out of press conference
e Olympian Louis Zamperini dies at 97
e Supercut Shows Jon Snow Knows Nothing...Except How To Brood Like A Master
e Draft Day Is Like the NFL's Moneyball Except It's Cruel to Nerds and Is Terrible
b Dealpolitik: Time to Settle at American Apparel
b PG&E pleads not guilty in fatal blast
t Habitable planet found
t Document details Apple's concern over growing Android competition
b Market Wrap AM
t LADEE, NASA's moon-orbiting robot, crashes down as planned
e Star Wars' Billy Dee Williams Drops Out Of Dancing With The Stars
e Amy Adams gives up prime airplane seat to soldier
t Find anyone's first tweet thanks to Twitter's 8th birthday
b Cut the Rope creator takes aim at King.com "candy" trademark in the EU
m Study: Diabetic heart attack and stroke rates falling
t WWDC 2014: What's changed in Apple's OS X 10.10 Yosemite
t Elephants Have Learned to 'Understand Human'
e Taylor Swift Shows Up At Fan's Bridal Shower
b UPDATE 2-Russia's Gazprom reduces gas to Ukraine after deadline passes
e Children's author Myers dies at 76
b 41 million expected to drive July 4 weekend
e George Clooney Slams Daily Mail Over 'Fabricated Story' About Fiancé Amal  ...
b NTSB to Release Asiana Airlines Flight 214 Crash Investigation Findings
e Kanye West Unleashes His Inner Control Freak Over Wedding Plans
e Gary Oldman praises 'True Detective', defends Alec Baldwin in Playboy interview
m Four area counties rank in bottom 10, least healthiest in Minnesota
t UN chief 'adopts' lion cub in Kenya, capping off environmental assembly | The  ...
b Should You Bet On Barclays PLC's Results?
e Zac Efron hits SXSW festival with fellow fit person Dave Franco to promote film  ...
b Same Stuff, Different Year: Should Shareholders Stick With IBM?
e Jennifer Lopez Debuts Sexy Album Cover, To Receive Icon Award By Billboard
e 'Community' gets a sixth season, courtesy of Yahoo
t Navy rolls out e-Reader for sailors on subs
e Pharrell Williams joins 'The Voice' as a coach
t LG Electronics Q1 strongest in 2 years, tips stronger TV sales in Q2
e Ryan Gosling Tried To Have Rachel McAdams Kicked Off The Set Of 'The  ...
e GAME OF THRONES 4.04 'Oathkeeper'
t Recalls challenge GM, frustrate customers
t Ebay Has Been Hacked, Users Must Change Their Passwords
e Jay Z was physically attacked by Beyonce's sister Solange Knowles after Met Gala
t DDoS Attacks Over 100Gbps Blitz Firms in 2014
e 7 Times Prince George Looked Just As Dapper As His Daddy
e Brad Pitt to star in new film titled 'The Operators'
t Samsung Galaxy Grand 2 Review – Too expensive for its specs?
t WeatherBug app now on Amazon's Fire phone
e Spotify's Coachella #WeWereThere Campaign: High Tech and Sweet, Sweet Air  ...
b China, Vietnam at odds over oil in South China Sea
m Oregon's largest city faces boil-water mandate
e Johnny Weir Says Marriage to Victor Voronov Was 'Threatening'
t Intel Corporation (INTC) news: A Massive Opportunity For Intel
b Pfizer boss: AstraZeneca takeover 'win-win for society'
b Japan's job market improves, inflation in line
e 'Jersey Shore' star arrested after tanning salon fight
t Ford to Lower Fuel Economy on 6 Vehicles
b Twitter's Monthly Active Users Are Growing Again - And The World Cup Helped
t Tesla Motors: 'America's Most Important Car Company'
e 'Neighbors' a box office Rhino knocking down 'Amazing Spider-Man 2'
t Microsoft red faced after Chinese ban on Windows 8
b North Carolina July 4 Holiday Traffic Highest in More Than a Decade; Gas Prices  ...
e Rihanna Refuses To Meet Charlie Sheen, Calls Him An “Old Queen”
e Shape Up With Shailene Woodley's Divergent Workout
e Kristen Stewart Shows Same-Sex Seduction (and Her Thong) in Clouds of Sils  ...
m ReWalk™ Personal Exoskeleton System Approved by FDA for Home Use
e Record Store Day hails comeback of vinyl records
m 'Blackout-in-a-can' Four Loko is actually dead this time
t Will Surface Pro 3 end WinTel hegemony?
b GM admits dragging feet on recall; 12 deaths tied to defect
b Chesapeake-based Dollar Tree to buy Family Dollar for $8.5 billion
b Australian Stock Market Report – Morning June 27, 2014
t Gas prices inch up
t Mite replaces Cheetah to become fastest animal on land
b Coca-Cola First-Quarter Results Soothe Angst About Slowdown (1)
b Boeing posts strong adjusted profit for Q1
e 'Grey's Anatomy Season 10 Spoilers: Sandra Oh Murdered Finale; Christina  ...
t NSA Denies Prior Knowledge Of Heartbleed Vulnerability
b Brent slips towards $111 as Libya PM declares oil crisis over
b Fed cuts US growth forecast
e Mrs. Doubtfire Sequel To Feature Robin Williams
b FAA proposes to fine Southwest Airlines $12M for flying planes without proper  ...
t Happy times at Portadown College
e Jack White's 'Lazaretto' Debuts at No. 1 And Sets Vinyl Sales Record
t Samsung Q1 net profit hits $7.3 billion, smartphone income dips
e How Will the 'Gone Girl' Movie Tell Both Sides of the Book's Story?
b Coldwater Creek files for Chapter 11 bankrupcy protection
e Favreau goes from "Iron Man" to stainless steel food truck in new film
t Great News, Smiley-Face Fans—Your Emojis Are About to Start Looking More  ...
t New Jersey gardens: National Pollinator Week
t Microsoft (MSFT) To Offer Windows Phone OS Free to Indian Brands: Report
t Why Harley-Davidson (HOG) Stock Is Falling Today
e Kors blimey! Freida Pinto stuns in nude feathered designer gown at the Saint  ...
e Miley Cyrus: 'I was poisoning myself'
b China moves oil rig to another site in Vietnamese waters
t Apple Reaches Settlement on E-Books -- 2nd Update
t Ocean Acidity Level Increases, might Affect Alaskan Fishing Industry
b Family Dollar Cutting Jobs, Closing 370 Stores
e DiCaprio to star in Steve Jobs biopic?
m Massachusetts ditches RomneyCare health exchange
b Lawrence home sales and prices fall in April; new numbers suggest local tax  ...
e Top OMG-Moments of 2014 MTV VMAs, Blue Ivy Melts Our Hearts [WATCH  ...
e RISE AND GRIND! MORNING MUSIC NEWS: Stream Robin Thicke's “Paula  ...
t Diamonds are computer s best friend
e 'The Good Wife': Alicia struggles to accept 'The Last Call'
e Emma Watson Introduces New 'Noah' Trailer
m Cervical cancer: current US screening guidelines 'underestimate prevalence'
e Cat Modeler's Sharknado Model Follows Campy SyFy Sequel
e Gabriel Garcia Marquez loved journalism
e Cameron Diaz, Jason Segel make a 'Sex Tape'
e Chicago mayor grateful for Lucas museum choice
m Caught on Camera: Man Robbed During Apparent Heart Attack
b Sikorsky says it received $1.28B Air Force contract for work on new rescue  ...
m Bill Rodgers reflects on this year's marathon
e Julia Roberts Talks About Half-Sister's Overdose for First Time
b EU reportedly targeting Amazon tax deals in crackdown
e 'Man Of Steel 2' Casts Ray Fisher As Cyborg
m Bob Redig: Obamacare is great for our country
e Adam Richman Loses New Show Over Comments
t Goldman Sachs Comments on Office for iPad Announced (AAPL) (MSFT)
b McDonald's Liable for Employees' Treatment, Labor Board Rules
b After the Fire
b June payrolls data lifts Dow Jones to record high
t Vessyl Smart Cup Tells Difference Between Coca-Cola and Pepsi
e A Guide To Understanding The Transformers Franchise, According To A Non-Fan
m Normal Heart Cells Transformed into 'Biological' Pacemaker
e Full House Could Be Getting A Television Reboot
t Apple Can't Lose Unless It Beats Itself
b GoPro ventures into new territory
t Four Questions I Still Have About Microsoft's Nokia Acquisition
m 'I would sit next to Ebola sufferer on Tube', says scientist who discovered deadly  ...
b US senator nearly hit by train during talk about train safety
e #TransformationTuesday: Christina Grimmie Edition
e Legendary cinematographer Gordon Willis dies at 82; see his finest work from  ...
t 35 per cent rise for Twitter shares
b Mears, other taxi services not happy with Uber ride-sharing program in Orlando
b Fitch Upgrades Lloyd's Ratings to 'AA-'; Outlook Stable
e Sean Hayes joining cast of CBS sitcom 'The Millers' for its second season
e Marc Webb will leave Spider-Man franchise after third film
t BMW and Tesla Met Up to Discuss the Future of Electric Cars
b Planting nearly complete in area fields
e Michael Fassbender is the young Erik/Magneto in “X-Men: Days of Future Past.”
t Sentinel Telescope May Help Save Us From Earth-Killing Asteroids
e Kanye West turns into Groomzilla as he gets ''paranoid'' about wedding privacy
b Target's CEO loses his job
e Lindsay Lohan Miscarriage: Sobbing Star Reveals Tragedy — Watch
m US FDA approves first device to prevent migraine headaches
e Justin Timberlake, Heath Ledger, Adam Levine and more part of list of  ...
e Brad Pitt and Matthew McConaughey Outdid Drew Brees in New Orleans
b Argentina Looks to Settle Issues with 'Vulture Funds' As Fresh Default Looms
t 10 Wacky Movie Depictions of Virtual Reality
m New Anti-Obesity Weapon: Tequila?
t Apple Will Publicly Stream WWDC Keynote and 'Exciting Announcements'
b European stocks mixed to lower, eyes on Draghi; Dax down 0.05%
m Why you should get a colonoscopy and what you can expect
b PPG Acquiring Comex
b Michaels falls in 1st day of trading on the Nasdaq
t Wait. What About a Full Moon on Feb. 29?
b Brent climbs toward $115, hits nine-month high on Iraq crisis
m UN: Global AIDS epidemic can be controlled by 2030
t FCC warns that it's still better to call 911 instead of texting
b First Take: No surprises from Yellen
b Dow Chemical out with earnings
e Lupita Nyong'o is People's 'Most Beautiful' Person
b News Corp.
e VIDEO: LA mayor obscenity speech steals King's Stanley Cup party
t Apple Inc. (AAPL) Is Up Sharply Following WSJ Report
t FCC chairman vows to keep Internet an 'open pathway'
t GM Releases Video To Demonstrate Safety of Recalled Cars
b Credit Suisse reports 1.6 billion francs net profit for Q2
e Miley Cyrus Lashes Out as "Lame" Haters, Is "Miserable" in Hospital
e New Michael Jackson album, Xscape, to be released in May Album will feature  ...
e Controversy surrounds Madison native's book about Harper Lee
t BlackBerry to acquire German security solutions firm
m Scientists use cloning to create stem cells from adult donors: Science roundup
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Zoom specs leaked, reveals incredible camera
e 'The Voice' top 8 announced
e Tuesday Ratings: Night Shift, Extreme Weight Loss, America's Got Talent, Riot
m An Electronic Cigarette May Not Help You Quit or Even Reduce Smoking
t Gas Dwarfs: Astronomers Identify New Type of Extrasolar Planets
e Cannes 2014: Winter Sleep wins Palme d'Or
e Emma Stone on the modernization of Gwen Stacy in 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2'
e Monday Midday Must-Reads
b Ukraine crisis not an excuse to raise energy prices
e Mickey Rooney passes away at 93
b Investor's Guide To Valeant's May 28 Event For Allergan And Valeant  ...
t Communicating Climate Initiatives Will Have Multiple Sound Impacts For  ...
m Saudi Arabia Reports 11 New MERS Infections
e Andrew Garfield Stars In Arcade Fire's New “We Exist” Video
e Tom Hanks in a Yarmulke Dancing to 'This Is How We Do It' Is Awesome
t Microsoft To Make Big Jobs Cuts This Week (Rumor)
m Magazine's response to woman's weight loss photos causes controversy
b Russia halts gas supply to Ukraine
t Kickstarter campaign raising funds for remote-controlled running robot
b Japan May trade deficit shrinks as energy imports fall
m Chronic Pain Poses Problems For Returning Soldiers, Study Finds
b Asian stocks higher as earnings season starts
t Word Processing Moves Beyond the Virtual Typewriter
b Flight 370: Ships Retrieve Possible Debris For The First Time
e The Best Twitter Reactions to Tonight's Shocking 'Game of Thrones' Twist
m More anthrax safety problems uncovered in second probe of CDC labs
e Paul McCartney On Road To Recovery From Virus In Japan
b South African economy falls to No 2 on continent behind Nigeria, but Pretoria is  ...
e Q&A – Elisabeth Moss (Peggy Olson)
t How Samsung enlists developers to make sense of health data
b At-home mothers in US on the rise, study finds
e Box office: 'Guardians of the Galaxy' takes in $11.2 million Thursday
t NSA denies that it exploited 'Heartbleed' vulnerability to spy on targets
t Rare Mouse Resembling Miniature Elephant Discovered in African Desert
b Target CEO resigns after massive data breach
t Facebook website back up after outage
e 'Bachelorette' video: Andi Dorfman and Marquel do a 'cookie tasting'
e How Hobie changed Southern California and then the world: Breaking View
e Adele Teases Possible New Album, Internet Explodes
e Nouvelle Wag: “White God” wins Cannes' Palm Dog
e Seth Rogen Shows Nude Sketch of James Franco in Jimmy Fallon Show
t Twitter launches first-tweet tool on birthday
b US close: Dow snaps six-day winning streak as Iraq offsets data
e Allison Tolman Helps Take 'Fargo' to TV (Video)
t UK, US govts warn against using Internet Explorer
e Britney Spears Singing Without Auto-Tune Has Been Leaked
m American missionary Nancy Writebol fighting Ebola in Liberia, son says
e 23 Awesome Photos Of Musicians Performing At Coachella
b Futures Pointing To Early Strength On Wall Street
t Facebook is reportedly preparing to take on Snapchat once again with a new  ...
t Ham Radio Operators Show Off For Wiregrass Residents
b German unemployment drops to 6.8 per cent in April thanks to spring boost
t Facebook New Privacy Features
m Some scientists warn WHO not to stub out e-cigarettes
m Study Funded By Soda Industry Concludes Diet Soda Helps People Lose Weight
t David Suzuki: You might be allergic to global warming
b Exclusive: Target Canada's supply chain gridlock - how Barbie SUVs snarled traffic
b 5 Takeaways From Mario Draghi's May Press Conference
e Zac Efron's Top 5 big screen appearances
b Investigator: IRS awarded $1 million in employee bonuses to 1150 workers who  ...
m SA has highest number of new HIV infections worldwide - survey
t Upgrade your Windows XP or get fined: Banking authority warning
m In human cloning first, scientists create stem cells from adults
t Facebook Walks the Privacy Walk, And Walks It Back -- At the Same Time
e Neil Young Announces PonoMusic Launch
t Motorola Mobility Escapes EU Fine in Patent Dispute
e Taylor Swift Named Billboard's Highest-Earning Artist
e I Love Television™
t Gone with the wind?
e Reaction to the death of Nobel laureate Gabriel Garcia Marquez
t Oracle Buys Hotel/Retail Software Provider Micros
t Apple to maintain its iPad line, despite falling iPad sales
t VIDEO: WhatsApp Founder Defends His Commitment To Privacy After $19  ...
m Clinical Collaboration to Assess Incyte, BMS Cancer Compounds
t Motorola News: Moto X+1 Features Leaked, 8 Phones Slated For 2014 And The  ...
m US anthrax probe reveals new bird flu mishap, widespread safety lapses
b Why the Boeing Company's Q1 Earnings Could Be a Mixed Bag
b 'China pushes banks to remove IBM servers'
e Palm Sunday celebrated in Mizoram
e Miley Cyrus' NBC Bangerz Special Was a Huge Ratings Flop
b Competition slices into Whole Foods' market share
m Pancreatic cancer may become number two cause of cancer deaths
b Canadian dollar unchanged amid lower than expected GDP data, commodities  ...
t Net Neutrality Activists Prepare for Day of Action as Pressure Mounts Against the  ...
e Rumor Has It That Joe Manganeillo And Sofia Vergara Are Now Dating
e Tracy Morgan in fair condition after crash
b UberX Is Now Cheaper Than a NYC Taxi
e Sideshow: Paltrow's positive spin on split with Martin
e Solange & Beyoncé Put 'Beef' Rumors to Rest With New Instagram Pic
m Posted yesterday at 4:17pm
t Amazon to unveil smartphone in time for holidays: Report
e Diane Sawyer To Leave ABC's 'World News' While Stephanopoulos, Muir Take  ...
b INTERVIEW-Target's interim CEO says he does not want job permanently
b Report: Morgan Stanley eyes compensation cuts
t European Commission slams Apple for in-app purchase policies
e 'Cesar Chavez' film a solid tribute to farm labor leader
t Domino's hackers fail to release customer data following Twitter suspension
t Editorial: Calculating costs of climate's impact on future Arizonans
b MSCI Asia erases losses
t Time Lapse: "Blood Moon" Lunar Eclipse
t Google Launching New Entertainment Hub
t Dell will pay Microsoft royalties for Android and Chrome OS...
e Los Angeles judge refuses to release Chris Brown
t GoPro goes to the dogs with its Fetch camera harness
t Microsoft adds new Outlook.com and OneDrive encryption to thwart government  ...
e Lorde Meets 'Royals' Inspiration George Brett
e Jessica Simpson flubbed wedding vows, report says
e Pink Floyd Prepping 'The Endless River' LP
b TSX rises on Fed remarks, posts ninth month of gains
m What you don't know about sunscreen could hurt you
m Wealth status 'may affect distribution of cancer types'
b Stock Futures Narrow Losses; Nordstrom, JC Penney Rocket
b Twitter hires i-banker Anthony Noto as its CFO; Mike Gupta to look after  ...
e Actor Short arrested
b Google sees 19% rise in Q1 revenue
t Google online maps add virtual time travel
e Game of Thrones TV series. Who is the ugliest character?
e 'Dance Moms' Abby Lee Miller Guest Judges 'Dancing With the Stars,' Upsets  ...
b Federal highway fund 'fiscal cliff' threatens state, local projects
e Tonight on “Dancing With the Stars” Be Our (Disney) Guest
e New 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' Trailer, Posters Released
e Godzilla director Gareth Edwards to direct first Star Wars spin-off
e Extant: "Re-Entry" Review
t Remote Control OutRunner Robot Runs On Six Legs
b Fox bid for Time Warner sparks content merger race
e Bates Motel renewed for third season by A&E
b US belligerency against China exacerbating: Randy Short
t Warming Threatens Roads, Ports and Planes, Report Says
e Marvel unveils black Captain America
t GRAV WAVE TSUNAMI boffinry BONANZA – the aftershock of the universe's Big  ...
e Marc Webb Won't Direct 'Amazing Spider-Man 4'
t IPCC Report Disputed By 2 MPs, Though Other 9 Ready to Address Global  ...
e Hollywood Turns Against the Famed Beverly Hills Hotel Over the Sultan of  ...
e New films opening this week
t Report: 44% Twitter users have never tweeted
b Nigeria vs South Africa
b Uber 20% Price Drop Give NYC Taxis A Run For Their Money, UberX Is Now  ...
b Gold steady, seen vulnerable after strong US jobs data
t More Signs Of 'Android TV'
e 'Noah': 3 points for parents
e Game of Thrones: Yara Attempts to Rescue Theon
e James Franco 'obsessed' with newly single Lana Del Rey
b Bank of America Corp Earnings Report: Troubles Are Far From Over
e The Brilliant Misandry of Orphan Black
e Kelly Clarkson Welcomes Baby Girl
t Nike abandons FuelBand; Metro Perc adds event space: Beaverton business  ...
t BlackBerry posts fresh losses
t NASA Discovers Earth-Like Planet
e Video: Disney's Maleficent Final Trailer - What Could Make a Good Fairy Go Bad?
e 'Big Brother 16' news: Was Donny Thompson in the Army?
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West fly to Ireland for honeymoon new
m FDA Approves Takeda's Biologic for Ulcerative Colitis, Crohn's
b Congress Steps In To Investigate General Motors And NHTSA
e How Does 'Guardians of the Galaxy' Compare to 'The Avengers'?
t Yahoo Updates Flickr App with Advanced Editing Features and More
e Jolie talks Maleficent, mastectomy, kidnap victims
e Baby to Make Three for Ashton Kutcher and Mila Kunis
t Twitter adds photo-tagging
b More than 3000 Chinese nationals evacuated from Vietnam – Xinhua
t Amazon Enters Smartphone Market with Fire Phone
e 'Bears' a delightful nature trip
t LG, Samsung Android Wear Smartwatches Torn Apart by iFixit
e St. Pete Parade - a party, but also political
e Tracy Morgan in "Fair" Condition Following Crash That Killed Friend
t Google's bid to trademark the word 'Glass' is on hold
m Generation of tanning sees spike in deadly melanoma
m SPECIAL REPORT - Adults with autism in the Harrogate district
b Mercedes Plots Tailor-Made C-Class Offerings in Global Push (2)
t Amazon hopes to break from the pack with 3D-ready 'Fire' smartphone
b The Other Pivot to Asia: Russia's
e James Franco: Underwear Selfie Was for "My Fans," "What People Want" (VIDEO)
e Lindsay Lohan is dating a married man
e Viral Video of the Day: Will Ferrell and Chad Smith Drum-Off
b Twitter Insider Selling May Crush the Stock: StockTwits
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Sales Reportedly Off to Staggering Start
t Microsoft Office for iPad official
m The Calorie Counts Of These 9 Chain Restaurant Meals Will Horrify You
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Prime ( SM-G906): 5.1 inch Smartphone Spotted on Indian  ...
e Justin Bieber fires back after Seth Rogen's criticism
t Novartis signs deal with Google to bring smart lens tech to market
b Stocks set for quarterly gains, euro zone inflation eyed
b Home Sweet Home? Kevyn Orr Plans to Bid on a Detroit Home
t Cisco's Intercloud: For when one cloud isn't enough
e Rare 1937 film footage shows 'brave struggle' of FDR walking
e Ann B. Davis dead; 'Brady Bunch' actress was 88
t Pies celebrate Pi Day
b Pound Sterling Exchange Rates: Pound to Dollar Tests Resistance, Near Best  ...
e US Easter confectionery sales set for 4% rise, says NCA
b Rate snapshot: Fed may increase rates sooner than thought
b Chart: Springfield's April unemployment rate down 1 percent compared to 2013
t Microsoft warns Windows XP users will be more vulnerable to viruses and  ...
e Pastor ready for Easter morning glory
t Intel unveils a robot and a 'smart' shirt
t Red fire ants join to form rafts to survive in water
b Vietnam stops anti-China protests after riots, Beijing evacuates workers
t Ride-booking company Uber is testing the waters in Wilmington
t Berners-Lee calls for 'Magna Carta' to protect online users
b Adobe Systems Reaches New 52-Week High on Earnings Beat (ADBE)
e A glance of some of the better known literary works by Gabriel Garcia Marquez
t Today Titanium, Tomorrow Bouncing Bolts
b Can you buy cool? Apple tries, with $3 billion Beats purchase
e Juan Pablo Galavis and Nikki Ferrell Make Debut — Bachelor Nation Reacts!
t Podesta: Congress can't stop Obama on warming
t Hubble Space Telescope Catches Jupiter's Great Red Spot At Its Smallest Size  ...
t Climate change could cost $100 billion a year
e Ryan Gosling's 'Lost River' Takes a Beating By Critics in Cannes
b Facebook to buy LiveRail, adding video-advertising tools
e 6 Iranians arrested for making fan video of Pharrell Williams' 'Happy'
m Schumacher's 'medical' documents stolen: Management
e Comic Tracy Morgan out of critical condition after crash
t Microsoft accepting right-to-be-forgotten Bing requests
e Engaged Johnny Depp flaunts 'chick ring'
e Nicki Minaj Discusses Her Nipples After VMA Wardrobe Malfunction
b Study: Indebted college grads under 40 have $8700 net worth
t Gas prices surge statewide
e US Airways tweets pornographic image
e Media chief Sweeney is leaving Disney
e Scandal actor Columbus Short charged with felony
t EU Slams Apple For Lack Of In-App Purchase Protections While Praising Google
b Asia stocks muted as China data, Wall St weighed - New Jersey Herald
b -- Message to AbbVie Inc. ("AbbVie") employees
m CDC Recommends HIV Test That Can Detect Infection Up To 4 Weeks Faster
e 'Shocking 'Game Of Thrones' Finale Concludes With Arrest Of 5 Million Viewers  ...
t Microsoft Office for iPad released, Office Mobile made free
t Japan's Antarctic whaling program not scientific, world court says
e What 'Bachelorette' Andi Dorfman Doesn't Know About Her New Fiancé — Josh  ...
e Keeping Up with the Kardashians Klip: Psychics, Squats and Sperm
t Washington officers to crack down on distracted driving
t Expect gas prices to fall by Memorial Day
e Craig Zadan And Neil Meron Return To Produce The 2015 Oscars®
t SBUX: Starbucks to Roll-Out Wireless Charging Stations Nationwide
t GM offers bonus to dealers to speed up recall, repairs
m VIDEO: WHO: 1 In 8 Global Deaths Linked To Air Pollution
e New 'Harry Potter' spinoff trilogy will be based on 'Fantastic Beasts And Where to  ...
b Mario Draghi warns over 'negative spiral' of low inflation
e Beyonce, Jay Z bringing summer concert tour to Houston
b FDA Green Lights Intuitive Surgical's New Robotic Surgeon
b Amazon grabs a new demographic…comic book readers
b New York Times publisher outlines reasons for editor Abramson's ouster
m Florida mental and behavioral healthcare providers get funding boost from  ...
e 'Full House' cast members reunite at Dave Coulier's wedding
b US stocks end off highs, Dow up for week; gold at six-week lows
e VIDEO: Farewell, Cristina Yang
m CDC PUBLISHES STUNNING NEWS ABOUT "CRUISE SHIP" ILLNESS  ...
m Insect repellent, antiviral drug detected in jerky pet treats
b Saturday's Interest Rates for Home Mortgages at HSBC Jul 5, 2014
e Thrones will survive shocking scene (spoiler)
b Payday Loans Don't Payoff. Borrowers Ending Up Spending More Money on Fees
t Species of snake lost for nearly 80 years found on Mexican island
e Stephen Colbert Reads First Top 10 List on 'The Late Show' (Video)
e Jenny McCarthy Gets Her Own SiriusXM Show
b FOREX-Euro off to subdued start, PMIs in focus this week
t Samsung Galaxy S4 mini and Galaxy Mega getting Android 4.4.2 with US Cellular
t Samsung exec says Galaxy S5 to outsell S4
b Thune Medical Loss Ratio Hearing Statement
e Sinead O'Connor has hot new look, 'Bossy' new album title
t Barra's recall apology not enough, families say
e Adam Richman show cancellation linked to online comments
b Russian Billionaire Divorce Settlement May Be Biggest Ever
b Turkey Bans Twitter Prior To Elections, Twitter Offers SMS Workaround
e Trace Adkins wife files for divorce after 16 years of marriage
e Zendaya Pulls Out of Playing Aaliyah
b US indexes drift higher; Tiffany gains - FOX 32 News Chicago
e 2014 Critics' Choice Awards Nominees Revealed!
e Pfister, Depp reunite for sci-fi 'Transcendence'
e Chelsea Handler's star-studded goodbye
e Fox unveils fall schedule, cuts back 'American Idol'
b New leads, but still no plane
e Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez 'inseparable' at Coachella, as they're spotted  ...
e People magazine announced "The most beautiful woman in the world"
b FIELDS: The pornification of little-girl fashion
m Minnesota becomes first state to outlaw antibacterial products
b Gold Falls to $1270 on Fed Speculation
e Contract talks in Met Opera labor dispute extended
e Former 'Dynasty' star Kate O'Mara dies
e Patricia Heaton Opens Up About Juggling Acting Career And Motherhood
b FAA: Jet nearly collided with drone over Florida
e Ben Affleck banned for cheating at Hard Rock Casino
t New Facebook feature will recognize music, TV...
t Samsung says future of smartphone technology is evolution, not revolution
t White House unveils dire warning, calls for action on climate
b Libya declares oil crisis over after state reclaims ports
e Hollywood no big deal, says Jolie
e Robert Pattinson living with Kristen Stewart?
b The 'Zulia' Deal: By The Numbers
e The Walking Dead Season 5: Rewatch Season 4 Finale For Hints on Terminus  ...
t Learn about short wave radio this Saturday
b Stamford's SAC Capital Fined $1.8B For Insider Trading
e Wu-tang Clan - Rza Opens Up About Penis-chop Affiliate
e 'Shield' actor accused of killing wife
m How strong is that drink? Calculator helps figure
b Malaysia flight update: Thai radar may have tracked plane
e Recap: 'True Blood' - 'Fire in the Hole'
b Breaking: AT&T to announce DirecTV takeover tomorrow
b Car bomb rocks Greece's central bank
e 'Girl Meets World' marks a switch in the Disney program
t Galaxy S5 Prime / Galaxy F Probably Just Samsung's Galaxy S5 LTE-A; But  ...
t Google Glass design video gives look at early prototypes
t Astronomers ring in startling asteroid find
b House prices continue to soar, latest figures show
e Ukraine's Human Barbie Believes Ugliness Is A Symptom Of 'Race-Mixing'
e http://brooklyn.about.com/od/July-4-Independence-Day/fl/Can-You-Watch-Macys  ...
e The Flash Costume Revealed For Upcoming Arrow Spin-Off
t Most Cities Fail To Meet New Pollution Guidelines
t Samsung Releases Galaxy S5, New Smartwatches
t Microsoft unveils larger, faster Surface tablet
b NIGERIA NOW AFRICA'S LARGEST ECONOMY
m I got it! Toddler Amputee Takes First Step
m FDA approves HPV test as 'stand alone' cervical cancer screen
t Private Cygnus Spaceship Delivers NASA Cargo to Space Station
t First peek at VLC media player for Windows Phone
b Banco Espirito Santo lost €3.6bn in first six months of 2014
b Stock market rises as big earnings week starts
b Virgin America: We have a deal for AA's Dallas Love gates
b CEOs trim estimates for GDP growth: Survey
t Samsung Galaxy S5 vs HTC One (M8) vs LG G2 – Autonomy Comparison
t Samsung Looks to Expand Biometric Sensors in Mobile Devices
t Samsung Galaxy S5 launched in India, priced between Rs 51000 to Rs 53000
b USD/JPY - Yen Firm As Markets Eye Yellen Testimony
t Nature is inspiring drones of the future
b Sector movers: M&A boosts pharma sectors as AstraZeneca soars
e Mad Men Season 7 New Promo Trailer Arrives with Stylish and Sexy Flare  ...
e Police: Actor told 911 he shot wife in Los Angeles - CBS 3 Springfield - WSHM
t Report: Apple developing 12.9-inch iPad to launch in 2015
e Dancing With The Stars Week 3: Most Memorable Year plus 'the switch'
e North Korea threatens to 'punish' Australian FM
t Microsoft stops probing Hotmail to plug leaks
b Oil companies stocks fall over fears that Iraq crisis could push up global crude  ...
e 'Tonight Show' Jimmy Fallon: Neil Young Covers Iggy Azalea's Song 'Fancy' with  ...
t [Update - Images] T-Mobile changes upcoming: Simplified billing, no prorated  ...
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West release wedding photos
t FTC Alleges T-Mobile Crammed Millions in Bogus Charges onto Customers  ...
e Zendaya to portray Aaliyah in upcoming biopic; Cartoon Network reviving  ...
e Andi visits the final four bachelor's hometowns, learns of Eric Hill's death
e The coffee giant announced a drink named after the media mogul.
b Ohio Jeep plant hiring part-time workers
e 'Transcendence' filled with big ideas, ultimately disappointing
b Earnings Outlook is the Key Factor
t Wearing your next computer?
t Microsoft-Nokia Deal to Close on April 25
e Angelina Jolie Talks Brad Pitt and Marriage Plans
e Paul Walker's brothers to help finish 'Fast & Furious 7'
t Climate change could cost more than $100 billion a year
e Shia LaBeouf banned by restaurant for peeing on wall
e Did Selena Gomez Admit She Was In Canada With Bieber?
b Credit Suisse stock climbs after US tax fraud deal
t US v Europe - a cultural gap on the right to be forgotten
b JPMorgan Chase Declares Common Stock Dividend
m Whooping Cough reaches epidemic levels
m Recall of 12 tons of chicken tenders ordered; Labels fail to list all ingredients
e 'Star Wars: VII' Already Shooting, Main Actors Still Not Announced
e Ted 2 Movie Release Date, Cast Rumors: Seth MacFarlane Makes New Film  ...
e Eli Wallach, Method actor, dead at 98
b Commodities: Oil futures retreat for fifth straight session
b Hardening Euro would trigger more monetary stimulus: Mario Draghi
b JPMorgan Investors Show Support for Dimon in Cancer Fight
e Keith Urban Show Results In Many Alcohol Related Illnesses
e Shailene Woodley's Cut From The Amazing Spider-Man 2 Explained By Andrew  ...
b Rupee likely to appreciate, yields might fall
e Film review: Godzilla
e Juan Pablo Gives Final Rose To Nikki Ferrell But Doesn't Propose
e How Thailand's Military Coup Could Harm The Country For Years To Come
b Snap Back to Reality; Stifel Updates Ests on Tesla (TSLA) Following Q1 Report  ...
b Soybean prices fell again Tuesday as traders expect the US crop to come in at a  ...
e Lindsay Lohan reveals having miscarriage on reality show finale
e Kristen Stewart Fired From “Snow White and the Hunstman 2″ ?!
m Skip Processed Meat on Father's Day; Don't Increase Dad's Risk of Heart Failure
e Kaley Cuoco "Obsessed" With Her Haters, Dishes About "Crazy" Fling With  ...
e Robert Pattinson 'Homeless' After Kristen Stewart Break Up? [WATCH] Katy  ...
e Chelsea Handler signs off from 'Chelsea Lately' on E!
e Home / News / Sophia Vergara and Joe Manganiello are Hollywood's sexiest  ...
m FDA Approves Cefaly: Headband-Like Device to Prevent Migraines (Video Demo)
b China blames Vietnam for sea collisions, but calls for talks
b JPMorgan crashes Goldman's date with eBay
m Mercer, UT upsets highlight Day 1 in Raleigh
t ATK Technologies Support Launch of ULA's Delta II Rocket from California
b Exclusive - ECB gets pragmatic to keep bank test deadlines in sight
e New 'Jurassic World' image puts 'Guardians of the Galaxy' star Chris Pratt in a cage
m Your friends 'may be your fourth cousins'
b West TX Oil Below $104.50 as Libya Declares End to Oil Crisis
e RIP John Pinette: master comedian and “Seinfeld” actor dies at 50 (UPDATED)
t BBM 2.1 update adds stickers, group photo sharing, more
e Jenny McCarthy and Sherri Shepherd Confirm They're Leaving 'The View'
m Hospital-Related Infections Hit Nearly 650000 Patients in 2011: CDC
e Hugh Jackman Reveals Plans to Film 'X-Men Apocalypse' and 'Wolverine 3  ...
b Oil market climbs on Iraq tensions
t Facebook down
t Samsung to launch a Moto 360-like smartwatch with gesture support
m Ebola outbreak in Guinea an 'unprecedented epidemic'
e Miranda Lambert: Platinum
b Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17: Nearly 300 people dead as 'terrorists' bring down  ...
e Japanese architect Shigeru Ban wins Pritzker award
t Samsung Galaxy S5: Gets another price cut now costs 43K
e Eminem is most played artist on Spotify as service reaches 40 million active users
e Barbara Walters announces final scheduled air date
e Nicki Minaj, Ed Sheeran And More Perform 2014 Philly 4th Of July Jam: Watch
m Fortified Products could be Harmful to Children
m Judge clears way for new curbs on medication abortions
b Samsung Electronics' weak earnings guidance delivers 'harsh reality check' as  ...
b Sun Pharma-Ranbaxy deal to create a synergy of US$ 250 million in 3 years
m Bulgaria to switch to daylight saving time
m Fist Bumps Spread Fewer Germs than Shaking Hands
t HTC One (M8) vs. Samsung Galaxy S5: Price and Specifications Comparison
e Trace Adkins & Wife Rhonda Call It Quits After 17 Years
t FCC launches its own investigation into T-Mobile bill 'cramming' (updated)
t T&Mobile Launches "Unradio" Music Streaming Service with Rhapsody
m Married Couples Are More Likely To Share Similar DNA
b Obama Sanctions Underwhelm Russian Stock Traders as Market Jumps
t Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg meets PM Modi
b London Cabbies Sing Uber Alles
b Medtronic to buy Covidien for US$42.9b, rebase in Ireland
e Pregnant Christina Aguilera strips NAKED for stunning photoshoot, says "I'm  ...
b Commodities trading outlook announces crude oil and natural gas futures
t Revenue Canada: Heartbleed exploit used in taxpayer breach
m Abou Faour: First MERS Infection Detected in Lebanon
t Google beats Facebook to buying Titan Aerospace drone company
e Movie review: 'Get On Up'
b 3 Bond Winners Leading the Pack in This Bull Market
e Chris Martin still loves Gwyneth Paltrow and 'wants their 11-year marriage to  ...
e Celebrities and fans react to 'True Blood's' latest casualty on Twitter
b Steady but Slow Remains the Story of This Recovery
b NAB's 8.5pc H1 cash profit rise meets expectations, UK pain continues
t Media outlets cry censorship as Google removes search results in Europe
t Google reveals VR headset made out of a smartphone and cardboard
m $10m required to fight W/Africa Ebola - WHO
b GM hires Volkswagen exec as its new PR chief
b Dow tops 17000 for first time after government says hiring picked up speed last  ...
e Jay Leno Compares Sultan Of Brunei To Sterling In Hotel Protest
t New Jersey lawmakers to vote on Tesla sales
e Dina Lohan going on 'Real Housewives of New York City'? Lindsay Lohan  ...
e Weekend Box Office Spidey undone by goofball 'Neighbors'
t Titanfall Review: Will The Score Have A Say In Pushing Xbox One Units?
t Titanfall live-action series 'Free the Frontier' gets a teaser, and our minds are  ...
b RPT-Fitch Affirms Danske Bank Category C Covered Bonds at 'AAA', Outlook  ...
t The Apple/IBM partnership is nothing but good news for the enterprise
e 'Mad Men' shocker: Will Robert Morse break Emmy curse?
t Dodge Ram Ignition Switch Focus of New US Investigation
e The BET Awards' most memorable moments
b FXBeat US wrap: ECB on high alert but EUR/USD bounces hard from 1.3750
t Next Tesla Sedan Will Be Called Tesla Model 3
t Facebook is Rudely Forcing You to Download Another Instant Messaging App
e Warner Bros. picks up Busby Berkeley biopic, Ryan Gosling to produce, maybe  ...
b Inflation drops
t iPhone 5s is world's top smartphone, but phablets are on the rise
b Barclays will now be hiring, paying and appreciating precisely these people in its  ...
e Clueless actress Stacey Dash lands Fox News gig
b Should You Worry About the Short Interest in Mitek (MITK)?
e If watch the first 3 Transformers movies simultaneously, you discover Michael  ...
t NVIDIA GTX Titan Z Has 5760 Cores
e Miley Tour Bus Burt Down
e 'The Voice' Recap: Final Battles Wrap With a 'Climax'
m Filipinos advised to leave Ebola-stricken areas
m High court refuses to reinstate New York big-soda ban
e Stephen Responds to #CancelColbert—After Jon Launches #CancelStewart
b Draghi signals action over low inflation in euro zone
t Playstation Network Hacked and Brought Down
e Eva Mendes is pregnant with Ryan Gosling's baby: Report
m Ebola Roars Back in West Africa
t eBay Database Hacked With Stolen Employee Credentials
b Barclays reports less than expected 12% fall in adjusted net income
b Sebelius in Tennessee to push health exchange
t Astronomers Discover A New Type Of Planet
e Tommy Lee Jones unveils 'The Homesman' in Cannes
t Major cities in Asia turn off lights for one hour
e Mad Men dream ends
m RCOG statement on new Lancet study exploring impact of smoke-free legislation  ...
t Facebook tweaks privacy policy for new users
b Survey: Customers slam McDonald's, KFC, Taco Bell
e Celebrity News JK Rowling reveals new Harry Potter story online
t The Long Road To GM's Ignition Switch Recall
t Home»Gadgets»Launches»Freida Pinto Launches Galaxy S5 Galaxy Gear In  ...
b Futures File: Corn prices and the Euro drops
b Monday's Stocks to Watch: Allergan, Inc. (NYSE:AGN), Valeant Pharmaceuticals  ...
t Sony's Morpheus a step closer to virtual-reality games
b US stocks slip on discouraging news from Asia
b Disaster-struck Malaysia Airlines plans name change
e Tributes paid to Peaches Geldof found dead at home aged 25
m 1 in 68 kids diagnosed with autism; better testing cited
t Supermoon Seen on Saturday Night
t Virtual reality headset maker Oculus sued by videogame publisher ZeniMax over  ...
e Legendary actor Eli Wallach has died at the age of 98
e Worldwide Exclusive: Angelina Jolie Opens Up
t Sector Update: Tech
t Why Chromebook offers massive benefits in terms of productivity and flexibility
t Facebook faces more heat over news feed experiment
t Facebook lab to bring internet everywhere
e X-Men dominate at movie theaters
e Regardless of How Good or Bad the Movie, Eli Wallach, Dead at 98, Was the  ...
b US chopper spots 2 Chinese warships
b Dollar Slips Against Yen, Euro Weakness Continues and Other Top Forex News.
e Midshipman in Naval Academy sex case not guilty
e 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' 9/11 poster sparks outrage
e Juan Pablo Memes: 10 Hilarious Jokes To Make This Past Season Of 'The  ...
e Miley Cyrus hospitalised, cancels US concert
b Federal appeals court upholds ex-Goldman, P&G board member's insider  ...
b VIDEO: Two planes nearly collide on runway
e Eric Hill of 'The Bachelorette' passes away after accident
e Two Days, One Night, review: 'dripping with juice'
b Oregon's gas prices are seventh most expensive in the nation: Oregon fuel price  ...
e Johnny Manziel parties with Floyd Mayweather and Justin Bieber
e Brittny Gastineau attacked by boyfriend?
b Samsung Profit Falls as Smartphone Sales Slow
b Are Bonds Signaling a Recession, or Warning of a Market Crash?
m FDA's proposed e-cig rule: Too far or not far enough?
b Twitter stock flies high on strong 2nd-quarter results
t Car Dashcams Capture Possible Meteorite Above Russia
b Gold prices ease in early Asian trade, Ukraine events offer support
t Nevada Gas Prices Near National Average
e 'URL Badman' Video Kicks Lily Allen to No. 1 on Trending 140
e Lea Michele Remembers Cory Monteith on His 32nd Birthday
m MERS Watch: Saudis Missed Cases, Deaths
b HP to cut up to 16000 more jobs 0
e US singer Bobby Womack dies aged 70
t 7 million units of PlayStation 4 sold worldwide since launch in 2013: Sony
e Comcast boosts digital store with Sony deal
e The Kardashian rebel: Family upset with Kylie Jenner
m E-cigarettes 'should not be regulated'
e Marvel Offers First Look at 'Avengers: Age of Ultron' and 'Ant-Man'
t Vertu Signature Touch luxury Android 4.4 KitKat smartphone to arrive later this  ...
t Apple Introduces 21.5-inch iMac Starting At $1099
e The Voice: Second Battle Round Match-Ups Revealed
t Apple seeks greater emoji racial diversity
t Introducing The HTC One (M8)
b Miliband: Cameron is a cheerleader for Pfizer takeover of AstraZeneca
b Twitter: Dead or Alive?
t FCC to propose pay-for-priority Internet access rules that protect competition  ...
t Forever-ever? Snapchat Settles FTC Complaint That Photos Don't Actually  ...
e Fans welcome news of McCartney's recovery prospects
t Apple roundup: China Mobile, subsidies, FQ2/FQ3 expectations
t Facebook to Buy Oculus Virtual Reality Company for $2 Billion USD
e New Heaven film disputed by critics
e Which Fairytale Queen Just Entered 'Once Upon A Time's Storybrooke?
e Beloved 'Brady Bunch' star dies in SA
e 'Sharknado' Sequel Sets Ratings Record For Syfy Original Movie With 3.9 Million  ...
e Wiz Khalifa Tweets "cell-fie" Inside El Paso Police Jail
t Google Glass To Go On Sale For One Day Only | News
t Starwood Hotels welcome Google Glass with SPG Glassware
b GBP LIVE: UK Exchange Rates See Pressure Ease, Bargain Hunters are About
t Researchers Warn The Camera On Google Glass Could Be Used To Hack  ...
b FOREX-Euro on defensive after dovish ECB talk, kiwi flies
t New vulnerability found in Internet Explorer, Microsoft confirms
e After Tweeting Terror Threat To American Airlines, Teen Arrested
e North Korea: James Franco and Seth Rogen's New Movie an "Act of War"
t Alert Halts Launch Of Orbital Science's Carbon Observatory
t NSA exploited Heartbleed for two years claim insiders [Updated]
e Andrew Garfield Gets Kidnapped For Dissing Beyonce On 'SNL': Watch
m Ebola Outbreak Prompts Peace Corps To Remove Volunteers From Some  ...
t Apple and Comcast in talks about streaming TV service: report
t The Future Of The Xbox One Is Riding On This Insane, Next-Generation Shoot  ...
e Two Canadians up for Tony Award
e Robin Thicke unveils latest Paula video 'Still Madly Crazy' - watch
b FBR Sees More M&A Activity For Oracle
t The Galaxy S5, Gear 2, and Gear Fit.
e Knight at the Movies: Tammy; All Night Long; Gore Vidal
e Kate Middleton, Prince William, & Prince Harry Make Our Favorite Royal Trio!
e 9 Things To Know About The Veronica Mars Movie After You've Seen It
t Russian craft docks with space station after delay - KSWO, Lawton, OK- Wichita  ...
t Noriega sues Activision over likeness in 'Call of Duty'
b Whole Foods plans Richmond store near Fan
b Another GM recall: 1.5 million SUVs for air bag issue
t From the Future: Google's Driverless Car
e Coen brothers' film becomes the basis for an FX series
e EMS treat dozens at Avicii concert at TD Garden
b Wall Street firms as investors buy Internet shares
t Iranian Prosecutor Denies Report That Mark Zuckerberg Was Ordered To  ...
e Get on Up Is an Inspired James Brown Biopic
b Major Bank Shake-up At Bank of England
b Allergan eyes Shire as drug deals gear up
e Video: Nirvana reunion at Rock Hall of Fame sees Lorde, Joan Jett and St  ...
m SC Awarded $1M in Mental Health Funding
e With God, the joy of Easter can be ours every day
m Salmonella and Bearded Dragon-What's the Link?
e 'Sons of Guns' Cancelled: Star Will Hayden Re-Arrested, Accused of Repeatedly  ...
m Cancer-care costs a big topic at oncologists' conference
t What is the Anti-Glass movement all about?
t General Motors recalls 2.4 million more vehicles
e Zac Efron Emerges After Skid Row Fight Incident
b EUR/JPY Below 138 Amid Iraq Concern
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 and 8.4 announced – Price, Features, and  ...
m Melanoma among cancers still on the rise: report
b European stocks surge higher
b U.S. Stocks Edge Lower
b US regulator urges law to force disclosures by data brokers
b Oracle Corporation (ORCL): Cloud Revenue Key For 2014
b Burger King to move to Canada for better tax rate?
e Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie to work on new film together for first time in 10 years
e Jena Irene Asciutto
b BNP Paribas may raise cash after record US fine
b US top court mostly upholds Obama bid to curb carbon emissions
t Microsoft Will Scream Under Satya Nadella (MSFT)
e FILM REVIEW: 22 Jump Street
e Moises Arias 2014: Instagram, Tumblr Photo of Willow Smith Draws Ire
t Tesla adds titanium shield to Model S to prevent battery...
b Reynolds American, Inc. (NYSE:RAI) Three Way Deal
t Microsoft Appoints Phil Spencer As New Xbox Chief
e Good Friday Around The World In Photos: How Christians Commemorate The  ...
t Neutrality comments overwhelm FCC site
e In memory of Jimmy Scott (1925-2014): one of the finest singers of all time
e 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' takes Fourth of July box office
t Video: Watch scientists' best computer model yet of universe
e Chris Martin and Gwyneth Paltrow: a timeline
e Christie says he can beat Clinton
t Ted Leonsis worries Facebook's $2B Oculus buyout will harm crowdfunding
t Amazon refuses FTC settlement over in-app purchases
m E-cigarette TV ads reaching more kids, teens, study finds
t Did China ban Windows 8 from government PCs over XP's end of support?
e Robin Thicke Opens Up About Paula Patton In New Interview
t PSN back online as planned maintenance is postponed
t Tesla Just Announced Its 'Gigafactory' But Questions About Reliability Are In The  ...
e Edgar Wright Departs Marvel Studios' 'Ant-Man' Movie
t Apple's Arizona Sapphire Plant May See Expansion to Bolster Yields
m Year later, salmonella outbreak tied to chicken continues
t Heart Bleed bug test: Netcraft browser plug-in identifies and checks sites  ...
e An 'extremely worried' Liam Hemsworth reaches out to Miley Cyrus: report
e Mrs Doubtfire 2: Robin Williams set to star in sequel to 1993 comedy
t Abbott urged to ensure Japan abides by whaling decision
b RPT-UPDATE 2-Intuit to buy Check Inc for $360 mln
b News Analysis for the Investor on June 3. 2014
m FDA Approves Wearable Tech Device To Prevent Migraines (VIDEO)
e Johnny Depp Interview, Transcendence
m 5000 Customers Potentially Exposed to Hepatitis A at Missouri Red Robin
e Watch: Reese Witherspoon, Zooey Deschanel and Kate Upton try to say Cara  ...
e Miley Cyrus apologizes for concert cancellation
e It's official: Amazon Prime Music is here, missing new tracks and music from  ...
b 3 journalists for Hezbollah TV killed in Syria
e 'Neighbors' makes a racket and shocks 'Spider-Man 2'
b REUTERS SUMMIT-Japan's pro-nuclear policy at odds with global trend -ISEP  ...
m Allergy Season Set to Peak the Next Couple Weeks
e Angelina Jolie on her 'Shadow' Vivienne, Why Shiloh Laughed at her Face, and  ...
e 'Brady Bunch' Star Ann B. Davis Dies At 88
e MJ's sister Le Toya pays emotional tribute to bro on 5th death anniversary
e Diane Sawyer to step down from 'World News'
b How the Dow Jones industrial average and other major indexes fared on  ...
t Transfer Your Contacts, Messages, Apps and Other Data to the Samsung Galaxy  ...
e Dancing On Ice
t Microsoft, Nokia March to Altar
e Pamplona opens running of the bulls festival
b VA Mortgage Rates & VA Loan Guidelines and Requirements
b Credit Suisse in Talks to Pay $1B Over Tax Probe: Report
e Jessica Simpson marries retired NFL player Eric Johnson
m Ghana's borders won't be closed over Ebola – Minister
t Americans More Excited for Self-Driving Cars than for Google Glass, Not  ...
t 'Cosmos' TV show sparks religious contention
e Review: Michael Jackson's 'Xscape' is an album that should not have come out
b Apple to buy Beats by Dre for $3.2M, reports say
m Ebola confirmed in Liberia as Guinea death toll rises to 78
e Review Roundup: Channing Tatum and Jonah Hill Return in 22 JUMP STREET!
t Apple launches new entry-level iMac for $1099
t SUVs and Crossovers Overtake Sedans to Become Most Popular Vehicle Body  ...
t Keep Teens Safe In Their First Cars
e Jenny McCarthy and Donnie Wahlberg are engaged, model announces on The  ...
m O.C. Measles Cases Jump to 21, Health Officials Call for All to Be Inoculated
b China's Alibaba Expected to Make Bigger US IPO Debut Than Facebook
t Apple and IBM forge partnership deal around enterprise mobility
t Google Looking to Bring Former Nike Fuelband Employees Over to Nest?
b Feds want airlines to disclose all fees
e Meet the space cadet who paid 1m dollars to go to moon with Leonardo DiCaprio
b Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl's Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Cantor Fitzgerald (VRX)
t Graco agrees to recall infant car seats after demands from U.S. safety regulators
e Hilary Duff Writes Song About Mike Comrie, Opens Up About Recording With Ed  ...
t Titanfall Day One Update May Weigh 840MB
t Warning: What to do about the “Heartbleed” bug
t Uber Beta program now available, lets you test drive their all new app before  ...
e You are here: Home News French News Kim, Kanye kick off pre-wedding  ...
b US productivity fell 1.7% in Q1
b Barclays takes axe to investment unit
m Florida E-Cigarette Bill: Include Home Rule
b 5 utility companies that are now takeover targets
b China Wants Banks To Remove High-End IBM Servers Amid Spy Dispute
b Poll: Uninsured Rate Drops To 15.6 Percent
t NYT: Obama Allows NSA To Use Certain Internet Exploits For Intelligence  ...
b UPDATE 2-Obama-era trade law survives Chinese appeal at WTO
e Game & TI Confront LAPD & Nightclub Security Guards
m Merck: Hepatitis C Drug Shows 98% Cure Rate in Trial
b Ex-Anglo Irish Bank directors found guilty
b Ron Paul has got it wrong
b Paul Singer: Yellen Is Real Power In US As Inequality Perpetuated
e 'Big Bang Theory' contract talks stall production
b The Red Lobster Chain is Worth $2 Billion
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 rumors alert
e Kanye-Kim to wed in Florence, not Paris
b Gander Mountain opens remodeled Henrietta store
e Movie review: Snarky Muppets sequel not as lovable
e Kaley Cuoco Married Life Reflects on Superman Henry Cavill Split: Ryan  ...
b Lachlan and James Murdoch on the rise. Overseas fuels box office.
m Law enforcement plans Rx collection
e Production Starts On 'Star Wars: Episode 7,' 'Fish Tank' Star Katie Jarvis  ...
e Lady Gaga Bleaches Eyebrows, Loves Attention
b Even Adjusting For Anomalies, China's Exports Slowed
b SA's long-term foreign currency rating downgraded to BBB- - Standard and Poor's
t Google's next ad spot: Your refrigerator
t Facebook Restored After Short Global Outage - Quick Facts
m Mastectomy not always best to treat breast cancer early, researchers say
m E-cigarettes 'should not be marketed as smoking cessation aids'
e Freddie Prinze Jr. BASHES Kiefer Sutherland: Most Unprofessional Dude in the  ...
e Bryan Cranston Helps Teen Land Date to Prom
m More illnesses linked to Foster Farms
b Malaysian passenger airliner shot down with 295 on board
e Lea Michele dated Matthew Morrison
t Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Opens Patents to Competitors
t eBay hacked: 230 million told to change passwords after major cyber attack
t Any.Do goes anywhere with new web app
t Verizon Samsung Galaxy S5 can already be yours essentially for free
e 'Dancing with the Stars': Serious injuries mount - even during the show
e Scotty McCreery: RPD is on the case
b Shire's actual 2020 sales could be 'way north' of $10 billion
t Carriers Begin Pricing Samsung Galaxy S5
t US stocks close below records; FMC falls
b Can Delta (DAL) Keep the Earnings Streak Alive? - Analyst Blog
t Samsung launches four new budget phones
b Botox-maker Allergan rejects bid by Quebec-based Valeant Pharmaceuticals
t Google Glass: How to buy one, today only, without an invitation
b Application for U.S. jobless aid up modestly
b US lawmakers call Chinese actions in South China Sea 'troubling'
t Google+ chief Vic Gundotra departs after 8 years
t NASA Unveils Its Next Mars Rover
b Obamacare Enrollment: Lessons From Year One
m Saudi Arabia MERS death toll exceeds 180
b Target looking to deliver products
b US private sector adds 281000 jobs in June: ADP
m Vietnam health ministry warns of MERS-CoV spread
b Yuan steady, seen rangebound in near term
b Seattle moves closer to lifting cap on rideshares
b Ted Rall: The New Government in Ukraine Has Many Neo-fascist Supporters
e Lindsay's lovers: Orlando Bloom and Kelly Brook's ex Danny Cipriani are added  ...
b TSLA: Tesla to Get OK for Direct Sales in Arizona
e Justin Bieber's Alleged Drug Use Focus Of Paparazzo Assault Lawsuit Lawyer
e Ruby Dee dead at 91: Oscar-nominated actress had a long and respected career
b Portugal scares dissipate; cheerier news pushes stocks back up
b Russia's Gazprom Sues Ukraine's Naftogaz over Gas Debt
e Rob Kardashian loves one family member (at least) as he posts three pictures of  ...
e LISTEN Hilary Duff 'Chasing The Sun' Leaks- First Song Off The Singer's New  ...
e Entertainer Rolf Harris sentenced to 5 years, 9 months in prison for sex abuses  ...
t Burglar stole TV from house in Sheffield
t Apple teaming up with Nike for smartband?
t Study: Fossil found in South Carolina is soaring bird with huge wingspan
b Yellen to grads: Grit separates fit from git
e Jersey Shore's Mike Sorrentino Arrested At Tanning Salon
t Will 60fps YouTube videos force game developers to prioritize frame rate?
t Why we argue climate change: 'Settled science' isn't necessarily so
e WHAT'S HAPPENING IN HIP-POP: Dave Chappelle Reveals Story Of First  ...
t Scientists propose collider that could turn light into matter
t With Windows Phone 8.1 update, Cortana is going international
b Nokia appoints Rajeev Suri as president and CEO
b Dollar rises in Asia ahead of Fed meeting
m West Africa: Ebola Epidemic Said to Be 'Out of Control'
e LIVE UPDATES: 'Dancing with the Stars' Season 18 Premiere
m Man survives after chainsaw gets lodged into his neck
e U.S. Airways worker who tweeted lewd photo won't lose job
t TECH STOCKS: Oracle Back To Buying With $5.3 Billion Micros Deal
t Microsoft trumpets IE 11 for Win Phone 8.1, but reviews are mixed
t Middle finger icon, Indian 'Om' symbol: Over 250 new emojis have been  ...
t With Novartis Deal, Google Shows Its “Science Project” Has Legs
t Twitter quietly tests 'share' replacement for 'retweet'
b BREAKING: Kroger to acquire online retailer Vitacost
b Gold Drops On Stronger February Jobs Report
e Kim K Wannabe Shells out $30K to look like Reality Star
b Priceline to buy restaurant reservation company OpenTable for $2.6bn
m Overweight Children? Not According to Parents, Study Shows
b Study Shows Ethanol Produces Worse 'Global Warming' Pollution Than Gasoline
b The New Normal of Healthcare Spending
b Wall Street slips as banks, techs drag; S&P flat for 2014
t Smart Watches to Get Android Wear Soon
t Celestial double feature to star lunar eclipse and Mars
t Apple releases "Powerful" new iPhone 5s ad
t 'Largest flying bird with 21-foot wingspan' Pelagornis sandersi's fossil discovered
t Apple's 4.7-inch iPhone 6 to sport a flexible sapphire front panel
t Tesla will share patents with public, CEO says
t Apple keen on Renesas LCD stake: report
e Kristen Bell gets barraged by outrageous movie pitches from 2DayFM's Sophie  ...
b Tesla's Dealer Fight Widens as Missouri Weighs Direct Sales Ban
t Internet Explorer web browser vulnerable to hackers - KCTV5
b Reynolds Q2 Earnings Beats on Estimates; Tightens FY14 View
b 5 unintended consequences of Draghi's Big Bazooka
b Pilgrim's Pride raises bid for Hillshire Brands
b BC's Minister of Natural Gas Development not worried about competition in  ...
m Girl gets suspended from school for shaving head in support of friend with cancer
e Holy Week begins with Palm Sunday
t New consoles help spark game sales
t You Tube to Buy Videogame Streaming Company Twitch for $1Billion
b Taxis, Uber And The Stakes For Right Of Way
t Carbon dioxide turns ocean water more acidic, research finds
e Movie Review: "Godzilla"
b Pfizer goes all in to buy AstraZeneca
t Apple's WWDC 2014 to Focus on OS X 10.10 as Apple Pulls Resources from  ...
m Experimental Breast Cancer Drug Seems Safe, Effective for Advanced Disease
b Lululemon Surging On Earnings Beat And Belief An Emotional Connection Will  ...
b Zillow agrees to buy Trulia for $3.5 bln; both shares gain
t Woz not impressed by 'worthless' Samsung Galaxy Gear, high hopes for iWatch
m The dying child vs. the biotech: Everybody loses
m WHO: Ebola Kills Five in Sierra Leone
m Walgreens, diabetic employee reach $180K deal
e 'American Idol' upset: Jena Irene knocks Caleb Johnson out of first place
t Want the New Samsung Galaxy S(R) 5 but Stuck in a Contract? Only T-Mobile  ...
t U of A solves deep-Earth water mystery
e Paul Walker Fast & Furious 7 scenes may use body double, CGI
m Is MERS The Next SARS?
b Target fires president of troubled Canadian operations
e Surprise! Las Vegas odds favor trained dancers to win 'Dancing with the Stars'
m Woman in coma gives birth to healthy baby
e Paul Mazursky's table at Farmers Market (video)
e 'The Bachelorette' Roundup: Andi Dorfman Slams Pregnancy Report, Rumored  ...
t Can Being Facebook Friends Cancel Your Right to Sue?
e 'Transformers' tops 'Tammy' on weak July 4 weekend
e On last night's season finale of The Bachelorette, Andi Dorfman broke Nick  ...
e Shia LaBeouf leaves court looking disheveled
b UPDATE 3-Hedge fund Jana Partners to seek PetSmart sale, shares up
e Dave Chappelle and Nas to Perform Together at Radio City Music Hall
e Beyonce puts divorce rumours to rest at MTV Video Music Awards
m Rising Numbers Of Ebola Infections In West Africa Continue To Pose Questions  ...
e 'Dancing': Meryl Davis & Maksim Chmerkovskiy Talk Win, His Future On Show
e 'The Big Bang Theory' Season 8 Production Update: Jim Parsons, Johnny  ...
m New Guidance Will Up Statin Use by 13 Million
e L'Wren Scott remembered by fashion world
e Khloe Kardashian Goes On Shopping Spree Before Sister Kim's Wedding
t IDA advises on Internet Explorer bug
e Brittany Murphy's last film 'Something Wicked' gets release date
b Fed Rejects Plans by RBS, HSBC, Banco Santander on 'Qualitative Concerns'
e 'Bring Out The Gimp': The Man Behind The Mask In 'Pulp Fiction'
b Scientific Games To Buy Bally Technologies In $5.1 Bln Worth Deal - Quick Facts
t What Does 667287 Subscribers Mean For WWE Network?
m Second Case of MERS in the United States Confirmed
e Comic books fans say goodbye to Archie Andrews
t Facebook Will Soon Require Messenger App For Mobile Chat
b 10 Things to Know for Today
b Bayer Buys Part of Merck
b Apple-Beats deal confirmed
e MTV Movie Awards: Conan O'Brien plans to show some skin, ruin 'Game of  ...
t Internet.org app brings free Facebook, Google and Wikipedia to Zambia
t Zynga Goes Back To Basics With FarmVille 2: Country Escape
t Apple and Samsung to renew patent battle
t 4 ways the AT&T/DirecTV megadeal could affect enterprise IT
t Box acquires Streem to add streaming technology to its cloud storage prowess
t Google's Self-driving Cars Now Cruise Through the Neighborhood
t Ford 50th Anniversary Mustang Debuts in New York
e Meryl Davis Finally Opens Up About Maks Relationship Rumors: 'We're Not Dating'
e Source: Selena Gomez is different around Justin Bieber
t Federal Climate Report Warns Of 'Multibillion-Dollar Price For Man-Made  ...
t Not yet time for Android Wear smart watches
t The meteor shower set to light up the sky above America TONIGHT  ...
e Disney & Pixar Plan More Sequels with 'The Incredibles 2' and 'Cars 3'
e Ivan Reitman Will Not Direct GHOSTBUSTERS 3
m Video: Topless woman in a thong ransacks Florida McDonald's, then eats ice  ...
b Business Highlights
b PF Chang's Confirms Credit Card Breach, Switches to Carbon Copies
m ZIOPHARM Oncology to Present at the 9th Annual JMP Securities Healthcare  ...
m Drop olive oil on salad to lower blood pressure
e Bars where the bites are as good as the brews
b The 10 Most Important Things In The World Right Now
t APPLE PREPARES ITS LARGEST PURCHASE IN 38-YEAR HISTORY
e “Bachelorette” Contestant Eric Hill Dies in Paragliding Accident
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S tablet range could launch with fingerprint sensor  ...
b The New Reality
t Pics of Rumoured Samsung Galaxy F Show Premium Design and Quad HD  ...
e Read Whoopi Goldberg's Denver Post Column Praising Marijuana
t ZTE Open C Firefox OS Smartphone Launches For $100
b Virgin America adds Dallas flights
m Scientists discover longevity gene that makes people smarter!
e 5 things that will probably happen when Lily Allen joins Miley Cyrus' tour
e Singers Lana Del Rey, Sam Smith score top debuts on Billboard 200
m Lead doctor in Sierra Leone dies after infection with Ebola
b Obama Backers Warn March 31 Health Deadline Is Real
b Mortgage Interest Rates are Holding Firm at TD Bank on March 21, 2014
b AbbVie, Shire Give Bullish Guidance Amid Buyout Talk
e 'Fifty Shades of Grey' Trailer Launches, Sexpert Warns Film Will 'Normalize  ...
m The best country to be a mother - revealed
b Snoop issue figures in dialogue with United States
m Young blood rejuvenates brains and muscles of old mice
m US woman in coma for over 2 months gives birth
e Woman spends more than $30k to look like Kim Kardashian
m The Third Time Is Not Always A Charm… Diem Brown diagnosed with cancer  ...
b US unemployment rate rises, economic confidence drops
t E3 2014: Destiny gameplay trailer sells you on the experience
b Discounts Drive Auto Sales to Best July in a Decade
t Microsoft's new Surface Pro 3 makes the case for a bigger iPad
e REGION: Washtenaw County celebrates St. Patrick's Day with myriad events  ...
e Watch Hilary Duff back in sexy bikini in her newest music video
m Colorectal cancer awareness
e McCarthy lets it all hang out in new comedy
b Jobless rate plunges in Decatur area
e Weird Al, how we've missed you...
b Iraq jitters hit European shares, German bond yields slip
t Mercedes-Benz June sales up 8%
b New Data Shows Economic Growth in 2013 Was About Half of What White  ...
t Amazon-Hachette standoff starts affecting authors
e 'The Grand Budapest Hotel' inspired by storied resorts of yesteryear
b Microsoft edges higher as Q3 earnings beat Wall Street estimates
t Verizon plans nationwide VoLTE launch this year with 'robust' smartphone  ...
t Researchers asked 1400 experts to describe the biggest threats to the Web  ...
t Cable merger may have Owensboro impact
t Heartbeat bug aftermath: How to create a strong password
b Unemployment among black Americans twice that among whites
b Wall Street shakeup: GoPro shares jump nearly 30 per cent in debut
m Pinellas reports second case of chikungunya virus
b The Fed Takes Citigroup Down, Lifts Bank of America
e Cara Delevingne Gets An Odd Compliment From Designer Karl Lagerfeld
t HTC promises Android L for One (M7), (M8) smartphones
e Opening Credits: Muppets, a straw man and Ms. Shailene Woodley
e Paltrow thanks fans for support
b How This Zebra Changed Its Stripes - Boldly Acquiring Motorola's Business
b Is this what they mean by 'Americans for Prosperity'?
e Harris tells trial affair with girl was consensual
e Shailene Woodley Hosts 'Divergent' Screening for Her Nonprofit Organization
b Asian Stocks Mixed After Yellen's Speech
e Knight at the Movies: The Normal Heart; film note
b ADP Says Companies in US Add Most Workers in Five Months (1)
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Reviews Are Mostly Positive
e Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin back together on paradise island just three  ...
t Windows Phone 8.1 GDR1: New Leaked Features Roundup
e McCartney Hospitalized, Cancels Concerts
b How to get some mortgage money back
t Orbiting Carbon Observatory-2 to launch on July 1 - hopefully
e Mick Jagger joined by daughter Georgia May and ex-wife Jerry Hall for Father's  ...
b Why Pinnacle Foods (PF) Stock Is PlummetingToday
b Stocks have worse week in two years
e Michael Jackson, We Barely Knew You
t 2015 Ford Mustang will perch atop Empire State Building
b Bitcoin Is Property, Not Currency, in Tax System: IRS
m Why can't we fix health care? Blame self-interest.
e HBO renews comedies Veep and Silicon Valley
b Hillary Clinton's Benghazi testimony featured in ad attacking GOP candidate
e Religion news: April 17, 2014
e Twitterati remember Garcia Marquez's literary genius
t Which of these iPhone 6 designs will Apple unveil September 9?
b AT&T Joins OTT Video Parade
m Computers will recognize 21 facial expressions now
e Ruby Dee's Most Memorable Movie Roles (VIDEO)
e Zendaya to Play R&B Idol Aaliyah in TV Biopic
e Home WhatsOn ArtsEntertainment Moms' Night Out finds faith-based laughs  ...
e Justin Bieber hearing set for May in Canada
b UPDATE 1-India car sales set to rise after 2 years of decline -industry body
b WWE Smackdown report: Roman Reigns defies The Authority to enter Money in  ...
b 'Shopping' for habits on Internet down to a T
e Katie Couric marries New York financier Saturday
b Mail Your Taxes Early
b US labor market getting better
e Lady Gaga and Tony Bennett announce their album release, debut a duet
e The Best of 'Sad Kanye West' and Other Funny Things
t HTC One M8 Google Edition Release Date Set for Next Month
t 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know This Morning
e Zac Efron has no-idea whether or not he's on the market
t iPhone 6 design leaked, looks unchanged
b Allergan, Valeant agree on side issue, but lawmakers want deal scrutiny
m Cialis to Be Sold Over the Counter?
e Celebs pay tribute to Poet & Activist Maya Angelou 12:43PM
b Hachette escalates Amazon dispute
e Jill Abramson, former Executive Editor of the New York Times, waves after giving  ...
t If You Sign Up Now, You Can Test Apple's New Mac Operating System Before  ...
b Will Mortgage Rates Thaw This Spring?
b Smith & Nephew hit as US bid hopes knocked
m Adults bullied as kids still affected socially, economically years later
e Justin Bieber: Cheating on Selena Gomez with Kylie Jenner?!?
b General Motors seeks protection from bankruptcy judge
t Why Selling The Oculus Rift Was A Bad Idea
b Ready, set, GoPro: Camera maker to hit Wall Street
t Toyota's $1.2 Billion Settlement May Be Model For US Probe Into GM
e Lee's Review: "X-Men: Days of Future Past"
t Watch: ISS Astronauts Play Weightless Soccer
e Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick Are Expecting Their Third Child
t Wolverton: With smartphone theft on the rise, it's time to protect yourself
b Oracle shares slide on weaker-than-expected Q3 results
t Major cybercrime rings in Kuwait, Algeria disrupted
t LG to unveil circular smartwatch
e Angelina Jolie never thought she'd fall in love
b Icahn Drops PayPal Spinoff In EBay Proxy Battle Truce
e Perry: Mayer split to inspire songs
e J.K. Rowling Harry Potter Spin-Off To Be Trilogy
t Octocore Snapdragon 615 Entering Production, 808 and 810 to Follow by End of  ...
m Montgomery County Relay For Life celebrating birthdays, hope and courage
e Weird Al Parodies Pharrell's “Happy”
t Oculus stole years of ZeniMax R&D, firm claims
e Garth Brooks' 'Comeback Special' shows in Ireland canceled
t Quartz Daily Brief—Americas edition—EasyJet soars, MH370 families protest  ...
m Blood banks in each district in three years: Harsh Vardhan
t La Brea Bee Fossils Offer Clues about the Ice Age
b Ousted American Apparel Inc founder Dov Charney raises stake to 43% as battle  ...
t Apple PT Raised to $623.00 (AAPL)
e Jessica Simpson Finally Ties The Knot With Baby Daddy Eric Johnson!
m Republicans offer option to growing MaineCare
e Dude, Jeezy Had An Assault Rifle!
t Google site sparks speculation over Nexus 8 tablet testing
t OPINION: Climate change requires a sensible risk analysis
t Google Chromebook Software Support Extended By One Year
e Keighley's Chewbacca is back with original cast in new Star Wars film
b Yen Reaches 3-Month High Versus Dollar on Risk Aversion
b Barclays Gets Fined $44 Million For The Way It Was Setting Gold Prices
e 'Marvel's Agents of SHIELD' experiences some 'Winter Soldier' turbulance
t Fourteen-year-old kid tells US government how to save €290m - just by  ...
b Missing MH370: Plan To Track All Flights
b Dow Jones gains 58 points
b Amazon.com acquires New York digital comics distributor ComiXology
t Vince Cable says UK will have 'fleets' of driverless cars as he admits he doesn't  ...
b F-35 fighter a high-profile no-show at Farnborough
b Fitch retains India's stable outlook
b Vietnam riots a test for Taiwan trade protection agreements
m Ebola Death Toll Rises to 49 in Liberia
m Americans look past calories as approach to dieting evolves
b Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac's Over-Regulation Hurting Housing Market: Bove
e Christina Chong Lands Minor Role in 'Star Wars: Episode VII'
t Amazon.com To Acquire Twitch Interactive, Inc. - Quick Facts
e Kids + Drugs = The Coachella Experience
e McCarthy lets it all hang out as 'Tammy'
e Pink Floyd to release new album 'The Endless River' in October
b REPEAT: China's PMI For May At Five-Month High
e 2014 CFDA Fashion Awards Red Carpet
b 1 Reason Not to Jump Into Netflix Today
b Are you paying too much for your mortgage?
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West wedding photos reveal dress and more
b Hiring surges as national unemployment dips to 6.1 pct.
b Uber cuts New York City prices to compete with yellow cabs
e HR Giger, Influential 'Alien' Designer, Dies at Age 74
t ISS astronauts to get hot coffee
b French Market Marginally Higher
b Swiss regulator slaps BNP arm with sanctions after probe
b Russian FM's Visit 'Could Result in Three Options' on South Stream
t Rare deep sea fish washes ashore on North Carolina coast
b Updated: Lafarge and Holcim agree mega-merger
e American Idol 2014 Recap: Season 13 Top 2 Perform — May 20, 2014
t Microsoft's Chinese offices allegedly raided over antitrust allegations
e World pays tribute to Garcia Marquez
b Dollar, Treasuries yields gain after Fed statement
m Scientists grow viable vaginas from girls' own cells
e Anna Wintour defends Vogue cover with Kim Kardashian and Kanye West
t General Motors expands ignition switch recall to 2.6 million cars
b Confident about detected signals from black box: Australian PM
b NYSE Group CEO Niederauer Resigns -- Update
e For Jackson's estate, 3 big claims are unresolved
e 'Transcendence': review of new Johnny Depp film
b Oracle makes biggest buy since 2010
m Childhood Obesity Rates Holding Steady--At Best
b Other Views: Barra must rebuild confidence
e Kristen Bell Pregnant: Actress Expecting Second Child With Hubby Dax Shepard
t What to Know About the Massive Graco Car Seat Recall
m University of Louisville research helps paralyzed men move again
e The best and worst of Monday's 'Dancing with the Stars' premiere
t FTC, FCC File Complaint Against T-Mobile for Premium SMS Cramming, T  ...
b UPDATE 4-France tells GE and Siemens: Alstom proposals still not good enough
t Nexus 10 2 rumors: What is the future of Google's 10 inch tablet?
e 'Harry Potter' Revisited: JK Rowling Reveals His Fate in New Short Story
m More Than Two-Thirds of Americans Support Mandated Coverage of Birth  ...
m Poor Sleep May Have Same Impact On GPA As Binge Drinking, Marijuana
b Virgin America tops ranking of overall airline quality
t Google Glass is going to be sold to the public on April 15th
m Taking a close-to-home look at the Medicare billing data
t Bush Tiger Mantis Photos: Female Of The New Species Hunts On The Ground  ...
m Harvard researchers find genetic risk for obesity can be modified
t Apple Store down: Upgraded MacBook Pro Retinas on the way?
b Stocks Mixed; Nasdaq Drops Sharply
e Ice Cube's Son Reportedly Cast To Play Ice Cube In N.W.A. Movie [Update  ...
e Eight ways to host the ultimate Eurovision Song Contest party
t First of three supermoons this summer rises this evening
t Google Gets In On Ground Level With Drone Maker Titan Buy
t BlackBerry Ltd (BBRY) Launches BBM for Microsoft Corporation (MSFT)'s  ...
e She's in the Ether Now: On Moms and Mother's Day
e Avril Lavigne's 'Hello Kitty' Music Video May Not Be The Hit She Hoped
e Fans Remember Michael Jackson, his Children on King of Pop's 5th Death  ...
b Amsterdam new home to Netflix Europe HQ
b Three US states sue '5-Hour Energy' drink over false 'no crash' advertising
t Watch the new Apple commercial featuring The Pixies
t Oracle Wins Appeal in Android Java API Copyright Case Against Google
e Lana Del Rey's rough release week
e New X Men,Days Of Future Past Sequel Movie Is Happening,Release Date  ...
b US stocks fall on Plosser comments, retailer earnings; Dow dips 0.83%
b SAC's Xu Plans China Hedge Fund
t Are You Really Safe on the Internet? Part 2
e 'Godzilla' Sequel in the Works at Warner Bros., Legendary Pictures
e Justin Bieber Takes Selena Gomez Home to Canada (Photos)
e Major movie studios finally file a lawsuit against Megaupload and Kim Dotcom
m 'Match Day' festivities precede UA medical-residency assignments
b Toyota shuts India plants over pay dispute
e UPDATE 4-Amid boycott of Beverly Hills Hotel, city confronts Brunei over sharia  ...
m Don't wash raw chicken
b Fannie, Freddie Post Solid Earnings for First Quarter
m Study to test 'chocolate' pills
b Sterling hits five-year high of $1.70 after rate rise hint
e Toast Cinco de Mayo with these 5 great movies
e X-Men gang towers over N....
b First quarter results were 'slightly below our expectations,' TJX says
t Amazon Fire TV: not just for video
t Jury to Apple and Samsung: Go play with your toys, boys
t Meteor Shower In Russia Stuns People As Dashcam Videos Go Viral
t Android L Release (and everything else from Google I/O) explained
t Qualcomm Buys Wireless Chip Maker Wilocity To Provide Faster Connections
e Boseman captures essence of Brown in 'Get On Up'
t Twitter restores TweetDeck after major hack disables app
e Miley Cyrus Gives New Puppy Moonie to a New Home!
e Sofia Coppola to direct live-action 'Little Mermaid' movie
b Global Economy This Week: US Adds Jobs, China Cools
t Apple, Comcast In Talks To Team Up On Apple TV
b Switzerland to Vote for Setting Minimum Wage At $25/hr
m Protein offers clue on vulnerability to Alzheimer's
m Mass. Connector Enrollees Could Lose Plans
b Baby boomers turning back to reverse mortgages for income
m Crown Princess cruise ship with sick passengers arrives in San Diego
e Paul Walker's Loyal Brothers Cody and Caleb Step up and Take on Vital Roles  ...
m 'Body hack' app by UM researchers shortcuts jet-lag recovery
m Ebola outbreak: 25 more deaths confirmed in West Africa
e New X-Men Film Features Bryan Singer Traveling Back In Time To Molest  ...
b Three people detained in riots at Russian embassy in Kyiv walk free
b Gold eases on interest rate fears; palladium near 13-year high
e Damon Lindelof on 'Anxiety' Over TV Return, Pressures of Following 'Lost' (Q&A)
e Eli Wallach, an Actors Studio veteran and theater stalwart
m Scientists: Recalled Moldy Exploding Chobani Yogurts Could Make Consumers  ...
t Dual-screen Nexus gaming teased by Google Maps Pokemon
e Man v. Food Host Adam Richman in Media Broil
t Amazon unveils wearable tech online store
e 'Game of Thrones' season 4, episode 3 preview: Moving past Jack Gleeson  ...
e Olivia Palermo marries partner Johannes Huebl
b Pilgrim's bid for Hillshire puts Pinnacle deal in peril
b Consolidation Called For Hong Kong Stocks
e Colossal opening for `X-Men: Days of Future Past'
t Obama Plays Soccer With Robot, Probably Asks It To Spare The Human Race
m Scientists Clone Insulin-Producing Cells
e GALLERY: Pharrell, Minaj lead BET award winners
t Paleontologists Discover New Tiny Ancestor Of The Pterodactyl
e 'Noah' Cruises With $44 Million While 'Sabotage' Bombs
e Morning Roundup: Jonah Hill Apologizes for Slur, Brad Paisley Piques Protesters
e Sean Hayes to join Will Arnett's The Millers as series regular
e Atelier Versace
t Hundreds of copies of the "Worst Video Game Ever" found in landfill
b Affordable Care Act: when the individual mandate does not apply
e Every Death In Game of Thrones So Far [SPOILERS]
e Robert Pattinson and Kristen Stewart are still in Contact
t Win! A Nokia Lumia 635 mobile phone
b Medtronic Is Biggest Firm Yet to Renounce U.S. Tax Status
t Windows RT's failure equals Surface Mini no-show
e KISS rockers Peter Gabriel, Cat Stevens inducted by Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
m Marijuana dispensary rulings a mixed bag
e Dancing With The Stars: Brothers Val & Maks Chmerkovskiy Pose Nude With  ...
e Justin Bieber responds to Drake Bell's Twitter insults by crashing his album  ...
e Listen to Hilary Duff's New Song “Chasing the Sun” — Luca Loves It!
e Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Trailer Released Online As Part Of Viral Campaign
b FOREX-Dollar struggles to find support, China inflation data next event risk
t Mars, Earth, sun to line up Tuesday night
e Conan O'Brien says Stephen Colbert is the 'right person' to host the 'Late Show'
b USD/JPY Above 101.80 after BOJ
b US STOCKS-S&P 500 tops 2000; analysts see more gains ahead
m 21 cases of salmonella in Chia seed powder result in product recall
b Nook Tablets Separates from Barnes & Noble (NYSE: BKS) To form its Own  ...
t Solve Today's Greatest Scientific Challenge, Win £10 Million
t Bloody Moon and Planet Align: Photos from Readers
t The Heartbleed Bug Effects More Than Just Software…
b Malaysia: Kazakhstan joins search for missing jet
m Google's New Project is Contribution to Science
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Review in 10 Memes
e Eli Wallach Western and Cult Movie Star Dies at 98
t iPhone 6 price, specs, release date rumours - 4.7in and 5.5in screen sizes and a  ...
t Lenovo recalls nearly 40000 computer batteries for fire hazard
e Sarah Palin: I'd Go 'Rogue' as Panelist on 'The View'
t Samsung Galaxy S3 vs HTC One X - Top Specs and Price Comparison
e Wiltshire victim of jailed Rolf Harris speaks out
t NSA's TURBINE robot pumps 'malware into MILLIONS of PCs'
b Chances of an IRS audit lowest in years
t Mars Rover Prototype Unveiled
t Apple Expanding Into Health, Home With New Software
b Ridesharing firm Uber faces setback in New Mexico
b Whole Foods to launch first national marketing campaign as sales growth slows
e Entire Minn. wedding party takes the plunge
t Google Glass may get more stylish with help from Oakley and Ray-Ban
b Merck to sell consumer care business to Bayer for USD 14.2 bn
b 2 top General Motors executives depart amid crisis
m Va. Diocese Discourages Doing Ice Bucket Challenge
e Starbucks to expand beer, wine sales throughout US
t Rocket with three-man crew lifts off for space station (Update)
b Wall Street drifts lower midday after S&P 500's six-day bull run
t A full, yellow 'honey moon' will rise tonight: A must-see
b 'Candy Crush' Maker Posts Record Quarterly Revenue
b Current Mortgage Interest Rates: Fixed, VA and FHA Mortgage Rates at US Bank  ...
t Massive (and GORGEOUS) Stellar Destruction Marks Hubble's 24th Anniversary  ...
e The 2014 Gay Pride Parade
b Iran's fake aircraft carrier: US officials say Iran Navy might blow it up for  ...
t BlackBerry to Patch BBM for iOS and Android in Effort to Protect Against  ...
e It's 'All Good' Between Solange Knowles & Jay-Z Following Elevator Fight
e Easter 2014: Watch and Share Billy Graham's Message 'The Cross' (Video)
b Several states join the Justice Department in probe of Comcast and Time Warner  ...
t NASA : Mars Rover Sets a Driving Record
t Circuit of The Americas to host MotoGP races this weekend
b American Airlines No Longer Listing on Orbitz
t SpaceX launches Dragon capsule to ISS
m Companies fight to stop electronic cigarettes from using brand name flavors that  ...
b Stocks fall on jitters over earnings, tech sector
t A Smartphone From Amazon: Ingredients For Success
e Kate Middleton is pretty in pink, greets kids during charity visit
m FDA considers changes for nutrition labels
e Cops called to Justin Bieber's home twice during party with Johnny Manziel  ...
e St. Patrick's Day: What brought the Irish to Syracuse in the first place?
e Watch Kat Perkins Sing on The Voice 2014 Live Shows, May 5, 2014 (VIDEO)
t Microsoft warns of targeted attacks through Internet Explorer
b Jacob Lew urges action to block tax inversions
b Fake IRS agents calling taxpayers, demanding money in largest phone scam  ...
t Watch the Daily Show Mock Google Glass Users
t Scientists create a wire just three atoms wide
e New York Times publisher outlines reasons for Abramson ouster
m Flu Vaccine Spray Better Than Shots for Young Children
e We Were Gwyneth's GOOP Guinea Pigs
e 'Game of Thrones' Review: "Mockingbird"
b Fed Seen Hiking US Rates in 2nd Half of 2015 as Jobless Rate Falls, Reuters  ...
b Mt. Gox Finds 200000 Forgotten Bitcoins in Old Wallet
e JK Rowling Explores Harry Potter Grown Up in New Short Story
e Pretty Little Liars Season 5 Spoilers: Paily For the Holidays? (PHOTO)
e 14 Time Loop Films To Get You Ready For 'Edge Of Tomorrow'
e Jessica Simpson's Wedding Dress Details
t Facebook under investigation for News Feed Experiment
e 'The Bachelorette' recap: Week Six
b US production and photo companies request permission to fly drones
t Samsung Galaxy S5 vs Galaxy S4 vs Galaxy S3: Specs & Features Comparison
m Google Glass to Go on Sale for 24 Hours, Sebelius Resigns, More Restaurants  ...
b Dollar General CEO Is Planning To Retire
e Avengers: Age Of Utron's Scarlet Witch And Quicksilver Previewed
t Australia: MH370 may have turned south earlier than previously thought
m New data: Colorado hospital charges rise
e Shia LaBeouf is receiving treatment for alcohol addiction, his rep has confirmed.
e Kanye West says it took 4 days to produce perfect wedding photo
t Mon., 9:15am: GM, safety agency face Congress over recalls
t Microsoft Gives Slowpokes an Extra Month to Install Windows 8.1 Update
t Google's Street View Snooping Problems Aren't Going Away
t NASA robotic spacecraft ends mission with crash into the moon
b Mt. Gox Lets Users Log In To Check Their Balances
e 'Human Barbie' Valeria Lukyanova's new video is the worst thing of the day
b 'Global eco momentum could be less robust'
b First ticketed flight, a $10 trip, is marked
t Samsung unveils Galaxy Tab S8.4 and Galaxy S10.5 in India for Rs 37800 and  ...
b Shell profit falls 45 percent on refineries charge
e Dreams do come true: Kim Kardashian and Kanye West are on the cover of  ...
t BlackBerry Announces Acquisition of Secusmart
b Michael O'Leary's Ryanair upgrades to business class
e Johnny Depp Confirms Engagement to Amber Heard
t OKCupid to Firefox users: “Don't use Mozilla software”
b Twitter says TV strategy will spur growth
e RIP David Brockie aka Oderus Urungus (1963-2014)
m Statin to be given to 56 million Americans between 40 to 75 years of age
e Billboard Music Awards 2014: Nicki Minaj Almost Had A Wardrobe Malfunction
m Study debunks health claims surrounding red wine anti-oxidant
b Merrill Lynch Sex Discrimination Suit Tossed Out In NY
m Could fetus brain protein hold Alzheimers treatment key?
m Novartis To Seek Approval For Heart Failure Drug LCZ696 As Trial Ends Positively
t US to launch carbon tracker satellite
e Prince of Peace Lutheran Church Pastors focus on Holy Week before Easter
e 'The Bachelorette': Nick rouses suspicions, Marquel and Andrew have it out
t Android Wearable Tech Is About Simplifying Our Future
t Google Glass monopoly fears with designer option
e Watch This If You Liked:
e First look at Henry Cavill from 'Batman vs Superman'
e Billboard Music Awards 2014 live stream & TV time for ABC show, red carpet
b Alibaba's IPO signals a fresh appetite for Chinese tech firms
e Lorde To Curate, Contribute To The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1  ...
e Two brothers arrested for dragging dog behind truck by leash
t Ancestor of ancient flying reptiles found
e Gwyneth Paltrow sets off working moms
t Privacy Files: NSA Knew About Heartbleed
e Beyonce, Victoria Beckham front campaign to ban the word 'Bossy' for female  ...
t Facebook Expands Users' Ad Targeting Profiles With Website Data
b Fischer confirmed to be No. 2 at Fed
b Boudou's defence readies appeal against prosecution ruling
m Ebola death toll tops 1, 550
b US Airways, American Airlines dumping fares from Orbitz websites
e Belle Knox, Duke Porn Star, Talks 'The View': I Have A Friend In Whoopi Goldberg
t Wireless companies put up more stealth towers
t Africa: Climate Change Impacting Entire Planet, Raising Risk of Hunger, Floods  ...
e Pippa Middleton Speaks! British Beauty Talks “Family Wedding,” Unexpected  ...
m Cancer Stem Cells Responsible For Disease's Resistance To Drugs, Enhanced  ...
b Kathleen Sebelius Fights Claims White House Is 'Cooking The Books' On  ...
t Google visualizes itself and other companies “serving ads” to people in ever  ...
b Amgen to close Bothell, Seattle facilities
t New Pink Planet Found that Lurks at Solar System Fringes
e Prince Harry Reality TV Show: "I Wanna Marry Harry' Has A Secret
t Internet outraged by Facebooks creepy mood experiment - WFSB 3 Connecticut
e Hayden Panettiere Confirms She Is Having A Baby Girl At Emmys
b Tiffany Beats in Q2 as Sales Rise, Raises Earnings Forecast - Analyst Blog
e Marvel to introduce female Thor in new series
e 'Stairway To Heaven' plagiarism case submitted to court
e Michael Jackson hologram performs at Billboard Music Awards and it was as  ...
t BlackBerry announces BBM service for enterprises
t Titanic Disaster 102nd Anniversary 17855 Page Document Compilation Published
e First Kim, now Kanye makes over the Kardashian clan
e Freddie Prinze, Jr.: Working with Kiefer Sutherland Made Me Want to Quit Acting
e Allegiant, Third Book in Divergent Trilogy, Gets Two Films
m Annual Relay for Life Raises $30K for Cancer
m Lab-grown vaginas and nostrils work, doctors report
e The Notebook director Nick Cassavetes reveals Ryan Gosling and Rachel  ...
t It's More Complicated Than OK Cupid Is Good And Firefox Is Bad
e Rapper Khalifa arrested on pot charge in Texas
e Stranded airport passenger films a music video for 'All By Myself' on his iPhone
e X-Men Franchise Hits New Box Office High With 'Days Of Future Past'
b FOMC preview - RBS
e Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice first look: Henry Cavill as Man of Steel
b CORRECTED-Malaysia failing credibility test as flight confusion deepens
t Diamond wire may enable future spintronic devices
m Stocks Open Higher, Trade Firm; Intuitive Surgical Gaps Up
e Theater Review: The Realistic Joneses Are All Talk
b NZ dollar jumps to record highs on trade basis after Fed
t As Facebook phases out messaging from its main app, Facebook Messenger  ...
t Sony network hacked, exec's flight diverted (Update)
b Morgan Stanley profits double to $1.9bn
b Celebrex Patent Lawsuit Settled; Teva Pharmaceutical Will Release Generic
e Prince Destroys Lil Mo For Throwing Shade
b Mortgage Interest Rates Today: 30-Year Home Loans and Refinance Mortgage  ...
b 4.2 Mn people have signed up for Obamacare
e James Gunn Discusses Marvel's 'Guardians' Possibly Meeting the 'Avengers'
t Uneasy first steps with Google Glass
t Not everyone immersed in virtual reality at E3
e Maroons after a fast start
b ECB requires tougher call on bad loan definition
m The US healthcare system: worst in the developed world
e Radio Broadcasting Legend, 'American Top 40' Original Host Casey Kasem  ...
t HP to invest $1 bn in open source cloud technology
b Profit for Dubai airline Emirates surges to $1.1B - WNCN: News, Weather
e AO Scott Did Not Enjoy Adam Sandler's New Movie
b Fed chair: Economy still needs support
b Lufthansa cancels 3800 flights in advance of three-day pilot strike
b VIDEO: Crack in Fish Tank Sends Water, Fish Into Disney Restaurant
e Review: Angelina Jolie upstages everyone in colorful 'Maleficent'
e Miley Cyrus gives away new pet
e Ryan Murphy Lauds 'American Horror Story: Coven' Cast as 'Most Amazing  ...
t Lenovo and IBM server deal gets Chinese regulatory approval
e Watch! Sam Smith's video for I'm Not The Only One
e New X Men,Days Of Future Past Second Movie Trailer Released Yesterday
m Alcohol-related deaths: How does your state rank?
b Unemployment Rates Fall In 29 US States
b April 15 tax deadline no big deal for most
b Top 10 conglomerates' market capitalization slips on slump in Samsung, POSCO
t Alleged Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 7.0 Press Rendering Leaked
e Solange Knowles 'Loving Jay-Z Lift Attack Controversy'
e 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier' Stars Go to Beijing to Promote Film
e Kristen Stewart wears a G-string and hits on Juliette Binoche in Clouds of Sils  ...
m WHO Pegs Air Pollution As Top Environmental Hazard, Resulting In Millions Of  ...
t Sony PlayStation Network struck by DDoS attack, bomb threat grounds executive
e Someone At US Airways Is Probably Getting Fired After Posting Photo Of Plane  ...
t Creepily human robots almost outdo people in Japanese test
m Scale of Ebola Epidemic 'Unprecedented'
t Aereo Decision by US Supreme Court Throws Digital Rights into 'Cocked Hat'
e Lawsuit accuses 3 more entertainment figures of child sex abuse in Hawaii
e Lucy Hale & Drake Bell Stop by Radio Row Before the Billboard Music Awards!
e Paul Mazursky, Director of 'Unmarried Woman,' Dies at 84
t IPCC expert wrap: costs of climate change mounting
b Unemployment dips to six-year low of 6.1%, Dow closes above 17K as economy  ...
b Mt. Gox, Which Desperately Needs Money, Magically Found Millions Under The  ...
m Archaeologists Discover 3000 Year Old Cancer Patient
e Justin Bieber Chantel Jeffries Rumors, Jelena: Threesomes on Chris Brown's  ...
b Sleepy Hollow Man Leads Book Publishers' Amazon Fight
b Apple pays $3bn for Beats headphones and music
e 'Captain America' sets April box office record
e True Blood Season 7 Episode 3 “Fire in the Hole”
e Promoters have no choice when it comes to selling tickets before a licence is  ...
b Stifel Still Positive on TJX Cos. (TJX) Amid Shaky Q1; Affirms 'Buy' Rating
e 'Magic in the Moonlight' Trailer: Emma Stone Is Enchanting in Woody Allen's Latest
e WATCH: Nene Leakes ELIMINATED From 'DWTS'…See Her Last Dance
b Chafee consultant urges payment of 38 Studios bonds
t iPhone 6 to feature curved display?
m Big Mac or Marlboros. Diet Greater Health Risk According to UN
e AC/DC Are Going to Retire?
b Argentina vows not to repay 'vulture' funds
e The Biggest Winners And Losers Of Comic-Con 2014!
b Get Short Link
m The News From Sierra Leone
m For older woman, Alzheimer's risk double that of breast cancer - WFSB 3  ...
m Ebola Virus Kills Doctor In Sierra Leone
b Amazon Acquires Digital Comic Book Store Comixology
e Frank Darabont In Talks To Direct 'Snow White And The Huntsman 2′; Kristen  ...
t Microsoft s Xbox One sales cross 5 million
t Samsung Galaxy S5 vs iPhone 5S Review: Fingerprint Scanners Compared
e Police: 'Shield' actor told 911 he shot wife in Los Angeles
m Pak triggers global polio emergency
t Introducing Android L To Your Nexus, Step by Step Procedure of Installation  ...
e Beyoncé And Solange Reunite In The Most Fashionable Way
b Wisconsin unemployment rate fell to 6.1 percent in February
e Hilary Duff's New Album Will Feature a Song About Her Split From Mike Comrie
e Solange Knowles addresses Jay Z elevator scuffle
e Game of Thrones: 'First of His Name' Best GIFs of the Night
b THIS IS THE BUSINESS: Lobbies at war over Herbalife 'pyramid'
b Fed's Plosser: Rates may need to rise earlier if growth picks up
e 'Shut that black baby up' - Kim Kardashian reveals sickening racism against  ...
e Reports: Michael Strahan Expected to Join Good Morning America
e 'Scandal' star arrested, Simpson marries for second time
t MakerBot's Bre Pettis: 3-D Printers Are for 'Everyone'
t Microsoft Wants Quick Death for Office 2003, Leads Users to Office 365
e Aretha Franklin Celebrates Birthday With Denzel Washington; Working With  ...
t LG Announces G3 With Quad HD Display
b US Dollar Index. June 23rd 2014
b US stocks close at session highs; Yahoo earnings, Fed feed rally
e Chelsea Handler to end her talk show
e DreamWorksTV Launches Today On YouTube
e 1 dead, 5 hurt in awards party violence
t UPDATE 2-Apple again seeks decisive US court ruling against Samsung
e New 'Star Wars' to start filming in Britain in May
e Movie Review - Captain America: The Winter Soldier
t Road rage truck driver gets 'instant karma'
b Darden Restaurants Selling Off Red Lobster Chain For $2.1 Billion
b WRAPUP 1-For Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley, boring is beautiful
b High Frequency Trading Explained Simply
t Verizon Wireless employee stole 900 phones, made $270000 profit on eBay
e Chris Brown gets 131 more days in jail over probation violation
t New Hajek/Nowhereelse Collab Highlights iPhone 6 Features Included on Last  ...
t Lunar eclipse leaves a 'blood moon'
b Pfizer Chases AstraZeneca For Potential $100 Billion Deal
b AT and T to acquire satellite provider DirecTV in $48.5 bln deal
b Tech Stocks Lead Market Higher; Dow Notches New All-Time Peak
t Samsung Gear Live and LG G Watch will be available on Google Play later today
t Blackberry Q10 vs Samsung Galaxy S4 - Specs and Price Comparison
t Meteor shower in Dubai desert
b Twitter shares tumble after-hours as user growth slows
e Netflix to air 'Magic School Bus' re-boot
t (MKTW) BlackBerry Officially Unveils BlackBerry(R) Z3, Jakarta Edition
m Josh Hardy to receive experimental drug
e True Blood Series Finale: Live stream, start time, TV info, and more
t GOG.com kicks off the game deals season with massive DRM-Free Summer Sale
t Google mulls Wi-Fi offering in KC, Fiber cities
e Justin Bieber Drops N-Bomb, Talks About Joining The Ku Klux Klan In New Video
b Ex-BP official settles gulf spill insider trading case
m Endocyte Shares Soar As Cancer Drug Meets Main Goal In Mid Stage Study
e Chris Brown and Drake kiss and make up? | DailyDish
t Take a sneak peek at new Android smartphones: Talking Tech
t Apple iPhone 6 – Walmart makes way; gives away iPhone 5c for 97 cents
t Coral Larvae, Fishes Stay Away from Damaged Coral Reefs: Scientists
e Robin Thicke makes album apology to estranged wife Paula Patton
b US pre-open: Stock futures gain ahead of US manufacturing PMI
t Google hit by over 70000 'right to be forgotten' requests
t Gmail getting a facelift?
e Will Ferrell and Chad Smith drum-off ends spectacularly
e Pope Francis Calls A Divorced Lady In Argentina And Says, “It's Okay For You  ...
b WATCH LIVE: 23 Americans likely on board Malaysian flight - KWWL - Eastern  ...
t Google Admits It Hires Too Many White Dudes
t Ethical Hackers Crack Samsung Galaxy S5 Fingerprint Sensor
b While you were sleeping: Dow climbs to record
t Galaxy S5 Camera Problem: Samsung Eats Crow
b Fast Food Worker Protests Going Global?
b TSX to rise, focus on Tim Hortons/Burger King
e 11 Posthumous Music Releases That Don't Suck
t Federal prosecutors in New York open criminal probe of GM -source
t Apple, Samsung make final pitches in high-stakes trial
t Criminal ex-dictator Manuel Noriega is suing Activision for portraying him as a  ...
b 'Candy Crush' maker's stock drops in public debut
b Report tallies cost of climate change
e Rihanna stuns in sheer gown at fashion awards
m WHO declares polio 'public health emergency'
b Medicare in Good Health — For Now
b GM Confirms Howell, Bingol Leaving Co., John Quattrone Named as Senior VP  ...
t BlackBerry (T.BB) rolls out BBM for Windows phone users
t CPSC, Lenovo recall battery packs for ThinkPad computers
e 'Divergent' Star Theo James: Five Awesome Things About the Rebel Hunk [VIDEO]
t Microsoft demos 'near real-time' language translation for Skype voice calls
b IMF Cuts Growth Forecast for US
b McDonald's Free Coffee Event: What Is the Real Impetus?
e Officer says video of snowmobilers' moose meeting shows what not to do
b Wonkbook: What you need to know about the latest health-care delay
b Biz Break: GoPro snags ex-Skype CEO as IPO market revs engines
b S&P posts record close on positive US data
e Five Amazing Beauty Looks From the 2014 MTV Movie Awards
e Man spends 4 years traveling, filming to pop the question
m Walgreens offers free HIV testing to mark National HIV Testing Day; other local  ...
b GBP/USD Forecast July 28-Aug.1
e Hope still for How I Met Your Mother spinoff — but CBS might reconsider casting  ...
t Tibetans May Have Gotten High-Altitude Gene From Breeding With Ancient  ...
b Dow Jones Today Moving on These Top Stories
e New Music: Alicia Keys Feat. Kendrick Lamar 'It's On Again' (Prod. By Pharrell)
t Google's Removal of Search Results Drawing Accusations of Censorship
t Tesla confirms its next car model: A BMW 3 Series rival named 'Model III'
b UPDATE 2-Egypt raises electricity prices -minister
m Teens & Risky Behavior
t YouTube and Viacom settle copyright fight
e Maybe ban these instead? They're creepy. (Photo courtesy of my iPhone)
e Justin Bieber Allegedly Stormed Out Of A Deposition
e Captain America: The Winter Soldier excels when it's less about action, more  ...
b Shenzhen to build 'Mini Hong Kong'
e Rolf Harris guilty but could face new charges
e How Drug Cartels Are Ruining Cinco de Mayo
e Kate Middleton dons demure white dress to support Andy Murray at Wimbledon  ...
e MOVIE REVIEW: 'Noah' a solemn, brooding affair
b Eurozone unemployment rate steady near record highs
e Lindsay Lohan's Reported Celeb Sex List Includes Justin Timberlake, Zac Efron
e Michele pays tribute to Monteith for his birthday
e Rolling Stones Return To The Road In Oslo
m Woman Credits 3-D Mammogram With Saving Her Life
e Johnny Depp's Engagement Confirmed With A 'Chick's Ring'
e Miley Cyrus & The Flaming Lips Collaborative Video Claims JFK's Brain  ...
e Starbucks to sell alcohol, small plates in thousands of urban stores
e Royal Wedding Fever! Cressida Bonas And Prince Harry Engagement Rumours  ...
e AMC's WALKING DEAD Season Finale Anchors Record-Breaking Night
m FDA proposes first regulations for e-cigarettes
e Photos and Videos
b Proxy Adviser: Target Shareholders Should Vote against Directors
t Samsung Galaxy S5 US Pricing and Availability Details
b Just add items to create a watchlist now:
m Chikungunya Virus Spreads in U.S. Territory
t New dwarf planet at solar system's edge hints at possible 'Planet X'
b Target Announces Brian Cornell as New CEO
t Mercedes-Benz Recalls 284000 Cars With Faulty Rear Lights
e Sigourney Weaver Returns as Ellen Ripley in "Alien: Isolation" (as a Pre-Order  ...
t Boulder County's view of rare meteor shower may be muted by late-night clouds
b China: One-fifth of country's farmland polluted
e Glastonbury day two video highlights: Jack White, Jake Bugg, Pixies
e Everyone's favorite trippy literary show, Reading Rainbow may return!
e 'In Complete Shock': Michael Hutchence's Sister Pays Tribute Following Sudden  ...
t Facebook Faces Outrage on Mood Experiment
b U.S. Stocks Inch Higher
e Injunction aimed at preventing Brooks concerts
e Kim Emerges In Stunning Boob-Baring Dress As Her BFF Comes For KimYe  ...
e Cesar Chavez: This Film Has an Important Message for White People
e The wit and wisdom of Gwyneth Paltrow
e Biblical story reaches epic proportions in Blockbuster movie
t Recall Alert: 2014 Mercedes-Benz GL-Class
e Stephen Colbert to succeed David Letterman on "Late Show"
e HR Giger has died at the age of 74
e Kim Kardashian Writes Passionate Essay About Racism & Discrimination
t Apple Unveils New Operating Systems for Macs, iPhones, iPads
t DNA study indicates Bigfoot may be a big fake
e Video: Blazed Sarah Silverman Whips Out Her 'Liquid Pot' On The Emmys Red  ...
e Coachella Festival-Goer Dies Following Saturday Collapse
e 'Game Of Thrones' Returns!
e Judge Joe Brown Angry Mug Shot & Courtroom Outburst
t Titanfall Will Increase Resolution Post Launch
m MERS Watch: US Patient Improving, Off Oxygen
b Apple to get Beats, music mogul Iovine for $3 billion
t Google Conference Hit By 'Killer Robot' Protest
e Featured Clip For 'Dawn Of The Planet Of The Apes' Takes A Look At The Film's  ...
t HTC One M8 and Fitbit Bundle Available Today on AT&T
e Wyatt Earp gun sells for $225000 at auction - KWWL - Eastern Iowa Breaking  ...
b No engine data after plane went missing, Malaysia says
t Samsung Galaxy Note Pro 12.2 review: Laptop features are costly in new tablet
b Murdoch bid for Time Warner gives markets a lift
b US-based satellite imaging company crowdsources search for missing MH370  ...
b Hong Kong shares end flat, Hang Seng Index dipped 13.94 points
t AOL Admits Breach, Advises Users to Update Passwords
e Closer look at Kim Kardashian's wedding dress
e German collector at center of Nazi-looted art scandal dies
b Fed official sees risk of bubble in US economy
b Japan holds fire on new easing measures, says economy improving | Bangkok  ...
m Today in the News: Supreme Court appears to side with religious groups in  ...
e Justin Bieber Not Part of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's Wedding
t First Honey Moon in 100 Year to Appear on Friday 13th
t Is Google Apps Down? Google Chat and Drive Offline
e BetterWorldians Radio Takes a Trip to Oz with Legends of Oz: Dorothy's Return  ...
t ComScore: Windows Phone's Growth In The US Remains Unchanged
b China Concerned about Japan's Arms Exports Readjustment
b Vodafone to enter into the automotive industry
t Release date, specs, price and rumours for Amazon smartphone
e 1 dead, 5 hurt in California awards party violence
e Lupita Nyong'o Named "Most Beautiful" By People [PHOTOS]
b Inmarsat+offers+tracking+Malaysian+plane%27s+loss
e University: Poet, Author Maya Angelou Dies At 86
e Arnold Schwarzenegger apparently loves Hummers more than he fears global  ...
e Pharrell, Beyoncé Lead in MTV Video Music Awards Nominations
t Never-before-seen meteor shower set to appear tonight
e Kim Kardashian goes shopping with daughter North ahead of wedding
e Radio Icon Casey Kasem Is Still Not Buried
t Cuban authorities say only 50 cars sold since new law scrapped special permit
e Selena Gomez - Police Called To Selena Gomez's Home Over Noise Complaints
e Miley Cyrus discusses her change between 2013 and 2014 VMAs, admitting she  ...
t US Patent Filing Shows Lenovo's Equivalent To Google's Glass
e Chris Hemsworth welcomes twin boys into the world!
e Justin Bieber's Crazed Fans Want to Remind You He Has Black Friends
b US Fish and Wildlife Service lists Lesser Prairie Chicken as Threatened
t Apple iOS Patent Aims to Block Teens from Texting while Driving
t Apple-IBM deal threatens Android's enterprise push
t Tesla to Protect Car Batteries with Titanium Shields
b Spanish consumer prices fall in March
t HTC updates One phone
m Beaufort tops list for healthiest SC counties
e Watch the Throne Rankings: Wedding Bell Blues
b Another Day, Another Sign That Obamacare Is Working
t eBay Data Breach Fallout: Is This The New Norm For Online Consumers?
t In Heartbleed's wake, tech titans launch fund for crucial open-source projects
b Citigroup Inc. Downgrades Yahoo! to Neutral (YHOO)
b Stock Watchout on Consumer Staples Equities -- Research on  ...
b More hope than conviction for euro zone inflation rebound
e Pamela Anderson: 'I Was Sexually Abused'
m Simple blood test could detect cancers
e Brad Pitt stars in first trailer and poster for Fury
e 'Star Wars: Episode VII:' Harrison Ford Breaks Ankle While Shooting For The J.J.  ...
e The Bachelorette Engagement Ring: Here's the First Picture of Andi's New Bling
e Shakespeare's Globe launches 'Hamlet' tour to every nation on Earth
e Is this the first sign 1D are unhappy?
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West are reportedly celebrating their new marriage  ...
t VP113: Newly discovered planet nicknamed 'Biden' after Syracuse University  ...
m Study: 1 in 8 US children face abuse or neglect
m Impacts of Affordable Care Act coming
e Bench warrant issued for Anita Baker's arrest, she responds on Twitter
e Kardashian family land in Paris
b FOMC Statement – July 2014
e David Brenner, Comedy Legend & Tonight Show Star, Has Passed Away
b Iran is building a mock-up of the USS Nimitz-class nuclear carrier near Bandar  ...
t Gas prices expected to rise soon
e How I Met Your Mother: How It Broke the Mold — and How Will It All End?
e Jennifer Lopez Wows In Versace's Quirky Trouser-Dress
b Fed alert to market reaction to Fed action
e The first trailer for Gone Girl looks appropriately eerie
e What Do Bowie, Cake Pops, and Porn Have in Common? Captain America's  ...
t Heartbleed bug: Change these passwords
t BlackBerry Wins Patent Ruling Against Ryan Seacrest's Typo iPhone Keyboard  ...
e Willow Smith, 13, Photographed in Bed With a Man: Cool or Nah?
t Ford Recalls Nearly 700 Thousand Escapes and Hybrid Vehicles
e Watch: Celebrities Read Your Meanest Tweets
e Big Brother 16 Recap 7/3/14: Episode 5 “Live Eviction and HoH” #BB16
t Maker Recalls 1.9 Million Rear-Facing Infant Seats
b Lawyers march in black
t 'Heartbleed' Spooks 39 Percent Of Web Surfers
e Harrison Ford injury will delay new Star Wars movie for two weeks
t WWE Announces Network Subscriber Figure, Says They Are “On Track” For 1  ...
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 With 5.7-Inch QHD Display Spotted: Report
m 2.1 billion people are now obese or overweight, new report urges governments  ...
e Elisabeth Hasselbeck On Rosie O'Donnell Returning To 'The View' -- TREASON  ...
e Wreck that killed Paul Walker due to 'unsafe speed,' not mechanical failure
e 'Girls' Actress Allison Williams Lands Role Of 'Peter Pan' In NBC's Live Stage  ...
t Google's self-driving cars take to city
e Joss Whedon makes new film available for immediate rental
b Starbucks adds tipping capability to mobile app
b US stocks extend losses on Chinese trade figures; Dow slides 0.41%
b UPDATE 3-Google misses revenue target, ad prices slide
b Lawmakers propose plan to give special committee oversight of Detroit for 20  ...
e Cameron Diaz, Jason Segel Show Their 'Sex Tape' at LA Premiere: It's a 'One  ...
e Amazon has launched its music streaming service
b Wal-Mart suing Visa for $5 billion
t Apple hiring up medical tech execs, hinting at iWatch features
b Bitcoin: The realities of virtual currency
b US Job Market Shows Strong Gains, but How to Understand Uptick in Part-Time  ...
m Hookah the next big threat for US youth: study
e 'Bob Geldof was right - banana republic' - Louis Walsh on Brooks' concerts  ...
e Troian Bellisario Dishes on Being Photoshopped in Sexy 'GQ' Spread
t Apple to Improve App Discovery with 'Related Apps' in Search Field
t Feeling flirty? You can now request a Facebook friend's relationship status, and  ...
b Editorial: Register tax preparers to protect credit
e 'Dancing with the Stars' rocks party anthems
m Cost of scans for headache patients reaches $1 billion
t With smartphone, Amazon seeks a tether to consumers
e 'Dynasty' Star Kate O'Mara Dies After Brief Illness
t The Tesla Model X SUV Is Coming In Early 2015 With Gull-Wing Doors
m E-Cigarettes Face First Regulations -- 2nd Update
t Office for iPad apps have been downloaded 27 million times in 46 days
b Kim Dotcom's Mega plans New Zealand listing
b 900 SINs stolen from CRA website
t Why next-gen Xbox One and PS4 games aren't coming until 2015
b Channel Tunnel breakdown: Eurostar trains cancelled
e Bryan Singer: Michael Egan Timeline, Selective Memory Don't Add Up
e A glorious 'Bullets Over Broadway' kills
b Pound Reaches 19-Month High Versus Euro on Carney Speech
e Mick Jagger Pokes Fun at 'Wrinkly Old Men' Monty Python's Reunion (VIDEO)
e Kate Middleton Freaks as Cressida Bonas and Prince Harry Engagement Nears  ...
e New 'Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I' Trailer Shows What Happens To Those  ...
t Netflix Declines Most Since October on Apple Competition (1)
m National HIV Testing Day: Free testing Friday
t GM recalls 3.2 million more US cars for ignition problems
t Mozilla Employees Take To Twitter For Resignation Of CEO
t Did you turn out the lights for Earth Hour?
b Florida orange estimate continues to shrink
e Harrison Ford injury halts Star Wars filming
t iPhone 5s and Galaxy S5 case designed to protect you from hackers?
e As I Lay Dying singer sentenced to six years in prison for plotting to kill ex-wife
e 10 Beauty Benefits Of Being In A Sharknado
t Microsoft Shutters Its Xbox Entertainment Studios
t 5 reasons why the latest Flipkart offer on the Moto X is a fantastic deal
b Virginia payrolls shrink, unemployment rate up
b Dollar edges higher before Yellen testimony
b Amazon Has Begun E-Mailing E-Book Credits
e Amy Adams Explains Why She Gave Up Her First Class Plane Seat To US Soldier
b Nasdaq Leads Broad Rout In Stock Market
t Chuck E. Cheese testing Oculus Rift attraction
t Every new iPhone and iPad expected to ship with Touch ID in 2014
b Obama administration announces 'grace period' extension to enroll for health care
t Samsung Acknowledged the Problem with the Galaxy S5 Camera
t Halamka: Google Glass could be the new iPad for doctors
b Yahoo's genie to leave bottle
e You are here! Home > Features Analyses > Regular aerobic exercise may  ...
b Chinese government threatens IBM's bank server business with shut out
e Review: Cameron Diaz, Leslie Mann bring big laughs with 'The Other Woman'
t Google begins removing some results in Europe
e Stand-Up Comedian Leslie Jones Goes Full On Coonery For SNL Slavery Sketch
e Meet Jennifer Connelly, the fiercely protective Naameh
m Shape magazine tells local woman to cover up
b Can firing Dov Charney save American Apparel?
b Bangladesh woman who survived 17 days under factory debris marries, finds  ...
t Amazon Touts Appstore Selection Ahead of Rumored Phone Launch
e A Guide to Maya Angelou's Most Beloved Books
t Judge allows FBI to continue protecting infected computers in Russian hacking  ...
t Google Loses Google+ Honcho
t Apple rumored to buy Beats, this video seems to confirm it
e Shailene Woodley Covers Marie Claire in Leather Jumpsuit, Talks Scoliosis  ...
b Tiffany Q1 Profit Shines As Share Volume, Price Surge
t GM stops Chevy Cruze sales over Takata-supplied air-bag modules
e Game of Thrones, Once Again, Sits Atop the Iron Throne of Piracy
t Google may unveil health data tracking service at I/O
b IRS Reiterates Warning of Pervasive Telephone Scam As Tax Deadline Nears
t Lenovo launches a pair of new affordable Chromebooks starting at $279
b What Will General Motors Look Like Once It Weathers the Storm?
m Unsettled science: New study questions link between heart disease and  ...
t Air pollution highest in cities of India, according to World Health Organization
e Nicki Minaj at BET Awards: I was recently near death
t Heads Up! Supermoon is Here
b Looking forward to terrific Obama-Modi meeting: John Kerry
t Wednesday Apple Rumors: Apple Launches Cheaper 21.5-Inch iMac
e Biblical action hero
e Want to Second Honeymoon Like Kim Kardashian and Kanye West?
t Chegg Agrees to Acquire a Leading Online Tutoring Network, InstaEDU
e EXCLUSIVE! Find Out Which Song Miley Cyrus Will Perform At The Billboard  ...
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Rumors – What We Know So Far
t Top UN court orders Japan to end Antarctic whale hunt Animal protection
m Alcohol consumption blamed for 10 percent of US adult deaths
t Google must amend some search results: European court
b Tera Group Seeks to Protect Bitcoin Price Stability
m Post-Partum Depression Hits Dads Too
e George Clooney Doesn't Like It When You Call Obama An 'A**hole'
e 'Fast & Furious 7' to resume production
e Ann B. Davis, Alice on 'Brady Bunch,' dies at 88
b Etihad to lure private jet passengers with luxury A380 offering
b Update: Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac Elimination bill to be discussed in senate
e Lady Gaga heads out in NYC wearing just lingerie and sexy fishnets
b Amazon says Hachette negotiations could drag out
t Catch 'Em All in New 'Pokemon' Feature for Google Maps
b Pandora Media increases fees to cover rising cost of artists' royalties
t Apple finally completes deal to purchase Beats Electronics for $3bn
b BlackBerry Reports Upbeat 1Q Results, Shares Surge
b Whole Foods earnings miss expectations, stock slumps
m World's heaviest drinkers revealed: UK among most prolific consumers of  ...
e Lady Gaga, a submissive partner
t Amazon will change consumer behavior on Wednesday
e Zach Galifianakis to star in Louis C.K. created TV series
e Tom Hanks Parties with Justin Bieber at Scooter Braun's Wedding
t Apple to Introduce Smart Home Strategy at WWDC 2014
e Game of Thrones review: Margaery cougars it up
t Possible Meteor “Storm” Friday Night
e McCartney to make full recovery from virus in Tokyo: agent
e This Fake Leaked "Star Wars" Film Set Footage Is Even Better Than The Real  ...
e Clyde 'Guy' B. Johnson, Only Son of Maya Angelou, Confirms Her Death
t Amazon's smartphone success may not be easily won
e Boulder rocks on Record Store Day
b Chiquita combines with Fyffes to be top banana
t Video: Google unveils smartwatch platform Android Wear
b FedEx charged with trafficking drugs sold online
e Kristeen Young - Kristeen Young Blasts Morrissey Over Tour Axe
e Lindsay Lohan Ditches Sober Friends
e Hugh Jackman Expected To Reprise Wolverine Role In Three More Movies
b Barclays in Hot Water: Sued for 'Dark Pool' Misdeeds - Analyst Blog
e #INDYTODAY | Things to do this Friday & weekend
t Mauna Kea Observatories Find Possible Habitable Planet
t What is the Connection Between Real World Games and iPad
b Could the Markets Stage a 1987-Style Crash?
b US, Singapore reach agreement on tax evasion -US Treasury
e James Gunn's 'Guardians' is an instant classic
b Washington Redskins Lose 6 Trademarks in Landmark Case
t NSA denies keeping Heartbleed bug data 'secret' for two years
e 'Godzilla' rules weekend box office; 'X-Men,' 'Blended' open Friday
e Lead singer of heavy metal band As I Lay Dying sentenced to six years in prison  ...
m MIT Predicts Wireless Controlled Contraception is Coming Soon
e Rolf Harris says he is "touchy-feely" person but denies indecent assault
t Video: Tailgater flips off driver, then crashes his truck
m Medical Marijuana Inconclusive, Neurologists' Meeting in Philadelphia is Told
e 'The Fault in Our Stars' John Green's Book to Film Story NEW CLIP PREMIERE  ...
b American Airlines, US Airways Stop Listing On Orbitz
t HTC officially announces the HTC M8
e Francis Scott off-Key? 'Star-Spangled Banner' author may have been tone deaf  ...
t Tin-Based Solar Cell Could Be The Next Big Thing In Photovoltaics
b Boris warns City under threat after European Court dismisses UK 'Tobin tax  ...
e Wildwood Neighborhood Cinco de Mayo Celebration
e Kanye West and Kim Kardashian Cover Next Vogue Issue [VIDEO]
e Sentinels Attack in 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' Clip
t Obama Proclaims June 2014 LGBT Pride Month
e Harris won't be tried over 'teen' porn
b Air France Plunges 9% on Outlook, Shire Received Third Revised Offer
e The Treatment 'Record Store Day' Release In The Uk Limited 4-Track Split Ep  ...
e Miley Cyrus, Flaming Lips and Moby release LSD-inspired short film
b Oil falls as Iraqi data eases concern about supply
b Wal-Mart recalling 174000 dolls
t Texas Weekly Gas Price Update and Outlook
e 'Community' Is Canceled, But Not Quite Dead — Yet
t Apple in talks with Samsung to settle all future patent disputes out of court
b US markets fluctuate a day after a major drop
m Update on findings in the FDA cold storage area on the NIH campus
e Justin Bieber 'very sorry' for racist joke video
m HEALTH LAUNCHES AWARENESS CAMPAIGN ON MERS
t Google begins removing search engine links under 'right to be forgotten' EU ruling
b Russia's Lavrov warns of "fratricidal war" in Ukraine
e 2014 BET Awards: Pharrell Williams, Beyonce take two each; complete list of  ...
e 'Scandal' Recap: Fitz's Family Drama Isn't for Olivia to Fix
b Medtronic to buy Covidien for $42.9B; will relocate to Ireland to avoid taxes
e Is Kylie Jenner Going to Have Blue Hair for Kim Kardashian's Wedding?
e Whoopi Goldberg Launches Marijuana Column
e South African Writer, Nobel Laureate Nadine Gordimer Dies at 90
b AbbVie Inc.'s share price down, increases its cash-and-stock bid for Shire Plc to  ...
b International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) Announces Quarterly Earnings  ...
e Spotify Pitches College Kids: Half Off Subscriptions While You're in School
e Amazon adds music streaming service
m The Deadliest Ebola Outbreak in History Has Expanded to Yet Another New  ...
e Edgar Wright Officially Drops Out of Marvel's 'Ant-Man'
e Get Your First Official Look At Brolin's Thanos In This Marvel Cinematic Universe  ...
e In Honor of Cinco de Mayo: Where Did Meat and Queso Dip Originate?
m CDC Reports First Person-to-Person MERS Transmission in US
m Ebola ruled out in case of Saskatoon patient
e Victoria Beckham Turns Down Kim Kardashian's Request to Design Wedding  ...
e Arrest warrant issued for Grammy-winning Anita Baker in civil lawsuit
t BlackBerry wins court order against TV host Ryan Seacrest's Typo
e Usher Slaps Nicki Minaj's Butt & More Awkward Moments From The MTV Video  ...
t Apple To Launch 4.7- And 5.5-Inch iPhone As Soon As September, Report Claims
t Titanic twist: 1912 wasn't a bad year for icebergs after all
t Apple updates entire MacBook Pro line-up
e 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' more reason for mutant pride
b China Set To Overtake US As World's Largest Economy While India Pulls Ahead  ...
t The Catch-Up: April 15th, 2014 – Retailers List The Last of Us PS4 Release Date
m Are your pets' treats making them sick?
e Britney Spears' sister Jamie Lynn getting married to fiance Jamie Watson today  ...
e Beyoncé & Solange: Instagram clues to the Jay Z fight fallout
t Gas prices are up ahead of 4th of July weekend
e L'Wren Scott Hated by Rolling Stones: They Called Her Yoko Ono
e Cannes 2014: Best dressed at Lost River premiere with Ryan Gosling + Matt Smith
e Wayne Knight of 'Jurassic Park,' 'Seinfeld' is alive and well, despite huge hoax
b Look Out for Bad IPOs!
m Painful Mosquito-borne Illness Surfaces in U.S.
b Airbus And Rolls-Royce Stock Move Lower As Emirates Cancels A350 Order
e 'Mad Men's' final season: Is it TV's greatest drama series?
e Kristin Cavallari Gives Birth To Second Son
e GMA's Josh Elliott leaving show for NBC Sports
t Mini-review: People who already use Office will love Office for iPad
e Dan Harmon Isn't Super Bummed About 'Community' Cancellation
e “How To Train Your Dragon 2″ gives beloved characters an exciting new story
b S/Africa metal industry workers down tools
e 'Brick Mansions' is no way for Paul Walker to bow out
e 'Glee' star Lea Michele's new man has sketchy past - Ask Pinky
b Home Opinion Columns Russia will pay the price for Putin's treatment of...
m Big study will test chocolate extract pills for heart health; multivitamins, too
b Oil prices extends gains on ongoing Iraq fighting
t Twitter pokes fun at Facebook crash with hilarious #Whenfacebookwasdown  ...
e Rapper Dismisses Claims His Costume Was Blatantly Anti-Semitic -- and a  ...
t Microsoft (MSFT) Runs 'Annoying' New Xbox Ad
e WATCH Beyonce Performing Live in VMAs Performance of her Entire Album of  ...
b Coca-Cola launches biggest-ever World Cup campaign
b FOREX-Dollar strength ebbs threats of ECB action keep euro
m Woman's Blood Cancer Destroyed by Massive Measles Virus Injection in  ...
e Dozens of fans hospitalised after Avicii concert in Boston
m Save Josh Hardy
b Consumer Spending Up In May
e Amazon achieves streaming rights to '24'
e CGI and body doubles to be used in final Fast & Furious 7 scenes after Paul  ...
e Shailene Woodley No Longer Self-Conscious About Being Skinny
b HP Has Plenty of Problems and Few Solutions
e Vanessa Hudgens Can Be Bought For $15000
b Nokia Names Rajeev Suri As Their New CEO
b IRS gives bonuses to workers cited for misconduct
b Thai military radar data bolsters belief Flight 370 changed its path
m How to make your kids love their greens
m The Doctor Is In: Spring allergies & asthma
b Congressmen hear about drought
m Daily dose of aspirin helps prevent preeclampsia in women with high-risk  ...
b WASDE Wednesday, What Does it Mean for Crop Prices?
e A Box Office Monster: "Godzilla" Opens With $93.2 Million
t April Fools' Pokemon challenge
e SOUND OFF: GLEE 100! The Original Ten Return
b Intel reports lower first quarter net income, higher revenue
b Hong Kong stocks 0.12% lower at open
b NBCUniversal Wrestles New WWE Deal
b Eurozone Inflation Comes In Weak, And The Euro Is Tanking
t HAM Radio's In Kiroli Park
b Michaels Stores' breach involved 3 million customers
t Hackers can tap USB devices in new type of attack
e Latest comic book movie a big hit
e Mad Men 706: Happy-ish Days Are Here Again
e Elle Fanning Interview For 'Maleficent'
e Tom Cruise set to soar with 'Top Gun 2' (VIDEO)
t Apple says Samsung knew iPhone would be big seller
t One day only Google Glass Sale, Tuesday April 15th starting at 6 am
t Domino's Pizza held to ransom by hackers over customer data
t The First Apps and Custom ROMs For Android Wear Are Here
e Game of Thrones, Mockingbird review: Best GIFs from season 4, episode 7
b Fed seen hiking rates in H2 of 2015 as jobless rate falls
e TV Review: 'Lindsay'
b Microsoft's Office for iPad: It's all about the business users
e Weiss and Benioff Talk THAT Game Of Thrones Finale (SPOILERS)
t Foodservice event being covered in real time via Google Glass
b Venture capitalist gets all the bitcoin
t Prosecutors Probing GM Recall
t LG G3 and G Watch Coming to AT&T on July 8
e Mickey Rooney, legend of Hollywood
b Crediting in the ero aea revives
e Pretty Little Liars Season 5, Episode 7: What Is Spencer Doing at Ezra's  ...
e Fargo, TV review: Casting Martin Freeman a stroke of genius in a show brimming  ...
e Transformers hits box office with $100 million opening
e Do you believe in heaven? 'Heaven is for Real' raises the question
t Borderlands 1, Civilization 3 and 4 to be migrated across from Gamespy
b Credit rating agency upgrades UK's economic outlook
e Obama fulfils dreams of sushi in Tokyo
e Mickey Rooney Dies; Hollywood Legend Was 93
e Kim Kardashian's Bachelorette Party With…
b Adobe reports strong revenue growth as users move to subscriptions
t Geneva-led team discovers 'mega-Earth'
b 40% of Twitter users from emerging markets by 2018
b BC sees biggest jump in inflation rate as Canadian gas prices balloon in April
t Comcast: Title II Would Be Destabilizing, Counterproductive
m Scotland looks to minimize chances of Ebola spread before the Commonwealth  ...
t Earth's twin where life can exist found
t Microsoft may drag out layoffs for a year
e Five reasons Gone Girl the film will be better than the book
t Samsung, in symbolic win, ordered to pay Apple $119.6 million in damages
t Rapid Fire Thoughts on the New HTC One (M8)
e Allison Williams Will Be Flying High as Peter Pan in NBC's Live Musical
b Dollar Hit By Rising Tensions in Ukraine and Other Top Forex News.
t Facebook Begins Forcing Users to use Standalone Messaging App
t General Motors keeps its recalls rolling
b D.C. Taxi Drivers Cause Massive Gridlock Over E-Hailing App Anger
t What Comcast Would Divest For Time Warner Deal
b Bank of America to settle dispute with FHFA
t Google's mulling Wi-Fi for cities with Google Fiber
t Samsung Galaxy S5 India launch about to begin: All you need to know
b Search back on for MH370 wreckage
b IMF cuts US growth and urges minimum wage hike
e Usher Says Josh Kaufman Is 'The Voice' — 'We Are Going To Win'
e Reunited Fleetwood Mac coming to Consol Energy Center in October
t Elon Musk, SpaceX CEO: Human will step on Mars by 2026
e Brad Garrett Remembers Ann B. Davis (WATCH)
e Miley Cyrus' tour bus catches fire on road
b Another GM recall: 1.18M SUVs for air bag issue - WBOC-TV 16, Delmarvas  ...
m TALK ABOUT A CRAZY DAY
e WIRED Summer Binge-Watching Guide: The Sopranos
m WORLD and AHF to Join Forces
b Study: US Posted First Full-Year Pay TV Subscriber Drop in 2013
e Draft Day Review: Kevin Costner Scores a Touchdown
t Red Hat reports financial results for FY15 first quarter
b AP News in Brief at 5:58 p.m. EDT
e 'American Idol' Season 13 Top 5 Predictions: Who Will Go Home? Is Jena Irene  ...
e New Game Of Thrones Season 4,Episode 4 Official Spoilers,Synopsis Released  ...
e Patricia Arquette - Patricia Arquette's New Film Forced Her To Reminisce
e Watch Carell and Tatum in the Foxcatcher Teaser
e Sharon and Kelly Osbourne devastated over death of Peaches Geldof, pay  ...
e 'Tammy': Melissa McCarthy, Susan Sarandon on Comedic Falls and That  ...
b Google stock split will change S&P 500 rules
e Brandon Jenner Said To Have Kissed Stepsister Kim Kardashian Back in the Day
t Google Glass to feature Ray-Ban, Oakley frames
e French court orders Jewish museum shooting suspect's extradition to Belgium
t Warning after eBay passwords 'stolen'
e Johnny Depp oozes cool as he takes the stage in leather jacket to promote new  ...
t Titanfall on Xbox 360 "Will Be A Great Experience" Says Microsoft
e Ellie Goulding Wows In White At MTV Movie Awards
m 11 human cases of West Nile Virus in Butte County
b Euro shares slip on Ukraine crisis
t Do Consumers Care About Another Staggering General Motors Recall?
b UPDATE 1-Greece wants no 3rd bailout, euro zone hopeful but cautious
e Barbara Walters bids 'a bientot' in swansong telecast
e Watch: Lady Gaga's new video for "G.U.Y."
e Amzing Spiderman 2 creates record in India
t WWDC 2014: Apple to unveil iOS 8, OS X 10.10 and new software for smart  ...
e ABC says David Muir replacing Diane Sawyer at 'World News'
e 'Dancing With The Stars' Season 18 Premiere: Watch Derek Hough, Amy Purdy  ...
e Khloe Kardashian: A Warning from French Montana's Wife?
b Chevron Falls Despite Earnings Beat; Production Volumes Fall
t Titanfall universe set to expand around live-action content
m Alcohol linked with 88000 premature deaths yearly
e Ben Affleck Card Counting Story A Publicity Stunt?
m Ebola confirmed in Guinea; 59 deaths studied
b At $510 Billion, Nigeria Economy Biggest in Africa
b Aust bond futures rise after ECB meeting
b Burger King chided for tax-saving move
t Risk from Heartbleed bug also found in networking systems
b Modest Gold Rally on US Jobs Report; Focus Will Quickly Move to World Stock  ...
e Former “Scandal” Star Arrested for Public Intoxication
t Apple offers app purchase refund after complaints of kids' overspending
m Middle-aged heavy drinking leads to memory loss in old age
t Meet Kepler-186f, the First Validated Earth-Sized Planet in the Habitable Zone of  ...
b Emirates cancels massive Airbus order worth $16 billion
m WHO unveils emergency moves against Ebola onslaught in Guinea (Update)
m Adults stop anti-rejection drugs after partial stem-cell transplant reverses sickle  ...
e 'Mad Men' recap: Season 7, Episode 2, 'A Day's Work'
e Brad Pitt, Angelina Jolie speak out about red carpet prankster incident
e Burning Questions for the 'Game of Thrones' Season 4 Finale
t NASA Mulls Unplanned Spacewalk to Fix Space Station Computer Outage
e Ginnifer Goodwin Marries Co-Star Josh Dallas
e Lupita Nyong'o Attempts To Hide Her Beautiful Face In New York, But Only  ...
e New Queen Album Will Include Unheard Freddie Mercury Vocals
t Eyewitness News
e sequel to sentimental classic shrouded in doubt
t Android powered health platform 'Google Fit' coming at Google I/O
m Two antibodies may block MERS virus from infecting cells
e Texas cheerleader, 19, provokes fury over hunting images
t A path toward more powerful tabletop accelerators
t Portal To Debut On NVIDIA Shield Next Week
m Girl told she's in violation of school dress code for shaving head to support  ...
m Texas-based "Beach Vacation Experts" Offer Skin Protection Tips for Summer  ...
e Keith Richards becomes a children's author
e Cannes XXX Shocker as “DSK” Case Gets Porn Treatment in Ambush Film  ...
e Cooper pays tribute to late guitarist
b US indexes drift a day after record; Express gains
b Nigerian security agency, JTF, arrests two Britons, others for crude oil theft, bribery
t Report: Google in Talks to Buy Twitch
t UN court asks Japan to halt whaling in Antarctica
e Madonna - Madonna reports late for NYC jury service
b SunTrust Mortgage settlement could involve 243 New Mexico borrowers
b Amaya Gaming Acquires PokerStars, Rational Group for $4.9 Billion
m Son of American Ebola patient says mom 'fighting through it'
b Oil pipe leak blamed for tainted water in China
b HealthCare.Gov Website Stumbles on Last Day
b MARKET SNAPSHOT: US Stocks: Futures Higher As Draghi Lifts Europe
t Facebook: NYC prosecutors got data on 381 users
e SEINFELD's 'Newman' Alive and Well; Wayne Night's Death a Hoax
b Facebook Q1 revenue grows 72%
t Blackberry Smartphone Release: Company to Launch Keyboard Smartphones  ...
e Sam Smith's “I'm Not The Only One” Video: Watch
e Chelsea Handler To End E! Show At The End Of The Year
b Search for Malaysia plane resumes
b Motley Fool | Don't rush to sell all losers in portfolio
e 'Brick Mansions' review: Paul Walker film offers up formulaic action 0
t Netflix's Deal With Comcast Improves Streaming Video Quality
t How you're surviving the heatwave
t GM recalls 475000 more vehicles
e Nicki Minaj didn't have time for costume change
b Who's Afraid of Low, Low Yields?
e Supreme Court Justices, Ranked by Their Tech Savvy in the Aereo Case
t New Samsung Galaxy Tab S lineup said to include fingerprint sensor and  ...
b Inflate Your Way To Victory
t Tesla Model X SUV coming early 2015 with AWD upgrade
e Mark Ruffalo's Avengers: Age of Ultron Snaps
e Netflix Will Have Its Own TV Channel Starting Monday
b Argentina says won't make next bond payment
t Visionary or just looney? Facebook's Zuckerberg is on a spending spree
e Film star Chris Pine pleads guilty
b JC Penney Company PT Raised to $10.00 at Deutsche Bank (JCP)
e Is This the Roster Sony is Using for "The Sinister Six"?
t In a first, scientists find an asteroid with rings
e Trial day 2: Chris Brown's bodyguard has yet to receive verdict
e Top 10 movies that make you cry
b HKMA steps in with $5.2b to back peg
e Father of the Bride 3 to focus on gay marriage, Steve Martin to return?
e 3 Looks We Loved from the CFDA Awards
t A look at 'Skylanders Trap Team'
e X-Men Days of Future Past Review: Catch Mutant Mania!
e Lupita Nyong'o Named 'Most Beautiful' By People Magazine | News
t SpaceX-3 Launches Science Cargo To ISS
e The five best ways to celebrate St Patrick's Day if you can't afford to go to Ireland
b easyJet H1 beats forecasts, says on track for growth
e Hugh Jackman Wants To Play Wolverine, Is 'Less Sure' About Retiring
t Microsoft Surface 2 gets $100 price cut for all models, including the LTE variant
e VOTD: Solange Knowles Beating The Hell Out Of Jay Z In An Elevator
t Apple Releases iOS 7.1.1 With TouchID Improvements And Bug Fixes
b American Apparel Inc (APP) Adopts Poison Pill To Thwart Charney
t Google launches thermostat and programmer that learns
m Medics grow vaginas in a LABORATORY and implant them into four teenage girls
e Amy Adams Gives Up First-Class Seat to Soldier: 'I Didn't Do It for Attention'
b New Ford CEO gets $5.25M pay package, plus options
e 'Scandal' Season Finale Recap: Power Rankings for 'The Price of Free and Fair  ...
t The slow, sure death of "climate change" lies
t Ice Sheet Erosion Quickening
m Bullied teen drops nearly 200 pounds, finishes marathon
b Home Starts Jump as U.S. Builders Freed From Winter Slowdown
e Celebrity News Kim Kardashian and Kanye West marry in Florence
b Stocks Hold Gains After Yellen Comments; Biotechs Bounce
t Google touts updates and price cuts to incentivise persistent cloud use
b General Motors Company (GM) news: GM: A Playbook For Trading Recall
b Stocks close mostly higher on earnings; Apple up - WBOC-TV 16, Delmarvas  ...
t Android Wear bug preventing app installation
t BlackBerry Adds Amazon Appstore To New OS
b Markets drift ahead of ECB meeting, US jobs data - Live5News.com | Charleston  ...
b Business briefs: Dollar Tree to acquire Family Dollar for $8.5B
b AMSA reports relocation of objects
e Jennifer Lopez names new album AKA
e Rob Kardashian's bizarre Twitter behaviour
e Mad Men: Where We Left Off and What's Ahead in the Final Season
e Freddie Prinze Jr. Slams Kiefer Sutherland: He's "The Most Unprofessional Dude  ...
t Marquez dominates MotoGP practice
e Pamela Anderson Reveals Painful Past of Sexual Abuse From Age 6
e 'True Blood' Final Season: Joe Manganiello Discusses Shocking Ending of "Fire  ...
e 'Colbert Report' tweet dubbed racist, spawns #CancelColbert
m Teen Smoking Hits A 22-Year Low, But Other Tobacco Uses Rise
b Billionaire activist to meet with White House officials
m FDA Issues Clarification on Wood Aging of Cheese
b Samsung Electronics' 2Q profits down 20 percent - Live5News.com | Charleston  ...
e 'Iron' Jamie Foxx circles Mike Tyson role
b India to have third-largest Twitter population by 2014
b DOW BREAKS 17000 AFTER BLOWOUT JOBS REPORT: Here's What You  ...
e 'The Voice' Recap: The Battle Rounds Begin
b Deaths Decline after Massachusetts Healthcare Reform
t Quartz Daily Brief—Europe edition—Apple's earnings, China still slowing, Big  ...
t eBay faces investigations over data breach
t 'Blood moon' sets off apocalyptic debate among some Christians
b Crude drops below $114
b Thomas Piketty and the economics of inequality
b Morning Scan: Citi Close to $7B Mortgage Settlement; Swiss Bankers Mimic  ...
t UN climate report changes little on Hill
t Microsoft Office for iPad to be released in coming weeks
e Bateman pushes comedy envelope
m Animal study yields promising results for measles drug
e Game of Thrones: George R.R. Martin Releases New Chapter For 'The Winds Of  ...
m Diabetic heart attacks and strokes show significant decline
e There's A Super Teeny Tiny Chance You Could Be In The New Star Wars
e A (Slightly Jaded) Review of The 2014 MTV Movie Awards
t The Promises and Perils of Android TV
b Mike Fay: How Nottm University helps solve food problems
m Connecticut third-lowest rate in nation with job fatalities
b Amazon's 'Mayday' help desk flooded with marriage proposals
t Valve's virtual reality headset returns to the spotlight, new images shown
e Duchess of Cambridge is pretty in pink as she visits school
b Hewlett-Packard Job Cuts Aid Stock Amid Turnaround Push
e Jay Leno to Receive 2014 Mark Twain Prize for American Humor
e Lana Del Rey Confirms HOW MUCH She Was Paid To Sing At Kimye's Wedding  ...
b Conditions looking good for anglers
t FCC Move Seen as Disaster for Online Start-Ups
t Photos: Valve is still working on a virtual reality headset
m Gilead Announces Encouraging Sovaldi Data - Analyst Blog
b As Murdoch's sons rise, Chase Carey still has hand on the wheel
e George Clooney-Amal Alamuddin wedding: Actor blasts over false news about  ...
e Kim K 'nervous about hitting the road' with Kanye
t Microsoft Office For iPad Set For 27 March Launch - Report
t Intel and Rockchip to deliver next-gen Atom chips for Android tablets
b Travelers to hit the road for Labor Day, face cheaper gas prices
e Pregnant Mila Kunis Goes Into TMI Mode as She Explains Why Ashton Kutcher  ...
b UPDATE 1-US pending home sales hit eight-month high in May
e Avicii Concert Ends with Dozens Hospitalized in Boston
t Japan ordered to stop whale hunts
b Wells Fargo & Co (NYSE:WFC) | Wells Fargo Names 2 Senior Leaders to Serve  ...
t Can't Call For Help? You Can Now Text 9-1-1 With An Emergency In Some Cities
e First TMNT Movie Trailer Released
m Gilead Sciences May See A Healthy Earnings Beat
m West Africa at risk of Ebola spread: WHO
b European stocks decline, eyes on German data; Dax down 0.13%
e Shailene Woodley's Berry Lip Color at The Fault in Our Stars Premiere: Get the  ...
m Ebola Cases May Surpass 20000 As The Outbreak Accelerates
t Microsoft says the 12-inch Surface Pro 3 tablet can replace your laptop
t Google Titan Aerospace Acquisition: Why Does Web Giant Want Flying Drones?
m Vitamin Boost will be provided by Super Banana
m MannKind gets FDA approval for AFREZZA for treatment diabetes
b Banks Being Forced To Plead Guilty To Criminal Charges: Will They Survive?
e Victoria Beckham Refuses to Design Kim Kardashian's Wedding Dress
e Paul McCartney resumes Out There world tour after being hospitalised by virus
e Kim Kardashian Flaunts Her Flat Abs In New Bikini Photo
b Opening remarks by CS at LegCo House Committee special meeting on  ...
b Update on the latest in business:
e UK police probing Peaches Geldof's sudden death
b Ukraine referendum tensions weigh on markets - Business, Government Legal  ...
t RIPSP: End of an era as Sony discontinues the PSP
e Channing Tatum Meets With X-Men Producer About Playing Gambit
t Heartbleed Bug Used By NSA To Gather Key Intellegence
b Zebra Tech snaps up Motorola unit
t Backup cameras latest requirement for new cars
t Facebook admits 'communications' error with emotions study
t Project Tango Gets a Teardown, Features Dedicated Co-Processors and IR  ...
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 vs. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Review: Tech Specs and  ...
t Leaked iPhone 6 Battery Specifications Suggest Minimal Improvement to Battery  ...
b Will The Euro Will Go Lower?
b British rate rise in 2014 less certain than market thinks
b Workers' ultimatum to Market Basket brass
t Samsung Galaxy S5 set to ship April 11, AT&T, T-Mobile to begin booking orders
b Massive Flooding at UCLA After Water Main Bursts
t Campbell Soup misses; WWE to hold conference call after Friday's stock slam  ...
m At least 78 dead of Ebola virus in Guinea
e 'Game of Thrones' season 4, episode 1 reaction: Pedro Pascal on Oberyn  ...
b Home Depot says housing recovery on track
e Kathy Bates stars in 'Tammy': The movie is too sappy once its characters hit the  ...
b iPhone 6 2014 Release Date Update – Enhanced Beats Music, Sapphire  ...
t Europe starting to see the flaws in the 'right to be forgotten' ruling
b Netflix vs. Amazon vs. Hulu: Who's Winning?
t Stop using the Sony Vaio Fit 11A - it might catch fire
t Microsoft concludes Nokia Devices and Services transaction
e Austin's film industry takes a hit as NBC's 'Revolution' gets the ax
m Seniors are in danger
e Miley Cyrus Goes Nearly Naked In New 'Flaming Lips' Video — Watch
e Tila Tequila Is Pregnant -- See Her Baby Bump!
t Galaxy S5 Active Hands-On Video Leaks, Specs and Design Revealed for AT&T  ...
e Olivia Palermo's fresh wedding look
b Golden Gate Capital buying Red Lobster
b Author: US Stock Market 'Rigged' By High-Speed Traders
e Bruce Jenner Fuels Sex Change Rumors In Keeping Up With The Kardashians  ...
m Effect of mobile phones on children's brains probed
e Phil Collins donates Alamo collection to state of Texas
b Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA Falls with S&P 500 and Nasdaq; JNJ and  ...
t Instagram Adds 10 Editing Tools, Promises to Waste More of Your Time
t Best Samsung Galaxy S5 launch day deals and pricing
e Photo, Video: Nick Cannon Dons Whiteface In Lame Attempt To Promote New  ...
b How the Ukraine/Russia Situation Is Misleading Investors
e Britney Spears singing 'Alien' without auto-tune leaked online
e Prolific US actor Wallach dies at 98
t Microsoft Updates OneNote To Match iOS7-Friendly Office Suite
b Aust, Japan ink free trade deal
m Fist-bump is cleaner than typical handshake
m Home at last: Justina Pelletier pictured as she leaves state custody after 16  ...
b RBI Leaves Rates Unchanged
e As gay marriage bans fall, corporate America's sponsorship for gay pride  ...
e Keri Russell Discusses Her Role In 'Dawn Of The Planet Of The Apes' On 'Late  ...
t Google unveils Glassware update ahead of I/O
e Exclusive: Booking Photo of Michael Jace
e Miley Cyrus -- Her Anaconda Don't Want None Unless ... You Got Buns Hun!
b Activity Alert for Valeant Pharmaceuticals International (VRX)
t Surface Pro 3 review: Microsoft's tablet-laptop works well, but has its drawbacks
e Legendary Bluesman Johnny Winter Dead at 70
e Best Dressed at the Billboard Music Awards 2014: Our 11 Favorite Red Carpet  ...
b NYT's Davidoff: Alibaba Shareholders Won't Own its Chinese Assets
e Watch the new Trailer for Dawn of the Planet of the Apes
b Samsung expects Q1 operating profit of $8B, down 4.3 percent
m Sarepta Therapeutic Upgraded to Buy by Canaccord Genuity (SRPT)
t Study reveals West Antarctic glaciers collapsing
b Record-breaking kiwi climbs higher
e RHONY Season 6 Premiere: Aviva Drescher and Ramona Singer Bond Over  ...
t Cornell professor contributes to Facebook study drawing criticism
t GM CEO Promises Lawmakers She'll Get to Bottom of Delayed Recall
t Climate change: 4 countries that are fighting the trend
b EUR/GBP continues sliding as market preps for ECB rate move
b US Navy Test-Fires New Land-Based Missile Launcher
e 'Orange Is the New Black' Cast on the 2014 Emmys Red Carpet [PHOTOS]
e 'Jimmy's Hall': Cannes Review
t With Microsoft deal almost done, HTC may consider buying Nokia Chennai plant
e Iranian Police Arrest Online Music Video Dancers for Getting "Happy"
t Google buys Songza music-streaming service
e Powdered alcohols no longer have label approvals
e Keira Knightley taps into her singing voice
e 'Mr. Peabody' top dog at box office, revs past 'Speed,' '300'
t Beats Music sued ahead of merger with Apple
t Songza acquisition will help Google improve music offerings and put music in  ...
e Marvel's 'Dr. Strange' Movie To Be Directed By 'Sinister' Filmmaker Scott  ...
e L'Wren Scott's Death Officially Ruled a Suicide, Remains Claimed
b Kiwi to remain pet currency, no sell signal in Texas crude
e Queen's new album will feature previously unreleased vocals by Freddie Mercury
b Will the French Find Missing Plane MH370?
t iPhone 6 Rivals Have Wasted Their Chance To Cut Apple Off At The Knees
e Friday's Film Reviews: Tammy, Mrs Brown's Boys D'Movie
e Dog's Death Behind Miley's Hospitalization?
e Jack White Announces New Album Coming Out In June
t BlackBerry to acquire anti-eavesdropping firm Secusmart
t Mustang celebrates milestone atop Empire State Building
e Kim Kardashian Lets Her Boobs Hang Out in Front of 100000 People at Bonnaroo
t Wednesday Poll: Do You Want to Buy the OnePlus One?
e Lorde Fronts Nirvana At Rock Hall Ceremony
b Yellen: Asset Managers Pose Different Risks Than Banks -- Update
m Too many beards spoil the broth
m $1 billion worth of brain scans ordered for headache sufferers in US each year
t Samsung Galaxy Grand 2 vs HTC Desire 400 – Design, Prices, Battery Life  ...
e Courtney Love's Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 conspiracy theories spark slew  ...
t Sony's Playstation Network back online following DDoS service attack
m Researcher pleads not guilty to vaccine breakthrough charges
t Newfound Frozen World Orbits in Binary Star System
e The Associated Press Xxxx Xxxx Xxxx Xxxx
m Nickel in electronic devices could be rash sources
m AIDS Epidemic Can Be Controlled By 2030, UN Says; Success Doesn't Require  ...
b Thomas Piketty's Impoverished Debate About Inequality -- And Ours
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4: Will it launch big?
m Obesity rates climbing worldwide: The Lancet
b Mulally to end ride at Ford; Fields to take the wheel
e Rob Kardashian pictured 'smoking and necking sizzurp' - as family worry party  ...
e William and Kate pictured with Prince George ahead of tour
t oarfish mexico: Rare oarfish stuns tourists In Mexico
e Celebrated author Farley Mowat dead at 92
b Marissa Mayer's Secret Plan to Get Apple to Dump Google and Default to Yahoo  ...
b $A still higher after Fed meeting
t Microsoft cuts OneDrive prices, increases capacity
t Video: The Ford Mustang turns 50 today
e 'Breaking Bad' scores again at Emmy Awards
e Morrissey has cancelled the remainder of his US tour after collapsing and being  ...
e Lea Michele Remembers Cory Monteith's 'Beautiful Smile' On His Birthday
b Economy will continue its slow growth, says OECD
m US experts join battle against MERS
b Bitter End: Crumbs Cupcake Shop Calls It Quits
e Kim Kardashian's Opinion-Dividing Leather Skirt
e Rob Kardashian: Does He Have A Drug Problem?
t Greenland Is Literally Melting
t City-killer asteroids might be more likely than previously believed
b Ryanair unveils long-promised fare for business travellers
e Director, 2 more indicted in fatal Ga. train crash on Gregg Allman film set
t Adobe Voice for iPad Simplifies Video Presentations
t The FCC is Hell-Bent to Regulate the Internet
b Whole Foods Gets Splintered After Earnings 'Reset'
e Boos, bad reviews at Cannes for Atom Egoyan's new film
b JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon has cancer
t John Oliver's net neutrality piece crashes FCC comment system
t Xbox One July update brings help for Achievements and 'Likes' on recordings
m Guinea's Ebola Outbreak: 'There Are Far Worse Diseases Out There'
m Health rankings broken down by county
b WRAPUP 6-US economy back on track with strong second-quarter rebound
t HP Launches Helion, Invests $1B in Open-Source Cloud Tech
b Hawks' Lockette, 49ers' Kaepernick investigated for 'suspicious incident'
t Why we do (and don't) like Facebook's Messenger app
t Lytro's New Professional-Grade, Light Field Camera Will Blow Your Mind
b Chinese families demand more information on missing plane
b WRAPUP 5-French satellite image also shows possible plane debris
e 2014 James Beard restaurant and chef award winners
e Edgar Wright no longer directing `Ant-Man'
e Nick Viall: I'm "Very Sorry" For Humiliating Andi Dorfman When I Said We "Made  ...
e Pam Anderson: 'I Was Molested At Age 6, Raped At 12 And Gang Raped In My  ...
e Kimye face France wedding dilemma
e Pharrell Williams to Replace Coach Cee Lo Green on 'The Voice'
e X-Men Director Bryan Singer Faces Abuse Accusations, Accuser To Hold Press  ...
e Lawyer Reveals What Caused Brittny Gastineau's Horrible Black Eye The  ...
m Government warns against travel to Nigeria amid Ebola outbreak
e Mellie Grant Is The Unsung Antihero Of 'Scandal'
t French company makes surprise bid for T-Mobile stake
e Dutch teen arrested after tweet threatens American Airlines
m Vitamin D cuts blood pressure and sunshine is the BEST way to get your daily  ...
m Researchers: Mammogram choices should be individualized
e Eminem Apologizes to His Mother in New Video
b Statistics : 1.04 pct yoy inflation rate in March
b More about negative equity in Minnesota
t Google's new tablet will capture 3D images: Report
e Kris Jenner Thinks Rob Kardashian Needs Help, Plans to Stage Intervention
b Sprint, T-Mobile Near Acquisition Deal
b Oracle Officially Buys Micros Systems
t Skype will translate in real time by the end of the year
m Teen Behavior 1
b Report Ranks Domestic Airlines
m Many combat veterans use prescription narcotics
e 'The Bachelorette' Season 10 (2014) Name of the Winner Leaked Ahead of the  ...
b Netflix Jumps on Earnings; Ford Taps Next CEO
e Jennifer Lawrence Doesn't Look So Worried Over Lindsay Lohan's Accusation  ...
b Netflix opposes Comcast-TWC merger
b Credit Suisse Said Near U.S. Tax Deal for Over $1 Billion
b Hedge Funds Lowered Bullish Bets on Gold
e Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Mobile Game Sweepstakes
b 3 Biotechs Worthy of a Stanley Cup
e Sites We Like
e 'DWTS' Elimination Shocking? Candace Safe, Charlie Voted Off And Other  ...
t Obama Authorizes NSA to Use Security Faults in internet
t Rare alignment: Mars, Earth, sun to line up Tuesday
t Once more into the breach: What eBay buyers and sellers need to know
t 200m computers vulnerable as Microsoft pulls plug on Windows XP
b Valeant's offer to buy maker of Botox put at $45.6 billion
b Google Tops This List Of Companies That Offer The Best Pay And Perks
e Lindsay Lohan Upset by Friends' Reaction to OWN Reality Show
t Apple partners IBM for enterprise push via made-for-business apps for iOS
t OS X Yosemite Beta Can Capture Video Straight From Your iPhone's Screen
t How to: Root Samsung Galaxy S5
e 'Muppets Most Wanted': The Reviews Are In
t Tesla and Panasonic partner up to build lithium-ion battery gigafactory
m Endocyte Drug Slows Lung Cancer Progression
t UPDATE 1-Threat from global warming heightened in latest UN report
e Angelina Jolie made an honorary dame by Queen Elizabeth
b Dublin online gambling company comes up trumps after €3.6bn sale
e Transcendence: Man, machine and moral science
t Tibetans' Genetic Edge Didn't Come From Homo Sapiens
e That terrible 'True Blood' finale: What went wrong?
b Shareholders demand Duke coal ash probe
e Dianne Sawyer Stepping Down From World News, Muir Promoted
b Here Come Bank Of America Earnings
b In six more European countries Netflix
e NY Times' Maureen Dowd describes 'paranoid' pot freak out: 'I became  ...
e Report: Mila Kunis Is Pregnant
t Calling all phone geeks: expect less 'wow factor' in devices, Samsung says
e Kim Kardashian & Kanye West's Irish Honeymoon: Castles, Picnics & More
b Burger King buys Tim Hortons for $11 billion
t The BatteryBox promises to double your MacBook Air's battery life
b BofA Reaches $950 Million Deal on FGIC-Backed Bonds
e Alexa Ray Joel Diagnosed With Vasovagal Syncope After Collapsing Onstage
e Actress Ann B. Davis made trips back home
t This Excellent Apple Stock News Means "Microsoft Had Better Watch Out"
t Rare, Nearly Complete T. Rex Skeleton Joins Smithsonian's Dinosaur Fossil  ...
e Netflix all but accuses Comcast of outright extortion
e 'Firing Massacre' on ABC's 'The View': Report
m Health Organization: Pollution Kills 7M Each Year
e Nic Pizzolatto Says 'True Detective' Season Two Will Have 3 Leads, Explore  ...
b US home price gains slowed in May
t Rover distance record: Mars rover Opportunity breaks space exploration record  ...
m Remote-controlled...birth control?
b BNP Paribas fine: Investors lose dividend but bonuses will be paid
t iOS devices are being held hostage by hackers down under
m Have an itchy rash? Your iPad may be the reason why
t The Google Glass Day of Judgment
b Stockman Intros Bill Taxing Bitcoin As Currency, Not Property
e 'Most offensive tweet of all time' is from....
t General Motors Investigates Recall
e Tila Tequila pregnant: Reality star reveals news on Facebook
e Great Easter Vigil Sunday At St. Francis Of Assisi Episcopal
t GM recalls 33000 Chevy Cruzes over faulty Takata airbags
e Stones fans gutted tour may be cancelled
b Gold future drops below USD 1300
b Nissan profit beats estimates as deliveries rise in China, US
t eBay urges users to change passwords after breach
m Baby Gorilla Born in Rare C-section
b China's Alibaba revenues up as landmark IPO draws near
e Ice Bucket Challenge game changer: Matt Damon dumps toilet water on his head
b US economy: Jobless claims tumble to near seven-year low
b Rana Plaza factory disaster anniversary marked by protests
b Dollar slides to session lows in light trade
t Fossil's 21-foot wingspan shows Pelagornis was largest flying bird
t How did mini-planet get there?
e Selena Gomez & Justin Bieber Working On Duet Says Source ...
m Flash flood watch in effect for Long Island until 10 p.m. Friday; rip currents also a  ...
e Coldplay's Chris Martin dedicates 'Fix You' to Mick Jagger
t Soft Robotic Fish Represent Future of Robotics; MIT Scientist: 'We're Excited For  ...
b Toyota, US may reach settlement
e Adam Sandler flops with family comedy Blended: review
e “Game of Thrones” recap: “Do you love me?”
e Magic School Bus Is Back! Netflix Orders Reboot of Classic TV Show
b Indians' money in Swiss banks rise to over ₹14000 cr
m Polio declared health emergency by WHO
b Orlando-area gas prices expected to tick upward
b Stocks: S&P 500 closes at all-time high
e Cast of upcoming 'Star Wars: Episode VII' finally declared
e GAME OF THRONES Heading to the Big Screen?
e 'The Voice': Gwen Stefani replaces Christina Aguilera?
b Wal-Mart to accept video game trade-ins in stores
t April Fools' Day: Google Naps, Cheetos perfume and more of 2014's best pranks
e Brad Pitt leads the troops in new "Fury" trailer
t Heartbleed Causing More Heartburn for OpenSSL & Site Owners
e J.K. Rowling Just Published A New Harry Potter Story & Everyone Is Freaking  ...
t Motorola Xplay 6.3in phablet rumoured for Q3 2014 launch
e Game of Thrones Ep. 3 recap: Joffrey whodunit, march on Meereen
e Chris Rock Dares to Defend Donald Sterling at BET Awards
b Europe's taxi drivers protest against unlicensed car services
t iPhone 5s Is Still The Most Popular Handset In US Smartphone Market
e Photos Of The Best Cosplay From San Diego Comic-Con 2014
m Lucid dreaming: Zap to the brain could help control dreams
b SunTrust Mortgage Inc. to provide $479000 in relief to Idaho homeowners
e Ben Affleck caught counting cards
b Euro Zone Not Entirely Out Of Danger, Says ECB's Constancio
t Climate change must be tackled now for future of the planet
e What kind of man wears a diamond engagement ring?
e Floyd Mayweather Explains His Las Vegas Altercation With T.I.
b UPDATE 1-China anti-graft watchdog visits Roche amid pharma crackdown
m Air Pollution Killed Seven Million People In 2012 WHO
t First Images of Destination Comet Taken by Rosetta Spacecraft
m Ebola outbreak: US Peace Corps evacuates, Liberia closes schools
b Juniper's Q1 Hints at Next Steps in Op Plan
e Don's soul is in the balance as 'Mad Men' returns
e Goodbye Archie Andrews: Archie Comics to kill off the beloved timeless character
e square kimye
t Motorola launches 'not-so-dumb' Moto E, $200 smartphone with LTE
e North Korea calls Seth Rogen movie 'undisguised terrorism'
t Microsoft layoffs: 5 things to know
b VW to keep adding Chinese capacity amid double-digit growth
e The drunkard's dream of powdered alcohol will have to wait
e Miley Cyrus, Bangerz tour, O2 Arena, review: bottom-shaking pop trash
b Weibo shares pop 30% in IPO
e 'Bad Words' speaks volumes from beginning to end
b French satellite images back MH370 Indian Ocean theory
t New Method of USB-Hacking Will Permanently Destroy Computers
e TECH STOCKS: Apple, Facebook, Amazon Off As Techs Retreat
e Kim Kardashian Wedding Dress Revealed!
m A 5-Minute Run May Reduce Risk Of Death
t Court reverses conviction of man in iPad data case
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West are married!
t Apple, Google And More Back Anti-Theft 'Kill-Switch' For Smartphones
t On the head! PERFORM develops Goal.com Google Glassware
m Alabama has 4 more possible cases of mosquito-borne virus found in Caribbean
e 'The Expendables 3′ Cast Wants to 'Bring Back Our Girls'
b What is Golden Gate Capital and why is it eating Red Lobster for $2.1 billion?
b Mt. Gox update lets users see their Bitcoin balances
t Apple and IBM forge landmark partnership, to bring business apps iPhone, iPad
e 'It's True!': Gwen Stefani Is Joining Pharrell Williams On The Voice US
e RECAP: Mad Men Watch: “Waterloo”
m Message from Their Excellencies the Right Honourable David Johnston  ...
e Supreme Court debates Internet television case
m US health care system ranks last, lags behind developed nations
e Jack is Back on the 24: Live Another Day Poster
e Brooks Wheelan says he is fired from 'Saturday Night Live'
t How can Apple avoid another iPhone 5c?
e Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Gets First Full Trailer
b One Third of Vince McMahon's Fortune Lost in a Day
t Adobe Voice lands on iPad taking storytelling to the next level
e The Game Of Thrones Cast Decrees Brutal Punishments For Spoilers
e See Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's First Photos as a Married Couple!
m Selfless Snaps: Inspired By Ryan's Mom, Macklemore & Ryan Lewis Launch HIV  ...
e Weekend Box Office: Party Over, Oops Out of Time
t The Talker: You can buy Google Glass today
b Mobile chat app Line and web services disrupted in China
t WWE Network Hits 700000 Subscribers
m Public smoking bans linked with rapid fall in preterm births and child hospital  ...
t Facebook launches Snapchat rival Slingshot
e '24,' 'Louie' return; 'CSI' ends season
t US Cellular Rolls Out Android 4.4.2 KitKat For Galaxy S4 Mini
t Report: Microsoft shoveling more dirt onto Windows 8.1 with 'Threshold'
e Remembering Mickey Rooney on 'Today'
e Pitbull, Jennifer Lopez & Cláudia Leitte – We Are One (Ole Ola) | New Music
m IMPORTED PET JERKY TREATS NOW LINKED TO MORE THAN 1000 DOG  ...
e Islamabad literati on Marquez
b Industry Briefs
e Game of Thrones Movie: Coming Soon?
e Economy improving, but polls for Obama are not
t AAON reactivates stock buyback plan
e Lessons from My Mother -- As a Mixtape
m United Nations agencies report steady progress in saving mothers' lives
t Google Fit health tracking platform set to take on Apple's HealthKit
e Kim Kardashian Wakes Up, Shows Off ENORMOUS Engagement Ring
e How I Met Your Mother Finale: Most Romantic quotes by Ted Mosby and Fans  ...
b In Brief: Family Dollar to close 370 stores
e Everything to Know About the Actor Who Plays Joffrey on Game of Thrones
e Lindsay Lohan List Of Men is Real: OWN Reality Star Calls it 'Really Personal  ...
t Watch Dogs On Xbox 360: Objects In Distance Look Like They Are From A PS2  ...
e Lindsay Lohan docu-series NOT cancelled by OWN
m Vaginas and noses can be grown from cells, studies find
t T-Mobile Ending Overage Fees in May
e 10 citations issued at Denver marijuana festival
t Apple Argues that Samsung has made the Corporate Decision to Keep on  ...
e Thank you, Barbara!
b Philips warns of challenging year
t Facebook Rolls Out New Changes to Prevent Accidental Over-Sharing
e Frank Darabont could direct 'Snow White and the Hunstman' spin-off
t Ringed asteroid: Astronomers discover a novelty
b Steady job growth boosts U.S. consumer confidence
b 7 Things To Look For In King Digital's First Earnings Report
b Pimco Total Return Fund Suffers 14th Month Of Outflows
t PS4's The Last of Us could be discounted for PS3 game owners
e The King Lives! Listen To An Exclusive Stream Of Michael Jackson's New Track  ...
b Gold Climbs First Time in Three Days on India Demand Speculation
b U.S. Construction Spending Inches Up 0.1% In May, Less Than Expected
e Zara apologizes for kids' shirt resembling Holocaust prisoner outfit
e KimYe Overload? Kim Kardashian Buys Up Every Copy Of Her Vogue Cover  ...
b Gold slips before Fed meeting, platinum flat
e Peaches Geldof funeral set for Easter Monday
b Australian PM: Signals fading, 'very confident' they are from MH370
b Barnes & Noble CEO Huseby Sees Value in Nook Spinoff
e 9 acrobats seriously injured in circus fall
e Colin Firth Announces 'Conscious Uncoupling' With 'Paddington'
e Watch Affleck In The First Gone Girl Trailer
e America Ferreraâ€™s â€˜How To Train Your Dragon 2â€™ Receives High  ...
m Stores affected by ground beef recall in 10 states, includes GFS in Indiana
e Neil Young's Pono Player High Fidelity MP3 Player To Retail For $399
b Wall Street Tumbles as Techs Hit
b Today's Stock market Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, Nasdaq, S&P 500  ...
b SunTrust in $320 mln settlement of US criminal mortgage probe
t Facebook's plan to deliver internet everywhere involves drones, lasers, and  ...
m Hendrick ranks California as 1 of toughest defeats
e Dancing with the Stars 2014 Spoilers: Donny Osmond Guest Judge!
b Bank Of America In Settlement Talks With US Justice Dept.
e Your guide to Coachella | USA NOW
b Duke Energy Ranks Top 10 In Solar Generation, Twice
b Housebuilders struggle amid interest rate rise
b Another GM recall: 1.18M SUVs for air bag issue - FOX Carolina 21
t Mongol Empire Rode Wave of Mild Climate, Says Study
t Mario Kart 8 Glides Off Shelves, Nintendo Still Loses Money
e Grace Dent on TV: Game of Thrones has jumped the shark
e NWA biopic casts Ice Cube, Dr Dre and Eazy-E roles
t iPad 4 With Lightning to Make Return Tomorrow and Replace iPad 2?
e Chris Evans smelled trouble on the 'Captain America' set, and it was his suit
e Zac Efron Causes Commotion at Comedy Club
t PlayStation 4 Update 1.70 to Add SHAREfactory, Remove HDCP
m California woman in coma gives birth to baby boy
m Seven+ daily portions of fruit and veg 'best chance to stave off death from any  ...
m How Big Tobacco Could Affect the Legal Marijuana Business
b The end: Disaster-struck Malaysia Airlines to change name, says report
t GM to compensate victims unfortunate enough to drive GM cars
m Fitbit Now Faces a Class-Action Suit in Rash Fallout
b Bank keeps interest rates on hold - for now
e Wayne Knight Confirms That He Is Not Dead
e DreamWorks Animation mixing fan favorites like 'Shrek' with newbies in  ...
e Rob Kardashian Skips Sister Kim's Wedding to Kanye West over Weight Feud
b $55B combo with Shire to slash AbbVie's tax rate
e So Blue Ivy just stole theshow from Beyonce and Jay Z atthe VMAs
e What Critics Are Saying About Sharknado 2: The Second One
m UN agency urges greater national action to curb alcohol-related deaths, diseases
b Argentina's Griesafault
t Iceland lowers volcanic air traffic alert
b International markets roundup
t Google Self-Driving Cars: City Streets Now Supported, Find Out Which Cities  ...
e Harper Lee says she didn't authorize new memoir about her life
m 2014-04-24T17:20:06Z Business HighlightsThe Associated Press The  ...
t Samsung Galaxy Core vs Samsung Galaxy Grand Duos – Price and Specs  ...
e Five years after his death, Michael Jackson is still the King of Pop
b Why Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Stock Is Up Today
e Billy Bob Thornton Stars in 'Fargo' Adaptation
t Rdio, Vudu and Crackle officially add support for Chromecast
e Conscious uncoupling: Gwyneth Paltrow's split from Chris Martin
e The Bachelorette Recap: Who Did Andi Bone?
b CHART OF THE DAY: CYNK Is More Valuable Than Spotify And AOL
e Cronenberg brings the Hollywood Gothic – Maps To The Stars trailer
t Google Nexus 6 Preview – Rumored Specs
e Bradley Cooper a 'master manipulator,' says ex Jennifer Esposito
t Apple launches sustainability ad push – but can't resist taking a dig at rivals
e Sherri Shepherd and Jenny McCarthy Exit The View After Barbara Walters  ...
e Mila Kunis reportedly pregnant
m Baines backs #DementiaFriends campaign – You should too
b Capital One Publishes Higher Mortgage Interest Rates on March 19, 2014
e Tammy Review: Melissa McCarthy Plays it Safe
b JPMorgan CEO diagnosed with throat cancer
e Nas "Time Is Illmatic" Screening Attended By Robert De Niro & Raekwon, Among  ...
b Hewlett-Packard Earnings Out Early, the Turnaround Remains Elusive  ...
t With Android One and Silver in pipeline, is Google planning to ditch Nexus  ...
b Emerging economies holding back global recovery, OECD says
b Top cement makers in merger talks
e Bryan Cranston brings back Walter White to help 'promposal'
e See a Seductive Kristen Stewart in the 'Clouds of Sils Maria' Trailer
t Scientists Discover Ancient, Four-Eyed Daddy Longlegs
e Brad Paisley takes selfie with Westboro protesters
b Qatari royal family linked with Deutsche Bank shares deal
e Designing Women's Meshach Taylor dies
m High Cholesterol to Blame for Infertility?
b COMEX MORNING – Copper drifts in light trading; Draghi comments in focus
e Sarawak celebrates Good Friday, Easter Sunday
t Apple's big IPhones said to start production next month
e Here Is a Video of Leonardo DiCaprio Dancing Wildly at Coachella
b New Health Secretary to Confront ACA Hurdles
m Fruits, vegetables may lower stroke risk: study
b Update: General Electric Wants To Sell Its White (Elephant) Goods Business (GE)
e Lea Michele 'Left Town For Cory Death Anniversary'
b Existing home sales rise in April for first time this year
e Khloé Kardashian 'adores' rapper French Montana
b Delaware in gridlock as engineers shut I-495 bridge over tilting pillars
t Chrysler's US sales jump 17% in May
e Star Wars Spin-Offs: Godzilla Director Gareth Edwards to Helm First Stand-Alone  ...
e Corvette museum sinkhole is tourist draw, will stay
e Movie review: 'Begin Again'
m Oscar Trial: Lin's testimony challenged
b Forbes finds a new investment partner, to keep majority
e Business Highlights
t Google aims to bust Google Glass myths
e Rosie O'Donnell blasts Lindsay Lohan's show
e Bloody Good
b 10.7 Billion trips taken on transit in America last year, the most since 1956
e Avengers 2 'Age of Ultron': Elizabeth Olsen Says She's 'Terrified' to Say Anything  ...
e Harrison Ford Sent to London Hospital
e Cornerstone Church
e Kristen Bell, Dax Shepard expecting baby No. 2
t Apple and Samsung courtroom mud slinging continues as new patent trial opens
t Climate Change: Growing Threat
e Hollywood legend Mickey Rooney dies aged 93
e 'Star Wars': 'Godzilla's' Gareth Edwards to direct standalone film
b US Private-Sector Hiring Surges
e George RR Martin responds to THAT scene in this week's GoT
e Weird Al Yankovic on Arcade Fire, Robin Thicke, Prince and 'Mandatory Fun'
b Ex-SAC Capital trader gets prison sentence
t Senate panel sets April 2 hearing on GM auto recalls
t Google testing self-driving cars on city streets
m California governor signs measure repealing glove requirement for restaurant  ...
b Taxicab Drivers Protest 'Bandit' Car Services
b Stocks fall in Argentina as country enters default - WSLS 10 NBC in Roanoke  ...
t CCI slaps Rs 1 crore fine on Google
b LinkedIn's user base crosses 300 million mark
e Internet rejoices over Star Wars, um, clapboard pic
b West disappoints Moscow by refusing to support UNSC resolution on Russian  ...
e Notable deaths: Iconic Hollywood great; Obama's aunt; WWE superstar
m Wireless energy powers pacemaker in live rabbit
e Coachella '14 Saturday's Breakout Artists: Future Islands, Chvrches, Warpaint  ...
b How long should I keep old tax records?
e What Killed Peaches Geldof?
b Microsoft pegs Surface tablet revenue for Q3 at $500 Million
e 'Glee' Episode 5.12 Songs: Listen to 5 Remixes from 100th Episode
b WWE Boss Loses Fight for TV Fees
t Apple partners with IBM on mobile devices for business
b O'Malley urges residents to sign up for Obamacare
e Did Macklemore dress up as an anti-Semitic stereotype?
t Microsoft extends Windows 8.1 update requirement by 30 days
t Fears Of Exploding Airbags: Major Car Recall
b Dunkin' Donuts Kicks Off "Ultimate Liverpool FC Fan Experience Sweepstakes"
e Scientists Intrigued by Art Underneath Picasso's 'The Blue Room'
t New rule requires rearview cameras in new vehicles in 2018
e Paul McCartney Forced To Cancel Japanese Tour
t Today in the News: Homeland Security warns against using Internet Explorer
b Will a simplified U.S. tax code boost economy?
t Google I/O Conference Recap
e Kim Kardashian Meeting with President Obama Doesn't Go All That Well
m Active Surveillance Is No Threat to Prostate Cancer Cure—So Far
m Swelling CO2 Cuts Nutrition in Food
t Valve's still iterating on the Steam Machine controller, release window pushed to  ...
e Time is Illmatic: Tribeca Review
e WATCH: Bear Saves Cub From Highway
t Daddy longlegs once had 4 eyes
e Check Out Sinead O'Connor's Amazing Glam Makeover
t Bald eagle egg hatches in Pittsburgh, mommy eagle incubates two more
b Alibaba leads $280 million investment in Tango as interest in mobile messaging  ...
e Cannes Competition blog: Saint Laurent, fashion victim
m Skin cancer rates skyrocket since 1970s
e Kim Kardashian, Kendall and Kris Jenner arrive at LAX as they jet off to Ibiza
t Several iPhones Have Been Hacked, Locked and Held for Ransom
b EDITORIAL: Last chance to meet the ACA deadline
t CTIA-The Wireless Association?? and Participating Wireless Companies  ...
e Mariah Carey keeps smiling
e Muir replacing Sawyer at ABC's 'World News'
m VIDEO: Moldy Recalled Chobani Yogurt Could Be Harmful To Consumers
e Angelina Jolie, Daniel Day-Lewis awarded honours by Queen Elizabeth II
e Lindsay Lohan Enjoyed Three Lap Dances From A Sexy Stripper, But The  ...
t Auto industry breaks annual recall record
b Is Credit Suisse Really in Jail?
m No Evidence Fatty Acid Guidelines Cut Coronary Risk
b Search for Malaysian jet grows
t GM Recalls Approximately 3.2 Million Cars for Key Defect
e Videos: Andrew Garfield, Emma Stone, Jack Bauer & Chris Martin Star On  ...
e Weird Al Wows the Web With Two New Songs
b Apple in talks to buy Dr. Dre's Beats for $3.2 billion
t OnePlus One launch date set for April 23
e Khloe Kardashian Celebrates Her Birthday at TAO
e Angelina Jolie never expected love and children
t Matt's World Of Weather: Meteor Shower TONIGHT!
e Pink Floyd's First Album in 20 Years Due in October
b BES warns of possible legal breaches, vows to raise capital
t Samsung Galaxy S5 dogged by camera issue...right after it picked on iPhone 5s
t A conflict for Penn men at the Comcast hearing?
b Eurozone money supply slips a tad in April
b Flickr, OneDrive and messaging apps face disruptions in China
m Japanese scientist urges withdrawal of own 'breakthrough' stem cell research
m Boozing Kiwis buck global trend
b Google, IBM earnings send US stocks lower
e Gwyneth Paltrow And Chris Martin Fans Are 'Done With Life' After Split
b European shares gain, Asia remains lackluster
e Expect More Movies "Inspired" by Toys, Candy, and Theme Park Rides
e Review: 'The Other Woman' has zip but little else
m Saudi Arabia has 113 more MERS cases than previously thought
b That's the way the cupcake craze crumbles
t Child taken to hospital after being hit by car in Atlantic City
m Analysts blame cheap food for US obesity
b Alaska ad proudly ties Begich to 'Obamacare'
e Justin Bieber on 2 years probation; Miley Cyrus' secret affair revealed
m Two Filipinos die of MERS virus in Middle East: Gov't
e Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt Don't Want Kids to Act
b Stock market rises on merger news - KTVN Channel 2 - Reno Tahoe News  ...
t Facebook to display less "click-bait"
t State of Social 1Q14: Facebook Second-Largest Country in the World, 4 Out of 5  ...
t Nintendo to Release New Hardware in Emerging Markets in 2015
e Lindsay Lohan Confesses She Suffered Miscarriage On OWN Reality Show
b Turkey Manufacturing Sector Contracts In June
b 'Moment of Reckoning' for Yahoo CEO
b Minister Says UK Could Intervene Against a Pfizer Move on AstroZeneca
e Kendall Jones: Hunter kills endangered animals? Photo backlash, cheerleader  ...
b The IMF slashes US growth forecast
m National study ranks Spartanburg County 18th healthiest in SC
e Actress, civil rights activist Ruby Dee dies
m Democrats Raise Questions on High Cost of Gilead's Hepatitis Drug
t Latest iPhone 6 Rumors
b May 6, 2014, 2:30 pmYahoo7 Finance
t ET game dig reveals start of Atari collapse
t Samsung Unveils 4 New Budget KitKat 4.4 Galaxy Smartphones
e Kim Kardashian's wedding kountdown: how can she even make a wedding so  ...
t Apple Resets Clock as Investors Await Next Big Thing
e Lindsay Lohan's Famous Lover List Exposed, More A-List Lovers: Orlando  ...
m Rising carbon dioxide will rob staple crops of nutrients
m 1 in 25 patients gets infection in hospital
t Samsung Galaxy F (S5 Prime) Release Date Aug. 13 With 'Alpha' Name: Rumors
b Consumer-confidence index rises in March
e Female Thor
t Ex-Microsoft employee arrested by FBI, charged with leaking trade secrets
e Will Amazon's streaming music service launch today?
t 'Where Are the Limits?' What Users Are Saying About Facebook's News Feed  ...
e Dawn of the Planet of the Apes and Rise of the Planet of the Apes: The Art of the  ...
b Rescue teams disappointed, Malaysia Airlines MH370 latest 'ping' not from  ...
b Stocks drift as traders await key economic news
e Prince George Of Cambridge Walks At Prince William's Polo Match; See  ...
e Singer Ciara welcomes baby boy Future with fiancé
t Super fast growth of Space Station cherry tree amazes all
t Apple launches revamped iTunes Festival channel on Apple TV, and other news  ...
t Facebook picks up iOS and Android fitness tracking app Moves
t iPhone 6 Release Date Rumors: Leaked Photos Strongly Suggest 4.7-Inch  ...
b Valeant sweetens takeover bid for Allergan to $50bln; sells skincare treatments  ...
t Egyptian Pyramids, Empire State Building and More Iconic Landmarks Turn  ...
e Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin spilt after being married for over 10 years
t Starbucks Is at the Forefront of Another Powerful Technology
t Apple lifts lid on new Retina MacBook Pros, spec boost confirmed
e AC/DC Guitarist Young to Take Break as Band Pledges to Play On
t Fossils of giant 'Titanosaur' found in Argentina
b Five things to know about Alibaba
e Box Office Actuals: 'Captain America 2' Comes In a Shade Under Estimates
e Arnold Schwarzenegger Is A Machine Again In 'Terminator 5: Genesis'
b People on low incomes turn to community clinics for ACA advice
t Microsoft Office for iPad Was Unveiled as Rumored
b Fourth Quarter GDP Revision Shows U.S. Economy Continues Sub-Par Recovery
m Raft of events for autism awareness
m Saudi Arabia's $16 billion religious tourism at risk with Mers outbreak
e Peaches Geldof's final TV appearance for Sport Relief just weeks before her  ...
e Gregg Allman sues 'Midnight Rider' producers
m Massachusetts To Ditch Insurance Exchange Site Amid Glitches
m Does Cancer Like Rich People More?
b EBay beefs up US war chest in pursuit of growth
b Snapchat Facebook snub looks smart as Alibaba weighs investment
t UPDATE 2-Google, Viacom settle landmark YouTube lawsuit
t Snowden captivates tech crowd
b News Analysis for the Investor on May 20, 2014
b UPDATE 2-Yum's China rebound dimmed by India, Pizza Hut weakness
m New CDC Campaign Gets People Talking About HIV
e War Has Already Begun In The New Trailer For 'Dawn Of The Planet Of The Apes'
b It's finally here: Amazon unveils the Fire Phone
b HP could axe 16 000 more jobs
t Obama bashed for giving up control of Net
e 'Game of Thrones' Recap: Purple Wedding Has a Finale We've Been Waiting 3  ...
e Behind-The-Scenes Look At 'Maleficent' – Starring Angelina Jolie, Elle Fanning  ...
b The Biggest and the Baddest Get Rich (Again)
b US consumer prices rise 0.4% in May
b Maersk expects P3 to start operations later than expected
t Nest Brings Back The Protect At $99, But Waving Is Still Disabled
e Toby Kebbell to Play Doctor Doom in 'Fantastic Four' Reboot!
t Simulating 13 billion years of the universe
e Game of Thrones: Promo for Episode Five of Season 4
b German Business Confidence Falls More Than Expected in May, Survey Shows
b Amazon.com Price Target Lowered to $430.00 at Macquarie (AMZN)
e Miley Cyrus Goes On Expletive Filled Rant About Liam Hemsworth And Jokes  ...
e Beyonce sings with sister at Coachella
b GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks rise on upbeat US data, euro falls
e WATCH: Mama bear pulls cub to safety off side of highway
e 'The Artist' director follows Oscar hit with war drama
b Marx Redivivus?
e HBO backs tech comedy 'Silicon Valley' for second season
e Marvel Makes Male Thor into Female Superhero
t Indiana vanity plate fight could go to Legislature
b Court Rules For Fracking Bans In New York
e Game of Thrones Season 4: Night's King Spoiler Accidentally Revealed By HBO
e From Shirley's Cottage - 5-8-14 - "I'm Not Your Mother!!"
e Britain makes Angelina Jolie an honourary dame
e Kim Kardashian takes a selfie on a moving BOAT- we hope she gets water in her  ...
b Senate approves Fischer nomination as Fed vice chairman, Brainard and Powell  ...
t US Conference of Mayors to Vote on Resolution to Adopt Natural Solutions to  ...
t Nintendo Slashes Wii U Target Sales and Forecasts Net Loss
b Sullivan & Cromwell acts for BNP Paribas for record $9bn sanctions fine
e Harrison Ford's Injury Halts Star Wars Production For Two Weeks
e 'Sex Tape' Star And Benji Madden's Girlfriend Cameron Diaz Talks Awkward  ...
t Apple to acquire radio streaming service Swell for $30 million
e Is Tom Cruise clandestinely dating fellow Scientologist Laura Prepon?
t Washington Post: Forced to forget
t Google to collaborate with Oakley, Ray-Ban on new Glass eyewear
b P&G earnings rise as it moves to cut lagging brands
b RANKED: The Best Airlines In The United States
e Marvel reveals a Thor for the 21st century!!
t Twitter Tests Profile Redesign for its iOS App
b Can India Go 100% Renewable by 2050?
t eBay did not initially realise customer data compromised in breach: executives
e Box Office: Captain America Retains Top Spot Over Rio 2
b Plastic Bag Fee Proposed in NYC City Council
e Game of Thrones season 4 episode 2 breaks torrent record as more fans watch  ...
b Carl Icahn, eBay make peace, PayPal to stay put
t FTC Charges T-Mobile Made 'Hundreds of Millions of Dollars' in Bogus Charges
t Honda recalls nearly 900000 Odyssey vans
e Divergent's Veronica Roth is a young adult novelist who's actually under 30
b US STOCKS-Wall St rises on Citi earnings, retail sales data
e Game of Thrones latest episode a shocker to all and a celebration for many  ...
m CDC: Illinois resident tests positive for MERS virus
b Huer's Call: Serious chemical reaction to AstraZeneca situation
t Apple's iPod Touch Could Be Made a Whole Lot Better
e 'Mad Men' recap: Flowers and a Funeral
b Web storage provider Box unwraps IPO seeking $250M
e New corporate reality of SXSW angers smaller acts
b US import prices climb 0.6% in March
e Roots act as house band for Minaj
e Destiny's Child Reunites For Michelle Williams' "Say Yes" Music Video: See  ...
b Roundup: S.Korean shares fall on worries about Q2 earnings
t Parts of the world see 'blood Moon' in total lunar eclipse
b Handshakes and protests, Merkel's Greek visit
t Heart Bleed Bug Test: Virus Patch Released as Google, Yahoo Finish 'Repair  ...
e Has Hollywood Forsaken the 4th or Have Audiences Jilted Hollywood?
t Domino's Pizza suffers security breach; hackers demand €30000 ransom
t Despite Improvements, LA Still Has Worst Air Quality In US
e CEO of Dublin City Council hopes Garth Brooks would 'avail of the licence that  ...
b Economic Watch: Industrial Production Rebounds
e Maksim Chmerkovskiy, Meryl Davis Talk Dancing With the Stars Win, Dating  ...
e National 9/11 Museum opens to public, officials explain controversial opening  ...
m Local veterinarian offers stem cell therapy
b Target joins Starbucks and Chipotle, asks customers to leave guns at home
b UPDATE 2-Yellen drives wedge between monetary policy, financial bubbles
t Live @ GDC: 'Driving the Future of Innovation at Sony Computer Entertainment'
t Halo 5: Guardians Announced For 2015
e Elaine Stritch, brash stage legend, dies at 89
e Jimmy Fallon Hits a 3-Week High March 17-21
e Humanitarian-minded cardboard tube guru Shigeru Ban wins 2014 Pritzker Prize
e Gary Oldman Apologizes Again For Defending Mel Gibson & Alec Baldwin
t iPhone 5C 8GB smartphone lands on European Apple Store
t NASA Kepler Space Telescope Discovers Earth-Like Planet
e Bryan Singer accuser won £1.3 million over party 'attack' - report
t West Antarctic ice sheet collapse is now unstoppable
t REUTERS/Fred Prouser
b New Retail SVP Angela Ahrendts Receives Signing Bonus Worth $68 Million
t Microsoft will stop snooping through Hotmail to investigate security leaks
t Climate change to disrupt food supplies, brake growth: UN report
t GM recalls more vehicles for transmission problems
b Data Lift Wall Street, S&P Hits New Record
t OKCupid Reveals 'Bad Date' Experiments
m Caught on camera: Man collapses at bar and has wallet taken from pocket
t BlackBerry Ltd CEO: Android KNOX Not Secure 'Enough'
b Is Apple (AAPL) Poised to Beat Earnings Estimates? - Analyst Blog
b Honda's quarterly profit up on Asian sales growth
e Video: Big sister doesn't want baby brother to grow up
e Avril Lavigne's New Video Is a Monstrosity
e Weird Al Flips The Script On “Blurred Lines,” Teaches Grammar In “Word Crimes”
t Heartbleed bug spreads beyond Web servers, could leave email, firewalls and  ...
t Microsoft cuts Surface 2 prices by $100
e Renowned Radio Host and Voice Actor, Casey Kasem, Dies at 82
e What Is Hello Kitty If Not A Cat? Twitter Reacts To Japanese Character Being A Girl
b Wall Street near flat as deal news offsets data
e Website reports star of Archie comics to be killed off
e The 'Caged Bird' flies away: Maya Angelou dies at 86
b Occupy Central has support … but it's hardly a majority
b Microsoft unvelils Office for iPad
b UPDATE 2-Sth Korea's Kakao to take over Daum via $3.3 bln back door listing
m West Nile Virus spreads to New York and Nebraska
m Health officials urge West Nile Virus precautions
b Sunset Boulevard floods as burst water pipe in LA causes water to shoot 20 feet  ...
t Microsoft's takedown of No-IP pushes innocents into the crossfire
e Oscars 'Night Before' Party Pulled from Beverly Hills Hotel Over Brunei's New  ...
b Disney 2
t First man-made 'living materials' created in lab
t AAA Mich.: Gas Prices Fall 1 Cent During Past Week
b GBP/USD jumps briefly to daily highs at 1.6520
e Judd Apatow says LeBron James has accepted a role in his new movie
t Lost snake species found in Mexico
e Kim Kardashian Wears Plunging White Dress Ahead Of What Sounds Like  ...
b Procter & Gamble 4Q profit climbs, helped in part by lower expenses
m HIV infections decreasing, epidemic could be contained by 2030
b Eighteen military aircraft worth $250 million lost in war zone
t Chromebook buyers were promised two years of free Verizon data, only got one
t White House report: Climate change is the new reality
m Rising CO2 levels also make our food less nutritious
e Jonathan Groff and Lucy Liu Announce Nominees for 68th Annual Tony Awards  ...
m Guinea races to contain spreading deadly Ebola epidemic
m Delicious news: Your sweet tooth could help those with an artery disease
e Mila Kunis Confirms She and Ashton Kutcher Are Expecting
b Spain's Gowex to file for bankruptcy
t Don't get sentimental: End of Windows XP era could put personal information at  ...
m Medical marijuana caregivers, research guidelines considered by Colorado  ...
b Given a chance to vote, American Eagle Airlines pilots reject contract
b NTSB faults pilot 'mismanagement' in Asiana flight - FOX Carolina 21
b Health insurers report 80 percent of signees are paying their premiums
e Stephen Colbert pays visit to show he'll take over from David Letterman, says  ...
b Mortgage Home Loan Rates Remained Unchanged at Capital One on March 20  ...
t Mozilla lobbies FCC to reform net neutrality
e Coachella is being live streamed on YouTube, watch Weekend 1 on your  ...
b Lilly slapped with $3 billion penalty over diabetes drug, cancer risk
t Twitter suspends TweetDeck over XSS security flaw
e Courtney Love joining 'Sons of Anarchy'
m Study: Married Couples Have Fewer Heart Problems
t Facebook, emotion, manipulation study
t Facebook promises less junk in your news feed
t Global warming worsens food, hunger problems, UN panel says
e Seth Rogen, James Franco Do Another Kanye Spoof
e Sara Evans Is Back With New Music — and a Blog!
b Tanink Ghana Takes Delivery Of Latest Jeep, Dodge And Chrysler Vehicles
t OpenSSL Heartbleed bug leaves tech community in tatters
e Woody Allen's 'Magic In The Moonlight' Trailer [VIDEO]
t FTC: T-Mobile made millions in bogus charges
b Wal-Mart unveils money-transfer service
m West Nile Virus Hidden in Mosquito Bites
b Nasdaq drops 3% in worst day since November 2011
m Fed Up documentary claims it's sugar causing massive rates of obesity
e Emma Stone Joins Woody Allen's Next Film
b Is BlackBerry Showing Signs of Life?
e Coachella 2014: day two, review – Pharrell Williams, Solange and Lorde
e Macklemore apologises over controversial stage costume
b Katsuyama's Stock Exchange A Rallying Point For HFT Outrage
b Daimler tests self-driving truck with 2025 production goal
e Cannes: Lineup Has Few Surprises, Big Canadian Presence …
b SanDisk Purchase Of Fusion-io Speeds Enterprise Shift
b Posted by Imaduddin
e Watch Beyonce Own the VMAs With Her 16-Minute Medley
e 'The Other Woman' Box Office Hit Or Miss? After Reviews Pan Leslie Mann And  ...
e Robin Thicke Tormented By Paula Patton Split: 'How Am I Going To Move On'?
t Graco Agrees to Recall about 1.9 Million Rear-Facing Infant Seats for Faulty  ...
e Guilty Harris faces losing his honours
t iOS 8: Will Your iPhone, iPad Or iPod Support The New OS?
t K Zoom is the First impressions Samsung Galaxy
t U.S. senator seeks answers from NHTSA on GM recalls
e A brief history of the alternate histories of the X-Men
t 'Biggest dinosaur ever' discovered in Argentina
e Kate Middleton Re-Wears a Festive White Dress for Her Wimbledon Debut
b Mt.Gox Legal Battle Heating Up
b Embattled BlackBerry beats expectations in the first quarter as company cuts  ...
b Mystery solved? US-registered plane in Iran owned by Ghana firm
t Android 4.1.1 Still Vulnerable to Heartbleed
t Twitter Embraces Photo-Tagging; Upload 4 Photos In A Single Tweet
e 'Noah' Movie review: As promised, it's not a Biblical movie, but worse – it's not a  ...
t Google Earnings Preview: Expect A Beat
e 'The Voice' Season 6: Josh Kaufman, Indiana native, wins it for Team Usher
t Fears Japan may find loopholes in whaling ruling
m Health department assures Cordillera is MERS–CoV free
b Nigeria 'Overtakes' South Africa As Continent's Largest Economy
e Reality TV star 'shot by nephew'
b China ship seizure hikes redress fears
t Ford to offer 50th anniversary Mustang
t Google's Sub-$100 'Android One' Phones Coming First To India
t Amazon's Entry a Threat for Game Developers? - Analyst Blog
m Health: Diet Drinks May Not Be As Bad As Previously Thought
t Nest Learning Thermostat UK differences require assistance
e REVIEW: 'The Realistic Joneses' features Michael C. Hall, Marisa Tomei in dark  ...
m FDA Warns Of Rare, Potentially Dangerous Hypersensitivity To Popular Acne  ...
t Cisco's Intercloud could supercharge its Internet of things plans
e Celebrity News
m State to appeal federal claim for $1.25 billion in Medicaid funds
b US growth slow but steady: IMF
m Filipino health worker who contracted Mers virus dies
e Pippa Middleton on royal wedding: 'We saw it as just a family wedding'
t Cousteau's grandson spends a month under water
e L'Wren Scott leaves estate to Mick Jagger
b General Motors 1Q profit fells 86 percent due to series of recalls
e I Wanna Marry Harry: Watch Season 1 Episode 1 Online
t Apple starts selling the 8GB iPhone 5C in Europe
t Broadcast Nightly News Ignore Landmark FCC Proposal On Net Neutrality
b Spirit 'most-complained about' airline, NJ consumer group says
e Monty Python promise smut and laughs for reunion shows
t Yahoo advertising declines to weigh on revenue
e Angelina Jolie feels mums shouldn't complain about juggling work and family
m Ghana: Quarantined US citizen tested for Ebola
m Medical marijuana rules approved by Illinois committee
m Pistorius trial focuses on screams heard night Steenkamp died
t Apple WWDC 2014 Livestream Confirmed
e Chart-topping songwriter Diane Warren: Hope someone kills that 'cheerleader b  ...
b IMF says Russia is in recession
t Gasoline Prices Dip 3.5¢ to $3.69, Lundberg Reports
e Taoiseach hopes Garth Brooks concerts can be saved
b Brent Oil Erases Iraq Rally With Price Below When Mosul Seized
t Two new anti-theft features added to Samsung Galaxy S5
b Cost rows overshadow safety response to Malaysia jet disappearance 0
e Shia LaBeouf arrested at New York performance of 'Cabaret' - police
e The Associated PressApril 28, 2014 Updated 18 minutes ago
t 'Deep Impact' Asteroids Are Way More Real Than You'd Think
t New internet laws may let US charge more for faster delivery
t Apple, IBM team up on iPhones and iPads for business
e State executes Rousan with little fuss from courts
b Bond Market Week Ahead: Stocks Cheer Steady Course In Monetary Policy, But  ...
b Niederauer departs as CEO of New York Stock Exchange
t The Web we want
b Estimates On Climate Change Cost?
t Acer Liquid Z5 review
e 10 Reasons Why Andrew Garfield Is Our #MCM
t Four 'blood moons' to light up the night sky
t Return of the workhorse
t Valentino Rossi set for shot at a seventh world title
e Neve Campbell on Her Surprise Mad Men Role, Matthew Weiner's 'Super  ...
e Kickstarter campaign for potato salad tops $40000
b British inflation rate falls to 1.6 pct in March
b MH370 relatives stage Beijing march against Malaysia
e Julia Roberts on Sister's Death: 'It's Just Heartbreak'
t Google discloses its (lack of) diversity
e First Offical Shot Of Costumed Henry Cavill In Batman V Superman: Dawn Of  ...
e An Oral History Of Michael Jackson's 'Xscape' Album
b ECB's Noyer: Seems risk of deflation avoided in euro currency zone, inflation  ...
b Do Europeans Really Fear Migrants?
e Lana Del Rey performed for free
b Australia hopeful as more items pulled from sea
b TREASURIES-Yields tumble broadly; 10-year slides to near 11-month low
b Stocks rise ahead of Fed minutes; Dow jumps 100 points
t Samsung Jumps On The Free Trial Bandwagon
t Brazil bandits steal $6.3m of phones, computers : July 08, 2014, 12:53 pm
b Fitch Affirms Taiwan's E.Sun Securities at 'A+(twn)'
b Falling EZ inflation makes it tricky for Draghi
t Google Chromecast launches in UK
t Tesla gives away its patents, hopes other automakers will make fuel-efficient  ...
t CYNTHIA TUCKER: Climate change is the great moral crisis of our time
t 2nd LD Writethru: NASA launches CO2 monitoring satellite
e Mick Jagger's Agony: Rolling Stones Frontman Cancels Australian Concert As It  ...
b Regulator suggests transparency laws for brokers to combat data misuse by  ...
b LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) Implied Volatility High; A Look At Options
b GoPro goes public: Camera maker up 30%
b Yellen, Plosser offer contrasting visions of Fed's role
m Antipsychotics Linked to Less Violent Crime
t The Problem With Google's New Smartwatches Is They Do Too Much
b Reports: Medtronic, Covidien in talks to merge
e Dawn of the Planet of the Apes portraits are scarily human
b Housing Starts, Building Permits Sink In May
b Arizona State Welcomes Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA)
t T-Mobile Intros unRadio, Streaming Music Without Data Charges
e Must Watch: 'The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies' First Trailer
b Burger King Worldwide Inc. (NYSE:BKW) Acquiring Tim Hortons Inc. (USA  ...
t Huawei Ascend P7 Price Is 449 Euros
b IMF lowers estimate of US economic growth in 2014
t New Android and Windows app, Chadder, sends messages encrypted on the  ...
e Time for more celebrities reading mean tweets featuring Emma Stone and Julia  ...
e Teen's passion for hunting big game creates big reaction
t Re/code: Why Apple Is Betting Big on Beats: Hardware for Now, Streaming for  ...
e Miley Cyrus Instagram 2014: 'Adore You' Star Posts Risqué Video on Instagram  ...
e Chris Brown to spend a month in jail after being kicked out of rehab
t Huawei bets on new Ascend P7
b Holiday travelers to spend more on gas
m Most women who have double mastectomy don't need it, UM study finds
b Lubbock police, Gander Mountain reps. say gun safety is a lock
b Puerto Rico Sees an Economic Fix in Tourism
t Google Glass available for purchase to “ordinary” folks for just one day
b Detroit reaches deal with retired police and firefighters
e Blues legend Johnny Winter has died at the age of 70
b Millions Of Consumers Leaving Winter Behind By Traveling This Memorial Day
e Lindsay Lohan Seen Drinking Alcohol at Coachella — Report (VIDEO)
b NYMEX crude oil retains gain in Asia on Iraq tensions
t NASA Curiosity Rover Spots Mysterious Light on Mars' Horizon; Or is it Just a  ...
t New FCC guidelines could undermine net neutrality
b Alibaba to Buy Stake in SingPost to Expand in Southeast Asia
e Jeanine puts Four under simulation in latest 'Divergent' clip
m 3-D Imaging Could Help Detect Breast Cancer
b Dollar Strengthens Against Yen Before Fed Decision; Pound Rises
e VIDEO: OUAT casts Frozen characters, Anna & Kristoff
e Beyonce is 2014's Most Powerful Star, Says Forbes — Who Else Made the  ...
m Ebola Death Toll Hits 600 in West Africa With 68 Ebola Deaths in Four Days Say  ...
b Business Highlights
e NeNe Leakes and Tony Dovolani – Tango – Dancing With The Stars 18 DWTS
e Box office has weakest July 4 in years
t Skype To Get Live Translation
e MTV VMAs 2014: Watch Beyonce tear up as she's joined on stage by Jay Z and  ...
e Behind the scenes on Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's Vogue shoot
e episode 4.3 recap
e Katherine Heigl sues New York pharmacy bosses over Twitter photo
e Girl Power: Marvel Comics Announces First Female Thor
b I-495 bridge closure in Del. closed indefinitely for tilting supports
m Mumps outbreak spreads beyond Ohio State with 56 reported cases
e VIDEO: What Does Julia Roberts Think Of George Clooney's Surprise  ...
e Game of Thrones season 4: The wild wild Westeros
b CAR interviews new Ford CEO Mark Fields (2014)
b Aircraft spot objects in new search area for missing Flight MH370
b Posted by Shoaib-ur-Rehman Siddiqui
t spacewalk to handle urgent repair job
b BlackBerry beats forecasts, posts modest profit
t Google Turns Up The Heat On Amazon
e Tribeca Film Festival Highlights
b China HSBC PMI at four-month peak, but still contracts
b US gas prices holding at higher levels
e COMICS: The Death of Archie Andrews
b San Francisco Banned This Popular Public Parking App
t Apple rumoured to be launching larger version of iPad in 2015
e Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber: Separate 4th of July Celebrations For Couple  ...
t Graco Recalling 1.9 Million Infant Car Seats Over Buckle
b Hillshire Brands to Buy Pinnacle Foods for $4.3 Billion -- 4th Update
b Dutch Arrest Greenpeace Activists for Blocking Oil Rig
b Samsung Says Increased Competition Led to Fallen Q2 Profits
t GM Halts Chevrolet Cruze Sales Due To Faulty Airbags
e Tracy Morgan Improving, Had A 'Better Day' In The Hospital
m Aspirin Should Be Prescribed and Individualized For Daily Use: FDA
e Kate Winslet Explains Baby's Name “Bear Blaze” on Ellen (VIDEO)
m Congo-Kinshasa: Two Ebola Deaths Confirmed in DRC
m Princess Cruise ship illnesses: Another cruise, another outbreak at sea
t Apple working on deal to buy Dr. Dre's 'Beats' for $3.2 billion: Tuned In
e First Look: Jamie Dornan as Christian Grey in 'Fifty Shades of Grey'
b Redskins trademarks canceled by US Patent Office
e Lea Michele & Sons of Anarchy, Jessie J and Kanye West land in our MORNING  ...
e Paul Walker's Brothers Helping Finish 'Fast and Furious 7'
m Blood test could indicate predisposition to suicide
t Saturday Night Live Takes GM's Barra to the Woodshed
b US Existing Home Sales Showed Modest Improvement in April
e Farley Mowat, author of 'The Boat Who Wouldn't Float' has died at age 92
b Amgen Q2 Results Top Estimates; To Cut 2400-2900 Jobs
b Gilead Sciences (GILD): Analyst Comments on Letter from Democratic Leaders
b Walgreens To Close Stores After Dip in Second Quarter Profits
e However Bad You Think Britney Spears Sounds Without Auto-Tune, It's Worse
t Samsung Galaxy S5: How To Get It For Free
e Tributes, flowers for `Brady Bunch` star Davis
e Benham Brothers Say HGTV Was 'Bullied' and 'Pushed Into' Canceling Their  ...
t Google Working on Smartphone That Can Disassemble and Upgrade
m More Body Fat Increases Ovarian Cancer Risk
b Nasdaq Composite Falls for Week as Technology Selloff Resumes
t Dragon spaceship delivers science and supplies
e George Strait Wins Entertainer of the Year at the 2014 ACM Awards
b Japan drugmaker Takeda says will fight $6 billion US damages order
t Colorado astronaut, crewmates on space station to watch World Cup
e Kiefer Sutherland responds to Freddie Prinze Jr claims he was 'unprofessional  ...
b Taco Bell to test US Taco Co. concept in Huntington Beach
t 2014 Tablet Comparison Guide
t Cousteau Ends 'Mission 31′ In Florida Keys
e Actor Ann B Davis, who played Alice on The Brady Bunch, dies aged 88
b British unemployment drops below 7%
e Watch Stephen Colbert Read a 17-Year-Old Top Ten List on 'Letterman'
m Electrifying stem cell finding retracted
t OkCupid Appeals to Mozilla Users to Switch Browsers
t FTC Charges T-Mobile With Making Hundreds Of Millions In Bogus Charges
e 2014 MTV VMAs | Latest News, Photos, and Videos
e Pharrell Snags 'Video of the Year' & 'Best Male R&B/Pop Artist' at 2014 BET  ...
e Film Director Accused of Abusing Boy in Encino
e Perkins shows softer side in 'Voice' performance
e 1964 NY State Pavilion gets 'National Treasures' designation
t Revealed: RSA offered more than one NSA-designed security tool
t Large-Scale DDoS Attacks Continue to Spike
e Kiwi women assaulted by Rolf Harris asked to come forward
e Ervolino: Mickey Rooney's star quality spanned generations
t iOS 8 serves up bumper crop of developer tools
e America Ferrera gets pranked at Cannes Film Festival
b Pinterest Is Now Valued at $5 Billion, Despite Little Revenue
t HTC One (M8) smartphone launches with Snapdragon 801 chip, Duo camera
b ECB's Constancio sees inflation below 1 percent for some time
m Tracking painkiller sales
e Home WhatsOn ArtsEntertainment Sandra Oh not sure if she'll tune in for Grey's...
m Scientists find switch for people to control their dreams
b Stocks lower as big reports awaited
b Stock Update: Ford Motor Company (NYSE:F) – Ford profit driven down by North  ...
m Think Tank OECD: Financial Crisis Spurred Obesity
m Boulder Colorado residents No. 1 for skinniest in the country
e By: WENN.com
e Here's Our First Look At Superman In 'Batman V Superman: Dawn of Justice'
t BlackBerry Partners with Amazon to Bring 240000 Android Apps to BB10
b BHP Billiton looking to simplify portfolio
t Cutting ties: End of support for XP spells trouble for some
t Copenhagen Airport first in the world to trial Google Glass
b China's state-run papers hit back at HK protests
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West are Technically Married
e Living the dream! Rita Ora dances around in red kaftan as she spends time on  ...
e John Mayer Accepts Ice Bucket Challenge From Man with ALS - Watch Now!
b Sotheby's, Third Point Reach a Deal, Expand Board
b FOREX-Dollar at 2-month highs as sterling turns tail, euro sinks
b California 2015 health insurance rates climb an average of 4.2 percent
m Medical Edge: Preparing for MERS
b Tesla Q1 Results: 10 Key Highlights
e Before The Dawn: Watch Three 'Planet Of The Apes' Prequel Movies
t Behind Alibaba IPO is unlikely China success story
m Study: Resveratrol Does Not Contribute to Longevity
t Apple replaces iPad 2 with iPad 4
b Pimco's Bill Gross: Bank Loan Market has Entered Bubble Territory
e New Star Wars Book Line To Be Set In Star Wars Movie And TV Universe
m 1.8 million pounds of ground beef recalled, linked to E. coli
b APNewsBreak: Prairie chicken listed as threatened
b GM Recalls 3.4 Million Vehicles For Similar Ignition Switch Defect
m Hamilton: Prescription drug take back day is April 26
b Eurozone Industrial Output Rose Slightly
m 2nd U.S. case of deadly MERS confirmed
b Gazprom Files USD-4.5-bln lawsuit against Naftogaz over Gas Debt
m Best Hospitals Ranked for 2014
t TweetDeck Hack Causes Retweet Headaches All Over Twitter
b Missing Malaysia Jet Said to Have Flown West With Beacon Off (2)
e Beyoncé's Colorful Leotard Almost Steals The Show During Her MTV Video  ...
e 'Harry Potter' star Rupert Grint aims for Broadway
e 'Heathers: The Musical' theater review – Singing and killing people all the way to  ...
t AP: Some SeaWorld mammals survive longer in captivity
t Apple iPhone 6 Release Date Coming: 'Rounder, Thinner' Models Reportedly To  ...
e Calendar: What's going on in area churches? April 18-May 10
b FedEx Charged With Shipping Drugs For Illegal Online Pharmacies
m Iodine deficiency: Pregnant, breastfeeding women need supplementation, AAP  ...
e Louvre garden infested with rats
e John Oliver on being magazine cover-worthy: 'It makes me feel nauseous and  ...
b Lamphier: Bull market still has legs after five years
b Posted by Imaduddin
e Julia Louis-Dreyfus' Rolling Stone cover called out for historical inaccuracy  ...
t Identical twins offer up selves for space science; 1 leaving planet for year, other  ...
b S&P, Dow reach new records
t Money, Food & Violence: The Scary Effects Of Climate Change
e Kanye reveals it took FOUR DAYS to perfect first wedding photo the Kiss after  ...
e Selena Gomez Jets Out Of Miami Following Justin Bieber Rendevous After  ...
t Tiny planet extends the borders of our Solar System
b Tokyo stocks open 0.98% higher
b US stocks finish higher despite Iraq fears
e Sharknado 2 takes over Twitter
b Charleston's 'March Against Monsanto' Demonstrates Against GMOs
t PSN Returning To Normality After DDoS Attacks
b The Rise, Fall, Rise and Fall of Barclays Investment Bank
e Ginnifer Goodwin Marries “Once Upon a Time” Co-Star Josh Dallas
b Europe faces gas shortage as Russia cuts Ukraine supply after talks fail
m Current guidelines underestimate US cervical cancer incidence and older  ...
e Officials say Boston rapper shot during funeral procession - ABC6 - Providence  ...
t Microsoft claims Xbox One sales more than doubled 'since June 9th'
e Barbara Walters tapes her final episode on 'The View'
m Twenty Five Minutes Of Meditation Daily Can Help Relieve Stress
b Twitter more than doubles its sales, stock soars
b Jet magazine to stop printing print magazines, transform into digital magazine app
e Jay-Z and Beyonce Announce Dates for Upcoming On The Run Tour
b Kitty litter may be cause of radioactive leak at NM nuke dump
t Mars Curiosity rover takes selfie
b JetBlue Pilots to Unionize
e Chelsea Handler quits 'sad' late night show after eight years
b French president meets rival German and US bidders for Alstom
b France clinches deal to take controlling stake in Alstom
e James Franco - James Franco: Lindsay Lohan lied on sex list
b Philippines signs contract to buy 12 fighter jets
e To Jaden Smith, on Misunderstanding Foster Care
e Tori Spelling threatened with divorce
e Spider-Man 2 leaps to the top of the North American box office
e Broadway icon Elaine Stritch mourned as a feisty, funny broad with impeccable  ...
m CDC confirms 2nd mers case in US
e 'Mr. Peabody' wins weekend box office in ticket sale
t Amazon.com to buy Twitch for roughly $1 billion: source
b Urban Outfitters reports 6 percent rise in Q1 sales
b ECB Preview: Wait-And-See Until June‏
t Space tourism project nearer
b Schneiderman crusades against 'insider trading 2.0'
b Oil slips closer to $103 as supply fears recede
t 900 SIN numbers erased: Canada Revenue Agency
b Two PMI surveys show US manufacturing strengthened in March
t Apple Pleases Investors, Icahn, Announces Stock Split
e Drew Barrymore Gives Birth to a Baby Girl
e Studios Sue Defunct File-Sharing Website for Infringement
b Snapchat valued at $10 billion after Kleiner Perkins investment
e Review Roundup: VIOLET Opens on Broadway - Updating Live!
e Finding the true message of Easter
t In Moab, Utah Wild Jeeps
m 2014's most "Xtreme" restaurant meal is a "monster"
e Bey, Miley and Pharrell make it to 2014's TIME 100 Most Influential People
e Watch This Tonight: True Blood's Series Finale
b US close: Stocks round off tough week with loss after jobs data
b Seán FitzPatrick acquittal: defence rested on his hands-off role at Anglo
e Amazon Fire TV topples Chromecast as Amazon's best seller
b Citigroup to pay $7 billion over mortgage-securities issues
m Episode Title: "N/A"
m SC 'Near Bottom' in Treatment of Mentally Ill Inmates
e 'The Voice' Recap: Usher, Shakira and Blake Steal One Artist Each
b EUR/USD sell-off sharpens, 1.3730 on sight
e HBO Releases Game of Thrones Viewer's Guide Before Season 4 Premiere
e Big Bang Theory Production On Hold Amid Contract Dispute
b Oil slips to near US$103 per barrel as fears abate over supply disruption
t Former Googlers Launch Osmo, A Gaming Device That Combines Real-World  ...
t Harrisburg area average gas price steady while national average increases
e 'Jeopardy!' host Alex Trebek sets a Guinness World Record 0
e Movie clock
b Despite Strong Quarter, US Remains In Growth Rut
e Get to Know the New 'Bachelor' Chris Soules With These 13 Fun Facts
b China halts cybersecurity cooperation with U.S. over hacking charges
e Rosie O'Donnell slams Lindsay Lohan's documentary series as 'a tragedy - on  ...
b Kroger Expands Online Reach With $280M Purchase Of Vitacost.com
e WATCH! Kim Kardashian reveals her 'struggle' to be taken seriously: 'We're hard  ...
e Jay-Z brings Labor Day weekend festival to LA
m Agent testifies in Pistorius trial
e Watch: Solange Knowles Attacks Jay-Z In Newly Surfaced Video
m Air pollution killed 7 million people in 2012: WHO
e Discovery cancels Everest live jump after tragedy
b Ousted American Apparel CEO Dov Charney Intends to Fight His Termination
e Willow Smith Moises Arias Instagram Photo Causes Scandal; 13-Year-Old in  ...
e 'Scandal' Season 3 Spoilers: Grant Kids Take Front and Center
t Oracle to Sue Google for Copying its Java Programming for Android
t Android Wear shown off controlling the home with voice commands
m Don't Eat the Meat; Beef Recall in Missouri
m Children's Hospital Releases New Details in the 2008-2009 Deaths of 5 Patients
b AbbVie buys Shire for £32bn
m Ebola detected in Guinea victims, 59 dead
e The Wicked Son Is Actually Good! Stop Maligning the Supposed Villain of  ...
e Harrison Ford's wife Calista Flockhart flies to the UK to comfort injured star
t Occupy Activists Arrested at Google HQ for 'Net Neutrality' Protest
e 9/11 Museum Opening Spurs Mixed Feelings
e GLASTONBURY: Metallica review
t Google Maps' Pokémon Challenge is not a joke.
b Hello Moto: The true story behind Lenovo's big buy
b Oil and water: Lessons from the Deepwater Horizon BP oil spill
t Report: Facebook Tweaked Users News Feeds Based On Emotions
b Stocks drift after Google, IBM earnings disappoint
b Tulsa Shock re-signs Courtney Paris
e 'Saturday Night Live' Is Cleaning Their Featured-Player House
e Kim Kardashian Fashion Style 2014: Kanye West and Baby North West's  ...
b WashWire Daily Brief: Russia's Gas Grip
m Three-parent babies are 'not unsafe' as human trials planned
b Cooling Property Sector in Focus as Economy Slows
e Take our survey about 7NEWS Now, win $500
e Photo Flash: New Pictures from New GAME OF THRONES Episode 'Breaker of  ...
t Microsoft lays Android Nokia X to rest
m Rise in MERS virus cases in Saudi Arabia
b Google's growth in mobile ads hurts results
t Twitter buys data analytics partner Gnip for undisclosed sum
e True Blood Recap: I Found You
e Lindsay Lohan to make stage debut
b Shire jumps on Allergan bid talk
e TI Makes Video To Show He's Fine After His Mayweather Title Fight At Fatburger  ...
e Mick Jagger's Rolling Stones bandmates rally around him following girlfriend L  ...
m Many Americans not seeing the dentist
e X-Men: Days of Future Past – Review
t Virtual universe created by scientist with 8000 CPUs
t In Recall Testimony, GM CEO Must Reach Beyond Lawmakers
e 'Bachelorette' Andi narrows it down to two men
e Watch Jimmy Fallon's Hilarious Brian Williams 'Gin & Juice' Mash-Up
e Han Solo Goes Back to the Stars
b Apple buys music giant Beats in $3B deal
t Petition the government for redress of cellphone grievances
b US Marshal's 30000 Bitcoin bounty SOLD to just one bidder
t Gay Intolerance: Another Glaring Example
t Scientists discover "echo" of Big Bang
b Jamie Dimon's cancer scare: Investors fret over JPMorgan succession
e Alien: Isolation Reunites The Original Movie Cast For Pre-Order DLC
e Why Anna Kendrick is getting rave reviews for her Saturday Night Live hosting gig
t New Tools Help Neuroscientists Analyze "Big Data"
b Deadline nears for federal health insurance
b Leaked BlackBerry 10.3 OS Shown Off by Exactly the Users It Needs
e The end is coming in first trailer to The Hobbit: The Battle of Five Armies
b Search for Plane Shifts To New Area
b 'Lego Movie' and HBO's 'True Detective' Boost Time Warner 1Q Earnings
e Director charged with on-set death
t A big report on how to tackle climate change will be published this weekend  ...
e 'Game of Thrones' recap: 'Oathkeeper' takes the action north
b McDonald's Fights Taco Bell's Breakfast Menu With Free Coffee
b News Analysis: Slip in UK manufacturing PMI figures no cause for alarm
t PayPal releases first Android Wear app
b Vodafone Adjusted Profit Sinks
m Alcohol and recovery: there's an app for that
t Ford Gets the Mustang 50th Birthday Celebrations Started
t The PlayStation Network is Down Again - Sony is Working On It
b German Stocks Tarred by War Find Buyers at Record Value
b Reports: Medtronic in merger talks with device maker Covidien
b BOJ's Kuroda sees no need to ease but won't hesitate if needed
t Is Google's European Antitrust Settlement In Jeopardy?
e L'Wren Scott Mourned by Family and Friends
m Taking free sample drugs might cost you more in the end
b Why IAC/InterActiveCorp (IACI) Stock Is Surging Today
e Performer J. Lopez to get “Icon Award” @ “Billboard Awards”
e All grown up: Zac Efron is bad to the bone in 'Bad Neighbours'
t The Apollo 11 Launch Wasn't Just Historic, It was Beautiful
b Economy report adds up cost of climate change
t Nearly 400 million people can use 'I'm a Voter' feature: Facebook
t Subway: 'Yoga mat' chemical almost out of bread
b Sun Pharma to buy Ranbaxy Laboratories in $3.2 bn all stock deal
t NASA finds habitable 'Earth-like' planet
t Turncoat? FCC says new Internet 'fast lane' rules won't kill net neutrality
m Ebola Virus: West African Health Ministers To Establish $10M Fund
e Frieze New York 2014 highlights: from a re-staging of Al's Grand Hotel to artful  ...
b Sell MCX Crude Oil; target of Rs 6195/6180: Karvy
t Apple, Google, Samsung agree to support smartphone kill switches
b Twitter Rises 3.5% In Down Market As COO Exits
b Rolls-Royce order book hurt by Airbus order cancellation
e Churches plan Holy Week, Easter services
t What Does a Social-Media-Meets-Virtual-Reality World Look Like?
b Ronald McDonald's Getting a Whole New Look
e 'True Detective' Tops List of TCA Awards Nominees -- Here's the Complete List
t 'Hidden from Google' Website Lists Links Removed Under 'Right to be Forgotten'
m Salt, obesity deadly combination: Age young cells prematurely
m West Nile Activity Found in Saginaw County
e Katy Perry accused of copyright infringement for 'Dark Horse'
e 'Deliver Us from Evil' (2014) Movie Review
b PRECIOUS-Gold little changed above $1300 as Fed policy meet awaited
b IMF's Lagarde urges "gradual path" for Fed rate hikes
e Hugh Jackman Wants Wolverine to Become an Avenger
e Video: Teen nails Michael Jackson routine at talent show
m Health officials concerned that deadly bird flu could soon pass easily between  ...
e Jem And The Holograms Poster Released & Cast Announced
b Inside the takeover of Tim Hortons
e New York Times denies sexism in firing row
m Reports: Oscar Pistorius not mentally ill during killing
t Nintendo shows handy infographic for all console & handheld sales
t AOL Email Hack: Company Is Investigating Security Breach
t Xbox One Controller PC Drivers Will Come, Says Microsoft's Albert Penello
e Home WhatsOn Paul McCartney cancels Japan tour due to virus
e Fifty Shades of Grey movie trailer most viewed of 2014 with 16 million views
t Nokia X2 Image Leaks Ahead of Launch
b Reading the Jobs Report's Tea Leaves
t Iran link to social media spying on military leaders
e Video: Miley Cyrus Straddles a Giant Inflatable Penis Onstage During London Gig
e Weekend BO April 11-13 (Close, But No Cigar)
e The rise of amicable celebrity divorces
t T-Mobile Galaxy S5 to cost $0 down, pre-orders begin March 24
e 'Midnight Rider' filmmakers surrender to Georgia police
b WWE News: Daniel Bryan Suggests That Another Neck Surgery Is Possible
m US woman who lost husband to Ebola urges aid to fight outbreak
t Will Apple's Low-Cost iMac Backfire?
e Police: Teen raped at Keith Urban show
m The United States of painkillers: Which states prescribe the most?
e I had a miscarriage, says Lindsay
b Commuters face unknown when northbound Pulaski Skyway lanes close Saturday
t Minecraft creator says he's canceled talks for Oculus Rift version because  ...
e X-Men film director denies accusations of teen sex abuse
b US law firm launches legal action over flight MH370
t Bad news for Gamer Steam machines not available 'til 2015
e FX's 'Fargo' Is Neither Remake Nor Sequel
t Galaxy K zoom
e 'Girls' Star Allison Williams to Play Peter Pan in 'Peter Pan Live'
m Chocolate Pills May Stop Heart Attacks And Strokes
b Google usurps Apple as world's most valuable brand
b Obamacare enrollment tops 6M; deadline looms
b Construction spending drops in biggest setback in 3 years
t Who Will Control the Internet?
b Federal Reserve planning end to stimulus in October
m San Diego Zoo Safari Park's Baby Gorilla Sees Mother Face-to-Face
b Lyft vs. Taxis: St. Louis Alderman and Cabbie Debate St. Louis' Transportation  ...
e Game of Thrones: Kill the Masters (GIF)
t Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 7.0 Review: Overshadowed By Its Larger Siblings [VIDEO]
e Feldman @ the flicks
b Gander Mountain reopens store after remodel
b Vietnam fishing boat rammed, sunk by China ship: Official
b News briefs from around Kentucky at 1:58 am EDT
m Saudi Arabia reports 11 new MERS coronavirus cases
t We Will Soon Have the Derelict House Building Emoji We All Desire and Deserve
t U.S. senator demands compensation fund for recalled GM cars
b Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370: passengers' relatives demand 'truth' about  ...
t Samsung Galaxy Ace Style with Android 4 4 KitKat launched
e Gwyneth Paltrow Called Out In Open Letter From Working Mom
b US growth surges on spree by consumers
t Apple Should Copy Microsoft's Surface Pro 3
e Rapper severs penis, jumps from building, survives
e Actress Elizabeth Moss discusses the last season of 'Mad Men'
m New blood test could predict suicide
e Game of Thrones: Kit Harington's hair has its own contract
e ​Amy Adams Gave Her First Class Seat to a Soldier
t Local security expert discusses the Heartbleed Bug
b French economist's inequality theory flawed
b Bangladesh's 'miracle' survivor builds new life
e We've all been fooled, Hello Kitty is not a kitty
b Euro inflation at lowest in over four years
e MOVIE REVIEW: 'Extinction' brings Transformers franchise back to life
t Huge icelandic volcano might erupt
e 'Breaking Bad,' 'Modern Family' big winners at Emmy Awards
b Lawmakers from Pittsburgh seek interim permits for Uber, Lyft
t Tesla Opens Up Its Portfolio of Patents for All to Use Free
b Dollar drops ahead of US Fed meeting
b DRI: Red Lobster Chain Sold for $2.1B
e Ryan Gosling wanted Rachel McAdams fired from 'The Notebook'
b Valeant Launches Hostile $53M Bid For Allergan
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S Super AMOLED tablets launch: Specs, features, pricing  ...
b Stocks slip below record levels
b Iran's oil exports doubled since Rouhani took office
m Hospital transfer for Justina Pelletier, teen in custody battle, has parents fuming
m Worst-ever outbreak in West Africa has killed 80 people so far and spurred fears  ...
m Five myths about e-cigs
e Pamela Anderson reveals history of sexual abuse
b Oracle Corporation (ORCL) news: Earnings Preview: Oracle Q3 2014
e Jennifer Lawrence Voted For Lupita Nyong'o To Win An Oscar
t Talking to the International Space Station today
e Demi Lovato Teases 'Really Don't Care' Music Video
e Juan Pablo Galavis Tweets Visit to Vegas
t External hard drive support coming to Xbox One next month
e TV food star's new show delayed after online rant
e 'The Bachelorette' Recap: Eric Is Eliminated, Andi Pays Tribute to the Late World  ...
e Pharrell Williams Tapped as 'The Voice' Coach
t Titanfall: Best Places To Get One Upon Release
b US Allows 2 Energy Cos. To Export Crude Oil Amid Ban
e 'Once Upon a Time in Wonderland' canceled: Which land should ABC spin-off  ...
t Consumer Reports: Should you buy a smart watch?
b U.S. stock finished little changed on Wednesday
m VA wants $17.6 billion to meet patient demand
t Oculus Should Refund Kickstarter Money
e Neil Young to unveil Pono music service and device at SXSW
b Today's Most: Mayor resigns after dog poop incident
b Labour Disruption At West Coast Ports, Retailers Worried as Economy On Stake
e It's official! The Rolling Stones are coming to Tel Aviv
t HTC One (M8) Hands-on Review: First Impressions Suggest Stiff Competition  ...
e Drew Barrymore Baby: 'The Wedding Singer' Star Welcomes Second Child With  ...
e Game Of Thrones Purple Wedding: Five Most Shocking Moments
b Salesforce takes on healthcare with new apps, alliances
t Digitimes Research: Amazon Fire smartphone to promote offline-to-online  ...
e Courtney Love back to rocker ways at Hall of Fame
b 'Actions by Chinese ships in SCS deeply troubling'
t The NSA sent a mysterious coded tweet. Here's the decrypted message.
b Hewlett Packard's Q2 earnings preview
m WHO: Spread of polio now a world health emergency
b Cash still rules in area real estate
m St. Johns County No. 1 in health report
t Logitech Introduces the Type-S Bluetooth Keyboard for the Samsung Galaxy Tab  ...
b Dubai planning to build climate-controlled 'city'
t Experiments give shape to Higgs particle
e Kanye West gets booed at Bonnaroo
t Why GM May Never Pay a Dime in Liability Claims Getty Images
e SNL Imagines Girls Set in Biblical Times, and There's Still Plenty of Nudity
e Kanye West Keeps His Cool Despite FOUR Hour Delay With Eurostar Ahead Of  ...
t Google Glass sold out after one-day sale to the public
b Nasdaq Remains In The Red As Dow And S&P 500 Return To Positive Territory
m Petco pulls all tainted pet jerky treats from shelves
t The update is "coming soon"
e Elizabeth Hasselbeck Expresses Anger At Rosie O'Donnell's Potential Return To  ...
t UPDATE 2-Intel takes 'significant' stake in Big Data startup Cloudera
t Samsung Galaxy S5 vs HTC One M8: Who Will Be King In 2014?
m Man who returned to Saskatoon from Africa seriously ill, under isolation
b The long tail that wags the dog
e Casting Net: Leonardo DiCaprio wanted for Steve Jobs biopic; Plus, Tom Hanks  ...
e L'Wren Scott's sister in savage attack on Mick Jagger over his 'balcony lover'
e “North Korea possesses 8 nuclear arms,” SIPRI no practice placement
e 'Astonished' US lawyers: Controversial powdered booze could follow vodka  ...
e 'Pretty Little Liars' photos in GQ cause controversy, which is precisely the point
t Amazon Fire Phone with 4.7-inch screen, 3-D viewing unveiled at Seattle event
e Are Will and Jada Pinkett Smith Bad Parents? Couple Under Investigation by Child
b Iraq Hostilities Send Oil Prices To 8-Month High
b Toronto stock market flat amid lower gold
m 5/5 - 5:30pm - Melanoma Monday Raises Awareness About Deadliest Skin Cancer
e Pharrell Williams Joining 'The Voice,' Producer Mark Burnett 'Happy'
t Project Tango Tablet Coming to Google I/O 2014?
t Volcanoes helped plants, animals survive ice ages
b Newscast: Free coffee at McDonald's starts Monday
t HTC denies plans of buying Nokia's Indian factory; says CFO was misquoted
e De Aza hits 2 HRs as White Sox beat Twins 5-3
e 'Edge of Tomorrow' is a throwback to yesteryear
e Black Keys plan massive North American tour this fall
t Xbox One Sales Surpass 5 Million Units Since Launch
t How technology is helping drive car recalls
t Baleen and sperm whales are ocean's 'ecosystem engineers,' new study says
b Final deadly path of `crashed` MH370 revealed
t US Congress hearings to put harsh spotlight on GM
m Seven die from Ebola outbreak in Monrovia
b China e-commerce giant Alibaba to list in US
e Raunchy Rita Ora rips Zac Efron's shirt off at the MTV awards!
e Kim, Kanye kick off...
e Guardians of the Galaxy gets stellar marks from critics
e Angelina Jolie Named an Honorary Dame by Queen Elizabeth II for her Anti  ...
b Morgan Stanley gets most relief from first quarter
e Young Jeezy held on $1M bail after concert shooting
t Austin MotoGP, COTA - Race Results
e Penny Dreadful is a penny delight
e How "NOT" to sing the National Anthem
e What Rihanna, Lupita Nyong'o and Marion Cotillard wore to CFDA Awards
m A Snack Could Prevent A Fight With Your Spouse
b JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon has cancer; plans to keep working
b Bitcoin Auction Winners Still Undetermined
b LinkedIn hits 300 mn milestone;50% traffic to come from mobile
t Destiny Looks Great And Sounds Terrible
t YouTube's New Creator Tools Include Donations, Fan-Submitted Subtitles, And  ...
e Just like the real thing! Beyonce and Jay Z treat BET Awards with risque pre  ...
b Vodafone Group to acquire ONO for EUR7.2bn
e Miley Cyrus, The Flaming Lips unveil odd short film 'Blonde SuperFreak Steals  ...
b Pinterest pushes Promoted Pins experiment into the next phase with paid tests  ...
e Arrow "The Man Under the Hood" Review: Those Who Matter Most
b Yellen says US job market still needs help from the Fed
t Report: Showtime close to Halo TV deal
e Marvel's 'Winter Soldier' is most action-packed of studio's films
e 9 Crucial Ways Captain America: The Winter Soldier Affects The Marvel Universe
m UPDATE 1-All workers test negative for MERS at Indiana hospital-official
e US Sen. Schumer wants tighter trucking regulations
e 'The Walking Dead' Season 4, finale recap: Day of reckoning
e Cesar Chavez story told at annual Redlands breakfast
e Khloé Kardashian and French Montana Spend Airport Downtime Together After  ...
m National HIV Testing Day is June 27
m Medical marijuana rules before Illinois committee
e Kaley Cuoco's breast implants love goes way, way back
t Radar Images Detect Unusual 'Magic Island' on Saturn's Moon
b Stocks: Starting the week in the red
b VMware slurps more cash from the death of hardware
b WTO Talks on Bali Accord Near Collapse Over India's Objections
e Spandau Ballet draw crowd in Cannes
b 'To say that there is no investment because of vultures is a lie'
t 5 Reasons Why Comcast Is Able to Keep Cord-Cutters at Bay
e Solange Deletes All Her Beyoncé Photos From Instagram
t Rumor: YouTube is going to buy Twitch for $1 billion
m New line of defense in the battle against skin cancer
b Gold trading outlook: futures higher as SPDR gains again, US stocks down
t Power in online music, movies shifting to Internet providers
b Companies Offering A Host Of Freebies To Taxed Consumers
t Shares of BlackBerry lower after Apple, IBM announce business app partnership
t Charlotte now on AT&T's list for 'GigaPower' fiber Internet, TV
m WHO declares polio 'public health emergency' (Update)
b Virgin America float to fund US expansion
e Religious Drama “Heaven Is For Real” Opens Nationwide
e Eminem releases new video on Mother's Day
b Possible Malaysian plane debris spotted in Indian Ocean off Australia
e Charting Lindsay Lohan's Recent TV Highs and Lows
e Kim Kardashian hints video game with exciting sneak peak at new project
b What If the Yuan Was Really Flexible?
b Posted by Muhammad Iqbal
e Viral Video: Morgan Freeman on helium
e Adam Richman's Travel Channel Show Yanked After Instagram Flap
t Comments on FCC's net-neutrality rules set record
e Angus T. Jones Goes From Highest Paid TV Child Star To Bearded Aspiring  ...
b Why China will keep its grip on the Yuan
b Access Midstream Partners Given New $75.00 Price Target at Credit Suisse  ...
e Kim Kardashian May Need Room for a Baby Bump In That Wedding Dress
b European Stocks Are Mixed; Steady Inflation in Eurozone
t Millions of vehicles already recalled in 2014
b Posted by Muhammad Iqbal
e Friends, family gather for small funeral for L'Wren Scott
b Fyffes and Chiquita to create biggest banana firm
m WHO: First Case Of MERS-CoV Infection Reported In US
e Boy Meets World spinoff: Cory and Topanga are back in new trailer
e B-ROLL - Andrew Garfield at The Amazing Spider-Man 2 - UK film premiere on  ...
t YouTube allows government “super flaggers” to delete 20 videos at a time
t Facebook apologises after crash
e Angelina Jolie keeping kids out of showbiz from now on
e Bob Geldof's daughter Peaches found dead, Mystery shrouds her sudden death
t Stargazing: Lunar eclipse
m Saudi Arabia announces jump in new cases of deadly MERS virus
e The Best Twitter Reactions To Kim Kardashian And Kanye West's Vogue cover
t Apple's image gatekeeper departs
e Queen To Unleash Compilation This Year Featuring Unreleased Tracks From  ...
t Google releases historical Street View feature
t iPhone 6 pictured in concept renders based on current rumour round-up
b Inequality and political polarization have been rising in tandem for three decades
t 3 Things You Need to Know About the Latest UN Report on Climate Change
b Morning Roundup: JPMorgan CEO has cancer, Dayton brewer eyes Columbus  ...
t Microsoft may launch Surface Mini on May 20
t Yandex Jumps into Classifieds Business With Auto.ru Purchase
e Watch the trailer for Gone Girl, the new film from David Fincher
e Watch Outkast Play Their First Show in Years at Coachella
e Miley Cyrus inked 'sad kitty' on her inner lip
m Congo declares Ebola outbreak in north
t Windows Phone 8.1 Update Confirmed to Bring Cortana to UK, China & India  ...
t Google Reportedly Set to End Forced Google+ Integration
b SNC bids to transform itself with $2B Kentz takeover
t China confirms Microsoft probe for 'monopoly'
b Is it Game Over for GameStop?
e Top winners at Billboard Music Awards: Justin Timberlake, Imagine Dragons and  ...
t Climate Change Threatens Historic National Landmarks, study
e Rapper T.I., Floyd Mayweather Jr. in brawl: Report
t Microsoft offers users $100 toward Windows 8 devices with XP trade-in offer
b Human-Shaped Bag Of Greed BP Exec Will Have To Pay Monies To  ...
t The NSA reportedly poses as Facebook to spread malware
b Pfizer, AstraZenaca CEOs to give deal testimony
t Google's Android L ups runtime, power, and visuals for developers
e Gwyneth Paltrow And Chris Martin 'Still Going To Be Friends' Despite Split: Report
b U.S. new home sales rise by most in six months
m Global Health Emergency To Stem Potential Resurgence Of Polio
e A story told with heart, humor, funk and soul
t NASA Images Show Our Air Is Getting Cleaner
t IPCC: Climate Change Increasing Risk of Hunger, Thirst, Disease, Refugees  ...
b FedEx surges as 2015 profit guidance beats estimates on growth outlook
t European Court Ruling Redefines 'Googling' People
b Why Darden Restaurants (DRI) Stock Is Lower Today
e Record Store Day set for Saturday
e President Obama to make first appearance on 'Ellen'
b Bank of America posts loss, hurt by legal charges
m Television Viewing Linked To Shorter Sleep Duration In Young Children
t Sony makes a tape that can store 185 TB
b UPDATE 1-Alibaba rival JD.com to be valued at up to $24.6 bln in IPO
e Adele Dazeem Is Totally "Buddies" With Jan Thozomas Now
b How a Zillow-Trulia Merger Could Finally Change the Business of Real Estate
e Game of Thrones rape scene a step too far? It was different in the book, says  ...
e Transformers: Age of Extinction review: Wahlberg makes No. 4 (slightly) better  ...
b Inflation falls to 1.7% - ONS
b Can Minimum Wage Fight Succeed By Shaming McDonald's?
e Beyoncé Fabulously Crashes Solange's Coachella Set! See The Sisters Dance  ...
t Now you can text 911... just not from everywhere
e Who Will Watch Blue Ivy When Beyoncé And Jay Z Go On Tour Together?
b US stocks dragged lower by weakness at Twitter, AIG
b MH370 Lost in Indian Ocean: Planes, ships race to beat bad weather
b IRS Gave Bonuses to Employees Who Owed Back Taxes
b BlackBerry beats expectations with $23 million Q1 profit, revenue falls
t FCC looking into slow Internet download speeds
b Insurer UnitedHealth plans health overhaul business expansion, signaling big  ...
t Take A Spin In The Most Beautiful American Car Ever Made
e Farley Mowat, Chronicler of Canada's North, Dies at 92
e Permission refused for two Brooks gigs
t Federal ruling requires rear-view cameras in all new vehicles by 2018
m T-shirts spread message about autism awareness
t EBay Initially Believed User Data Safe After Cyberattack
e 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' dominates holiday movie box office with $91 million
b Why Yahoo's Not Going To Steal The Search Default For iPhone Away From  ...
b BoE Minutes: Policymakers Unanimous On Rate, QE
e PHOTOS: Dust storms roll into parts of Arizona
e Bachelorette 2014 Spoilers: Week 8 Recap – Who Makes Fantasy Suites?
e Katherine Heigl: I couldn't stop making romcoms
e 12 Things You Need To Do In The Bathroom Right After You Puke At A Party
b Consumer Confidence Improves Slightly In May
b Change text size for the story
e Bodyguard row delays Brown's trial
t Amazon Twitch Acquisition: Changes Being Made
b Hedge fund Paradigm Capital, owner Weir paying $2.2M to settle SEC conflict  ...
b US STOCKS-Futures flat after decline, GDP data awaited
e Mila Kunis Tripled in Size: Pregnant Actress Talks Changing Body Ahead of Due  ...
e Review: 'Noah'
t The Witch Hunt Is On - NHTSA Now Investigating Chrysler Ignition Switches
b US stocks rebound from midday slump, extending modest gains for second day  ...
t Google readying Android TV launch, leaked docs suggest
e 'Game of Thrones' spoilers: Who killed Joffrey is revealed
t LG emphasizes simplicity in G3 smartphone
b Senators propose 12-cent per gallon gas tax increase
m WHO: India is polio-free
b Good weather, plenty of activities on tap for July Fourth holiday
e Miley Cyrus Remains Hospitalized Over 'Extreme Reaction' to Sinus Infection  ...
e Rolf Harris denies indecently assaulting 13-year-old
m Too much prolonged high intensity exercise risks heart health
b French satellite images back MH370 Indian Ocean hunt
m Meet the family that went sugar-free for a year
m Wetter Winter This Year Could Spell Allergy Woes
e Meghan McCain Might Become a Co-Host of The View
b Fast-food protests to spotlight 'wage theft'
b Australia says missing Malaysia plane not where 'pings' were heard
e Justin Bieber, Selena Gomez Reunite! Instagram Video From Pal's Birthday  ...
e Schwarzenegger Explains How His Age Will Be Addressed in Terminator  ...
e 'Mad Men' cast talk about their season 7 characters
t Apollo 11 anniversary: NASA 'reasonably confident' during moon mission launch  ...
t Google to make it easier for Chrome users to encrypt their email End-to-End
b Netflix confirms new European launches
b Supreme Court Likely to Pronounce Order Tomorrow on Fresh Plea of Subrata Roy
b ECB Pioneer Confronts Too-Big-to-Fail Banks With Newly Won Clout
b Bluefin-21 completes its search for MH370
b Coach Earnings Buoyed by Overseas Sales
e Ray J Gets Kim Kardashian A Wedding Gift? Singer Giving Her Sex Tape Profits  ...
b Hong Kong's mainland stock index declines 20 pct since early Dec
b Summary of Mortgage Interest Rates at US Bank Corp on March 12, 2014
b Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac Conservatorship Leader DeMarco To Leave FHFA
e Bobby Womack, gospel-soaked baritone and the very last of the Soul Men
t Facebook's news feed experiment being probed
m Researchers uncover potential vaccine that can stop malaria parasites from  ...
e Investigators: Speed to Blame for Walker Crash
e Movie review: Transcendence a gorgeous, but unmoving, cautionary tale
b German Ifo business climate falls to 13-month low of 109.7 in August
e Pope tells woman married to divorcee she should be allowed take Communion
t Xbox Commercial Turns on Consoles Thanks to Kinect and Aaron Paul
b Social marketplace with no revenue now worth $6.1B (CYNK)
t It's Completely Absurd How Hard It Is to Cancel Comcast
b Apple Adds More Swagger with $3B Beats Acquisition
t Gasoline prices expected to fall again
e Chadwick Boseman as James Brown in Get On Up. (Courtesy)
e Ex-Cheetah Girl Adrienne Bailon Engaged In War of Words With The Kardashians
b Last minute tax tips
e Sean Combs: Call Me 'Puff Daddy' (Again)
t Apple Quietly Updates Cheapest iPod Touch, Adds Camera, Color
e Texas Tech Cheerleader Infuriates Animal Rights Activists
t Some Thoughts on Apple's Metal API
e Floyd Mayweather Jr., T.I. Get Into 'Chair-Tossing Brawl' Over Instagram Photo  ...
e Game Of Thrones: George RR Martin Explains Littlefinger's Relationship With  ...
t Rumor: iPhone 6 Production Begins Next Month
t Media backlash on 'Right To Be Forgotten'
t 'World not prepared' for global warming
b No votes for Time Warner investors if they agree to Rupert Murdoch's deal
e Todd McCarthy on Tarantino's 'Hateful Eight': 'Samuel L. Jackson Would Have a  ...
m Non-psychoactive CBD oil made from marijuana plants poised to be game  ...
b Home sales remain hot, but experts warn of cooling
t There's life out there - and we need to look for it, SETI research center says
e With Oprah looking on, Nate Berkus and husband make history at New York  ...
m MDMA Innovator Alexander Shulgin Has Died Aged 88
t Starbucks Gears Up for Wireless Charging Support Nationwide
e Roger Ebert Documentarian Inadvertently Captured Critic's Last Days
e Angelina Jolie: "I'm putting charity before Hollywood"
b Charen: Making college more affordable
b Talk of the day - Taiwanese employ self-protection strategies in Vietnam
b Q2 Earnings Season Set to Give Stocks Another Lift
e Mariah Carey didn't have sex with Nick Cannon until their wedding night
b Why April 15 isn't much of a deadline
m Saudi Arabia review finds 92 more Mers deaths
b New York's Supreme Court Hosts Airbnb Case
t HTC's new One packs nifty features with premium finish
e Seth Rogen, Ed Sheeran Saturday Night Live Full Clipapalooza, VIDEOS
m CDC anthrax lab problems detailed in second probe
e This Kickstarter needs your help more than the potato salad one
e Harper Lee says she didn't cooperate with new book 'The Mockingbird Next Door'
t Factcheck: What's the significance of a record high in Antarctic sea ice?
e Evelyn Choi admits to be in a relationship
t Tips On Buying The Safest Cars For Teens
t HTC One Mini 2 Review: Premium Looks for Smaller Pockets
t Apple confirms it has acquired Swell Radio
e Sandra Oh open to Grey's Anatomy return
b Stock Futures Sail On Q2 GDP; Twitter, Sprint, Garmin Soar
e Jay Leno - Jay Leno To Receive 2014 Mark Twain Prize
t Set up SMS, iMessage alerts on Google Glass
t Suzuki recalling 184k GM-built models for fire risk
e Avengers director Joss Whedon releases new film online
t Xbox One VS PS4: Sony Announces 7 Million Global Sales for PlayStation 4
e Justin Bieber -- Vacaciones ... Mexican Villa Style!
b Bills Pending Propose $195M State Lump Sum Payment To Detroit
e SHH Video: The Amazing Spider-Man 2 Brings On the Bad Guys!
e Sarcastic Children With Cancer Are A Gross But Successful Formula In 'The  ...
t Watch Dogs Review: A Promising Dystopia
e 'Game of Thrones' could be heading for big screen
e Kanye West says 'Kardashians are an industry'
e Kit Harrington-inspired curly hair tutorial for men
t Wormlike TweetDeck Hijack Speaks Volumes
t Back to school bargain: Microsoft Surface 2 now about $100 cheaper
e Is Tony Soprano Dead or Alive? 'Sopranos' Creator David Chase 'Fesses Up
m Reaction To Caffeine Dependants on Your Gender
e Movie review: Vividly shot 'Bears' is wildlife drama at its best
b Silver falls to 6-week low as Fed outlook weighs
t Facebook crashes, affects millions of users worldwide
t Microsoft confirms China investigation
t I agree to subscribe to the Techi newsletter (unsubscribe at any time)
b Osborne to Pledge UK Austerity Will Deliver Recovery
t Google's Nest to resume sale of smoke detectors
b UPDATE 2-McDonald's US sales continue to struggle in February
b Herbalife Ltd. (HLF) news: Will The FTC Summon 'The Kraken' To Investigate  ...
e Kourtney Kardashian & Scott Disick Attempt To Throw The Paparazzi Off Khloe  ...
t Apple Inc (AAPL) Apparently in Talks with Samsung to Settle Patent Disputes
t As heavy as 14 elephants as long as 2 tractor trailers Meet Mr T - KCTV5
m Nigeria Faces Possible Ebola Outbreak Amid National Doctors' Strike
b Feds Investigate Another Close Call Between Two Planes Flying Over Houston
m Dark Chocolate Improves Blood Flow To Legs, Boosts Walking Ability
t Glasses formed by Asteroid Impacts contain Evidence for Life
t Europe and South Korea now working together to define 5G mobile technology
e 9 Things You Probably Won't See During Miley Cyrus' Bangerz Tour Special
e Pippa Middleton opens up about the Royal Wedding – and THAT bum – for the  ...
e Beyonce And Jay-Z Finally Unveil 2008 Wedding Footage As They Kick Off 'On  ...
t Google to launch satellites on Virgin Galactic?
b BNP Paribas settlement to come next week
b Bear Talk: 'The Surge in Gold Can't Sustain Itself'
m FDA Approves MannKind's Inhalable Insulin
e Judge Refuses To Release Chris Brown From Jail After Assault Trial Is Delayed  ...
t Apple ships iOS 7.1 with CarPlay support, home screen crash fix
e Court Street United Methodist Church to host Holy Week, Easter Sunday
b AstraZeneca plc And Shire PLC Bolster Takeover Defences
e Harrison Ford sustains ankle injury on Star Wars set
t Apple Pumps Another 60 Million E-Reading Devices Into Market
b MH370: New images of 'possible debris'
e 'Family members confirm she's been rehearsing for this role since the age of 3  ...
b US STOCKS-Wall St rises on Yellen; S&P on track for modest Q1 gain
b Greenpeace activists board 2 drilling rigs to protest oil search in Arctic waters  ...
e 'We are beyond pain' says family of Peaches Geldof
e Jennifer Lawrence Knows You Might Be Sick Of Her
t Verizon, AT&T, Others Commit to CTIA Smartphone Anti-Theft Plan
b Urban Outfitters warns on current-quarter results after sales miss
e Adam Levine Follows The Maps And It Leads Him Right To His Lady In A  ...
t You Probably Shouldn't Text 911 Just Yet In The US
e Premier League: Chelsea pay tribute to the club's life President Lord Richard  ...
m Why Intuitive Surgical, JinkoSolar Holdings, and Rubicon Technology Jumped  ...
b Business Highlights
e '22 Jump Street' review: This sequel is funnier than the original
t The Best of Google Chrome Cube Lab's Custom Rubik's Cubes
e Clip suspected in circus accident; 8 hospitalized
m Mobile phone risk to children investigation launched
e Blake Shelton Is Shakira's "Medicine"
m United Nations health agency warns of MERS virus threat to pilgrims ahead of  ...
t GM Ignition Claims Filed Before 2009 Face Legal Issues
b UPDATE 1-BlackBerry reports loss as smartphone sales keep sliding
e Idina Menzel Finally Talks John Travolta, Adele Dazeem Incident: "He Was  ...
e Kris is fuming after Kanye said no to $11m for his wedding pics!
m Study: Infant rats can smell their mothers' fear
b Business briefs: Pfizer tries to sell AstraZeneca on $100B deal
b Barclays bank lifts jobs cull to 19000 Investment bank to shrink further
e And the name of the 'Superman/Batman' movie is…?
t Split|Screen: A First Look at Titanfall
e What's next for 'HIMYM' cast?
e The Next Coco Chanel? Kanye West Wants Kim Kardashian to be a Fashion Icon
m “Sexting” cited as high risk behavior in tweens and teens
b Today's DJIA Dow Jones Industrial Average, Nasdaq, S&P 500 stock market  ...
b Bank of England issues warning over interest rates
e The first Jurassic World photos have everything you love about Jurassic Park  ...
e 'Captain America' too tough for 'Rio'
b 'Hidden Cash' Twitter Scavenger Hunt for Money to Come to LA
t Gas price could rise on Middle East turmoil
b Stocks rise on strong retail sales reports
b Fox's Bid Was Made Possible by Time Warner Chief's Revival Program
e Jazz Great and New Age-World Music Pioneer, Paul Horn, Dies at 84
e The Latest 'True Blood' Casualty Speaks Out About That Shocking Exit
t Google snaps up Songza
e Colbert Report Joke Leads To Sincere #CancelColbert Campaign
t Most people on Twitter do not tweet
t Radio operators plan annual field day
e Pregnant and proud! Kourtney Kardashian shows off her baby bump in a gold  ...
b Economist Questions Carney's Rate Hike Comments
t Apple vs. Samsung: Judge refuses sales ban on Samsung smartphones
b Samsung Electronics post 7.12 bln USD of operating profit in Q2
t Smaller handsets could make a comeback any day now
e 'Like a Rolling Stone' sells for more than $2M at auction
b A look at AT&T/DirecTV deal
t Congress, Feds to Investigate GM Recall
m Report: 2 Va. Hospitals Have High C-Section Rates
t GM Reveals Pay Out Plan Amid Fresh Recalls
e Commission offers fireworks safety tips
e Watch this, skip that
t Lenovo expects IBM, Motorola Mobility deals to be completed by year end
t Google+ boss Vic Gundotra is leaving the company
t In brief: Cisco to invest $1 billion in cloud computing
e There's something about `Noah'
m People Choose to Marry Individuals with Genetic Similarities
e 2014 Cannes Film Festival Announces Full Lineup
b Applications for jobless benefits dip to 7-year low
e Brick Mansions: Is RZA's Character The New Nino Brown? [EXCLUSIVE]
b ​Russia and China seal historic $400bn gas deal
e Watch Eminem's Affecting, Spike Lee-Directed 'Headlights' Video
t Intel CEO Brian Krzanich on Getting Back in the Mobile Game (Video)
e VIDEO: Andrew Garfield appears in drag for Arcade Fire's We Exist video
t Install Android v4.4.2 KitKat CyanogenMod 11 Custom ROM to Samsung Galaxy  ...
b Italian manufacturing PMI falls to 3-month low of 52.6 in June
b Tiffany & Co. Profits Rose Steadily In 2014 Q1
b MH370 search: Low-frequency underwater noise detected off India's southern tip
e Justice is served with another helping of Superman
e Kim Kardashian Wedding Update: Beyoncé and Jay Z Skipped Kimye Nuptials  ...
b Burger King faces tax controversy after $11bn Tim Hortons purchase
b UPDATE 3-SanDisk to buy Fusion-io to boost flash storage business
e Lindsay Lohan's 'addictive personality' under control
m Running just 5 minutes per day can reduce your risk of heart attack and stroke  ...
t Forget Songza: try these three music discovery apps instead
t Octopus named “Mum of the Year”
e Is Twitter really killing your relationship?
t YouTube To Acquire Twitch For $1 Billion
m Help wanted: Ebola responders sought to take risks for little pay
b After Euroskeptic rise muddles European Union's future, EU leaders must find a  ...
t Google Glass gets Calendar and iPhone SMS update
t Meteor Shower Late Friday Night
e Everyone On Twitter Was Really Feeling The 2014 ...
t Songza: 5 Fast Facts You Need to Know
b Readers weigh in on issues
e Manic Spider-Man 2 nothing but a blur
e Miley Cyrus stays silly while stay in the hospital
e Chris Martin -- Let Freedom Ring
m Ebola-struck West African nations isolated as airlines stop flights
e The Goonies Sequel Coming -- See Original Stars Now!
e Tony Soprano didn't die - David Chase
b Hewlett-Packard says it's slashing up to 16000 jobs
e Parenting lessons from Game of Thrones
b China-Russia natural gas deal on the way
t Google Glass to be sold to public next week
b California Mayor Resigns After He Was Caught Throwing Dog Shit
e Katy Perry Was Totally Starstruck by Blue Ivy Carter at the VMAs
t Watch Dogs - Backstage Pass, access code, hacking game, evade guards, crane
b NEW YORK — Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily Monday on the  ...
t Google Android TV set-top box to take on Apple TV, Amazon Fire TV: Report
t IBM Unveils Threat Protection System
e '22 Jump Street' Is The Funniest Movie Of The Summer — Review
e The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back  ...
t T-Mobile unveils $100 four-line family plan
m FDA preps long-awaited plan to reduce salt
t Tech: Yahoo's Marissa Mayer Is Disap…
b Investors set their sights on Europe's rising stars
m Motörhead fan's excessive headbanging cause him subdural hematoma
t GM ignition recall causing more crashes
b You're Not Allowed to Sue General Mills If You Like Them on Facebook
t LG offers first official glimpse of the upcoming G3
b Deutsche Bank Upgrades SunPower (SPWR) to Buy; Analyst Sees Path to $2 EPS
t NASA TV to Air Events That Highlight Pluto-Bound Spacecraft
t This App Is The Best Way To Store All Your New Passwords And Avoid The  ...
e 9 Truly Horrible Series Finales: Where Does How I Met Your Mother Rank?
b U.S. Treasury seen loser if Pfizer moves to U.K.
e People Magazine Names Lupita Nyong'o as Most Beautiful Person
m Where There's Smoke, There May Not Be Fire: E-Cigs
t VIDEO: Apple's need for speed in Comcast deal raises questions
t Microsoft wards off FBI order to disclose Office 365 subscriber information
b Whole Foods shares tank 20% under pressure in organics
m Nintedanib, Pirfenidone cancer drugs give hope to patients battling idiopathic  ...
e Movie Review: 'A Million Ways to Die in the West'
t FCC's rules for spectrum auction may level playing field for small carriers
t Android Wear smartwatches: Specs, prices and launch dates for all known models
t Espresso Machine Adapted To Make Coffee In Space
m Pakistan scrambling to meet WHO's polio travel restrictions
b Apple to acquire Beats Electronics for $3 billion
t Soyuz spacecraft with US-Russian team successfully links with International  ...
e Stacy Keibler Married Some Guy Who Isn't George Clooney
b Argentina blames US mediator for debt default
t Google lets you launch Android camera by voice command
b US consumers step up spending, but sentiment slips
m Ebola Virus Death Toll Rises to 142 in West Africa
m This Week's Health Headlines
e Zac Efron Table-Dancing To 'Wiggle' Is A Gift To Us All
t Big Bangs, Inflation and B-Modes... Oh, My!
e Sherri Shepherd, Jenny McCarthy Address “The View” Departures
t Apple Gives Customers the Stockholm Syndrome
e LEAH MICHELE PREGNANT WITH BABY BOY: GLEE STAR ANNOUNCES  ...
t Nvidia and IBM unveil NVLink interconnect between CPUs and GPUs
t Beneath Apple's potentially ho-hum earnings, look for these themes
t Space Station Glitch Could Delay SpaceX Launch
e Cannes 2014: 'Winter Sleep' wins Palme D'Or at annual film festival
b $2.6 Billion Fine Levied Against Swiss Bank for Aiding US Citizens with Tax  ...
e 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' lacks 'X' factor (IANS Movie Review)
e Duke porn star offers basketball team NCAA prize
t What's Next for Aereo After Supreme Court Ruling
m Two Americans Continue Fighting Ebola Virus
e QUICKQUOTE: AARON PAUL
e To commemorate their induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, I am using  ...
m Positive results for Exact Sciences' Cologuard cancer test boost stock price
t This Nightsnake Was Almost Left Undiscovered
m Chinese, African artists donate to defeat Ebola
b US Home Price Gains Slow for Sixth Straight Month
e Gary Oldman is wrong, says Mel Gibson's arresting officer
e Powdered alcohol gets press sooner than expected
e 'Steve Jobs' biopic director, David Fincher, said to be out
t TEST DRIVE: Chrysler Ypsilon Chrysler Ypsilon
m Shirt Tracks Your Biosignals
e Business Wire
e Nobel Prize Winner Gabriel Garcia Marquez Dies at 87
b Russia signs massive gas contract with China for 30 years, worth $400bn
e Tuesday Morning Business Brief
t A Faulty Ignition Switch Linked To The Death Of 13 People Could Have Been  ...
b Wal-Mart, Wild Oats aim to disrupt the organic food industry
t Nintendo Q1 oper loss worse than expected, outlook unchanged
m Saudi Arabia reports 8 coronavirus deaths
m Cancer Risk Increases With Prolonged Sitting
e 'Godzilla' debuts with $93 million, making it largest May opening for Warner Bros.
b Zebra Technologies buys Motorola enterprise unit for $3.5bn
b SC awaiting state unemployment figure for March
t Five Key Takeaways From the Frightening IPCC Climate Change Report
b China's JD.com Seeks Jeff Bezos Treatment With $1.7 Billion IPO
t LivePlay: TitanFall & Xbox One Twitch App
t Microsoft expected to launch the Xbox One in China this September
t DOJ Announces Disruption of 'Sophisticated Botnet'
e Macaulay Culkin storms off stage in Manchester
b Yellen's Dots Dash Effort for Greater Fed Clarity on Rate Rises
t Forget the Sony Xperia Z2, It's not Coming to the US Any Time Soon
e A Sonic Story: Putting Together the Macy's Fourth of July Fireworks Show
b Range Bound
m UofA could move to forefront of medical marijuana research
b Missing Malaysia Plane: Australian Sighting Has Signs 'This May Be The  ...
m News of the Day From Across the Nation, March 30
e Emma Stone, Sofia Vergara, Matthew McConaughey & More Read Mean Tweets  ...
t New, larger, iPhone likely in September, says Japanese business daily
m Doctor Says ADHD Does Not Exist
e George Zimmerman Was the Celebrity Guest at a Florida Gun Show
b IBM Shares Scarcer as Buybacks Reduce Count Below 1 Billion
t Facebook launches Connectivity Lab to 'beam' internet to all in the world
e Editorial: Power grab in Thailand
m Pfizer Says Phase 3 Study Of BeneFIX For Hemophilia B Met Primary Goal
b Yellen Signals Continued Support For Low Rates [VIDEO]
e Michael Keaton, Edward Norton, and Emma Stone hit Venice for 'Birdman  ...
e Kim Kardashian marries Kanye West in Givenchy Haute Couture
e Home > Toby Kebbell > Toby Kebbell To Play Fantastic Four Villain?
b Obamacare deadline to be extended for people fighting 'glitches' while enrolling  ...
t Amazon Offers Coins For Apps
m Child and maternal deaths down in SA
e Khloe Kardashian celebrates 30th birthday in Las Vegas
e Karen Gibson: Easter joys
t Honda, Mazda, Nissan Recall Vehicles Over Potentially Explosive Air Bags
b US stocks move higher; Time Warner soars
b US Stocks Follow European Indexes Lower
m Marriage healthy for heart – study
e The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1 has premiered its first full trailer.
b Ousted American Apparel CEO Dov Charney plans lawsuit over termination
t Google Visits Cuba
t Aaron Paul Is Accidentally Turning On Everyone's XBoxes
m ADHD Drug Use Surges in US With Young Women Leading Increase
e She's Not So Scary! Angelina Jolie Holds Hands With Elle Fanning As Maleficent  ...
e Paul Bettany talks friendship with Johnny Depp, 'Transcendence'
e THE VOICE: RECAP FOR MARCH 17, 2014
t Dozens Arrested in BlackShades Malware Crackdown
b US judge accepts SAC guilty plea, OK's $1.2 billion deal
e Scientific tests show 'Gospel of Jesus' Wife' wasn't faked
e Remembering Frankie Knuckles
e Rest In Peace: The Incomparable Mickey Rooney Dies at Age 93
t Stop, thief! Google Glass stolen from Venice, Calif., man is latest in a string of  ...
e Flood of concerns for Noah
e Shane Black Will Direct the Predator Reboot
t T-Mobile US CFO says industry consolidation is inevitable
t Facebook, Instagram, Whatsapp & Mark Zuckerberg: Iranian Court Summons  ...
t Facebook faces investigation by UK regulator over its controversial emotion  ...
e Selena Gomez 'fires' her parents as her managers?
m Allergy from nickel in iPad causes mystery rash on young boy
e Paul Walker brought to life with 'body doubles and CGI' for final Fast & Furious  ...
e 'Pretty Little Liars' Season 5, Episode 6: 'Run, Ali, Run'
b UK manufacturing sector grows
e Freddie Prinze Jr hated working on 24: 'Sutherland was unprofessional'
e Paris Fashion Week Begins! Check Out the 7 Most Stunning Dresses So Far
b Wal-Mart Seizes on Amazon/Hachette Book Feud
b Fiat Chrysler plans Alfa Romeo drive : Reports
e Rolf Harris mural in Sheffield to be painted over
b King's Lackluster Trading Debut Reflects Investors' Concerns
b Amazon to let users shop via Twitter
e The Real Power in Westeros Revealed in Game of Thrones
e Chatting with Jane Goodall, 'Bears' review
t Healthcare.gov users told to change passwords due to Heartbleed risk
m 4 in 10 US households use cellphones only
e 5 Crazy Things That Happened on the 'Scandal' Season 3 Finale
t Desert dig uncovers huge Atari games dump
b US home prices rise in March: S&P/Case-Shiller
m Surgeons remove 4-year-old's rib to rebuild damaged throat - WNEM TV 5
e Julia Roberts Opens Up for The First Time About Half-Sister's Death
m Smartphone app helps alcoholics stay sober, study finds
e Stars Walk the Black Carpet at "Divergent" Premiere
b Vital Signs: Inflation Expectations Hold Steady—For Now
b Deficits forecast to shrink
m W Africa scrambles to prevent Ebola spread
t Who the Heck Is Iliad, And Why Does it Want T-Mobile?
m Woman saved by co-worker who sang 'Stayin' Alive' while doing CPR
t New Serious Vulnerability Discovered for Windows XP Users
e Robert Downey Jr., wife Susan, expecting second child together
b European stocks mixed on China, Ukraine strains
b More Swiss banks face Credit Suisse ordeal
t Get Set Click: Galaxy S5, iPhone 5S and HTC One M8 camera test
e Selena Gomez Not Considering Scooter Braun As Manager
t OCO-2 Ready for Tuesday's Launch
b May Consumer spending disappointingly weak
t Heartbleed Bug: Dead or Still a Threat?
e Lionsgate to Release Final DIVERGENT Installment as Two Separate Films
e Here's Is Amazon's Content Strategy Explained In One Paragraph
b Tampa area home prices rise, sales fall in March
t Nasa tests 'flying saucer' spaceship for future Mars missions
b Janet Yellen will begin to put her stamp on Federal Reserve this week
m Texas confirms first West Nile case of the season in Tarrant County
t Rolling in it: Comcast profited $1.9 billion in first 3 months of 2014
b AT&T agrees to buy DirecTV for $48.5 billion
b Low foreign tax spurs Medtronic to buy a rival
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Prime Might Be Hard To Come By In Most Countries
e Brian Williams keeps on rapping
t Facebook Study Sparks Ethical Questions
b Post-Rana-Plaza efforts praised
e Aereo television technology goes before Supreme Court
b Stocks face headwinds this week amid Crimea referendum, China growth  ...
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 & 8.4 Specs Leak
m Condition Worsens for American Missionary with Ebola
e Star Wars Episode 7 Cast to Feature Entrants in 'A Force For Change' Charity  ...
b Zebra Technologies to acquire Motorola Solutions' enterprise business for $3.45B
b BoE's Weale says labour market slack suggests tighter rate policy needed
t Some key iOS 8 features reportedly delayed and pushed back to iOS 8.1
e Joe Manganiello Has Been 'Smitten' With Sofia Vergara For Years! Find Out  ...
e Why did David Letterman wait until now to say goodbye?
m Eat more fresh fruit and veg, Brits told in health study
e Lena Dunham's boyfriend, Fun. guitarist Jack Antonoff posts photo of 'sickest  ...
b ACA from an employer's view
t US$36M in devices taken from Samsung plant
e 'The Grand Budapest Hotel' offers a cinematic staycation
m Researchers reveal what the emotion expression 'happily disgusted' looks like
b Why Tiffany (TIF) May Tumble Today
b Bruno Guillon leaves Mulberry
b Aust bond market quiet ahead of RBA
b Malaysia flight MH370: Chinese families vent anger
b Asiana Airlines crash caused by pilot 'mismanagement,' NTSB concludes
b Euro Starts to Slide as ECB Finally Jawbones
b US seeks to fine Southwest $12M
e Hilary Duff still loves estragned hubby Mike Comrie
e 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' Reveals Posters For its Half-Shelled Heroes
b Leave guns at home, Target asks customers
t Why free email services aren't really free
e Fox Cancels 'Enlisted', 'Dads', 'Rake' & 'Surviving Jack -- Find Out Why
b Ex-P&G head to lead Veterans Affairs
b What Yahoo Stock Needs From Tuesday's Earnings Report
t Facebook Defends Experimenting on Users
e Theater Review: Cabaret
t Larry Magid: Apple Weeds Out Controversial App
m Pollution kills 7 million people every year
e Shut up and let me heal: Miley Cyrus
e Miley Cyrus Instagram: Former Hannah Montana Actress Posts Naked Pictures  ...
e North Korea threatens 'merciless' retaliation for film
m Report: iPads May Cause Rashes
t Samsung Galaxy S4 Vs LG Nexus 5: Galaxy S4 Much Ahead
t Apple users urged to change passwords
b Merkel Hopes for Warmer Reception in Athens Return
b GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks rise on earnings, euro falls on inflation data
e 10 Things You Need To Know This Morning
t Mozilla names Chris Beard interim CEO
t OkCupid Taking Stance Against Anti-Gay Firefox CEO
t Latest Apple, Samsung trial starts
e Disneyland Raises Ticket Prices, Suspends Passport Passes
m America's Rapidly Aging Population Means Seniors Double by 2050, U.S.  ...
b French bank, BNP Paribas, to face US sanction
t Programmer Says Heartbleed Bug is Mere Oversight, Apologizes for Exploit
e Peaches Geldof: Daughter of entertainer Bob Geldof has died
e Terry Crews signs on as TV's new millionaire maker
t LG announces new flagship smartphone with 2K display, laser focus
b North Dakota oil industry has a new No. 1 after Whiting/Kodiak deal
e Firelight take Malta into Eurovision Song Contest final
e Celebrity pictures of the day: Tuesday March 11
e Ciara Celebrates Baby Shower with Kim Kardashian -- See the Photos!
b Saffo: Amazon Fire Phone is a shopping mall
m E-cigarettes More Popular Among People With Mental Health Conditions
e MK Nobillette American Idol “Perfect” Video 3/19/14 #IdolTop10
e I Wanna Marry 'Harry' lets contestants believe they can date Prince Harry
b July 2 Premarket Briefing: 10 Things You Should Know
b Netflix Enters Germany, France in Biggest Move Since 2011
e Bob Dylan lyrics for 'Like a Rolling Stone' sell for $2 million
m Juvenile Diabetes or Children with Type 1 Diabetes suffer Memory Loss
t Android Lollipop 4.5/5.0: Understanding Material Design
e 'Tammy' Review: Melissa McCarthy Hits a Pothole
b U.S. Auto Sales Taper Off in June
m U.S. military developing brain device to restore memory
t Technical Hitch Delays US-Russia Crew's ISS Docking
b Corn Planting Concerns Flaring Up
t NASA spacecraft vaporized after crashing into the moon at 3600 mph — as  ...
b Euro hovers near three-week low, inflation key before ECB meets
t EBay Tells Customers to Change Passwords
e Shovel Girl 2014 Vine Fight Video: Death Talk About 16-Year-Old Miranda  ...
e Miranda Kerr Posts Sexy Photo — Is She Naked? (VIDEO)
b Rash of ECB Comments: Separating the Noise From the Signal
t The 250 New Emoji? Here's What They'll Look Like
m Study: Romneycare saved hundreds of lives
e 'Noah' Family Review: 5 Things Every Parent Should Know About the Religious  ...
m Obesity Linked with Higher Ovarian Cancer Risk
m 'Don't wash your chicken' - Aberdeen City Council joins fight against food  ...
e Lindsay Lohan's Shocking List of A-List Lovers Exposed!
b Apple seeks to regain cool with $3 billion purchase of headphone maker, music  ...
b FOREX-Dollar firms in early Asian trade, market eyes Ukraine
t Does Google, in its globe-spanning reach, risk becoming creepy instead of  ...
e Godzilla crushes global box office with biggest debut of the year
e Veronica Mars: Detective Movie Is Faithful to the Original TV Series
b California Pending Home Sales Spike as Short Sales Drop
m ACP: Annual Pelvic Exams No Longer Necessary
b Energy markets – powering up ahead of time?
t General Motors recalls create crunch for parts at local dealerships
b Obama makes public health pitch for carbon rules
b New Zealand's Dollar Close to Record-High Versus Dollar on Weak U.S. Report
e Emma Stone Is Gorgeous in Green at "Birdman" Premiere in Venice
e Films by four French directors short-listed for Cannes' top prize
e More trouble ahead for 1D's Louis Tomlinson as he faces N-word row
e David Brenner, observational humor royalty, dies at 78
t India rejects WHO report saying New Delhi has worst air pollution
t Apple (AAPL) Shares in Focus on Massive Stock Split - Analyst Blog
t 5/22 - CNN Consumer Watch: eBay Hack & Passwords
b UPDATE 1-UK inflation falls to 4 1/2-year low in May, but house prices soar
m Dr. Oz testifies in Washington
e Activists against NYC carriage horse industry picket actor's home
b Research casts doubt on global warming benefits of biofuels made with cornfield  ...
b New hearing called for defaulted Argentina
b New deal creates world's largest banana supplier
b First review: Thai Airways Boeing 787 'Royal Silk' business class
t Google Bans Porn Contents From Its Ad Network
t Samsung releases Galaxy S5 Mini smartphone
t Ebay forces users to change passwords after cyberattack
e Upcoming 'Bachelorette' contestant Eric Hill dies
e Oculus: scores scares with smoke and mirrors
e A Beatle comes to Albany (VIDEO)
t HTC One 2 Verizon Release Date Set for March 25
e Jennifer Lawrence Gushes About Nicholas Hoult, Talks About Hooking Up on "X  ...
e Emmys 2014: Five biggest surprises include Julianna Margulies, 'True Detective'
t UK data regulator probes Facebook over psychological experiment: FT
m Liberia: In 21 Days - Liberia Could Be Declared Ebola Free If...
e Chelsea Lately's Insanely Star-Studded Good-bye Sing-along
e 'Transcendence' proves no match for 'Captain America'
e Katie Holmes - Katie Holmes Goes Topless For Glamour Magazine Shoot
b Astra gets lift in Pfizer fight as US okays heart pill
e Bryan Singer hit by another sex assault lawsuit
e Israel blocks UN envoy from Easter service
b Iraq unrest pushes oil prices up
t Best Meteor Shower of the Decade on May 23, Best to View at Dubai
e Cyrus in hospital after axing show
e Sue Townsend, author of 'Adrian Mole' books, dies
b China signs 30-year deal for Russian natural gas
b Lithium Technologies grabs itself more social Klout for $200mn
e McCartney 'moved' by well-wishers
e Amazing! How Structure Explains Spider-Man's Webs (Op-Ed)
m Official: British Ebola patient to be evacuated
e How I Met Your Mother Series Finale: Twitter Erupts With Angry Fans' Rage
e Brooks: "For us it's five shows, or none at all"
m FDA approves wearable device made to reduce headaches
t UK gives green light for driverless cars
e Journey's Steve Perry takes stage for 1st time 19 years
t GM recalls another 8.4 million vehicles over key flaw linked to 3 casualties
m Makers of sweet treats work to keep names off e-cigarettes
e Macklemore: Antisemite or Schmuck?
b Sit-in draws `hijack' tag
b Missing Malaysia Plane: Racing the Clock to Find Black Box
e 'How I Met Your Mother' finale causes Twitter outrage
t Apple Might Introduce Beats Top Brass At WWDC 2014
b US employers add 209000 jobs as unemployment ticks up slightly
m CDC: As many as 1 in 68 US kids may have autism
m Takeda's Bowel Disease Drug Approved by U.S. Regulators
b Breach Takes Toll As Target 1Q Profit Falls 16%
e Chipotle Cups to Feature Famous Literature
b American Airlines Says Cancellations Hurt First-Quarter Results
b Malaysia denies report missing jet flew on, finds nothing at site of Chinese  ...
b Hunt widens after jet 'debris' clues
b Swiss minister to discuss tax issue with US attorney general
b How Variety Stores Rallied- Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT), Dollar General  ...
e L.A. mayor's F-bomb raises issue: When is the F-word OK to say in public?
t AirPlay no longer requires a Wi-Fi network in iOS 8
t Android Auto Introduced With VW, FCA and Others On Board
m X-ray shows chain saw blade embedded in neck of Pittsburgh man
t Kindle Unlimited launches as Amazon tries ebook subscriptions
b Eurozone banks expected to pay €260 million in 2015 to cover European  ...
t Facebook claims 'communications error' with creepy emotions study
e Movie review: Noah stands out for its visual ingenuity, Crowe's moral heft
e Kim Kardashian flaunts her TINY waist in sexy selfie just a day after car crash  ...
t Asus Android Wear smartwatch will reportedly feature AMOLED screen  ...
e Bates Motel Gets A Third Season
t West Antarctic Glaciers Experiencing 'Unstoppable' Melting; Hold Enough Water  ...
e “Divergent” Wins Box Office Race, “Muppets” Not “Most Wanted”
t Hackers raid eBay in historic breach
b Too Big to Jail Decisions Hide Behind Closed Doors
b LinkedIn Corp (LNKD): Investors Should Pay Attention to User Growth from  ...
t Shipwreck of Phoenician boat near Malta reveals cargo from 700 BCE
e Gowns, stars and bottom squeezing - it can only be the Met Gala 2014!
t March 20: Celebrities first ever tweets for Twitter's 8th Birthday
e Pro-Choice Video Looks to Normalize Abortion Says 'It Doesn't Make You a Bad  ...
b Dollar jumps against euro on prospect of ECB stimulus
b WORLD 'WILL NEED 37000 NEW PLANES'
e HBO Shows Will Stream on Amazon Prime
t Tech's Best 2014 April Fools' Jokes
t Camaro vs. Mustang one of America's Best Rivalries
b Intel lifts revenues guidance on strong demand for business PCs
e Ciara & Future Have A New Baby Boy
b No confirmation of objects linked to MH370
b Fed's Plosser says 'uncertainty' slowing US recovery
b Stock futures up ahead of Fed speakers, Target
m Bedtime TV affects kids' sleep badly
e EXCLUSIVE VIDEO: Demian Bichir Talks 'Dom Hemingway' and 'The Bridge  ...
t Bigfoot Hair Samples Reveal Creature's Identity, New Study
b UK company offers to track planes after Malaysian loss
t Google sees 120 percent jump in government snoop-data requests over four years
m Scientists get much closer to cloning human embryos from adult stem cells
m Watch This Disabled Baby Goat Take His First Steps
e 'The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1': Peeta & Snow Unite In New Trailer
m Hepatitis C Breakthrough Promises Over 90% Cure Rate
m Absence of Federal Regulation Makes E-Cigarette Companies try Different  ...
e Exclusive 'Divergent' Clip To Debut At 2014 Woodie Awards: Get A Sneak Peek  ...
b Amazon's next smartphone to be flanked by 'Prime Data,' report says
t Google showcases own-brand self-driving car
e Star Wars Episode 7: Godzilla director Gareth Edwards and Gary Whitta hired for  ...
b Yellen's Comments Spark Rally on Stock Market Today
b Zillow-Trulia inks USD 3.5 billion stock deal
e Khloe Kardashian Celebrates Her B-Day; Sherri Shepherd and Jenny McCarthy  ...
b Johnson & Johnson Beats Earnings and Will Lift Dow, Biotech: StockTwits
b U.S. Public Lands Fading As Fossil Fuels Source
e Kaley Cuoco And Big Bang Theory Co Stars In Limbo As Contracts Remain  ...
m The Number One Reason Elders Should Be Online
b COPY-Del. Closes I-495 bridge because of column tilt
b US agency: Airlines should disclose baggage, seat fees
t 2014 Business Insider Reader Survey: What Tablet Brand Do You Prefer?
b US indexes drift higher; Tiffany gains - KWWL - Eastern Iowa Breaking News  ...
e Alien: Isolation Pre-Order Bonuses Include Two Bonus Missions, Allows You to  ...
e Julia Roberts Breaks Silence on Death of Half Sister
e Security Video Appears to Capture Solange Attacking Jay Z in an Elevator at the  ...
e Captain America: The Winter Soldier: Scarlett Johansson Helps Carry the Marvel  ...
b European Stocks Decline After Weekly Gain; Asos Drops
b US EPA Studies Whether To Regulate Methane From Oil And Gas
e Film reviews: Boyhood | Begin Again
t Hubble Shows Great Red Spot On Jupiter Is Smaller Than Ever Measured
e Drag queens in Tel Aviv
e Driver pleads not guilty in Morgan crash
b Red Lobster's Biggest Fan Gives Advice to Chain's New Owners
e Amazon.com Inc unveils Prime Music streaming player, but without Universal  ...
m Placenta genes 'underpin health differences between girl and boy babies'
b The Energy Weapon
m FDA Approves Inhaled Insulin Drug Afrezza
t Tech stocks waver ahead of Yahoo, Intel reports
e The Game & TI Get In Standoff With LAPD After Entourage Catches The Fade
e Christine McVie returns to Fleetwood Mac for next fall's 'On With the Show' tour
e Ruby Dee, a graceful yet fierce theatrical and political trailblazer
e Dakota Johnson hopes her parents skip seeing 'Fifty Shades of Grey'
e Drew Barrymore Releases Statement On Sister's Suicide
t AMD realigns two-year plan around 'ambidextrous computing'
e Ruby Dee kept giving to the theater, to social causes and to Cleveland: An  ...
b Oil falls below $108 on China data, supply concerns limit decline
t Mazda recalls cars over spiders, again
b European central banks strike new gold agreement
t Climate Change Research is All Wet
e Country singer and cancer survivor Kevin Sharp dies at 43
e Website of the day: Goop
e Katie Holmes: Motherhood comes first
e Kristen Stewart Steps Out With Short Orange Hair In Paris
t Tech overlord EMC swallows cloud firm TwinStrata
b Megan McArdle: Is Obama cooking the Census books for Obamacare?
t Apple hanging WWDC 2014 banners at Moscone West [UPDATED]
e Matt Smith Demands That We All Look At His Muscles In Lost River Clip
t “Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Release Date: Possible Collision with iPhone 6 Could  ...
b Dmitry Rybolovlev, Russian oligarch, ordered to pay ex-wife $4.5B
t Microsoft's Windows to aid PC market revival in 2015
e Eminem and Rihanna reveal dates for 'Monster' stadium shows
e 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' Rides a Dinobot to the Top of the Box Office
e MTV Movie Awards host Conan O'Brien promises nudity, fire at this year's show
b Amazon vs. Hachette: What's Going On?
t TweetDeck Briefly Shuts Down in Response to Security Flaw
b Iran, P5+1 to begin fresh nuclear talks on July 2: Araqchi
m Ebola Death Toll Rises To 467 In West Africa
e President Obama Dedicates 9/11 Museum
b Insight - How Credit Suisse got a stiffer penalty than UBS
e MTV Is Bringing 'TRL' Back!!!! (For One Day Only)
m Saudi MERS death toll rises to 168
m FDA Approves Novel Implanted Sensor To Monitor Heart Failure
e Chris Brown Jailed For One Month: His Mom Breaks Down In Court
e Video: Miley Cyrus and the Flaming Lips star in a super-trippy short film
b Looking Back at Alibaba's Success and Setbacks
b HSBC Mortgage Rate Increases Today Mar 18
t Silicon Valley tech chiefs meet with Obama
e Avicii and Afrojack Fight Health Problems in Miami
e Ciara names baby boy Future Zahir Wilburn
e No Biebs or Bieliebers at Toronto hearing
e Jon Hamm Recalls "Soul-Crushing" Soft-Core Porn Days Before 'Mad Men  ...
e Frozen's Elsa May be Headed to TV Before the Great White Way
b WRAPUP 3-US new home sales hint at prolonged housing weakness
e Superheroes Banter on the 'Captain America' Red Carpet
b Uber Taxi App: Coming to a town near you soon?
t SAP and Microsoft integrate cloud applications
m Foster Farms recall a good reminder to practice food safety for July Fourth
m Epilepsy And Medical Marijuana: Illinois Lawmakers Approve Bill That Could  ...
e Oprah's New Favorite Thing: Starbucks's Howard Schultz
b Sally Beauty data breach: 25000 customers
e Justin Bieber's Fair Fire To Seth Rogen: 'Sorry I didn't bow down'
t Facebook Initiative to Bring Internet to Remote Areas
b 10 Things You Need To Know This Morning
b Bay State Single-Family Home Sales Decline For Fourth Consecutive Month
t Families in Wisconsin crash that killed 2 girls sue GM
e Game of Thrones S04 E02: “The Lion and the Rose” holy crap
b Crude prices rise in Asia on Iraq violence
t China Investigates Four Microsoft Offices For Alleged 'Antitrust' Activity
b GE reports 'productive' meeting with France's Hollande
b China's Alibaba Group aiming to raise $1 billion in IPO
e Abortion advocates, foes draw lines over viral video of woman undergoing  ...
e 'Divergent' Star Shailene Woodley: 'My Stunt Double Is a Complete Badass  ...
b Monday is last day to sign up for insurance under new federal health law
e Matt Lauer Extends His 'Today Show' Contract For At Least Two More Years
b General Motors Announces 3 New Recalls Affecting 1.54 Million Vehicles
b Why gold is just another speculation and not a safe haven
b China's Gold Demand "Faces 3 Risks" to 20% Growth
t THE NEWS WRAP: Samsung joins the race to get real with VR headsets
m Findings on use of medical marijuana in treatment of certain brain diseases
e Comic-con fans get Hobbit trailer sneak peek
e 'American Idol' finale predictions: Rocker (Caleb Johnson) vs. rocker (Jena Irene)
e Mrs Doubtfire 2: Robin Williams Set to Star in Sequel to 1993 Comedy
b Big Four criticised by Amnesty International
t VIDEO: Nokia Completes Mobile Phone Transfer To Microsoft
e Fifty Shades Of Grey Star Jamie Dornan Working on New Role
m Sugar 'responsible for alarming obesity rates'
e Did Beyonce Slam Jay-Z For Cheating? Inside Their 12 Year Romance
m J&J Pulls Hysterectomy Tool Tied to Cancer Risk
t Crackle's Free Movies And TV App Now Supports Chromecast, And That's Just  ...
e Kiss Enshrined in Rock & Roll Hall of Fame, Refuses to Play at Induction
e 'Divergent' news: Final Veronica Roth book 'Allegiant' to be split into two movies
e Jack White announces new solo album
e Behind the Scenes: Depp on 'Transcendence'
e Review: True Detective Season Finale
t Just a Week after Launch Google Glass Banned from all UK Cinemas
b Target taps Walmart veteran to lead comeback
e Veronica Mars is reborn on the big screen thanks to crowd-funding
b Bitcoin is property, IRS rules (Video)
m Philippines raises crisis alert level in 3 West African States
e Hugh Jackman takes the train to television interview in Melbourne - hilarious  ...
e Actress Ruby Dee dead at 91, daughter says
t Ex-Microsoft Employee Charged for Leaking Windows 8 Info
t 'Watch Dogs' launch trailer out
m Swiss heli-firm denies role in Schumacher leak
e George Clooney Miffed at False Marriage Report, Slams It
e Justin Bieber detained at LAX, not allowed In US
b Brave New Mobile World; Note of Caution on Iraq: Jim Cramer's Best Blogs
e Revealing she was raped as a child, Pamela Anderson opens up about 'most  ...
m YOUR VIEW: Debunking the myths about mental illness
t 'The Internet's Own Boy' movie review
t HTC One (M8): First impressions
e Nicole Richie to star in VH1 reality show '#CandidlyNicole'
m Injured Colorado Olympian moving to rehab hospital
e James Rebhorn, star of 'Homeland,' dies at 65
t Amazon Purchases Twitch TVThe two companies officially announced the deal  ...
t HTC One (2013) vs HTC One (2014) – Specs Overview and Comparison
e Paul Walker crash 'caused by speed'
e Jena Irene has strong night with 'American Idol' down to final four
b Lloyd's of London's diversity adds resilience to soft re/insurance pricing
m Visit to the Pediatrician to Come with Additional Recommendation –...
m Bayer can't claim that aspirin will prevent your heart attack
b This is not 1968 and Russia is not the Soviet Union
m Headbanging can do your head in, medical study finds
e 'Bates Motel' gets third season from A&E
m Police probe Schumacher medical documents theft
t 2014 Ford EcoBoost Challenge Drive Tour Kicks Off in April
b Why Western Union (WU) Stock Is Falling Today
e Obama uses Cinco de Mayo to push immigration bill
t Facebook Rolls Out New Features Or Rather New Buttons
e The Bachelorette Season 10 Episode 3 Recap: Andi Separates the Men From  ...
b UK Inflation Falls to Lowest Since 2009 at 1.5%
e Justin Bieber Back To His Old, Well-Behaved Self Following Selena Gomez  ...
m Three-parent IVF babies only two years away
t Facebook to stop spam in new News Feeds Algorithm
e Lady Gaga Has A Ball With Mosh Pit, A Broken Nose And A Fake ID
b Job growth cools in July, unemployment rate rises unexpectedly to 6.2%
t Red Hat's RHEL 7 RC opens wide next week | #RHSummit
t Facebook's acquisition of Oculus VR draws attention to virtual reality technologies
e On-Set Death Of A Camera Assistant Brings Manslaughter Charges For Director  ...
e Leonardo DiCaprio's Aggressive Dancing At Coachella Will Make Your Monday
m Young cancer survivor's family pleads with company for experimental drug
t Pioneer says CarPlay firmware update for existing 2014 in-dash systems coming  ...
t Cisco pledges $1 billion to help its partners get into the cloud game
m Study Finds Kids Of Gay Parents Doing Great; Expect Further Parenting Studies  ...
e On Fox News, The 'Ban Bossy' Campaign Is A Feminist Plot… For Gender Equality
e George R.R. Martin explains Tyrion's actions in the 'Game of Thrones' season 4  ...
t Charlotte student named 'Doodle 4 Google' finalist
t Lyrid meteor shower peaks tonight: How to watch from anywhere
e Mixtape dethroned: 'Game of Thrones' soundtrack fails
e Goonies sequel in the works, says director Richard Donner
b Time Inc. Spinoff Will Be Complete In June
e Rob Kardashian Works Out With Kim And Khloe BEFORE Kimye Wedding Fallout!
t Gasoline prices down significantly in some areas
t Google to Soon Release Developer Kit for Wearable Devices & Launch a  ...
e KHAZ Country Music News: Saturday is Record Store Day
b Silk Road Bitcoins Worth $19.2m All Sold to Mystery Bidder
t Apple and Samsung in Talks to Settle Patent Disputes Outside of Court
t Cosmos Chronicles How Knowledge Conquers Fear
t GM recalls haven't hurt used-car sales
m Consumer Reports: Best buys for sunscreen
b US futures slightly higher
m The First Lab-Grown Vagina Implants Have Been A Success
b Economy Watch: Pending Home Sales Spike in May; Fannie Mae Delinquencies  ...
t Google Glass getting a stylish makeover
t The specs: LG G3 versus Samsung Galaxy S5, HTC One M8, Sony Xperia Z2
b Malaysia airlines flight MH17 crash: Loss of the two Boeing 777 planes are  ...
t Google buys Titan Aerospace, maker of atmospheric satellites | The Republic
t Dropbox Update Download: Mailbox for Android, Carousel and Many Features
e Will 'Lost' fans like 'The Leftovers'?
t Apple to debut smart home system at WWDC
b India's manufacturing PMI expands marginally in May
e Here's your first look at Superman in Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice
b Google, Barnes & Noble unite to take on Amazon
t Iran summons Facebook's Zuckerberg over privacy
t Nice weather aided Genghis Khan's world conquest
e Review of The Amazing Spider-Man 2
e Local Chocolate Makers Gear Up For Easter
t Amazon fights FTC over request to tighten mobile in-app purchases
t XCOM: Enemy Unknown Hits Android Store
e Local couple gets engaged at Paul McCartney's Albany concert
t Nest Eyes Jetsons-Like Smart Homes With Developer Program
b Quebec drug company Valeant says it's increasing its cash bid for Allergan
m Significant decline in maternal and child deaths globally
e 'Captain America' tops box office for third straight week
e 'Frozen' meets 'Game of Thrones,' because Jon Snow never bothered me  ...
b FED STAYS THE COURSE, DOW GAINS 96 POINTS: Here's What You Need To  ...
m Computer maps 21 distinct emotional expressions — even 'happily disgusted'
b Intel's Q1 net profit beats expectations
e Michigan Olympic champs impress on "Dancing"
b Midday Market Stats: Dow Jones Industrial Average Up on Durable Goods  ...
b Game changer: Major online house hunting companies Zillow & Trulia in talks of  ...
m Record levels of crystal meth production driven by surging demand in Asia, says  ...
e Zhang Xiaogang Smashes World Record With $12.1 Million Sotheby's Sale
b Marchionne staying for big Fiat Chrysler growth plan
e 'The Bachelorette' 2014 spoilers for 'The Men Tell All' episode
b European stocks rise ahead of German data, Draghi speech; Dax up 0.47%
m Chikungunya in Cuba: Six imported cases to date
b FOREX-Yen down on pension fund comments UK wages eyed
e TV industry battles internet viewing start-up in US Supreme Court
e John Waters Gloriously Roasts the Fashion Crowd
e 'Bachelorette' Recap: [SPOILER] Upsets Andi & Goes Home
b Europe stocks hold gains after PMIs; France weighs
e Kim Kardashian - Kim Kardashian's daughter victim of racial slur
b Merkel, in Athens, praises Greek reform progress - WHLT 22 Connecting the  ...
b Shares, dollar jump on surprise turnaround in Chinese manufacturing
e Of Mice and Tired Men: Steinbeck classic returns to Broadway, with James Franco
t NASA TV to Air SpaceX-3 Status Update at Noon EDT April 13
m WellCare Health Plans' (WCG) CEO Dave Gallitano on Q1 2014 Results  ...
e George Clooney 'immediately' hit it off with fiance's family
t Short Takes: April 25, 2014
m Study: Marathon bombings triggered PTSD in some local children
t Ohio gas prices about 6 cents per gallon less than in '13
t Nokia Lumia 630 available in the UK
e Sir Elton John and David Furnish Will Marry: "It Is Our Duty"
b Turkey shuts down Twitter amid rising protests
t Giant hole Siberia end of the world
e Elevator video shows Solange Knowles attacking Jay Z
m In Brief: FDA proposes first regulations for e-cigarettes
e Kimye Wedding Reports Are FALSE – Are They Diverting the Press?
e TV Review: The Emmy Awards
m Patient dies of suspected MERS infection in Medan
e Yale grad Lupita Nyong'o is People magazine's Most Beautiful person
m Three-parent babies 'could be a reality within two years' after report finds  ...
m Agent: Pistorius planned travel with girlfriend - WSMV Channel 4
t EBay Under Fire for Not Handling Its Biggest Cyberattack Ever
e George RR Martin Addresses Controvesial Thrones Scene: “We Never  ...
t A right that cannot be forgotten
t Nike responds to FuelBand shutdown rumors
e Pop-rocker scores song to soothe anxious canines
t Apple Made One Massive Mistake In iOS 8
b Shire surge pushes FTSE up
e TRUE BLOOD: RECAP FOR AUGUST 24, 2014
b New CareerCast Jobs Rated Report Ranks Mathematician, University Professor  ...
t US finds climate change disasters already a reality
b Brent falls below $109 as Libya restarts oilfield
e President Obama and the First Lady Expected to See Broadway's A Raisin in the  ...
e Scottish music talent is to be showcased in Texas
e Zac Efron and bodyguard attacked in LA
e Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 9/11 film poster causes outrage
t Report: Apple talking to Comcast about streaming TV service to bypass web  ...
b Transportation chief: US set to ration highway repair funds as of Aug. 1
e Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin announce separation
m FAA controllers working exhausting schedules
t Microsoft Office Now on iPad
b GameStop Corp. (GME) Releases FY15 Earnings Guidance
e Game of Thrones Season 4 Spoilers: Arya teams up with The Hound
t Apple reportedly building an iPhone-centric mobile payment gateway
m Where families eat with the dead
m Blood test in development to predict breast cancer risk
b Motorola to Vend Enterprise Business
b OFFICIAL: Amaya Acquires Rational Group for $4.9 Billion
m Blood test to give early warning of breast cancer
e Here's Your First Glimpse of Clint Eastwood's 'Jersey Boys'
t Apple's feel-good Earth Day campaign still includes a dig at Samsung
t Samsung expands Galaxy line-up with 4 new smartphones
e What 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier' gets very wrong
b Thailand gives radar data 10 days after plane lost
e George Clooney Engagement: Actor Used Email To Seduce British Lawyer Amal  ...
e 'True Blood' final season trailer: Left for dead
t WhatsApp CEO: Facebook deal will not affect privacy
t Crows complete basic 'Aesop's fable' task
t Twitter Reveals Its Master Plan For Growing As Big As Facebook
t Facebook Is Expanding the Way It Tracks You and Your Data
b Oil, Oil Everywhere
e Amber Heard strips to lacy underwear in sexy photoshoot
e Alexa Ray Joel recovering after collapsing on stage
t LG G Watch and Samsung Gear Live update KMV78V rolls out
e MOVIE REVIEW: Adam Sandler whips up another comedy
b Chipotle To Raise Its Prices
m Anthrax investigation: USDA finds more CDC lab problems
m Obama nominates new Health and Human Secretary
e Circus Collapse Investigation 'Like CSI'
e Everything We Know About Kim and Kanye's Wedding!
m Mumps Ohio Outbreak Spreading to Other States
t Cousteau grandson resurfaces after 31 days under water
t Google sets sights on TVs, cars, watches
b We 'should have done better,' P&G CEO says
t Titanfall Remains the Gaming Titan
e Nicole 'Snooki' Polizzi Announces the Sex of Her Baby- Find Out What the  ...
b American new-home sales drop 2.4 percent in July
t VMware Pours Out New Products to a Virtualization-Hungry World
m Measles vaccine kills cancer in landmark trial
t In Backlash Over Facebook Research, Scientists Risk Loss of Valuable Resource
m Auburn study finds harmful bacteria can survive up to a week in
t Happy Birthday Twitter: Eight great moments since site was launched in 2006
t iPhone Killer? Here Is Amazon's New 3D Phone, the 'Fire Phone'
b China manufacturing improves in May: survey
b Five challenges Target should address
t NASA to Announce Instruments be Carried Aboard Mars 2020 Rover
t Apple's new 21.5-inch iMac
b US economy growing across nation: Fed Beige Book
e Christina Aguilera welcomes Gwen Stefani as her 'Voice' replacement
e First Clip From Rosemary's Baby Is Just Brutal
b Express Soars After Sycamore Says It Plans Takeover Offer (2)
e Lucas Museum to Come to Chicago
b Why is Iranian regime building giant mock-up of US aircraft carrier?
e 'The Amazing Spider-Man 4' Won't Be Directed By Marc Webb
b Federal Reserve Sees End of QE Coming in October
b Target removes CEO in wake of devastating cyber data attack at clothing firm
t Grave UN climate change report says “We are all sitting ducks”
t Sony joins China gaming console market in a joint venture
b Home Depot profit grows, but misses views
e Alicia Keys Recruits Kendrick Lamar For Monster Collaboration [NEW MUSIC]
b Dollar higher vs. euro, sterling close to multi-year highs
t Another reason to love Google Fiber: Fast, free public WiFi
b DMV, MasterCard Investigates Report Of Breach
t Home»Gadgets»Launches»OK Google Google Now Comes To Desktop PCs En  ...
b June jobs report sizzles, unemployment falls to 6.1%
e Terry Crews Joins 'Who Wants to Be a Millionaire' as New Host
t Facebook Faces Investigation Over Emotions Study
e BET Awards 2014: Kerry Washington, Zendaya Wow on Red Carpet
e Find out what 'offensive' comment Juan Pablo Galavis whispered to 'Bachelor  ...
t Apple Announces $30bn Share Buyback and 8% Dividend Boost to Please  ...
t California Congressmen want FCC to mediate Dodgers TV dispute
t New Pink Dwarf Planet 'Biden' Discovered, Hints at Hidden World in Solar System
t International bust targets BlackShades malware. Is your computer safe now?
m A year after injury, Ware to leave Louisviile
e Box Office: Tom Cruise's 'Edge of Tomorrow' Opens to Soft $20M Overseas
t FTC: T-Mobile charged customers potentially bogus fees
t It's that time of the year folks: April Fools!
m Johnson & Johnson Pulls Gynecological Surgery Device From Market
e Beyonce's Sister 'Attacks Jay Z In Lift CCTV'
t Facebook to Boost Video Ads with LiveRail Acquisition
e Star Trek Star Chris Pine Pleads Guilty To Drink Driving And Is Slapped With Six  ...
t Watch Dogs PC Receives Some Stunning 4K Screenshots Taken From The  ...
e 'Godzilla 2′ In The Works
e Jennifer Esposito Called Ex-Husband Bradley Cooper 'Cocky, Arrogant'
e Michael Bay's Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles rises from the sewers in first official  ...
b Carney Excites Sterling Bulls
e Jimmy Page on Zeppelin rereleases, Robert Plant
e Sue Townsend, British author of 'Adrian Mole' books, dies
t It's time for justice, says Apple in US$2 billion case against Samsung
t Nexus 8 to have Intel chip on board?
e James Franco subverts the artist-critic dynamic by calling reviewer a little bitch
b Interview: Anti-China riots in Vietnam destroy ties, spook foreign investors  ...
t CRA confirms 900 SINs stolen from online systems during Heartbleed breach
t Samsung Galaxy S4 Value Edition surfaces in Europe
e Paramount Denies Pope Francis Canceled 'Noah' Meeting With Actor Russell  ...
m Number of Aids deaths rising among Russians
e Oscar Isaac's 'Star Wars nerd-gasm'
m Antidepressant suicide warnings 'may have backfired'
e Of Course Rihanna Wore This To The CFDA Awards
e Tweet here: Self destruct!
t Apple vs. Samsung patent trial - Even the winner will have lost
t Amazon to reveal living room plans at NYC media event next week
t Anti-theft tools being added to mobile devices
e James Franco to make stage directing debut at Rattlestick Playwrights Theater
e Barbara Walters says she wants to 'lounge in bed until 3 in the afternoon' on first  ...
b Deadline approaching to sign up for health care coverage
t Apple's New Headphones Track Heart Rate and Blood Pressure Leak: iOS 8 Will  ...
e Watch: Dakota Fanning and Elizabeth Olsen Are 'Very Good Girls' in First Trailer
b The Dow is at record highs mostly because of this stock
e Streisand's Gay Sex Problem
e That Reese Witherspoon Instagram video is already deleted. Why are stars so  ...
b WTI Crude Oil Heading Below $100
t Microsoft Fights US Court Order Requiring Handover of Overseas Data
b Alibaba rival JD.com sets IPO price range at $16-$18/ADS
b UPDATE 2-Bank of England announces shake-up as it probes FX case
e Watch Coachella 2014 Live Stream Online Weekend 1: When And Where To  ...
e 'The Bachelor' 2014 Spoilers: Juan Pablo Reportedly Fighting With Season 18  ...
m Study: At least 1 in 20 US adults misdiagnosed
e Sherri Shepherd divorce update: There's a baby on the way!
m Moore Scores Well in County Health Rankings Report
e J.K. Rowling Updates World on Harry Potter & Friends
e CBS comedy 'How I Met Your Mother' ends
b Turkey says Twitter 'biased', did nothing to stop 'character assassinations'
t Recent climate change linked to ocean current slow down
b Draghi says a stronger euro would trigger looser policy
e The Cast of Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Tease 'Winter Soldier' Connections
t Dig for ET Atari Cartridges Was a Success
b US plants prepare long-term nuclear waste storage
t UN Environment Assembly Meeting Kicks Off in Nairobi
b Nigerian security agency, JTF, arrests two Britons, others for crude oil theft  ...
t Apple launches new entry level iMac for £899
e Blake Shelton, Miranda Lambert News: 'Boys Round Here' Singer Plans  ...
m USDA: KC restaurant affected in beef recall due to mad cow fear - KCTV5
b San Francisco tells app to stop auctions of parking spaces
b Canada Retail Sales Post Unexpected Drop in March
e Nephew Charged in Shooting of Reality Star
m Blogger refuses to cover up realities of weight loss (Photo)
b Poopgate's Thrilling Conclusion: Mayor Resigns
e 'Blended' Star Bella Thorne On Working With Drew Barrymore & Adam Sandler  ...
e The new Bachelor has been revealed...
t Alcon partners with Google to develop smart contact lens
t Microsoft to cut 18000 jobs over next year
b What do American Apparel and the NBA have in common? Don't ask Donald  ...
m African health ministers discuss response to Ebola epidemic
t Samsung exec sees Galaxy S5 outselling S4, Tizen phone rollout in Q2
e Canadian author Farley Mowat dies at age 92
t Apple hires luxury watch executive
t AG STRANGE REACHES AGREEMENT WITH APPLE ON E-BOOK PRICE  ...
b J.C. Penney Company, Inc. (NYSE:JCP) Delivers Better Than Predicted 1Q Results
t Apple Inc. (AAPL) iPhone 6: Manufacturers Already Receiving Orders
t New iPhone 6 Video Release Shows Device Running on iOS 8
b WALL STREET: US stock set record for third day on close
t Feds hunt 30-year-old alleged to be lord of Gameover botnet
m New Hiring Rules
t Why is Apple buying Beats Electronics?
e Download Lana Del Rey "Summertime Sadness" (Vanilla Ace &
b CBS Corporation: CBS OUTDOOR ANNOUNCES PRICING OF IPO
b Web storage provider Box unwraps IPO seeking $250M
m Skin cancer rates five times higher than 1970s
e In with the old, out with the new at the Emmys
e First Kiss video: Filmmaker gets 20 strangers to make out on YouTube with  ...
b Canadian Stocks Fluctuate as HudBay Drops, BlackBerry Up
e 'Star Wars: Episode VII': JJ Abrams Offers Fans a Chance to Be in Movie
e 'The Bachelorette' review: Marquel Martin, Andrew Poole, and other Andi  ...
e In The Spirit of the Anti-imperialist Victory of Cinco de Mayo: For Anti-racist  ...
e This WTF Kickstarter will make you very confused and incredibly hungry
m Headbanging Motorhead fan gets clot on brain
e Jolie teases 'raw' big-screen reunion with Pitt
b Student loan repayment programs modified for 2014: Your Legal Corner
t Earth to experience a never-before-seen meteor shower next week
e Kim Kardashian: Back to Blonde!
e Kevin Sharp, country musician known for cancer battle, dead at 43
e Captain America: The Winter Soldier has won at the US box office again.
b Councilman Lander Pushing Bill To Require 10-Cents Fee On Plastic Bag
b Experts Explain Why US Didn't Use Sector Sanctions on Russia
t Google founder Larry Page says people shouldn't work so much (which is easy  ...
t Oklahoma news channel "accidentally" cuts Cosmos' mention of evolution
b WRAPUP 1-China commodity imports top expectations as stockpiling supports
m Alzheimer's: new test is 'major step forward'
t Soak in the View with Destiny Panoramas
b Payroll Surge Fuels Self-Sustaining U.S. Expansion: Economy
b Pound Sterling to Indian Rupee (GBP/INR) Exchange Rate eases on PMI data
b Elevated gas prices drive inflation to 2% in April
b NZ dollar jumps as Fitch upgrades outlook
b TSX rises to near-record levels, oil prices head upwards amid Iraqi conflict
t T-Mobile: further industry consolidation isn't a question of if, but when
e George Clooney Off The Market: But Who Tied Down Hollywood's Heartthrob?
e Lena Dunham Says She May Quit Acting After Girls Ends
b US official warns of lawsuit as BofA mortgage talks stall
t Windows Phone to “upset the entire world” later this year
e Radcliffe: New Potter story won't make it to big screen
t Samsung says Apple will be “dancing in the streets of Cupertino” if awarded  ...
t Google Translate Is About To Get Some Incredible New Features
b Fast Food Forward Workers From McDonald's, Burger King, and KFC Plan  ...
m Disease tracker
m Tamiflu: an analysis of all the data
e Has flight 370 been found by … Courtney Love?
m PTSD added to medical marijuana-worthy conditions
t Brian Dickerson: It's a whole new world thanks to Kepler-186f
b New Target CEO has a 'rare combination' of skills
t Burger King Baby meets birth mom, feels 'pure joy'
m OncoBriefs: ASA and Pancreatic Cancer, Depression, Familial Risk
t Oops! Tesla trouble as owner misses the brake
e Justin Bieber Pays Homage to James Dean
m Schumacher manager warns media not to publish stolen medical records
e Fox to make LIVE Grease adaptation for TV?
t NASA testing Low Density Supersonic Decelerator
m Laparoscopic power morcellation not right for removal of uterus or uterine fibroids
e 'Star Wars' cast announced
b Trulia Shareholder Buyout Alert - Acquisition Of Trulia, Inc.- Leading National  ...
b Yen Rises to 4-Month High Versus Euro on BOJ Policy Bets
b ECB: Eurozone loans to private sector still contracting
b Euro rise 'cause for serious concern': Draghi
e How can fully grown adults care so much about their pets dying?
b US says hopeful of WTO deal with India only hours before deadline
b S&P 500 closes hits record close
e Drake Disguises Himself For Jimmy Kimmel's 'Lie Witness News'
t Nasa, Boeing Developing Space Launch System for Mars Rocket
b Canada adds only 200 jobs in July: What the analysts say
b Groupon posts 1Q loss, shares drop after hours
b Hackers Hit Mt. Gox Exchange's CEO, Claim To Publish Evidence Of Fraud
t Facebook to give users a say in ad profiles
e Muse and St. Vincent covered Nirvana's "Lithium" in remembrance of Kurt Cobain
e British Model Christina Appleton Comes Forward In Terry Richardson Scandal
e Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin split: expert advice on how to have a happy  ...
e UAE recent rocker Mick Jagger pays tribute to his late girlfriend L'Wren Scott
e James Franco to make stage directing debut at Rattlestick Playwrights Theater  ...
t Will a Flying Saucer Help NASA Meet Mars Goals?
b Split Views On Gold's Direction For Next Week
t Google Glass Will Be Available For Purchase By Anybody In The US, One Day  ...
m April 9, 2014 (Investigation Update): Multistate Outbreak of Multidrug-Resistant  ...
b Taxis Sow Traffic Chaos in Europe Protesting Against Uber Car App
t Recovering the Meaning of Marriage
t Handoff & Continuity: Finally phone and computer are talking to each other
e Watson dazzles on stormy carpet at premiere
m Heart matters! Married people at less risk of cardiovascular problems
e Mick Jagger Responds To Famed Designer And Life Partner L'Wren Scott's  ...
m Ebola, snakes and witchcraft: stopping the deadly disease in its tracks
b Fannie Mae Hitting $10 Soon?
m New analysis finds that certain cancers are more concentrated in areas with high  ...
b European Markets Rise After Draghi Comments
e Nas movie opens Tribeca Film Festival
t Walmart Tech Specials for Memorial Day – iPad Mini, HDTVs, and More
b P&G profit up in 4Q
m As MERS virus spreads, Saudis question Mecca preparedness ahead of high  ...
e Review: Special effects, superpowers fill up 'X-Men: Days of Future Past'
e IT'S A HOAX: 'Amazing Spider-Man 2' Cancelled in the Philippines
m Germs prefer handshakes to fist bumps
b The most exclusive club in the tech startup world is expanding
e (Books) Veronica Roth gets serious
e Jena Irene: “Dog Days Are Over” by Florence + the Machine - American Idol Top  ...
b ​Turkey's Twitter ban sparks outrage, Google refuses to block YouTube videos
e Game of Thrones Recap: "Mockingbird"
e John Pinette Dies at 50. The Comedy World Mourns.
e Niedner: Film fans certain to flood theaters to see 'Noah'
e Home > Sofia Vergara > Sofia Vergara And Joe Manganiello Are Dating?
e Religion briefs for April 18, 2014
m CDC: American man who met MERS patient has virus, not sick
t Samsung developing its own VR headset: Reports
e Jerry Lewis says women are funny, but not when crude
t Timeline: A History Of GM's Ignition Switch Defect
b Euro's Reserve Appeal Fades as ECB Prompts Decline: Currencies
b Pilot's Mental Health A Concern Amid Jet Mystery
t GM Facing Criminal Probe Over Recall
m Faxton St. Luke's responds to Consumer Reports' low ranking of facility
e 2014 Pritzker Prize goes to Japan's Shigeru Ban
b Friday, April 11 2014 06:29 AM
e Selena Gomez Thinks Justin Bieber Is 'Sex-Obsessed'
e Chris Harrison blogs 'The Bachelorette' episode 9
e Miley Cyrus Disappoints North Carolina: Cancels 'Bangerz' Concert Because of Flu
b Euro edges back as ECB steps up verbal campaign
e Comic Louis C.K. is back for Season 4
e 'The Equalizer' trailer: Denzel Washington stars in action film based on 80s  ...
e Lindsay Lohan Talks Acting Plans, Staying Clean and Oprah's 'Guiding Light  ...
b Report: Germans seize cocaine on its way to Vatican
t Apple seeks order blocking sale of some Samsung smartphones
m Pine Bark Compound Shows Promising Potency Against Melanoma
e Macauley Culkin's band pelted with drinks in England
e Stylish horror: new 'Rosemary's Baby,' 'Penny Dreadful'
e Lady Gaga celebrates her birthday by walking to and from cars in mad outfits
e Sydney Daily Telegraph publishes Duchess of Cambridge's bare bottom photo
t Lytro Illum Is the Next Generation of Light Field Photography
t Remarkable white dwarf star possibly coldest, dimmest ever detected
b Washington State Issuing Pot Shop Licenses
e Which TV Shows Got Canceled, Survived Fall 2014: 'Community' and 'Super Fun  ...
t Nintendo NFC figurines for Wii U and 3DS inbound
t WPC 2014: Microsoft Has a "Challenger Mentality" in Mobile First, Cloud First  ...
t Panasonic, Tesla to build giant battery plant in US
t NASA discovers Earth-sized planet that may sustain life
t Facebook Messenger For iOS Updated With Groups, Photo Sharing, And More
m Panel to Probe if there was a Cover-up of the CDC Mishap
b ELIZABETH ARDEN
t Mars Opportunity Rover Sets New Off-Earth Distance Record
b Disney seeks drone-related air show patents
b Treasuries rise as European rally boosts relative value appeal
t Report: AT&T to snag exclusivity for Amazon phone
e Mary's Meals recreate Pharrell Williams' Happy video for International  ...
t Panasonic and Tesla Sign Agreement for the Gigafactory
t Apple Wants Second Shots at Samsung's Infringement and Money
t The Room Two among free apps on Amazon App Store through tomorrow
e Perez Recommends
e Steven Spielberg's Untitled Tom Hanks Spy Thriller and 'The BFG' Get Release  ...
e Donald Levine, creator of GI Joe figurines died at 86
e 'Jump Street' leads weekend box office
b Friends, colleagues defend pilots of missing Malaysia Airlines plane
b Could We See a Chrysler IPO by October 1?
t PS4 Virtual Reality Headset Dev Kit Features 1080p display, 90+ degree FOV  ...
m Oscar Pistorius deemed fit for trial after psychiatric testing
t Bones of world's biggest dinosaur discovered in Argentina
m May Is Melanoma Awareness Month
e Dancing With the Stars Season 18, Week 8 Recap: Maks and Val Chmerkovskiy  ...
e Eva Mendes Expecting: Pregnant With Ryan Gosling's Baby
b Missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370: Black box position narrowed down to  ...
t Microsoft-Nokia deal done, looking into future of Windows Phone
e After VMA launch, Miley Cyrus says homeless campaign gives her purpose
b Refinance Rates Today: PNC Bank Mortgage Rates Roundup for March 21
e The Honeymoon, Wedding Bands, & Ceremony Glam! More Details From  ...
b GOHMERT: Now is the time to kill Obamacare before it begins killing Americans
t Google turns its logo into giant Rubik's Cube
b Editor's viewpoint: Consolidation in a sluggish US
m WHO says Ebola outbreak small as international response is slammed
e Social Media Experts Are Now Available For Wedding Hire
t Look up! Never-before-seen meteor shower to begin Friday night
t LG G3 now official with 5.5″ 2560×1440 screen, compact body, metallic look
t Climate change poses a threat to public health (Your letters)
b Bank Stocks Often Take Dip After Stress Test
e L'wren Scott - L'Wren Scott's housekeeper reveals money problems
b I-495 bridge in Delaware stays closed; support column tilt blamed on ground  ...
b Medtronic heads to Ireland's greener tax pastures: Other US firms sure to follow
m How to Contain an Epidemic
b Temporary Obamacare program to be extended — again
t Why Facebook has been experimenting on you behind your back
b Archdiocese wins injunction in birth control case
m Baton Rouge ranked third worst city for spring allergies
t Monday's Lunar Eclipse
t Toyota Settles Criminal Charges with $1.2B - Analyst Blog
m Report Says Three Million Deaths a Year Are Related to Alcohol
t Ex-Marine pleads not guilty to killing pregnant Oak Ridge woman
e The Beatles 'A Hard Day's Night' is back on the big screen this weekend, plus  ...
b US employers add 209K jobs in July, labor department says
m Dr. Oz grilled by Senators about 'miracle' weight loss claims
t HTC One M8 vs Sony Xperia Z2: Android Powerhouses do Battle
m Study Ties Daylight Saving Time Change to Rise in Heart Attacks
m Autism in US kids surges 30% in two years, study finds
e TRUE BLOOD
t Activist welcomes whaling decision
b SunTrust to Settle Mortgage-Abuse Claims
b Thousands more Chinese to be evacuated from Vietnam after riots
e Bonello's unauthorized movie "Saint Laurent" tells dark tale of designer Yves  ...
b UPDATE: Health care website up after last-day stumble
m Saudi halts Guinea, Liberia pilgrim visas over Ebola
e Scout Willis goes topless in New York to protest Instagram female nudity rule
e 'Saturday Night Live' Season 39, Episode 15: 'Lena Dunham/The National'
e Michael Jackson: An Alternative Top 10
b Why Yellen's Hint at Rising Rates Spooked the Market
b Americans still clueless about PPACA deadline
b Tim Hortons: Nice To Meet You, America! Have A Buffalo Crunch Doughnut
b Gold prices tick higher in Asia on continued tension in Ukraine
b IBM Reports Revenue Growth in Q2
e Diaz: I was never drawn to motherhood
m Who Will Binge-Drink at Age 16? European Teen Imaging Study Pinpoints  ...
t LG G3 confirmed to launch in 2Q 2014 – Will it arrive in May?
e Lea Michele Celebrates Cory Monteith's Birthday!
e Sia lands atop 'Billboard' chart; 'Frozen' rises again
b Fiat Chrysler announces a five-year plan that outlines a host of new vehicles it  ...
b Most Obamacare Enrollees Pay Premiums
b Tepco Seeks Bids for Thermal Power as Nuclear Plants Stay Idled
e Buy a cheap Alexander Wang designer bag from H&M
e Childhood Ruined: Hello Kitty Is Not A Cat!
e Reports: AC/DC to call it quits after Malcolm Young suffers stroke
t iCloud hack not behind iPhone & iPad ransom attack: Apple
e Lacheys expecting second child new Nick and Vanessa Lachey are expecting  ...
b Exploring The Link Between Unemployment And Crime
e Mila Kunis speaks out against men saying "we're pregnant"
e The Voice: Adam Levine Praises Kristen Merlin After Her Mic Dies
b Elon Musk commits to serving as Tesla's CEO through volume production of  ...
b Proposals for tackling student loan debt
e 'Star Wars Episode 7' Already Starts Filming, Casting Is Almost Complete
b Good news for savers as inflation falls to 1.7%
t Japan dominates made-in-America list
e Comic series takes a risk with Archie Andrews' death
t Microsoft Prepping Windows Phone 8.1 Update for Developers
b AOL.com Article - Committee OKs end to door-slot mail for millions
e Eli Wallach, veteran character actor, dies at 98
m Anti-oxidant in red wine and chocolates does not prevent heart disease or  ...
b GameStop Corp. (GME) Updates Q1 Earnings Guidance
e Don't Stop Til You Get Enough: Michael Jackson's "Xscape" Is Streaming Now!
b World's most expensive divorce: Russian oligarch to pay four billion Swiss francs  ...
t SpaceX Dragon flight features soft splashdown of Falcon 9 first stage
t NASA sets solar flare images to music
e Paul Walker Gets A Tearjerking Tribute At The 2014 MTV Movie Awards
m Resveratrol May Not Be The Elixir In Red Wine And Chocolate
e Dawn of the Planet of the Apes Review
t SpaceX a 'go' for Monday launch
e 'The Voice' Winner: Were You Surprised?
t Happy birthday! WWW celebrates 25 years
e Iggy Azalea, Kanye West Added To Made In America Los Angeles
b US Dollar Lower after Weak US Spending Data
e VIDEO: What You Need To Know Before Watching HBO's The Leftovers
t CIO tips to manage migration from Microsoft Windows XP
b Comcast to face trio of critics at congressional hearing on Time Warner merger
b Subway to Remove "Yoga Mat" Chemical from Bread
e Actor-director Attenborough dies
b Wounded Ukrainian mayor "stable" in Israeli hospital
e Kim Kardashian's Wedding Weekend Fashion: She Wears a Little White Dress  ...
m Doctors veer from routine pelvic exams
b Mt. Gox has found 200000 bitcoins worth around $114 million
t A Walk Through The Surface Pro 3, Microsoft's Ultralight Laplet
b GLOBAL ECONOMY-Asian manufacturing picks up, exports still subdued
t 'Cosmos' recap: Wading into the tide pools of evolution
e 5 real-life lessons you can learn from Game of Thrones
m West Nile Virus detected in Shasta County
m Virus Continues to Plague Midwest
b American Apparel fires controversial CEO
t A Sneak Peek At Tesla's Earnings (TSLA)
t Emotional contagion
e Orlando Bloom feels 'a deep love' for Miranda Kerr
b Cable 'open-minded' over Pfizer bid
b 'Data deleted' from pilot's simulator
t Google bans porn in ads
b Car sales rise again as European economies recover
b EUROPE MARKETS: Erste Slides In Europe After Bank Warns Of Loss
t Study finds volcanoes acted as oases in ice ages
e ​Kristin Cavallari's Baby Name Is a Perfect Fit for Her Family
m New Information Regarding H5N1 Bird Flu And The Fatal Side Effects It Carries
e Rapper reportedly survives self-mutilation, suicide attempt
b Hong Kong stocks end 4-day losing streak
e Amy Adams gives up her first-class seat for American hero
b Biz Break: Investors beat up on Tesla after car maker beats earnings expectations
m Stimulation Treatment May Help Restore Movement After Paralysis
t VIDEO: New Stable Element Found: Super Heavy Element 117, 40% Heavier  ...
m Nearly a third of the world's people are overweight, study says
t California To Issue Licenses For Self Driving Cars Soon
m Smartphone App Helps Alcoholics Quit
e Guardians of the Galaxy: Beautiful Schlock. Get on Up Does Some Justice.
m US study shows children are still struggling with obesity
e Dakota Fanning, Elizabeth Olsen's 'Very Good Girls' releases a new trailer post  ...
m Sperm Meets Egg: How The Magic Really Happens
b Alcatel focused on revamp and cost cutting, CEO Michel Combes says
t Tibetans get high-altitude edge from extinct Denisovans' genes
b Brent above $110
t Cruze sales numbers down for June
e Lupita Nyong'o, Eddie Vedder among 271 asked to join film academy
t Intel backs survival of PCs in world of shrinking tech
m Robotic arm comes to the aid of amputees
e Quiz: Test your Muppets knowledge; new film 'Muppets Most Wanted' in theaters  ...
e Ultra Music Festival 2014 Day One
e Justin Bieber Rear-Ended By Paparazzi, Compares Self to Princess Diana
t Leaked Samsung Galaxy F photo shows metal frame
b UK Loses Early Court Challenge Against Transaction Tax Bid (2)
e 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier' - Superhero and Marvel return to top form
b Detroit launching auction website to sell abandoned homes
e Churches around Lake County plan Holy Week services
b Nokia 'Superman' Revealed: Windows-Powered Selfie Phone Tipped To Arrive  ...
b Record US fine will not hurt company, says BNP Paribas
t Microsoft reports more than 5 million Xbox One consoles sold
m 7 tons of hummus recalled from Target, Trader Joe's
b Pending home sales jump in May, but pace for year slow
e 'Dancing With The Stars' Season 18 Spoilers: Who Went Home And Who Is Safe  ...
e Powerpuff Girls slated for TV, retail reboot
e Pat Sajak: “global warming alarmists are unpatriotic racists”
m Dead crow found in Sauk Co. tests positive for West Nile
e Fandom Friday: The Lion and the Rose
b VenBio Scores Again as Genentech Pays $1.7B+ for Seragon Pharma
m Lincoln No. 8 in well-being index
b Ukraine gets financial lifeline from IMF in return for major reforms
t Mac OS X 10.10 Mail junk update filters more spam
e Peaches Geldof, daughter of entertainer Bob Geldof, dies at age 25
b US STOCKS-Wall Street to open higher, Yellen remarks awaited
e Johnny Depp shows off 'Chick's Ring'
b Cheaper gas, food lower price index
t Tesla, Panasonic to build joint battery plant
m Flu mist instead of flu shots?
b US Navy Seals take control of North Korean oil tanker in Libya
t Apple awarded $119M, but who's winning the fight? - KHGI-TV/KWNB-TV/KHGI  ...
e DWTS's Partner Change-Up Week: Who Was Most Improved?
b TAKE A LOOK-Asia c.banks: BOJ stands pat, keeps upbeat view despite Japan  ...
m Samsung Electronics chairman Lee Kun-hee hospitalized after a cardiac attack
t Amazon Is Giving Away 31 Of Its Most Popular Paid Apps For Free For The Next  ...
m Another Piece of the Fraud Puzzle
b Flying over war zones: what countries should Australian travellers avoid?
e James Cameron plans to finish all three 'Avatar' sequel scripts within six weeks
e Extra Scoop: Angelina Jolie Says Hollywood Moms Shouldn't Complain
e Kim Kardashian, Beyonce allegedly are not friends
e Get the Most Popular Beauty World News Stories in a Weekly Newsletter
e Kim and Kanye's 'choreographed wedding dance'
e Adam Levine stunned after Blake Shelton tweets out his phone number 0
m WHO calls for higher tobacco taxes to save more lives
e Willow Smith, Moises Arias Instagram Photos Appropriate? Why Jada Pinkett  ...
m Oscar Pistorius and Reeva Steenkamp were in a 'loving relationship' and 'used  ...
t Apple's new MacBook Pro with Retina display models unboxed, SSDs speed  ...
m Breast cancer medicine shows success in trial
e Robin Thicke's Paula Campaign: Twista, Tinashe and Sage The Gemini Weigh In!
m Bionic Pancreas Shows Promise for Type 1 Diabetes
e More Photos - Kim Kardashian Celebrates Upcoming Wedding With Her Family  ...
e What did we see at the Kids' Choice Awards? Anna Williamson's blog
b REAL ESTATE: SunTrust Mortgage agrees to $550 million settlement for lending  ...
e 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' Teaser Trailer Reveals Heroes in a Half Shell
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West wedding bands were designed by close pal
b Italian lender backs 5 bn-euro capital increase
t Starbucks Stores to Receive Wireless Charging Courtesy of Duracell Powermat
b Investors Place Bets on Bank Of England Rate Hike
t Phil Spencer replaces Marc Whitten as head of Xbox
b Jet disaster averted in Barcelona near-miss
e 'Amazing Spider-Man 2' Game: Carnage Confirmed in New Trailer
m Rise in skin cancer linked to cheap holidays
e Overweight Rob Kardashian is taking his trainer to Kim's wedding
e The Voice: First Night of Battle Rounds Includes Strategic Steals
t Google Project Zero aims to keep the Heartbleed Bug from happening again
e Original director of 'The Goonies' is working on a sequel, and he wants the whole  ...
e 'View' host Shepherd's husband seeks separation
e Robin Thicke to debut song for wife at Billboard Awards
t Google plans to open first retail store in New York City
e Kim Kardashian flaunts her toned legs in a sultry black slit dress (see pics)
e Anthony Cumia of 'Opie and Anthony' radio host fired over racist Twitter updates
t Best Ultrabooks 2014: Microsoft Surface Pro 3
t Google switches Gmail to HTTPS only
b US new home sales rebound, inventories at 3½-year high
b Target faces identity crisis
b Traders look to Crimean referendum, Chinese growth
e Rolling Stones play first gig since Jagger's girlfriend L'Wren Scott's death
e Justin Bieber Selena Gomez Dating Again? Watch Sexy Dance Routine Here
t Surface Mini Might Not Be Announced Today [Rumor]
b Fed's George: Economy 'Best Served' By Fed Raising Rates
e For a buzz, just add water: Feds approve powdered alcohol
b Wheat Climbs Most in 2 Weeks as U.S. Conditions Decline
m The Cheesecake Factory, Red Robin dishes receive 'Xtreme Eating' awards
b Family Dollar cutting jobs, slashing prices
e Olivia Palermo 'marries Johannes Huebl in secret New York ceremony'
e 2014 Cannes film festival reveals Un Certain Regard awards
b Tax deadline filing tips
t EA and Activision Blizzard sales beat targets, shares soar
e Kim Kardashian Shows Off Some Serious Sideboob For Lunch In Paris Ahead Of  ...
t Out of this world: Photos of Grand Canyon taken by astronauts show natural  ...
e Gossip site says Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez are shacking up
e Miley Cyrus slams drug overdose rumours
e 'Captain America,' 'Rio 2′ Both Aiming at $46 Million Weekend
b Piketty 'appears to have got his sums wrong, Financial Times says
e Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Picture of 'Shredder' Leaks, Definitely Is Michael  ...
e The Jay Z and Beyoncé Divorce Plot Thickens
t Google Glass has a sniper app
e SNL Spoofs Sterling
t Report says an "Android TV" next plan for Google
e Maksim Chmerkovskiy, Meryl Davis declare: 'We're not dating'
t Facebook launches mobile app in Zambia with free Internet access
b Did Someone Front Run Michael Lewis?
e MTV VMAs 2014: Nicki Minaj, Jessie J, Ariana Grande Performance
e Security Footage Allegedly Captures Solange Attacking Jay Z
b Biz Break: Google-eBay merger suggested amid e-commerce upheaval
t Crows Understand Water Displacement Proving Aesop's Fable
t Internet bug spurs HealthCare.gov to reset customer passwords
b IRS inspector warns of massive phone scam
b BP plc (ADR) (BP) news: Oil spills into Lake Michigan from BP's Whiting refinery
t GM CEO to customers on ignition switch defects: 'You are our compass'
t First Amazon Fire TV, now Google looks set for its own games-ready Android TV
b The Pot Sues The Kettle: Wal-Mart Suing Visa Over High Fees
t Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 10.1 vs Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 – Comparison of  ...
e Kaley Cuoco On the Cover of Cosmopolitan Magazine; Talks About Past Fling  ...
t Spencer explains why Microsoft didn't bring Windows games to E3
t Marquez grabs pole for Americas Grand Prix
b UK government's lending targets were 'fake', says Tim Geithner
e Movie Beat: Darren Aronofsky's “Noah” powerful but dark
b Groupon Inc (GRPN) Earnings Preview: Weak Guidance Expected
t U.S. announces $1.2B settlement with Toyota over disclosure of safety defects
e First look at new Superman
e Begin Again - John Carney Shot Levine & Knightley In Times Square Without  ...
m Ebola Virus Is Out Of Control In Africa
e Kim Kardashian reveals she's been 'sickened' by racism in personal essay
e Zac Efron Makes Good On His Promise To Accept Award Shirtless
m Bionic Pancreas can Help Type-1 Diabetes Patients to Control Blood Sugar Levels
t Study: Fishing practices needlessly ravage sea life
b Gas Prices Highest In Six Years
e Transformers actor Shia LaBeouf arrested in New York for Cabaret performance
m Electrical Brain Stimulation Could Lead To Lucid Dreams; Possible Benefit For  ...
e MOVIE REVIEW: 'Godzilla' lacks the fun of a monster movie
t Aliens exist: US lawmakers told by US astrobiologists
t Comcast agent's 'belligerent' tone prompts apology
e Money Talks: Prince, Formerly Warner Music's “Slave,” Signs Major Deal with  ...
t Caution needed on whaling decision - McCully
b BNP chief offers 'regrets' for financing terrorist states after $9B fine
t Facebook Creates Slingshot App to Compete with Snapchat
e The thousands of immigrant children pouring across the nation's southern border  ...
e Mark Ruffalo reportedly blames Ben Affleck for ruining his friendship with  ...
t Comet racing towards Mars, will flyby just 84000 miles of Mars
b 9 Tax Day freebies on April 15
t GM prepares to recall 33-thousand Chevy Cruze models
e Future and Kanye brag about their women, Ciara and Kim Kardashian in a new  ...
e Twitter Terrorist Threat Against American Airlines, Dutch Teen Sarah Arrested
e Jon Hamm had 'soul-crushing' soft-porn gig: Video of Hamm on dating show in  ...
t The World Wide Web: By the numbers
e The Bachelorette boosts ratings but divides viewers
t Whirlpool Selling Nest-Enabled Laundry Pair
t Arkansas governor's aide says state death toll revised to 14, as 2 victims were  ...
m Company will provide medication for dying 7-year-old Josh Hardy
b Lafarge and Holcim in mega merger talks
t T-Mobile To Soon Let Users 'Test Drive' Its Network For A Week Using An  ...
e Vogue Accused of Selling Out over Kim Kardashian Cover
e Review: Ain't No Thing Like James Gunn's 'Guardians of the Galaxy'
e MTV Movie Awards Style Roundup!
m Filipino health worker dies, five others infected with MERS in UAE - agency
b S&P 500 futures rise
b Home»News»Business»Barclays to slash around 14000 jobs this year as it  ...
e Fast and Furious actor Paul Walker killed in Porsche car at speeds up to 151km  ...
t With iOS 8, iPhone Camera May Be Ready for Photographers
b Google eyeing up to $35 billion in foreign buyouts
t Facebook faces ICO questions over 'social experiment'
e Kim Kardashian, Is This Really Your Shoe Collection?!
t The Non-Glasshole's Guide to Buying Google Glass on April 15th
m US scientists believe young blood improves brains, muscles of old mice
t Liddick: Elon Musk and a lawsuit over Russian rockets
e The-Dream ARRESTED For Felony Assault -- Allegedly Attacked Ex-Girlfriend
t Internet outraged by Facebook's 'creepy' mood experiment
e COACHELLA 2014: Looking back on Friday
b US Stocks Fall on Retail Earnings as Small-Caps Retreat
e NYC 'Transformers' Premiere
e US: Ellen DeGeneres announces plans for her new lifestyle brand
t Nexus 6 Concept Packs Larger Screen, HTC Features [Video]
b New home sales climb, but don't match year ago
e 'Big Brother,' 'Rising Star' steady Sunday; Miley Cyrus concert special quiet for  ...
e Tinder to Introduce Verified Accounts for lovelorn celebrities
e Game of Thrones Purple Wedding Reaction Compilation
t BBM for Windows Phone 8 beta is now available for anyone to download
b VIDEO: China's rubber stamp parliament makes some notable omissions
t Nokia X2 Android Smartphone Unveiled By Microsoft
t PlayStation Responds To ISIS Terrorist Lizard Squad Hack After Sony John  ...
b Pulaski Skyway shutdown begins; NY-bound lanes closed until 2016
b Two Fed presidents show contrasting views on housing
e Terry Richardson's dark, twisted fantasy world
e Review: Menzel Shines But 'If/Then' Too Sloppy
t White House, US spy agencies deny NSA exploited 'Heartbleed' bug
b Snooping incidents are completely unacceptable: Sushma to Kerry
t Appalachian Salamanders Appear To Be Shrinking Due To Climate Change
t Reports: Amazon is building its very own smartphone
e 'Orange is the New Black' Season 3 Announced by Netflix
e Aquila backs $1.4B Baosteel & Aurizon bid (01:05)
b Global economic momentum could be 'less robust than expected'
b Euro Mixed After ECB President Draghi's Speech
e Pop Psychology: Music may be rare on Game of Thrones, but when it's there, it's  ...
b Disappointed With Indias Blocking WTO Trade Deal US
e 10 Things Parents Should Know About X-Men: Days of Future Past (Spoiler-Free)
b Bank of America executive to pay $10 million in suit
e Robin Thicke on CBS Sunday Morning
b Best Buy Co Inc (BBY): Sales Still Falling But Progress Made
e 'X-Men: Days of Future Past': 3 Minute (or Mutant) Movie Review
t Graco buckle recall: Find out if your car seat is among 1.9 million recalled
e Jada Pinkett Smith slams media over daughter's controversial pic
b UPDATE 1-Fees fuel 13 percent profit rise at Morgan Stanley wealth unit
t Police charge man in Heartbleed breach at Canada Revenue Agency
e Five Coronado Churches Pack 30000 Meals for Hungry Children
b Aircraft Tracking Changes Mulled After Malaysia Airlines Flight's Disappearance
e Kate Middleton beams with pride as Prince George shows off walking skills at  ...
e Re-Viewed: A Hard Day's Night, Richard Lester's Beatles brilliance
b California severe drought intensifying as Napa wildfire rages on
t Toyota pays $1.2 billion to escape prosecution for defect deaths and injuries
b Gold steady; platinum gains as strike in South Africa ends
e Anna Kendrick and Pharrell Williams Full SNL Highlights, VIDEOS
m E-Cigarette Market is Booming, Study Finds
e True Blood's Latest Fatality Talks Tonight's Episode (SPOILERS)
t Explainer: Should You Change Your Password After Heartbleed?
t Apple Adds "Entry-Level" $199 iPod touch to Lineup
t Is Google About To Up The 'Smart Home' Ante By Acquiring Dropcam?
e Dave Chappelle Describes The Moment He Realized Kanye West Would Be A  ...
t Microsoft is done searching through your email to find stolen property
e 'Here We Are Now': 20 years after Kurt Cobain's death
t Tesla's Elon Musk champions open source cars: 'All Our Patent Are Belong To You'
b Tweet straight to your Amazon shopping cart
t Google confirms entry into watch market
b Target fires president of Canadian operations, Tony Fisher
t Oculus virtual reality headset smacked by legal reality of lawsuit
b Objects spotted in Indian Ocean could be debris from missing plane
b Tech stocks' rapid descent bringing high-flying companies back to earth
t Twitter debuts two new features: one for collaboration, one for passive-aggression
t Investors Send Twitter Up 11.4% Following Gnip News, Adding $2.7B To Its  ...
b ETF Asset Flow Roundup: U.S. Equity Gains, Treasury Lags
t Netflix Stock Takes a Hit After Apple-Comcast Report Surfaces
e Majesty Rose talks 'Idol' exit, future plans
t Gchat down: Major outage hits Google services
t Why is Netflix Slow? The FCC Wants to Find Out
e This Game Of Thrones "Recap" Will Have You In Stitches
e Scout Willis takes topless New York City stroll to protest Instagram
e Jack Gleeson: Purple Wedding & His Future
b June jobs report shows recovery accelerating
b Target Shareholders Should Oust Directors, ISS Says -- Update
b BOND REPORT: 10-year Treasury Yield Hits Lowest Of Year
t Tesla vote heads to NJ Senate
t Diane von Furstenberg Designs New Line of Google Glass
e Katie Couric marries financier in small ceremony at her Hamptons home
e Michael Jackson hologram lures most viewers in 13 Years to 'Billboard Music  ...
b J&J 1st quarter net up 8% on sales jump, lower costs
b Three-Day Weekend Will Kick-Start July 4th Travel
b Stocks edge higher at start of a big earnings week
b Fed head Yellen's speech today in focus - Deutsche Bank
t Activision Blizzard Posts $1.11B for Q1 Financials, Bolstered by Diablo and  ...
b Duke Energy seeks to keep records from regulators, public
m Hospital purchases of medical groups catch regulators' eyes
m Study finds rise in suicide attempts after FDA warning
e Bachelor Finale Sneak Peek: Clare Crawley, Nikki Ferrell Prepare for Juan  ...
e 'Game Of Thrones' Season 4 Spoilers: Explore Tyrion's Trial, The Iron Bank And  ...
t REFILE-UPDATE 3-Microsoft targeted in apparent Chinese anti-trust probe
t Nasa releases Earth's 'global selfie'
b Symantec fires CEO Bennett, names Brown as interim replacement
e Kim Kardashian & Kendall Jenner: Sisters Tour $21 Million Penthouse
b Earnings and corporate deals lift stocks
b Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac Senate Vote Delayed Amid Concerns
b REFILE-Euro zone manufacturing growth eases in June, France slowdown  ...
b US housing regaining footing as supply improves
m World to 'Light It Up Blue' for Autism Day
b (Flight MH370) Pilot deleted files from Boeing 777 simulator at home
m Company Refuses To Give Experimental Drug To Dying Child
b A tilting bridge in Delaware has been closed 'indefinitely,' shutting down a major  ...
t Esa-Pekka Salonen's Ad for Apple
e Alicia Keys announces pregnancy
e Grimes Declines Ice Bucket Challenge Over ALS Association's Animal Testing  ...
t Fan TV's Streaming Set-Top Box Will Soon Be Available To Time Warner Cable  ...
m Study: Moms need iodine for their babies
e Costner, sons celebrate 'Field of Dreams' anniversary
e Harrison Ford breaks ankle on Star Wars film set
t Iceland lowers volcano warning after quakes, no sign of eruption
b Hong Kong Stocks Climb From Biggest Drop in Three Months
e Avicci concert in Boston: 36 hospitalized, more treated due to drugs, alcohol
m Talk with Lead Author of Study of Exercise's Benefits to Sedentary Seniors
m A guy thing: Eating disorders increase in men
b US Treasury Bonds Rise on Iraq Worries
t Sony Xperia T2 Ultra vs Motorola Moto X - Specs and Price Comparison
e Approval of powdered alcohol taken back
b Whiting to top Bakken oil firms in $6B Kodiak buy - WXOW News 19 La Crosse  ...
b Ukrainian tensions land fresh blow on struggling global stocks
b Amazon's Bezos: We have eighth generation drones in the works
e Bachelorette 2014 Eliminated Marquel,Andrew,& Patrick Tonight In Episode 5  ...
t GM, safety agency face angry Congress over recalls
m Officials say releasing Medicare data will help public fight fraud.- 1:27 pm
b Real estate website Zillow buys rival Trulia for $3.5 billion
m UN health agency presents new plan to eliminate tuberculosis in low-burden  ...
e N Korea slams Kim assassination comedy as act of terror
t DMV: Boy can't retake license photo in makeup
e Why I love Record Store Day. And why I hate it
e Takei'ng on the Westboro Baptist Church
t How to use your Xbox or PlayStation controller on your PC
e Gwyneth Paltrow Doesn't Look Too Thrilled Living The Single Life...
t Rare Cannibal Fish Found ALIVE in North Carolina
e Lea Michele dated Matthew Morrison
e Kimye Krisis: Is the French Wedding Off?
m First human case of Chikungunya in Texas
e Retro Games Help Save Nature at Coachella 2014
m More than 30000 children have landed in the emergency room after  ...
b Khazanah seeks to de-list MAS
m Olive oil lowers blood pressure
t Sony's Project Morpheus VR to take on Facebook's Oculus headset
t From Skype Translator to Xbox: Check out Microsoft's new vision under Satya  ...
b BoE Inflation Hearings: Will Carney Drive Sterling Towards $2?
t Is Amazon's Fire Phone a Threat to Apple & Samsung?
t Google's Project Tango may include 7-inch tablet that can capture 3D images of  ...
m Cologuard Cancer Test Aces FDA Panel Review
t WH: Climate Change Touches Every Corner of US
t iPad Pro, iPad mini 3 iPad Air Competitor Galaxy Tab S Line to Feature Superior  ...
b Schumer presses Froman to file trade case against China over cyber spying
t Kickstarter Backlash: Early Oculus Supporters Hate Facebook Deal
t Snake eats centipede - then centipede eats snake from inside
b Dollar declines ahead of Friday's US jobs report
b Lew calls for 'economic patriotism,' seeks to limit offshore tax moves
b Sotheby's Agrees to Add Third Point's Loeb, Two Others to Board
t Breaking Bad in 4K Hitting Netflix in June
t HTC One Mini 2 Vs Galaxy Mini 2 Review: Which 'Mini' Should You Choose?
b Just because the science is clear doesn't mean it's the whole story
t VIDEO: Softbank's Pitch To Regulators Paints False Picture Of US Wireless
t Report: Nike Is Killing the FuelBand
t Oldest human Fecal Fossils show Neanderthals ate vegetables
e Colin Firth Drops Out of 'Paddington'
e Who is Oscar Isaac? Six notable facts about the newly appointed Star Wars  ...
b Tuesday Must Reads: State Water Bond Deal Blocked in Senate; NTSB Cites  ...
e 'SNL' lets go of cast member Brooks Wheelan
t Surface Pro 3 teardown results in broken screen
e Transformers: Age of Extinction is Biggest American Opening Ever in China
e Iowa farmer is the next 'Bachelor' for ABC
t Why won't Microsoft let me buy the ideal Surface tablet?
e Is Kim Kardashian Recording an Album?
e Transcendence director Wally Pfister: I said I'd kill to have Johnny Depp in the  ...
e Ethan Hawke and Patricia Arquette Shocked by Movie Aging
t Minecraft for Oculus Rift Scrapped After Facebook Acquisition
b Harsh winter cited as IMF lowers estimate of US economic growth in 2014 to 2  ...
e 'Dancing With the Stars': Winnie grows up
b Stocks finish slightly lower; postal workers plan Staples protests; Apple  ...
t Food security, economy hit hard by climate change
m MADISON - Positive results for Exact Sciences' Cologuard cancer test boost  ...
b Commodities: Iraq fears fuel buyer interest
b Kraft Recalls Cottage Cheese Products
b Hess stations to go, but trucks to stay
m Relay for Life needs your help
b Forex - Euro extends losses on ECB comments
b McDonald's named 'joint employer'; ruling could affect working conditions
e TCM sets lineup of Eli Wallach films
m Sivextro, to treat MRSA skin infections, receives recommendation from FDA Anti  ...
b Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg Pads $1 Annual Salary With $3.3 Billion In  ...
b Podcast: Candy Crushed
e Reports: Rapper severs penis, jumps from building
b Sbarro, Taco Bell, and McDonald's Are Among Nation's Least Favorite Fast Food  ...
t Documents Say NSA Pretends to Be Facebook in Surveillance
e K-Stew finds humour in celeb status
b Sales Double On Gilead's $1000 Hepatitis C Pills
b Soaring Oil Prices Sink Stock Market on Thursday
b Texas Unemployment Rate Falls to 5.5 Percent in March
e Ryan Gosling's directorial debut 'Lost River' gets its first reviews
t Amazon 3D smartphone, due to drop in September
e Rolling Stone cover flubs US Constitution tattoo on Julia Louis-Dreyfus' back
m Gov. McAuliffe Makes Health Announcements
b Revolving Credit Declined for the Second Straight Month in February
b Gold falls on relatively upbeat US data
e Jennifer Lawrence talks girl feud with Kristen Stewart
b TradeTheNews.com US Market Update: Equities Close Out the Week on a  ...
m Many people with gluten sensitivity have not had proper tests, study says
m Department of Health tracked E. coli outbreak through patient survey, lab tests
e 2014 Met Gala: Kanye Suits Up, While Kim Kardashian Shows Some Leg In  ...
b U.S. Supreme Court cuts back climate change regulation
e Nirvana, Kiss lead new class in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
b New York top court OKs local drill bans
b Jobless Rate Falls Again
b Germany's Russia trade slumps as Ukraine crisis bites
e Inside Noah's Ark: Behind the Scenes of Paramount's 'Noah' (VIDEO)
e French Montana Guilty Of Driving His Rolls Without A License
t Porsche, Hyundai and GM score big in JD Power survey; Fiat crumbles
t Intel buys wearable device maker Basis Science
t Ray-Ban maker Luxottica to bring Google Glass to wider market
b CORRECTED-Retailer TJX posts lower-than-expected quarterly sales
m Wikipedia Proves Useful for Tracking Flu
e Chris Brown Reportedly Depressed in Jail
b Fed chief: changes to interest rate depend on economic data
t Microsoft CEO Nadella signals new course with Office for iPad
b Sacramento stands out for negative equity drop
b Percentage of uninsured plummets to lowest rate in 6 years
e The 'not so' Amazing Spider-Man 2 game review
e Miley Cyrus Stars in Naked #TBT Instagram Post; Takes a Trip Down Memory Lane
t PC users having problems with the Dogs
b MARKET ANALYSIS: Markets Could Get Lift From Latest Earnings
t Apple due to release the largest-ever iPad by next year
t The Mite Is Mightier Than The Cheetah, At Least In Terms Of Body Lengths Per  ...
b MH370 update: Transport safety chief says next phase of underwater search  ...
b Bitcoin entrepreneur fined by SEC for illegal stock sale
e HBO orders Veep season 4 and Silicon Valley season 2
e Captain America: The Winter Soldier Movie Review [SPOILER-FREE]
e Gregg Allman sues to stop movie after train crash
t Now Talk To Your PC With Google Now
b Sales at gun maker Smith & Wesson down, driven mostly by steep drop in  ...
b UPDATE 1 – Argentina holdouts considering 80 cents on dollar – sources
b Google & B&N take on Amazon's same-day delivery
b GM Nominates UAW VP Joe Ashton to Board of Directors
b NATIONALISED: The Malaysia Airlines rescue plan
t Galaxy Tab S AMOLED Screen Poses For The Camera In Leaked Image
e Gaga, a submissive partner
e Dancing with the Stars 2014 Spoilers: Week 3 – Meryl Davis and Maks (VIDEO)
t Gas Prices Stay at $3.63 in PA
e Police in Iran arrest 6, show them on state television for making online video to  ...
e Gary Oldman Gives Publicist Nightmare Of An Interview To Playboy
b Fire destroys two homes and a garage in Lincoln County, WV
b Quitters wanted: Amazon offers unhappy workers up to $5000 to go
e Star Wars Episode 7 Movie Cast Rumors and News: Denis Lawson Turns Down  ...
e Idris Elba and His Girlfriend Had a Baby!
b Gazprom CEO: World Changing China-Russia Gas Deal Will Impact European  ...
b Alabama included in $550M SunTrust mortgage abuse settlement
t House Panel to Probe GM Recall of Models for Faulty Switches (2)
t Big Things Stand in the Way of Apple's Comcast Cable Box
t Novartis to Use Google Technology for Eye Care
e Pregnant Mila Kunis Reveals Her Food Cravings: Pickles?
b Weaker corporate tax receipts worsen US budget picture
b Hyundai ix25 compact SUV unveiled at 2014 Beijing Motor Show
e Elizabeth Olsen engaged to Boyd Holbrook
t Novartis, Google to Develop Contact Lenses to Monitor Blood Sugar
m First U.S. MERS patient to be isolated till he is no longer infectious risk
e Watch the new Orange Is The New Black trailer as its 'next level crazy', according  ...
t Still stuck on XP? Microsoft is offering $100 off on new PCs with Windows 8
e Stooges Drummer Scott Asheton Dead at Age 64
m Human nose can detect at least 1 trillion odors: study
e Alice Cooper Pays Tribute to 'Irreplaceable' Guitarist Dick Wagner
b Ford Set to Name Fields as CEO
m WFP contributes to Ebola fight in Sierra Leone
e 'Maleficent' Premiere: Brad Pitt 'Attacked' While On Red Carpet With Angelina  ...
e J.J. Abrams' company tweets photo showing Star Wars Episode VII filming  ...
e Xbox 360 Review - 'Pinball FX 2' - Guardians of the Galaxy
b Valeant posts Q2 net profit, revenues up
e Harvard study suggests 'Jesus' wife' text not fake
t CRA says 900 social insurance numbers stolen due to Heartbleed bug
b Michaels hack hit 3 million, lasted 8 months
e Disney's Sweeney to become TV Director
e VIDEO: Circus horror as acrobats suspended by their HAIR plunge 35 ft on to  ...
m Who Was Alexander Shulgin, the Late "Godfather of Ecstasy"?
b Twitter Adds More Users, but Wall Street Wants More
m Prenatal Proximity to Pesticides Affects Autism, Developmental Delay Risk
m As Ebola Stalks West Africa, Medics Fight Mistrust, Hostility
m Gilead Sciences: Pricing Concerns Just Noise?
e Tale so tragic Garth Brooks could probably write song about it
b Tech Tumble Sends Stocks Lower
e Yahoo Picks Up NBC's 'Community' to Beef Up Video Service
t Google+ Stories thinks it can top your vacation slideshow
e John Boyega Among the Latest Actors Up for Star Wars: Episode VII Lead
e Kanye West - Kanye West to host bachelor party in Ireland
t Microsoft reportedly built 20000 Surface Mini tablets before canning launch
e Gabriel Garcia Marquez, one of the world's greatest authors, dies at 87
t Apple on medical tech hiring spree possible hint of iWatch plans
e Beyoncé Lands TIME's 100 Most Influential Cover! Bow Down!
b James Murdoch promoted at 21st Century Fox; Lachlan Murdoch named non  ...
t The World Wide Web and its role in building businesses
e Summer Bride
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 to Feature a 12 MP OIS Camera?
e Series Finale Of “How I Met Your Mother” Draws Record Audience
e Game of Thrones Spoilers: Series 5 could 'veer away from books!'
b Oil column - WTI declnes again as Libya reopens two ports
b Baxter To Split Into Two Companies; Stock Jumps
t Feds to Consider Weakening Manatee Protections
e Stars take to Twitter for late actress and activist Ruby Dee
b Malaysia announces probe into crash of its plane in Ukraine
e 'Sabotage' Review
e Delhi observes Easter with fervour
t Chrysler de Mexico recorded sales of 6900 units in May 2014
m LEONARD ZASOSKI: If defeating cancer is our goal, then we can all work together
b Flipkart to buy Myntra stake in Rs 2k cr deal
m Pace of new MERS infections in Saudi Arabia slows to four a day
b Soybeans Slide as Conditions Indicate Record Harvest
e St. Louisan knew Maya Angelou for 50 years
b U.S. wholesale prices fall unexpectedly in May
e Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez 'Absolutely' a Couple Again?
e Oprah Won't Renew LiLo's 'Disaster' of a Show
e 'Sharknado 2' Cast, Release Date, Movie Twitter Takeover: Tara Reid & Ian  ...
b Obama Eyes Equal Pay For Women Amid Election-Year Push
e Celebrity Salaries: Who Made What in 2013?
b Chinese city clears shelves of water in chemical scare
b Weir and Metso in discussions on merger
b Yellen says making "very meaningful" progress in US jobs market
t Inventor Of The World Wide Web Does Reddit AMA
e Scarlett Johansson Interview For 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier'
e Cannes 2014: Quentin Tarantino declares 'cinema is dead' ahead of Pulp Fiction  ...
e Drunk Judge Joe Brown Arrested: In Jail After Inebriated VIDEO Leaks [WATCH]
t Google Hangouts Services Go Down
e Watch: North West Is The Best Paparazzi Magnet In Paris
t Facebook now lets you 'Ask' about relationship status
t Gravity-type real-life disaster waiting to happen because of space junk, warns  ...
b Herbalife: Will Earnings Matter?
t Robotic Mission Kicks Up Lunar Dust
b Herbalife Boosts Forecast as North American Sales Gain
b GLOBAL ECONOMY WEEKAHEAD-US recovery puts onus on Europe and China
b China's Lanzhou Warns Drinking Water Contains Dangerous Levels Of Benzene
b Significant travel disruption expected due to taxi driver protest against Uber
t HTC One Mini 2 Press Photo Leaks; To Come In 3 iPhone-Esque Colours
e Prince to simultaneously release TWO new studio albums
e Bob Dylan 'Like a Rolling Stone' lyrics etch $2M at auction
m Georgia Firm Recalls Chicken Breast Tenders Products Due To Misbranding  ...
t NASA's Opportunity rover clocks up record-breaking 25 miles on Mars
e 'Godzilla' Crushes Box Office, Scores a Sequel
t Global raids on 'BlackShades' hackers
e Review Roundup: ALADDIN Opens on Broadway - All the Reviews!
e Why Is Good Friday Observed?
m Deadly flu season winds down in California
t Apple Lays Out Blueprint For Future Success, Developers Are A Big Part Of It
b Britain's manufacturing PMI slips in July, but with solid ground
b US job growth slows in July to 209000, unemployment rate rises to 6.2%
m UN: The Reemergence Of Polio Is A World Health Emergency
b Southwest Air Facing $12 Million Fine
b US takes first steps to ending 40-year oil export ban
b Citigroup's stock is cheap, but should you buy it?
e George Clooney got down on bended knee to propose
e Your Smartphone Is Destroying Your Sleep
e Miley Cyrus Cancels Charlotte Show Just Minutes Before Show Time
e Hugh Jackman has cancerous growth removed
b Broad US job growth helps high school grads
t How can Mozilla turn a blind eye to its CEO's support of Prop 8 ?
t Is G+ native app's camera feature an invasion of your privacy?
t AOL Investigating Data Breach
b Dollar Tree Lowered to Market Perform at BMO Capital Markets (DLTR)
b AstraZeneca refuses Pfizer's 'final' offer
m Human cases of West Nile virus identified in Colorado
t Tesla Motors Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA) Surging on Supercharger Reports
t Apple iPhone 5S vs Samsung Galaxy S4: Spec Comparison Video
e Victoria Beckham: how she truly became posh
b Gold price per ounce and Spot gold per gram Spot silver rate review and market  ...
e Beyonce Time's most influential person
e Easter past and present
e What Jay Z really said to Solange… According to the internet
m J&J Pulls Hysterectomy Tool Tied to Cancer Risk From Market
m Deadly Ebola outbreak spreads to Guinea
m Deadly flesh-eating bacteria at Florida beach popular with British tourists kills 10  ...
t FTC says 'Un-carrier' T-Mobile charged customers millions in deceptive fees
e Netflix misses out on major Emmy awards categories
m Novartis heart drug: People who took LCZ696 lived longer
b Walgreen 3rd quarter profit jumps but misses expectations
b Southwest fined $12M for subpar plane repairs
t BlackBerry opens up BBM to Windows phone users
t The Most Common Problems with the Most Popular Video Game Consoles
t Rare Camelopardalid Meteor Shower This Weekend Is Full of Unknowns (Op-Ed)
t John Oliver hammers Obama administration over FCC, net neutrality
m Cuomo Releases Plan To Combat AIDS & HIV
e Zac Efron -- Friends Believe He's Into Drugs, Not Sushi
e Kerry Washington shows off her svelte post-pregnancy body in floral frock at BET  ...
t Instagram Hits 200 Million Active Users
e Malaysia Airlines Flight 370: Found By Courtney Love?!
b Eurozone CPI reading among the key releases this morning
m E-cigarette advertising soars on American TV
b UK Cost of Living Eases as Wage and Inflation Gap Narrows
b GLOBAL MARKETS-Talk of ECB easing props up shares, holds back euro
b Oil prices fall as Iraq supply risks fail to materialise
m E-cigarette use not linked to quitting
b HP announces another 11k to 16k layoffs
b Stocks are mixed in choppy trading; Apple up
t Recall Alert: 2007-2008 Saturn Aura
e Orange Is the New Black Season 2 Trailer: Next Level Crazy For Litchfield  ...
e Eva Mendes Pregnant With Ryan Gosling's Baby? Multiple US Sources Claim  ...
t Domino's Pizza: Customer Data Stolen, Hackers Demand Ransom
e L'Wren and Mick had just bought £6m home, says in-law
t Apple Makes Key Part Of Google's Experimental 'Project Tango' Phone
b Home Prices Slow to 13.2% Annual Growth for January
t Climate Change Report: Global Warming Is Here, and It's Now.
b The Tax Court Didn't Repeal Attorney-Client Privilege
e White Hat or Black Hat: Should Godzilla be a Hero or Villain? (Spoilers)
m Lab-grown vaginas, nostrils show promising results in implant patients
e Garth Brooks cancels Ireland comeback shows
t Hand Over The Dough! Domino's Pizza Hacked
b Melbourne-based bitcoin fund lost $70000 in a cyber-attack caused by US  ...
e A Big 'NO' to Beverly Hills Hotel by celebrities
t Blood Moon Eclipse To Be Visible Tuesday
b JC Penney and RadioShack are big market movers
e Paul McCartney cancels entire Japan tour
e Hugh Jackman dishes Wolverine body secrets: Intermittent fasting, low-carb diet
t Crowdfunding campaign wants net neutrality billboard where US regulator can't  ...
b Stock rise recovers lost ground
b GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks set for quarterly gains, euro zone inflation eyed
t NASA discovers another Earth
b Ukrainian ministry aide: More than 300 dead in Malaysian airliner downing
t Virtual-reality startups in the spotlight
t Adobe Voice for iPad lets you create stories using photos, music and special  ...
t Microsoft Surface Mini to debut in mid-May?
m Michelle Obama to oppose GOP school lunch plan
t Data removal requests for Google
b Troubled Malaysia Airlines to be removed from stock market
b Flight MH370 update: The search continues for Malaysia Airlines flight 370
m Two drugs offer hope for fatal lung disease
e Aaliyah Biopic Will Feature Zendaya Coleman as Late Singer
b Denver-based Chipotle to add up to 195 restaurants in 2014
b Pot of Gold: Or the Outlook for Marijuana Business
b Brent Slides Towards $108 On Chinese Exports
t Additional iOS 8 features teased by WWDC presentation slide
t Apple knows how to make the iPhone's camera better without adding a single  ...
e Kimye in Paris to start 'wedding week'
e Gabriel Garcia Marquez: falling in love with Gabo
b Stocks Back Out Of Early Gains; SanDisk, Micron, Chipotle Rise
e Everyone Looks Pissed At Kanye And Kim's Wedding
e Miley Cyrus Wants Alleged Stalker Restrained
t Amid massive recall, GM CEO visits call centre, uses video to address customer  ...
b Amaya CEO on Acquisition of PokerStars: "It Will Transform the Entire Gaming  ...
t MI may have best seats for new Meteor shower
b Ex-BP employee charged over BP stock sales after spill
b City tells app to stop auctions of parking spaces
t Takata takes $440 million charge for 'shrapnel' airbags
e Arrest of young Iranians in 'Happy' video reflects Iran's complicated power structure
b American consumers' borrowing up $16.5B in February
b JET Magazine Deads Print Publication, Goes Exclusively Digital
b Citigroup may pay $7 bn to resolve US mortgage probe
b Wal-Mart Starts Price War In Money Transfers
e Neighbors Topples The Amazing Spider-Man 2 at the Weekend Box Office
b Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Report Finds Small Debit Purchases  ...
b Eurozone inflation drops, keeping pressure on ECB
t General Motors recalling Camaros for ignition switch problem
t Liberal high priests pursue another heretic
t GM recalling another 1.3 million cars over power steering woes
e Rolling Stones Rock Oslo
e Maleficent IMAX Poster: Angelina Jolie Is Larger-Than-Life Evil!
b ORTEL: Note to Janet Yellen: The American bubble is popping
e Reliving the Past: 'Transformers' Franchise Review
b BHP Billiton mulls mining float for non-core assets
e Man Accused Of Raping 17-Year-Old At Alcohol-Fueled Concert
e Tony field wide open, with several local contenders
t Microsoft's Nadella memo Announcing 18000 Jobs Layoffs
t What AT&T's Purchase of DirecTV Means for SEC Network
b Europe Bonds Advance on ECB Stimulus as Erste Tumbles
m Reported Case of Ebola Not Confirmed Yet - MoH
e Film review: Seth MacFarlane leaves no dirty joke unturned in the messy 'Million  ...
m Comatose mother gives birth to healthy baby
b BoE Minutes Confirm Rate Hike Sooner Rather than Later
e 'Batman v. Superman' actor Affleck, wife Garner surprise kids at Detroit-area  ...
e Mad Men (Video) – Season 7 Episode 6 “The Strategy” – RECAP
b Results send Twitter stock soaring
e Emmys 2014: Breaking Bad cleans up with best drama award plus wins for  ...
b £59bn bid for Astra sparks fears over jobs
t iPhone 6 Rumors and News? Apple to Update iOS Emojis Inspired By Miley  ...
e Once Upon a Time in Wonderland: Cancelled? ABC Confirms No Season Two
e Agents of Shield app for Season 2
t Google wants to win over the hearts of health buffs with Google Fit: Rumor
b Vince Foster: Inflation Risk Is Back, and Investors Need to Prepare for a Bumpy  ...
e Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Drops An Action-Packed New Trailer And  ...
t Nasa Kepler telescope discovers planet believed to be most Earth-like yet found
e James Franco insists he did not sleep with Lindsay Lohan!
e 'Tammy' Bashed By Critics As Movie Heads Into Theaters
e The fading movie fortunes of Mad Men's Jon Hamm
t Twitter Suspends 'TweetDeck' After App Is Hacked
b Gold price struggles below $1300, hovers near six-week low
e Robert Downey, Jr. turns 49 with Captain America screening
t Ford recalling nearly 700k Escape CUVs, C-Max hybrids over two separate  ...
e Apologetic post follows shrine pics
b More Chinese families arrive in Malaysia over MH370 tragedy
e Benedict Cumberbatch for Whitey Bulger biopic
e 'Godzilla' director tapped for 'Star Wars'
t iPhone 6's Manufacturers Are Hiring At Record Levels Ahead Of Smartphone's  ...
t Microsoft to start selling Xbox One in China next month
t Apple files 'transparent texting' patent to make walking while texting safer
e Kate Winslet Charmingly Explains Son's Unusual Name on “The Ellen  ...
t Google Glass one-day sale provides additional feedback for continued product  ...
t Twitter broadens advertising reach through app-install ads based on user interests
e Kim Kardashian Wedding Update: Paris Trip, Luxurious Florence Location And  ...
e Peaches Geldof funeral takes place Easter Monday
m Ebola: Gov't warns Ugandans on West Africa travels...
b Mismanaged approach, complex cockpit cited in Asiana crash
b Home Depot stock carries market after positive earnings call
m Hear Planned Parenthood hide botched abortion
b J.C. Penney Company PT Set at $8.00 by Nomura (JCP)
e Paul Walker Remembered at MTV Movie Awards; Co-Stars Vin Diesel and  ...
e Rolling Stones cancels Australia tour
b Barclays lights bonfire of the £1m bankers
t Google 'poised to produce 3D imaging tablet'
t Quoted: German media exec 'afraid of Google'
m Critical thinking sadly required
t Small step is giant leap for NASA's Robonaut
t SDKs for Lumia Imaging and SensorCore now available
t NSA Putting Malware Everywhere
t TiVo for People without Cable
b Fed Approves Ally's Capital Plan In Milestone for Potential IPO
m InterMune Inc. (NASDAQ:ITMN) Surging on Lung Disease Drug Trial Success
m Officials seek out those on flight with MERS patient
e Katy Perry Launches New Record Label “Metamorphosis Music"
b Wake Up, Bond Traders: Market Is a Volatility-Free Bore
b Home Depot Reports Disappointing Sales, Profit Growth--Update
m America's lone MERS patient to remain in isolation after release from hospital
b No job losses at Barclays
e 'Captain America' Chris Evans Puts Retirement Rumors To Rest
b Bernie Madoff's Five Ponzi Scheme Aides Found Guilty of Fraud
b Investment Guru Buffett To Sell Diamonds To Shareholders
b Feds punish Redskins owner for use of team name
m iPad May Cause Skin Rashes in Children Allergic to Nickel
t Facebook to keep building products; Zuckerberg urges patience on results
t Samsung App Store Now 'Galaxy Apps'
t Nokia Lumia 630 is just weeks away from a UK launch
e Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams Hated Each Other on the Notebook Set
t Snowden Tells SXSW Audience: NSA Is 'Setting Fire to the Future of the Internet'
t 911-texting service begins in Hamilton County
e More stars revealed on Lindsay Lohan's famous lovers list
e U of I actor brings recovering dad to Field of Dreams
m Sanofi, Lilly Partner to Pursue OTC Cialis
t Microsoft's hopes 'Titanfall' shows off Xbox One's technology
e Jodie Foster marries Ellen DeGeneres` former girlfriend
t Half Life 2 Coming to Nvidia Shield, Most Probably
b This CBO Report Is Another Big Win For Obamacare
e Angelina Jolie doubled up as daughter's acting coach on Maleficent set
b India's Manufacturing PMI At 17-Month High
e Cop Says Tupac's Last Words Were "F*ck You"
e First trailer lands for Horrible Bosses 2
m Expert panel convenes to advise WHO on whether MERS is a public health  ...
b Twitter remains unprofitable despite leap in sales
t SAP Remodels the Data Warehouse
e Casey Kasem, Legendary Top 40 Radio Host, Dead at 82
b Today's Mortgage Rates: 30-Year Conventional Loans and FHA Mortgage Rates  ...
e Rob Kardashian Is Flying His Personal Trainer All The Way To Kimye's Wedding  ...
b Google eyeing up to US$30 billion in foreign buyouts
m California tuberculosis patient who refused treatment found, arrested
m More Signs Autism May Originate During Pregnancy
m People Should Stop Taking Aspirin as a Preventive Measure
b IRS Declares That Bitcoin Should Be Taxed Like A Property
t Is your account info online safe from Heartbleed? There's a way to find out, and  ...
t Google and DVF Partner Up for Designer Glass Frames
t Goodbye, Net Neutrality; Hello, Net Discrimination
t Why Google Is Making Massive, Crazy Bets On Drones And Robots
b Indian factory sector expands at slightly faster pace in May as orders climb
e Star Wars Episode 7: R2-D2 Confirmed Returning, Episode VII Set 30 Years  ...
e 'Game of Thrones': Showrunners David Benioff, Dan Weiss sign on for Seasons  ...
t Apple patent app details location-based iPhone functions
b UnitedHealth, Humana face Medicare Advantage cuts
e Chelsea Lately to Air Final Episode in August
t Surface Pro 3: A PC in Tablet's Clothing
e Gwyneth Paltrow is taking a bit of break from acting to focus on her kids.
e Johnny Depp Talks Feeling Calmer Since Turning 50 on 'Ellen'
e Jason Momoa to play Aquaman - reports
e Demi Lovato Flips Off Heckler, Slams Bullying Paparazzi
t Nokia Halts Sale Of Lumia 2520 Tablet Due To Charger Fault
b BlackBerry revenue slumps 64 per cent
e Kim Kardashian - Kim Kardashian hasn't sent out invites
t Microsoft Job Cuts Reflect Economics of Cloud
b Analysts: Family Dollar, Dollar General merger not imminent
t Neanderthals' Five-a-Day: Ancient 50000-Year-Old Faeces Reveal Plant Diet
e Why The World Needs A Happiness Campaign To Live Better
e Andrew Garfield Dresses in Drag for Arcade Fire's 'We Exist' Video - Watch Now!
e Kim and Kanye turn down charity settlement offer over lawsuit
e Police: Tyler, The Creator, incited riot at SXSW
e 2014 ESPY Awards: 5 Top Moments
e Also at cinemas | Cruise's true nature is killing aliens
e Jenny Lewis Bends Gender With 'Just One of the Guys' Performance on 'Fallon'
b OUR OPINION: Next HHS leader will have one job: Make ACA work
e Taylor Swift Made More Money Than Beyonce, The Rolling Stones in 2013
m Germs On A Plane: Study Finds Bacteria Can Linger For Days
b BNP-Paribas pays record $8.9b fine for sanctions busting
e Paltrow's site crashes after split announcement
t Dinosaurs not warm or cold-blooded
b Wal-Mart jumps into the money transfer biz
e Game of Thrones — 'First of His Name' (season 4, episode 5)
b EUR/USD through 1.3800
b Sina Weibo shares jump more than 25% after IPO
e Harry Potter Returns in New Short Story by JK Rowling
b 5/27 - CNN: Malaysia Missing Plane Raw Data Released
t Microsoft to shed 18000 jobs, discontinuing Nokia's Android phones
b Leaving it Just to the Shareholders and Boards May Not Be Enough
t Apple 'in discussions' to buy Dr Dre's Beats Electronics for £1.9bn
e Daniel Portman, who plays Podrick Payne in Game of Thrones, speaks to news  ...
e 'Bachelorette' contestant Eric Hill dies from paragliding crash
b SanDisk buys storage rival Fusion-io for $1.6 bn (Update)
b Westinghouse Among Companies in Chinese Trade Secret Hacking Case
m Autism rates up sharply in U.S.
e Mila Kunis, Ashton Kutcher Expecting First Baby
e Kim Kardashian Finally Gets Vogue Cover, North West Makes Appearance [Video]
m Autism prevalence continues to rise
t Driverless cars start to master city streets
t PayPal Has New Use For Your Fingerprints
e Author Farley Mowat has died at age 92
e Five years after death, King of Pop Michael Jackson's fortunes blooming
b Judge Rhodes: Water shutoffs hurt Detroit's reputation internationally
m New Castle Co. ranks healthiest in First State
t The Buzz about Bees
e 'American Idol' 2014 Spoilers: AI Season 13' Finals Week 4 - Top 10 Sings Top  ...
b Raw Satellite Data on Malaysian MH370 to Be Released Tuesday
t US states probe eBay cyber attack after complaints
t NASA Successfully Launches Satellite Designed to Analyze Atmospheric  ...
e Celebrity Deathmatch: Nicki Minaj Vs. Iggy Azalea
e Miley Cyrus 'attacks' Avril Lavigne in prank
e Will Smith & wife Jada Pinkett Smith 'being investigated' after 13-year-old  ...
m Plan is offered to solve medical custody dispute - CBS 3 Springfield - WSHM
e Robert De Niro's Gay Artist Father Topic of HBO Documentary
m Gay Conversion Therapy Ban Advances In Illinois
e Khloé Kardashian bids farewell to boyfriend French Montana as she takes new  ...
e An (Almost) Faultless Masterpiece
e New True Blood Season 7,Episode 4 Official Spoilers,Synopsis Released By HBO
b TEWKSBURY (AP) — Some office workers at the Market Basket supermarket  ...
t Springfield-Area Gas Prices Drop Less than One Cent
e Watch 'Leonardo DiCaprio' Dance Like a Goof at Coachella
e AP Top Stories July 17 p
b Obamacare Lowers Uninsured Rate, Gallup Finds
b Unilever sells Ragu, Bertolli brands to Japan's Mizkan Group for $2.15 billion  ...
e Stephen Colbert Devotes Entire Show To #CancelColbert Controversy
b S&P 500 Wavers at Record Highs
b AbbVie and Shire Agree $53bn Tax-Saving Merger
m On the Third Hand: Physician pay
t You Talkin' To Me? — London's App Car-mageddon Is Underway
t Internet Explorer users warned of malware attack
e Godzilla filmmaker Gareth Edwards will direct the "Star Wars" spin-off. (Credit  ...
b The Morning Rundown: Pilgrim's Pride tops Tyson Foods in latest bid for Hillshire
m CLOSER LOOK Closer Look Wrap Up: 3/14/14
m Save the TaTa's hits hard
e James Franco will direct ex-girlfriend Ahna O'Reilly in Off-Broadway play after he  ...
t ISSpresso is a Keurig for the International Space Station
b Hyundai ix25 Previewed At Beijing Auto Show
b Analyst Say Oil Traders Too Complacent on Iraq
t Massive 'Godzilla of Earths' discovered
b Friday, April 11 2014 06:24 AM
e Bobby Womack Dead At 70
m ED Drugs Could Help Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy
e Solange Knowles seen 'attacking' Jay-Z in NYC hotel elevator video
e Smith set for NFL concussion drama
e Will and Jada Smith Under Investigation by Child Services for Willow's  ...
e UPDATE: NBC Cancels COMMUNITY, REVOLUTION, GROWING UP FISHER  ...
e 'The Bachelorette' recap: Andi says 'Yes!' in dramatic season finale
e Watch the first trailer for Michael Bay's Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
e Paul Walker's brothers will stand in for him to complete Fast and Furious 7
t Microsoft completes $7.2B Nokia acquisition, will now attempt a messy  ...
e The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back  ...
e Fascinating fact:
t At Least One Popular Brand Is Leaving Facebook Over News Feed Changes
t Video: More gorgeous Mario Kart 8 retro tracks compared to originals
t Oculus Rift joins the Chuck E. Cheese cast
e Richard Branson joins boycott against Sultan of Brunei's hotels
e Marvel takes a gamble with Guardians of the Galaxy
b Tax deadline April 15: Tips for people filing last-minute
e Beyonce And Jay-Z To Launch Joint Stadium Tour This Summer?
b Greenpeace activists block Gazprom oil rig in Dutch port
t Despite more leaks and teases, E3 still surprises
b CFPB Raises Red Flags on "Auto-Defaults" for Student Loans
b Johnson & Johnson Lifts FY14 Earnings Forecast As Q1 Results Top Estimates
b No, Michael Lewis, the US equities market is not rigged
b Asian shares mostly lower on regional tensions ; Japan gains on hopes for  ...
e Selena Gomez Wants To Date Older Men, Thinks Drug Abusing Justin Bieber Is  ...
m Mom turns herself into human speed bump to save kids in rolling car
e WWE Star The Ultimate Warrior Died From Cardiovascular Disease
e Review: 'How to Train Your Dragon 2' flies higher and brighter Special
e Game Of Thrones Review: "Oathkeeper" (Season 4, Episode 4)
m Stem Cell Researcher Calls for Retraction of His Own Work
t Netflix's 'House of Cards' streaming in 4K Ultra HDTV, more shows to come
b Japan Trade Data Raises Doubts
t Amazon to unveil smartphone in second half of year Report
m Labor Dept. cuts levels of allowable coal dust in effort to reduce black lung disease
t Court Rules Microsoft Can't Hide Customer Data Overseas
e Man suing 'X-Men' director says he told police of alleged sex abuse
t Facebook users angry with becoming unwitting research subjects
t 2015 Ram ProMaster City Enters Compact Van Segment
t Warming World Shrinks Salamanders
b Officials deny report that Malaysia flight kept flying for hours
b New Companies Submit Proposals To Sell Health Plans In Wash. State
t Alibaba Has an Ad Business to Challenge Google, Amazon
b Alibaba files documents for US stock offering
e Game of Thrones Redefines Disturbing…Again
b NW China city rids pollutants off contaminated tap water in two districts
e Jennifer Love Hewitt Appears on Ellen, Actually Wears Clothing
t Samsung Galaxy S5 could be cheaper than Galaxy S4
b Toyota remains No. 1 in global vehicles sales
m Video: The moment a deaf woman hears for the very first time
e Prince surprises fans yet again with new single The Breakdown
t First so-called Goldilocks zone planet not a real planet, study finds
t Ancient 'spider' went one better than a pair of eyes, researchers find. Call it 'four  ...
e Kim Kardashian Exposes Nip Slip in Shocking New Selfie
e Viral Video: Charlie Sheen drunk at Taco Bell drive-thru
e Party Like the Irish: Best St. Patrick's Day Events in LA
t Samsung Electronics sacks mobile design chief amid criticism of Galaxy S5  ...
m Hookah Smoking now a rage among US Teens
b More than 6m signed up for heath care from US
m Youth stand together against tobacco use
e Review – Transcendence
m Doctors Aren't Sure How To Stop Africa's Deadliest Ebola Outbreak
b American Apparel finds CEO misused funds, failed to stop the discrediting of  ...
b Fiat Chrysler's 5-Year Plan: The Italians
b Blackberry Ltd (NASDAQ:BBRY) is our Turnaround Pick for 2014
b US mortgage applications fell last week: MBA
e Jennifer Lopez and Marc Anthony finalize divorce
t Microsoft to Launch Surface Mini on May 20
e Netflix vs Comcast: Netflix bites back in net neutrality row
b Alfa Romeo Considering More Powerful 4C, Improved Version for the US Market
e Beyoncé Leads MTV Video Music Awards Nominations
e Kim Kardashian Changes Shoes, Belt En Route to Met Gala 2014
b Objects seen in search for missing Malaysia Airlines flight 370
e Scandal Star Columbus Short Arrested For Bar Fight
b Marissa Mayer's decision to sell Yahoo's 40% Alibaba stake crucial
t General Motors Recalls Over 8.4 Million MORE Vehicles, Some Built As Far  ...
b Current Mortgage Home Loan Rates at Bank of America on March 12
b AT&T wants to power the next big video streaming service
t Social Media Looks Back At The Game Boy On Its 25th Birthday
e It's official! Mila Kunis opens up about pregnancy for first time and reveals weird  ...
e Miley Cyrus discusses her 'scary' allergic reaction and hospitalization
b VIDEO: Should J.P. Morgan's Chairman, CEO Roles Be Separate?
b Tiffany Q4 Results Miss View Amid Hefty Charge, To Buy Back Shares
b Brent crude holds near $115 on Iraq supply worries
t Iliad of France makes surprise bid for majority of T-Mobile US, challenging  ...
t Ford Resets Gas Mileage Estimates On Some Models, Sending 'Goodwill  ...
t Microsoft says it snooped on Hotmail, SkyDrive and MSN messenger to track  ...
t These Are The Most Amazing Indians Working In US Tech
e Kimye's Wedding Just Got A Little Less Exciting...
e Lupita Nyong'o named People's 'Most Beautiful' woman
t How to check your first ever tweet
m Carolyn Livengood: Free HIV testing being offered in downtown San Mateo
t Intel Unveils New Core i3, Celeron-powered Chromebooks
e IndiaBorn Technocrat Joins Battle With Top US Broadcasters
m Experts cast doubt on Saudi push for Middle East virus vaccine
t Review: Updated HTC One phone worth considering
e A new Mrs Clooney - heartthrob actor to marry lawyer Amal Alamuddin
t Scientists Find The Very First Moment The Universe Was Born
t Yahoo Q2 Results Miss Estimate
b 10 Animals Who Are Still Hurting From The BP Oil Spill
b Jobless aid applications fall to 300000
b US economy looking healthier: Yellen
t 17/03/2014Polluted Paris forces half cars off the road
t Osmo Is A New Gaming Device For iPad That Encourages Kids To Think Outside  ...
b French govt intervenes in BNP Paribas case: report
e George Clooney wins apology over false marriage claims
e Karen Gillan Explains Mystery Of Her Missing Hair (Exclusive)
b Zebra Technologies to Acquire Enterprise Business from Motorola Solutions for  ...
e Amazon's HBO deal: The returns on soaring technology and content costs
t First tablet with a thinner Intel Broadwell iPad Air
e War Has Already Begun in These Two New Trailers for Dawn of the Planet of the  ...
b Twitter a 'short,' shares still overvalued: Jackson
b Fox Bid Reminiscent of AOL-Time Warner: Jerry Levin
e Solange Knowles is One Lucky Lady
b FOREX-Dollar falls against yen, Fed minutes in focus
t New Amazon Fire Phone is 'primed' for the company's services
e 'Captain America,' 'Rio 2' in close race at box office, could both earn close to $46  ...
e Oscar Isaac hosts 'Star Wars' parties
t Mustang birthday
m $17.6B sought to remedy VA crisis
e Kimye 'enjoy staying in'
m Pakistan 'most perilous place' for mums in South Asia
b Home sales drop to 8-month low
e Brian Williams dissecting 'The Bachelorette' is the greatest video you'll watch all  ...
e Who Should Win American Idol XVIII? Vote!
b Bank of England boss: 'Interest rates could rise SOONER than expected'
t iPhone 6 Release Date Nearing; Aggressive Recruitment Hints Launch is Not  ...
e Easter calendar
t The Mighty Quest For Epic Loot: Diablo Meets Tower Defense?
e In Case You Missed It, Lindsay Lohan's Miscarriage Bomb Came AFTER This  ...
t International Samsung Galaxy S III again said not to receive Android 4.4 KitKat  ...
t Editorial: Cashing in on the Internet
e Michael Jackson legacy 'alive and well'
t Google 'memory loss' bites
b UniCredit shocks with 14 billion euro balance sheet clean-up
t Mozilla Staff Call for New CEO Brendan Eich To 'Step Down'
t Tiny Mites Are The Fastest Land Animals On Earth
t ZTE Starts Selling $99 Firefox OS Phone in the US, Via eBay
e 'This Is Where I Leave You' Trailer: Jane Fonda Has Bionic Breasts
m The secret of the perfect selfie: Researchers reveal the facial features that are  ...
m Humans Capable Of Detecting Over One Trillion Different Smells
b Hachette US 'seeks solution' to Amazon dispute
m Salmonella outbreak linked to Foster Farms chicken widens
e JK Rowling Is Turning The Casual Vacancy Into an HBO Miniseries
m Cheapism: Best budget sunscreen
e Rapper Benzino recovering after being shot in funeral procession
b Asian Shares Inch Down, Dollar Steadies
m HypeWatch: Someone Check What Lancet's Been Smoking
t 'Significant' PS4 system update to introduce video editing and pre-loaded games
e 'The Walking Dead' season finale: Terminus speculations
m Blood from younger mice improved brains, brawn of their elders
e Watch Paul Walker's Tribute Video From The 2014 MTV Movie Awards
m Low-carb vegan diet may reduce heart disease risk and weight
t Sony to announce 'Selfie' phone on July 8th with front-facing LED flash
e Watch the ridiculous last scene from the True Blood finale
m Williamson Ranked Second-Healthiest County in Texas
b Thai satellite detects at least 200 objects near search area for Malaysian jet
t Apple, Google agree to $324.5 million hiring antitrust deal
m Breast cancer patients risk of 'severe' surgery
t Halo 5 confirmed for 2015 release on Xbox One
b Barclays says first-half net profit soars
m FDA clears robotic legs for some paralyzed people
b Euro to US Dollar (EUR/USD) Exchange Rate weakens sharply as Ukraine  ...
m Yale student forced to gain weight or leave school
t Audi US sales climb 23% as Sub-$30000 A3 woos younger buyers
m Low-dose aspirin regimen may lower pancreatic cancer risk
e Angelina Jolie named 'honorary dame' by Queen Elizabeth
b Jerk.com, Napster co-founder misused Facebook data, US FTC says
b Pound no longer round: New £1 sterling coin will be counterfeit proof
e Box office preview: Can 'Noah' build an opening of biblical proportions?
e 'American Idol' Recap [VIDEO]: Could Top 9 Episode Ratings Mean An End To  ...
b Seven things Hong Kongers fear they could lose to China
e Lena Dunham shows up for Emmys in pink, Laverne Cox goes goddess in white
b Where Will EUR/USD Trade In One-Month? - Credit Agricole
e Seinfeld actor found dead
e Schwarzenegger was punished for tank joy ride as young man
b What the Strong ADP Data Mean for Jobs Report
b Philip Morris Gets Smoked
t Google fades in open internet fight
b Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen foresees continued low borrowing rates
e Amanda Bynes looks healthy and happy again (pic)
t Portal coming to NVIDIA Shield May 12 for $9.99
e Rolf Harris' youngest victim thanks police
e Pharrell Williams wins spot on The Voice after Cee Lo Green's exit
e Mila Kunis Walks The Red Carpet at CinemaCon 2014 Event
b What happened when Burger Kingmade 'The Proud Whopper'
t Facebook harnesses satellite, drone tech
b What Steps Will ECB Take to Avoid Deflation?
t Chrysler Issues Minivan Recall
e The Ultimate Warrior Officially Died Of A Massive Heart Attack! Get The Autopsy  ...
t Full moon tonight
e Game of Thrones: "The Laws of Gods and Men" Review
m Oscar Pistorius murder trial: live
b AGN: Allergan Stock Soars on Ackman, Valeant Takeover News
t Japan unveils android newsreader
m Romneycare Is Still Haunting Republicans
t How to check your Android device's vulnerability to Heartbleed bug
m Inspiring: Young man with down syndrome finds out he's been accepted to college
b Commentary: The moral power of curiosity
e Home»News»Entertainment»Harry goes grey: JK Rowling gives readers a  ...
t East Antarctica Highly Vulnerable to Massive Ice Melt and Rising Sea Levels
e Johnson kept 'Hercules' look a secret
e Kim and Kanye cover tops Beyonce to shatter Vogue sales records
e Latest Kim Kardashian Plastic Surgery Rumor Is Just Plain Outrageous
b As tax deadline approaches, chances of getting audited by IRS lowest in years
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West wedding delayed by prenup negotiations: report
t Samsung opens pre-orders for Galaxy Tab S
m Nagging could drive men to an early grave, study suggests
e Chris Brown and Karrueche Tran Relationship: What Did the New '106 & Park  ...
b Apple's new retail chief Angela Ahrendts in $68m signing bonus
m 'Sexting' Likely to Make Adolescents Sexually Active
b Abbott breaks new ground in Japan
t Surface Pro 3 is magical and breakable, say reviews
e Dancing with the Stars 2014 Elimination Results: Finale Live Recap
m Insulin jabs 'may do more harm than good' for diabetes sufferers over 50
e Kate Middleton's Wimbledon Dress — Recycles White Eyelet Outfit
b US Tests Missile-Defense System
m Pakistan's Punjab imposes polio-related travel ban
t Uber confirms new funding round, calls it 'record-breaking'
t The Xbox One Still Lags Behind The PS4
e Elliot Rodger's manifesto reveals a long struggle to fit in
e Stephen Colbert isn't smiling after his Washington Redskins parody backfires  ...
e 'Sharknado 2' Is Set To Break The Internet, Twitter Be Warned
e 'Once Upon a Time' casts 'Frozen' characters Kristoff and Anna
t Microsoft Probed in China as XBox One Launch Looms
e Michigan's legalized fireworks mesmerize, maim as more sellers jump in
b Wesfarmers exits insurance industry with sale of units
b Tesla results disappoint: is this a warning?
e Kim Kardashian Looking Pregnant – Weight Gain, Baby Bump and Pregnancy  ...
b WTI Falls 7th Day, Heading for Longest Loss Since 2009
t Nintendo is back, virtual reality is hot - and other things we learned at E3 2014
e The Stooges Drummer, Scott Asheton, Dies At The Age Of 64 Due To An  ...
e Robert Pattinson on Kristen Stewart Affair: 'S--t Happens'
t Twitch game broadcasting goes live on Xbox One
t Facebook Launches 'Mentions,' The Exclusive FB App For Playing The Fame  ...
e Beyonce, Jay Z show Justin Bieber's mugshot during performance
b Tokyo stocks drop on US equities fall, firmer yen
e Harrison Ford's injury delays 'Star Wars: Episode VII' for two weeks
m Girl who shaved head for friend with cancer back in class
e 'X-Men' dominates holiday box office totals with $91M
m Dr. Oz chewed out by senators over magic weight loss talk
t Recall for Non-Firing Air Bags Adds to Ford Escape's Woes
b BMW Planning $1 Billion Plant in Mexico
b WWE stock smacked down over 40% after disappointing TV deal
e Mr Peabody top dog at US box office, revs past Need For Speed, 300: Rise Of An  ...
b Pound surges against dollar on hint of rise in base rate
e L'Wren Scott: The Agonizing Secret She Kept From Mick Jagger
e Easter Sunrise Service in the Curran Apple Orchard
e Jenny McCarthy To Host Limited-Run Talk Show On SiriusXM Stars
e Bachelorette romances the region
t Facebook wants you to use Messenger app for mobile chat
m Oscar Trial: An anxiety disorder or convenient defence?
b ASX talks up VIX futures
b China sinks European shipping alliance
t Facebook Inc (FB) Buyout Of Oculus: Perspectives
m Vitamin D Deficiencies Linked To High Blood Pressure
e Monty Python promise smut, laughs for London reunion shows
e Miley Cyrus Tour Bus Goes Up in Flames
t Growth predicted for Malaysian IT spending in 2014
b Flight 370: Stories of that final day
e 'Game Of Thrones' Actor Will Reportedly Play Aquaman In The 'Batman V  ...
t Closing the window on Microsoft Corporation's XP
t Factbox: GM taps disaster fund expert for potential recall victims' fund
e Jared Pobre, Stacy Keibler Wedding Shocking? Rushed Secret Ceremony With  ...
e Activists Want a 19-Year-Old Banned From Facebook... and Africa
b The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) – Joint Review Confirms Boeing 787 Meets  ...
t 50th Anniversary Ford Mustang Revealed at New York Auto Show
e Aide to N. Korean leader visited Beijing this month: school
t Xbox One sales: Microsoft Corporation counts on shooter game 'Titanfall'
e Gregg Allman sues 'Midnight Rider' producers over the right to tell his story
e Jay Z & Beyonce's “On The Run Tour” On Pace To Be Huge Success
b Russia to supply China with gas for 30 years
e Tiny, ultra-rare Ming Dynasty 'chicken cup' smashes records after fetching $36  ...
m Pacific Organic Produce Recalls Mangos For Possible Health Risk
t Google Glass comes to town, are you excited?
b Sale of huge Peruvian copper mine gives boost to beleaguered sector
t Windows 8.1 Update goes live, download required for 8.1 users to receive  ...
b Gold Inches Back Above $1300 As Stocks Wobble
e MIchael Strahan's 'Good Morning America' side job confirmed with visit
b Pinnacle Foods and Allergan are big market movers
t News & Analysis PC Prior Art Cited on iPhone
t Thomson: Climate change report sends chill
e Kim Kardashian And Kanye West's Wedding: Are The Couple Getting Married  ...
m American College of Physicians: Doctors should not perform routine pelvic exams
m MERS death toll surges to 282 in Saudi Arabia
e Former Morning TV Mainstay Reveals Cancer Diagnosis (Video)
b Philips, Salesforce cooperate on medical platform
e Movies to see this weekend, March 28
b Healthcare.gov crashes on day of deadline for enrollment under Affordable Care  ...
t Don't Crack That Shiny New HTC One M8 Screen as it's a Pain to Fix
e Game of Thrones: "First of His Name" Review
e Hollywood legend Mickey Rooney dies at 93
t Honda, Mazda, Nissan Recalled Over Airbag Problem
m PetSmart and Petco to stop selling dog, cat treats sold in China
b Frack this!
e Zac Efron punched in the face by homeless man in Skid Row area of Los  ...
e Duchess of Cambridge in another privacy scandal
e Coachella 2014: Beck is unplugged in middle of a song
b French officials meet Siemens, GE for talks on Alstom's future
e Shia LaBeouf checks into rehab?
b UPDATE 2-Fed's Evans says he wants no rate hike until early 2016
b Recent incidents prompt security changes at World Trade Center tower | The  ...
e 'Gone Girl' trailer; Ultimate Warrior's cause of death; Heidi Klum under fire; more  ...
e Kim Kardashian Rants Against Racism: It's My Battle Now!
t Instagram Tests Facebook Places Integration
e First image of Jamie Dornan in Fifty Shades of Grey is unsurprisingly boring
t AT&T plans to bring fiber internet to an additional 100 U.S. cities
t Microsoft's Efforts to Expand Surface Market Share
e Taylor Swift - Three Charged For Hurling Bottles At Taylor Swift's Home
t Heartbleed redux: Private SSL keys, routers, clients exposed
m Eating fried food more than four times a week leads to obesity in people with  ...
e Will Ferrell and Chad Smith: watch the drum off
t NSA denies exploiting Heartbleed bug
t EBay Under Investigation for Security Practices After Massive Breach
m Bionic pancreas helps control diabetes, study says
b First S&P close above 2000 ever
b Pfizer raises bid for AstraZeneca to $117-billion
b Stock markets higher with US manufacturing numbers leading optimism
e Could damn dirty apes one day rule the planet?
t Samsung Plans Galaxy Note 4 with Dust and Water Resistance; IP67 Will Be  ...
m USC Study: Kids Who Sext Like Sex
m Medical pot states report fewer Rx overdose deaths
t 'Flappy Bird' will fly again in August
t Frontback, Dual Camera App Now Available on Android
t Google says 'all Glass spots claimed' after one day sale, as KitKat rolls out
b Aussie, Kiwi Lead G-10 Gains as China's Li Sees Growth
b Libya: Government gain back control of oil production and exports
t Microsoft announces new Halo
e The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1 Trailer: What a Tease!
e Dancing with the Stars Recap: Monday, May 12, 2014
e Justin Bieber Racist 'N-Word' Controversy Continues, 'One Less Lonely N*gger  ...
e 'Glee!' star Chris Colfer rubbishes quitting rumours
b Euro zone sentiment rises
b BP's Lake Michigan Oil Spill: More mess and less transparency from the refinery  ...
e Robin Thicke to Beg Paula Patton Back on Billboard Awards
t Comcast Price Target Lowered to $60.00 at UBS AG (CMCSA)
e Dwayne Johnson dishes on his secret Herculean effort
t Kill Bill: Smartphone kill switch legislation finally makes past California senate
b Bank of America to pay $9.3B to settle Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac claims
e Lea Michele's New BF Makes Her Really Happy & That's All That Matters, Not  ...
e Christina Ricci Is Going To Be A Mommy!
t Full interview with top Xbox exec, Yusuf Mehdi
b Stocks Rise In Half Session
b Three workers rescued from collapsed Honduras mine
m Liberian president warns of ebola epidemic
t AAA reports higher gasoline prices likely in Oklahoma
b FOREX-Euro hovers near 1-year low on Draghi's comments, eyes IFO
t Third Time Lucky For Microsoft As Surface Pro 3 Launches With An Eye On  ...
b WSJ: Citigroup Cuts About 2% of Global Workforce
m Counterfeit FDA seal on E-cigarette 'juice'
e 'The Fault in Our Stars': Shailene Woodley, Ansel Elgort Promise 'Uplifting' Film  ...
e Brown to remain in jail
b RBI leaves key policy rates unchanged
e Lindsay Lohan Reminds Us Of Her Talents On 2 Broke Girls
e Robin lays it on Thicke
e Jack White Shares New Song from Forthcoming Album Lazaretto
e Ryan Gosling's directorial debut, 'Lost River,' booed
t Google begins editing European results
t Twitter introduces photo tagging and trials replacing retweet with share: what will  ...
e Philly artist Charles Burns brings peace between man and monkey in 'Dawn of  ...
b Apple bags the number 5 spot in this year's Fortune 500 list
b Microsoft introduces Office for iPad
e Inside Jennifer Garner & Ben Affleck's Delicious Anniversary Dinner
e About Kurt Cobain's Daughter Reaction to Lana Del Rey's 'I Wish I Was Dead  ...
t Pioneering Scientist Professor Colin Pillinger Dies at 70
t Apple working on 'its biggest ever' iPad with 12.9-inch display
e Legendary Actress, Activist Ruby Dee Dies
b #Malaysia releases data on missing jet
e Ithaca College alumnus to replace Diane Sawyer
t Plastic sullies 88 per cent of ocean surfaces
e Update: Jay Z Brings 'Made In America' Festival To L.A.
e Fox Hires 'Clueless' Actress Stacey Dash As New Commentator
t 9 Things To Know About The PS4's Virtual Reality Headset
t Google reportedly working on TV service Android TV
t Samsung calls Google to its defense in $2 billion Apple trial
t LG Electronics Q1 profit surge 319pc
t Harley Goes Electric in the Race for New Motorcycle Riders
b Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Misses Every Analyst Target; Shares Fall
b If All Goes Well, Fed To End Quantitative Easing By October
t Mario Kart 8 Speeds onto the Charlotte Motor Speedway for NASCAR Race
e Miley Cyrus' VMA date Jesse Helt's criminal history, mug shot photos
t Two new discoveries, one space object: Planetoids in the news
b Write a Prescription for This Pharma ETF
e Selena Gomez & Justin Bieber — Don't Get Married Now
m Study Suggests Informative Microbial Communities Present in Placenta Tissue
m Revealed -- eating dark chocolate may help people with artery disease
e Paul McCartney Releases New Video For “Appreciate”
t YouTube Looking To Buy Twitch For Over $1 Billion
m Illinois Resident Tests Positive For MERS
e Fugitive 'who violated his parole' is captured by cops after posting Facebook  ...
e Ninja Turtles help celebrate Orlando's police officer of the year
b CBS Now Covered by JPMorgan Chase & Co. (CBS)
b White House says Fannie, Freddie could send $179.2 billion in profits to taxpayers
e Amazon to launch streaming music service
b World stocks mostly higher on US economic optimism, hopes for Ukraine
t A Second Large Coalition Calls On White House & FCC To Not Screw Up Net  ...
m Michigan official reluctantly OKs use of medical marijuana for post-traumatic  ...
e Area churches plan holiday services
e Are upcoming release dates real, or just hype?
e Trace Adkin's Marriage of 16 Years Ends as Wife Files for Divorce
b PepsiCo profit grows worldwide in Q1
t 'XLTE' Delivers Added Capacity to the Verizon Wireless 4G LTE Network in  ...
t FTC Files Lawsuit Against T-Mobile, Claims The Company Has Been Over  ...
e 'Hunger Games: Mockingjay, Part 1' Teaser Trailer Arrives Online
b Chinese government says no to P3 Network; carriers abandon plans
b Bank of England looks set to call time on era of record-low interest rates
t Google New Terms Clarify All Emails Are Scanned
t Why the Surface Pro 3 just killed Windows RT
t Avoiding Windows XP Armageddon
t Google Bags Titan Aerospace, Will Utilize It For Internet Expansion, Disaster Relief
e Tel Aviv Beer Ranks Among Top 5 Most Expensive Worldwide
b Oil's rise not just about Iraq turmoil: Dicker sees $130 by 2015
b EXTRA: US hands over illegal oil tanker to Libya
e 'Muppets Most Wanted': Frog goes across the pond, to funny effect
b Longs and shorts: Icahn's eBay loss, banks and regulators colluding and a traffic  ...
e Jennifer Lopez Talks World Cup 2014, Not Dancing with Jennifer Lawrence and  ...
t Newly Published Apple Patent Shows Gesture-Based Passcode Design
m Robert McCartney: Stop Big Tobacco from promoting e-cigarettes
e CD reviews
t HTC One M8 has a depth-sensing camera for refocusing photos, extended depth  ...
m Colon cancer rates decrease sharply
b Amaya's Stock Rises as PokerStars Sale Rumors Heat Up
t BMW Recalls 156000 Vehicles, Because No One Likes When Their Car Won't Start
e Predator Is the Latest Movie to Get the Reboot Treatment
e Actress calls for boycott over Kim and Kanye Vogue cover
t Energy from solar flares headed for Earth
b Ahrendts welcomed to Apple with £40m package
t GM says 3.36m more cars have faulty ignitions
e Duke University Porn Star Belle Knox -- If Duke Wins It All, I'll Give Every Player a ...
e America Ferrera on Cannes Prank: 'Felt Like a Crazy Dream'
e Justin Bieber compares himself to Princess Diana after 'car crash caused by  ...
b Retail sales increase on strength of auto market
b Market Wrap AM
b Samsung lowers Q1 estimate on slowdown in smartphone sales
m Sperm, semen defects may be linked to shorter life spans
e NEW YORK (AP) — Keith Richards is writing a children's book. He really is.
e Could the Kardashians win an Emmy?
e Mila Kunis loves being pregnant, talks Ashton Kutcher
e Seth Rogen thought he was going to hate Zac Efron
e Local singer silenced on 'The Voice'
t Ransomware worries? Turn off Find My Mac/Find My iPhone
t Samsung Galaxy S4 Pricing And Availability Following Galaxy S5 Release
b Ahead of the Bell: US home construction
b Medical device maker Medtronic to buy Covidien for $42.9 bn
b New IRS phone scam nets $1 million from thousands of 'unsuspecting' people
e New Game of Thrones Trailer Shows Off a Grown-Up Dragon
b Gas prices still falling
e There's a reason The November Man comes in August
e Miley Cyrus gets new tattoo to honor dog that died
t Google Android Wear should spur developers to improve smartwatches: Review
e The 'How I Met Your Mother' finale will make you want to call your ex
m Mississippi health officials announce second death from West Nile virus
m Confidence in a patch? Dove beauty experiment has surprising twi - WRCBtv  ...
t Concerning Windows Phone and its relevance to the larger business
m Study: Many preteens have high cholesterol
m Daily Dose of Aspirin may not be Safe for Everyone: FDA
m Cigarette smoking in teens down to 15.7 percent, CDC says
e The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies - Official Teaser Trailer
e Judge nearly ready to start Chris Brown trial
t HTC ONE M8 With 5 Inches Display & Duo Rear Camera Launched
b Facebook reportedly preparing to open a sales office in China, where it is still  ...
t After nearly ten years, Japan bids farewell to the PSP
t Report: YouTube in Buyout Talks With Twitch
e Sean Combs reverts back to Puff Daddy for new album
e Megan Fox tells Cosmo: Ellen DeGeneres is 'sexy'
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West to marry in private this week?
b Presidents Putin and Xi sign historic Russia-China gas deal
b Burger King goes Canadian with new buy
t GM boss 'deeply sorry' for crashes
e Lady Gaga readies jazz CD
b UK inflation rises to 1.8% in April
t Should Google know your deepest darkest secrets?
b Jury's still out in trial of three former Anglo Irish Bank executives
m How human cloning could cure diabetes
e Homeland actor James Rebhorn dies new
t PlayStation Network experiencing "network connectivity issues" again
m Jim Kelly cancer update: Chemotherapy postponed for NFL Hall of Famer - "No  ...
b Cuomo: Rail Strike Would Hold Commuters 'Hostage'
t BlackBerry Outlook Brightens as Chen Cuts Expenses
e Steve Smith: Beach Boy Brian Wilson collaborates with Lana Del Rey, Frank  ...
m Man raising awareness about PTSD and homeless veterans
e New Jersey man drives van into backyard pool, dies
t US user info requests up 120pc since 2010 – Google Transparency Report
t LUNAR ECLIPSE: A bright spot Monday night
t YouTube to see new features, including crowdfunding and 60fps video
b Japan exports down 2.7 percent in May; imports down 3.6 percent
m VA seeks $17.6 billion to hire medical staff, add facilities
b Is Now Your Chance to Invest in Amazon?
e Tributes Flood Social Media for Soul Legend Bobby Womack, 70
m New Evidence Suggests that E-cigarette can help Smokers Quit
t Google Wants to Let You Browse the Web in Virtual Reality with Oculus Rift
m India polio-free after no cases in 3 years
e North West's first birthday plans revealed
t GM makes its 48th vehicle recall for the year
b Argentina Caps 20 Years of Latin America Debt Crises
e Bieber's Hostile & Bizarre Deposition
e Michael Jackson holograms it for the Billboard Music Awards
t Apple and IBM buddy up for enterprise push
b Netflix to raise prices for its streaming service
e President Bardo completes ALS Ice Bucket Challenge
t The FCC mulling new, less neutral rules for the Net
e Shia LaBeouf banned from restaurant after urinating on wall
e Tom Hanks Shows Off Amazing Dance Moves
t T-Mobile purchasing spectrum in case merger fails - report
t 3D: The new Fire Phone from Amazon brings your content to life [AMAZON]
e 'Dragon' flies
b The Battle For Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac Continues
b Stocks Sharply Turn Lower in Final Hour
b California legalizes bitcoin, other virtual currencies
t Honda recalling minivans
e ABC Renews Marvel's Agents of SHIELD and Orders Agent Carter!
e Peaches Geldof was 'sweet and deeply intellectual'
t Chevrolet Corvette Z06 convertible bows ahead of New York Auto Show
b Microsoft unveils Office version for the iPad
t Twitter Releases 'First Tweets' Tool In Honor Of Eighth Birthday
b Editorial: Detroit pension deal the best it's going to get — so don't mess it up
t FCC's net neutrality dissenters: Deregulation is better alternative
e MJ 'hologram' hits Billboard Music Awards
t What Apple Should Do To Make Beats Music Successful
b Area McDonald's to offer free small McCafé coffee March 31-April 13
b USPS Union Hits Staples Postal Service
t A week through Google Glass
b Mezgec gets 3rd stage win, Rodriguez leads Volta
e “Weird Al” Yankovic Teaches You The Importance of Preserving Food In 'Foil'
e Robin Thicke Dedicates Billboard Awards Song 'Get Her Back' To Wife: What  ...
e Home»News»Entertainment»Miley Cyrus says she's fighting fit as she resumes  ...
e 'Transcendence' (2014) Movie Review
e Chris Evans Confesses That Playing Captain America Quite Literally Stinks! Get  ...
e Bond girl Olga Kurylenko on working with Pierce Brosnan in 'The November Man'
b Police: Md. woman charged after leaving son in car
b Obama Issues Plan to Cut Methane Leaks From Landfills, Mines (1)
t iPad sales slump, although iPhone growth continues
b Japan Core Machine Orders Plummet 19.5% In May
b GM recalls another 2.4 million cars | USA NOW
b Walmart's (WMT) CEO C. Douglas McMillon on Q1 2014 Results - Earnings Call  ...
t Apple discontinues iPad 2 and replaces it with fourth-generation iPad with  ...
b Symantec sacks group CEO
e Fallon Hosts Crosby, Stills & Young Reunion, Covers 'Fancy' (VIDEO)
b BoE minutes reveal rate hike debates at Threadneedle Street
b 3D Systems Drops 9% on Q1: Street Urges Keep the Faith
b Petronas CEO warns BC against 'unrealistic expectations' on LNG
b Government Says Airlines Should Disclose Bag, Seat Fees
b UK services accelerate as recovery steams on
e Our Town's Zach Gilford stars in 'Purge'-turner
b Kashi settles class-action suit over `All Natural'
t Court rules Japan no longer allowed on annual whale hunt 'for science'
b S&P 500 Closes Above 1900 For The First Time Ever
t Latest News On WWE Network Using Outside Advertising, WWE Stock Update  ...
e The Bachelorette 2014 Spoilers: Reality Steve Predicts Next Bachelor
e UPDATE 1-Actress Ann B. Davis, devoted 'Brady Bunch' housekeeper, dies
e The Hunger Games: Catching Fire Wins Big At MTV Movie Awards
e Miley Cyrus opens UK tour with overdose denial...and the odd sweary word
e 2014 Cuba film festival to honor Gabriel Garcia Marquez
t Hackers are winning, survey claims
b US politicians raise questions over Pfizer bid
b W. House mulls regulations to cut methane from oil, gas sector
b Bank of America's Dividend Boost Means More Than You Think
b AIG Profit Falls Amid Higher Catastrophe Losses
e Willow Smith In Bed With Grown Man
m Dark chocolate is good for you, thanks to your gut microbes
e 'Veronica Mars' Review : mystery aside, It's pleasingly good!
e Brad Pitt & Angelina Jolie Reportedly Set To Star In New Movie Together
e 'Normal Heart' brings its story of love and AIDS to HBO
t Net neutrality pushback
m Smoking Gun: Rates Of Premature Births, Childhood Asthma Have Gone Down  ...
m Pistorius trial resumes after psychiatric tests
e Even the beautiful people can need help
e Rolf Harris says: I'm waxing a bit too lyrical on all these answers
b Health Care Law Update - May 19, 2014
e 10 Reasons Sharknado 2 Was Even More Of A Masterpiece Than The First One
m Allen County Public Health Announced State Health Rankings
m 'Monster' burger combo named unhealthiest meal in the United States
e Bafta TV Awards 2014 - live blog
t Apple may unveil iWatch on September 9 too
t Rumours resurface of jumbo Apple iPad
b Target CEO Loses Job
e Mad Men: Craziest Episode Yet.
e Robin Thicke taps into his spiritual side with stones
t Facebook study manipulated News Feeds in January 2012 to investigate  ...
b Wall Street ends higher as blue chips rally; Intel up late
e Chelsea Handler Ends 7-Year Run On E!
b China factory gauge signals economy stabilizing
m City Relay for Life raises over $100k
b Georgia's jobless rate falls to 7.0 percent in March
e NFL in bid to sue MIA for $16.6m for Super Bowl middle finger
b Obama Steps In To End Philadelphia Commuter Rail Strike
e Macaulay Culking flees the stage as The PIzza Underground are pelted with  ...
t Facebook experienced an outage affecting users around the world
b So Amazon Bought ComiXology. What Now?
e The Most Idealized Sentiments From Taylor Swift's Love Story Op-Ed About The  ...
t This Former Dictator Is Suing the Call of Duty Makers
e Garth Brooks teases big announcement — is it a world tour?
e Kim Kardashian Picks Her Top Spoof Vogue Covers —What's Her Favorite?
b W.Africa Crude-Low Nigerian exports to underpin differentials
t Microsoft extends deadline for Windows 8.1 Update requirement
m Urgency for Total Involvement in Fight Against Ebola
e Taye Diggs Is WAY Over Idina Menzel & WAY Into His New Lady Friend!
m St. Jude-backed device gets FDA approval
e Lady Gaga Celebrates Birthday In Birthday Suit - Plus A Few Roses! [Pictures]
b Amazon Appstore coming to BlackBerry
m Flesh-eating bacteria outbreak in Florida
e 101 Rumors About Kim Kardashian And Kanye West's Wedding
e Radio Icon Casey Kasem Dies At Age 82
t Bad moon rising? No, but tonight's 'super moon' won't be seen for another 35 years
t 2015 Ford Mustang 50 Year Limited Edition Celebrates the Mustang's 50th  ...
b HP slashes 16000 more jobs
m Tequila Plant May Be Good For Diabetics
b Optimism, But No Breakthrough In Search For Malaysian Jet
b Credit Suisse GC fails to avoid corporate guilty plea
e Game Of Thrones Star Natalie Dormer Talks That Purple Wedding Shocker: 'It  ...
m E-cigarettes could be prescribed on the NHS as study finds they 'help smokers quit'
b US Stocks Rise, Led by Consumers as Nasdaq Slumps
t LG G3 Fully Unveiled By LG Dutch Site Ahead of May 27 Event
m Scrutiny gaining momentum regarding e-cigarette sales and marketing
m High Cholesterol Among US Kids Has Doctors Worried
m Dieters say low-calorie foods leave them with empty feeling
t Google faces link-removal request overload post EU court ruling
e A Detailed Look at Dane DeHaan as the Green Goblin in 'The Amazing Spider  ...
e 'Hercules' Trailer: The Rock Makes Kellin Lutz Look Like A Punk
e Beyoncé's Not Bossy, She's The Boss -- And We Believe Her
e Professor Green defends One Direction's Zayn Malik and Louis Tomlinson after  ...
e Exclusive: Lena Headey & Emilia Clarke talk 'Game Of Thrones' Season 4
e 'X-Men' director Bryan Singer in sex abuse lawsuit
e The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back  ...
b Sahara chief Subrata Roy to remain in jail
t PayPal rolls out fingerprint authentication
t US proposes pay-for-priority Internet standards
t Cisco Wants to Stitch Clouds Together
t Google Glass is taking off more rapidly in mobile health
t Get Pew Research data by email
t Comet's centuries-old dust may make for dazzling meteor shower
b US stocks move lower on gloomy news from Asia
e Monty Python shows aim for Jagger-like energy jolt
t Apple to unveil 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch iPhone 6 variants in September: Nikkei
b Lagarde Says IMF Must Keep Helping Crisis-Hit Countries
e Beyonce and Jay Z get personal launching tour
e 'Dancing With the Stars': Exiting dancer is...
t GM Creates New Post To Deal With Recalls, Safety Issues
t We're not fooled, but these pranks still funny
m Foreign doctors, nurses in Saudi Arabia could spread MERS globally
e Dave Franco thinks brother James' underwear selfie was refined
e Lindsay Lohan's mom pleads guilty to drunk driving
b European Markets Trade Lower Ahead Of Carney's Testimony
e Critic's corner: March 17
m Purple Week underway for cancer awareness, Relay for Life fundraising
t Samsung, Twitter and Nokia's profit dilemmas
b Gold Fundamental Analysis July 4, 2014 Forecast
t Facebook mulling anonymity feature: Report
e Critics pan Ryan Gosling's directorial debut
b Taxi drivers in Europe go head-to-head with Uber app
e Our First Look at the CGI Peanuts Movie
e Miley Cyrus Allowed to have Restraining Order Against a Fan
b Weir offers all-share merger with 60-40 split, small premium - source
e Author, poet, rights activist Maya Angelou dies at 86
t OKCupid Boycotts Firefox For the Gays
t Is the Amazon Phone Finally Coming? Leaked Images Say So; Could Launch  ...
e Tracy Morgan's Condition Upgraded To Fair After Crash
b GM creates new post to spearhead safety issues
e Baby North West Turns One-Year-Old! 'Kimye' Couple Give Diamond Earrings to  ...
t Lookout now gives you a play-by-play as thieves steal your phone
t IPCC says climate change is here, world needs to act
e Easter comes with chocolate goodies
m Illinois 'conversion therapy' ban advances
b Extension of filing deadline allows Tesla to sell cars for 2 additional weeks in  ...
e Grey's Anatomy, Revenge renewed for further season
e Hercules Photos: First “Official” Look at Dwayne Johnson
e 'Spider-Man 2' opens has $91.6 million dollar opening weekend
e Zara in hot water over offensive t-shirt
e Spidey Still Rules Overseas...$69 Million More For "Amazing Spider-Man 2"
t FBI arrested 100 people for malicious software
b Chrysler Will Build A Plug-In Hybrid Minivan That Gets 75 MPG
t Lytro Next-Gen Light-Field DSLR Illum Lets You Refocus Photos Post-Shoot
b US durable goods orders post second straight strong gain
t Facebook crashes
m Opinon: Emphasis needs to be placed on treatment for nicotine addiction
e Brad Pitt throws beer to Matthew McConaughey from balcony
b GM recalls 3.4 million more cars for ignition defect
e Paula David – Fourth Estate Cooperative Reporter
m Researchers Test The Latest Version of Bionic Pancreas Device
t ISS astronauts watch the World Cup -- in space
t Restaurants, pastry shops celebrate Pi Day
t Apple and Motorola agree to drop lawsuits against each other, work on patent  ...
e Broadway Producers Craig Zadan and Neil Meron to Produce the 2015 Oscars
e Meet Jeopardy!'s new master--and his controversial strategy [Podcast interview]
e Harrison Ford May Miss 8 Weeks Of Filming 'Star Wars Episode VII' Due To  ...
t US tech firms to pay $325m in hiring settlement
t Ignore Tesla's earnings, listen for these 3 things instead
e Ice Bucket challenges flood area (with VIDEO)
t Jury rules against Samsung in case versus Apple
e Box Office: Christian Film 'Heaven Is for Real' Prospering on Opening Day
b Highway crisis looms as early as August
b US housing construction is off to slow start in May
t Apple Inc. (AAPL) To Take Google Head-On In Smart Home Market Worth $71  ...
e Mad Men's season seven episode one: changing Time Zones
t For real? Mazda's latest recall due to a spider, man
b Eli Lilly and Company: Lilly Announces Agreement to Acquire Novartis Animal  ...
m Conjoined Twins Separated Last August Expected To Be Released From  ...
e RIP comedian John Pinette
e Whitest chick on the planet to play native American in Pan
m Guinea says Ebola outbreak contained, but death toll rises
m UK scientists slam Tamiflu drug in ongoing debate
b Russia vows painful response to new U.S. sanctions over Ukraine
b Official survey shows China manufacturing at highest in 27 months after mini  ...
b BofA to pay $9.5 bn to settle mortgage securities suit
t 'Two Weeks' To Protect Against Computer Virus That Is 'Literally Extorting People'
m Study: Marriage seems to be good for heart
t Gas prices headed upwards
m Health Care For Military Vets Overdue By Almost 1 Year At Some VA Regional  ...
e 'Captain America' strengthens its hold at the box office
b Bank of Japan chief signals impatience with Abe government
b Libyan Parliament Ousts Prime Minister
m Researchers: Young dads at high risk of depression, too
t Poll: Majority of Americans support net neutrality (if they know what it is)
m The Latest Advancements in Breast Cancer Treatment
e 'Life Of Crime' Star Jennifer Aniston Reunites With Courteney Cox, Lisa Kudrow  ...
t Regulators To Facebook And WhatsApp: 'We're Watching You'
e Robert Downey Jr. Delivers the First Photo From the Set of Avengers: Age of Ultron
t Amazon 3D Smartphone Release Date: Phone Rumored To Come Out This  ...
b Key euro-zone data this week in Europe may dictate ECB move
e Shigeru Ban wins 2014 Pritzker Architecture Prize
t Cortana's Foursquare support goes live on more Windows Phones
t Microsoft unveils all new Surface Pro 3
b Ford first quarter profit driven down by North America, warranty costs
b Nikkei bounces on Wall Street performance
b Asian stock markets make mild gains
b Eurozone business activity data adds to pressure on ECB
e Avril Lavigne's new 'Hello Kitty' music video savaged by press
t Octopus Mother Of The Year Has 8 Arms, Spends More Than Four Years  ...
t `Addictive` Flappy Bird to come back on App Stores
b Pot Vending Machine: Marijuana-Laced Goodies Available in Colorado
b Subrata Roy to remain in jail, SC lifts curbs on Sahara's sale of assets
e Floyd Mayweather Speaks On Altercation With T.I.
e Chris Evans Hints 'Avengers: Age of Ultron' May Revisit Captain America's Past
b U.S. jobs grow by more than 200000 for 6 months in row, the longest stretch  ...
t iPhone 6 Release Date Rumors: 5.5-Inch 'Phablet' Production Begins in July
e Bob Dylan's 'Like a Rolling Stone' Draft's Sets Record With $2 Million Sale at  ...
e CFDA Awards: Rihanna Shows Up Nearly Naked
b Good News For Tesla: AZ Bill Would Legalize Direct Sales As State Angles For  ...
b Smith & Wesson cuts outlook, cites high inventory
e Kristin Cavallari and Jay Cutler welcome 2nd son
t Suffolk smog still worst in state, Lung Association report finds
b Walt Disney Records to Release 'Legacy' Edition of THE LION KING Soundtrack  ...
m Walnuts Recalled Due to Potential Listeria Contamination
t LG G Watch available from AT&T July 11 for $229
b Groupon Inc Recovery Uneven But Impressive Says Morgan Stanley
b Wall St little changed amid earnings flurry
e Lena Dunham calls out Hollywood sexism in SXSW keynote speech
m Eating just two and half portions of fruit and veg a day cuts stroke risk by a third
b US Near Deal With Credit Suisse
b Australian Dollar to US Dollar (AUD/USD) Exchange Rate hits two-month high  ...
b Jeep reports best month ever as Chrysler posts 17% sales increase in May
e Ice Cube's "22 Jump Street" Opens As Second Highest Earning R-Rated  ...
b New York is a central battleground in national debate over genetically modified  ...
b Unemployment rates fall in 21 US states last month
e Lionsgate Surprises No One, Splits Final 'Divergent' Book Into Two Parts
t Apple to live stream WWDC 2014 keynote next week
m Being too cynical could lead to dementia
e Film Review of the Week: Edge of Tomorrow
b Swiss Bank Pleads Guilty to US Tax Evasion, Fined $2.6 Billion
b Alstom board accepts 10 billion euro GE offer for energy unit-paper
m Sense of smell is out of sight
b Intuit to Buy Mobile Bill Pay App Provider Check for $360M
t Apple may launch headphones with heart rate sensor
t Chrysler Group LLC reports May 2014 US sales increased 17 percent; Best May  ...
b South Africa engineering strike latest blow to sickly economy
e VIDEO: MTV MOVIE AWARDS Honor Paul Walker with Moving Tribute
e Avril Lavigne Under Fire For 'Hello Kitty' Music Video
e “I did not kill my wife”: David Fincher's Gone Girl gets a trailer
e OMG, Amber Heard! Johnny Depp shows off receding grey hair on set of new  ...
b 5 things to know about the EPA's new CO2 proposal
t Old timey car to replace NYC horse carriages is put on display
b Royal Dutch Shell (RDS.B) Trading With Heavy Volume Before Market Open
e 'Sopranos' Creator David Chase's Rep Blasts Report Claiming Tony Soprano's  ...
b Chiquita is valued at $1 billion and WhatsApp 19 times that—the numbers that  ...
b Weibo Gains in US Debut
t Self driving car tests now focused on city driving says Google
b US economic growth better than thought in fourth quarter of 2013
b Brent slips below $108 as Mideast tension cools on Gaza lull
t Drug-dealing game 'Weed Firm' tops Apple's App Store charts
b ASML Revenue Forecast Trails Estimates on Slowing Demand
e Jenny McCarthy and Donnie Walberg engaged
b HP's problem in one chart: Printing is now its biggest source of profit
b EPA proposes federal control of streams, wetlands
t Microsoft introduces larger Surface tablet in bid to take market share
b US Added 288K Jobs in June
e Jennifer Esposito trashes ex-husband Bradley Cooper in new book 'Jennifer's Way'
e L'Wren Scott: Desperate to Marry Mick Jagger & Have Kids
b Couple wins $3 million in drilling lawsuit
t On Oculus Rift and Facebook's grand acquisitions
b Stock continue slide...Bank earnings...Producer prices up...Sony recalling laptops
t Facebook rolls out 'I'm a Voter' election feature worldwide
t Google's Nest Calls on Developers to Build Third-Party Apps
e 'Mad Men' Season 7 Spoilers: Title And Synopsis Leaked For Episode 2; What  ...
e 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' crosses $200 million mark at domestic box office
b Microsoft reports $5.66bn Q1 net profit
b Applications for jobless aid hits 7-year low
b Blow for Airbus and Rolls-Royce as Emirates cancels A350XWB order
e VIDEO: Harris facing prison term after guilty verdicts
m African leaders to discuss Ebola outbreak
e Melissa McCarthy broke down when she saw herself on 'Tammy' billboard 0
b Could Dismissal Of American Apparel's CEO Backfire?
b Ukraine may start to get shale gas from US
e Jolie wants daughters to have individuality
b Tuesday newspaper round-up: Wolfson Microelectronics, Royal Mail, Sanctions
t Heartbleed: What you need to know as an SF State student
t US judge approves Toyota $1.2 billion settlement over concealing defects
b 'Risky Business' report calls climate change an economic threat
e Lois Lane pulls a classy move for a solidier
t Samsung Gear Live, LG G Watch smartwatches available today
e 'SNL': Guest Host Seth Rogen Ribs James Franco About Underage Girl Incident
b Search For Missing Jet Focuses On Objects Seen Off Australia
e Bombshell Fitness Applauds Client Nia Sanchez, the First Miss USA from Nevada
e Thrones return shows who's king
t First driverless cars will be on British roads early next year
m Schumer: FDA will revise 'spent grain rule' for farmers and brewers
b Fitch Affirms Colorado Unemployment Assessment Bonds at 'AA'; Outlook Stable
t Oculus Rift Headed For Chuck E. Cheese
t HUNNEMAN: A reminder of a time of challenges and cooperation
t With Android Wear, Google Just Made Other Smartwatches Look Foolish
b Burger King buys Tim Hortons: The 'hypocrisy' of Warren Buffett
b Auto interiors company joint venture
e New 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' Trailer Reveals More Plot Points
t Camelopardalid meteor shower was a stunning live show
b The Bank Of England Chief Just Fired The Ultimate Warning To Markets At The  ...
b Detroit fined over error
b Calif. billionare buys record life policy
m Most unhealthy meals in America revealed
t Netflix boss Reed Hastings hits out at ISP traffic fees
e Jack White Returns With New Solo Album 'Lazaretto' & Instrumental Fuzz-Fest  ...
b Gold Futures Slip Below $1300 After Yellen Testimony
b NextGen Delivering Promised Efficiency for Airlines and Passengers Traveling  ...
t [UPDATE] The Amazing Spider-Man 2 to run at 1080p on PS4
b JP Morgan "Mr Fix-it" is latest departure
t New 3D camera is onboard; gorgeous metal body phone bests Samsung's GS5  ...
e Tips on how to protect your electronics while you're on vacation
e Shia LaBeouf spotted with Alcoholics Anonymous book after NY arrest
t Google-Owned Nest Labs Recalls 440K Smoke Alarms
b NBCU & WWE Renew Partnership
m Ebola outbreak: Morocco steps up guard
b Malaysian Jet Was in Controlled Flight After Contact Was Lost, Officials Suspect
t Study says shellfish could be doomed
t HTC One M8: Top 5 Business Features
t Two new iPad models hinted at by iOS 7.1 update
b Nestle reports sales slump, blames strong Swiss franc
t 5 Pinterest Tips for Small Business Owners
m Are e-cigarettes targeting kids with fruity flavors?
t FTC officials throw support behind Tesla's direct-sales model
e Brittany Murphy's Final Movie 'Something Wicked' Premiering in Oregon
b Procter & Gamble Shares Jump On Less-Is-More Strategy PG
e Maleficent Sneak Peek To Debut In Disney Parks, New Featurette Released
e Emma Stone on Andrew Garfield: 'I Love Him Very Much' (Video)
e Glee Music Spoilers! First Listen + Song List: Season 5, Episode 12 “100  ...
e Queen Set to Release New Album, Unheard Freddie Mercury Songs
t Facebook buys Oculus virtual-reality goggles firm: What the deal means
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West land Vogue cover, show off baby North
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Thinks Beyonce and Jay-Z's Absence on  ...
m Google's Baseline project could have big implications
m Alcohol costs US $224bn a year
m World Health Organization: Air pollution kills millions
e How 'Godzilla' defied the experts and tracking to blow away the box office
t Carousel by Dropbox
m Six States Ordered to Fix Medicaid Backlog
e Paul McCartney Rocking Again After Hospitalization
e Chris Brown & Justin Bieber Collaborate
e 'Field of Dreams' Turns 25
t Ford and Fisher-Price announce Power Wheels F-150
m Today is National HIV Testing Day - Get Tested!
t Facebook changes default privacy settings for new users to friends-only
e Not Even Princesses Are Free From Mommy Judgment
b Intel's Profit Slides as PC Market Shrinks -- 2nd Update
t Apple + Comcast = ?
m Having a baby over 33 means women live longer
b California DMV probing possible credit card breach
e Christians the world over will be celebrating Easter next Sunday
e Alleged Bryan Singer Associate Was Sued In 2000 For Sexual Abuse By X-Men  ...
b ObamaCare Deadline Nears with Uncertainty
b AAA Predicting Busy July 4th Travel Weekend
e Juan Pablo Proposes To Nikki Ferrell - In Love And Getting Married! CDL  ...
t Rules for Self-Driving Cars in Legal Gray Area
t Barra: 'Today's GM will do the right thing'
t Things Virtual Reality Will Change Forever
e LiLo takes up pole dancing in order to stay sober
b Lesser prairie chicken to be listed as threatened species
b Juniper's Revenue Tops Estimates as Carriers Increase Orders (1)
m Health Ministry says ready to handle any potential Ebola cases
m Autism rates soar, now affects 1 in 68 US children
b Greenberg: Is New Innovation Really Best Buy's Problem?
e What The Future Might Hold For Spider-Man Movies
e Britney Spears - Dancer Planning To Sue Britney Spears Over Video Accident
b Omnicom, Publicis call off merger
m French cops probe Schumi record theft
t Samsung's Galaxy S5 Mini: Everything you need to know
b A tower of power: Bizarre half-mile-high structure could produce as much  ...
e Did Pope Francis Cancel Meeting with Russell Crowe?
b UN urges calm from Vietnam, China in disputed waters
t Tech toys: New mobile phones that outgun the iPhone and more
b Nollywood and telecoms make Nigeria Africa's largest economy
t Dr. Dre Web posting bolsters speculation of Apple-Beats deal
e Lee Marshall, the voice of Tony the Tiger, dead: Kellogg's actor dies from  ...
b Another Cigarette Alternative May Soon Be Available
m FDA: Lidocaine should not be used to treat teething pain among infants
e Creator misquoted on Sopranos fate
e 'Night Out' not a wild and crazy time
t FCC Considers Killing Net Neutrality… Again
t T-Mobile's Backup Plan: Buy Low-Band Spectrum from Smaller Carriers
t AT&T Can 'Say Anything': AT&T IP Transition Trials and the Direct TV Merger  ...
t Time Warner Prices: Consumer Groups Worry About Hike If Comcast Deal OK'd
e 'The Originals' season 1, episode 16 recap: Family matters
t Apple's iOS 8 to offer location-based access to apps from lock screen
e US Vogue puts Kim and Kanye on the cover
b US, Citi near multibillion dollar deal to settle mortgage probe: DJ
m Study: Women over 60 have one in six chance of getting Alzheimer's disease
t Siri software maker Nuance Communications in sale talks: Reports
e Miley Cyrus cancels concert 30 minutes before start
e Heading to Coachella this weekend? Set times have been released!
t Godfather of all dinosaurs discovered in Argentina: 'World's largest' stuns  ...
b Libya's El Sharara oilfield restarts in another breakthrough for Tripoli
m Ebola virus confirmed in Guinea's capital
m Ebola virus identified as source of Guinea's deadly haemorrhagic fever epidemic
m HIV: More 'Cures' in Babies?
e Ice Cube Clarifies Paul Walker Comments After Losing at the MTV Movie Awards
t NASA's Mars spacecraft maneuvers to prepare for close comet flyby
e EXCLUSIVE: Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin will still live together
b Pound Sterling to New Zealand Dollar (GBP/NZD) Exchange Rate slips to six  ...
m Microbes Lurking in Placenta Also Found in Your Mouth
e Lifetime Confirms Aaliyah Biopic, New Details Emerge About Fall Premiere
e ABC's 'Castle' season 6, episode 24 (finale) review: Castle, Beckett, a wedding  ...
e Amidst 'The 'View' Changing Hosting Line-up, Rosie O'Donnell May Be Set For A  ...
b BOC Aviation places Boeing order worth $8.8 billion
m Fifty-nine now dead from Guinea Ebola outbreak
e Johnny Depp Subpoenaed in Murder Trial
e Movie review: 'The Grand Budapest Hotel'
m Immunotherapy Providing Relief For Allergy Sufferers
e Celebrities pay tribute to Peaches Geldof, following her tragic death
b Yellen Says She's In Favor Of Having A Community Banker on the Fed Board
t Facebook rolls out a dinosaur to prompt privacy settings review
e 'Walking Dead' creator Frank Darabont circling 'The Huntsman' spinoff
t The Five Biggest Issues With the Playstation 4, and How to Avoid Them
e Introducing Mr. & Mrs. West! Kim & Kanye Finally Tie The Knot In Florence, Italy
e Marvel Comics Recasts Thor As A Woman
t Notre Dame professor helped discover Earth-like planet
t US congressional probe heats up as GM expands recalls
e Full House Cast Reunites At Dave Coulier's Wedding; CeeLo Green Reveals  ...
e FX: BASKETS PICKED UP
t Emotional contagion via Facebook? Yes, it's a reality
e Pope Francis - Studio Executives Dismiss Rumours Of Cancelled Pope Francis  ...
e TV highlights: Andi hands out her final rose on 'The Bachelorette' finale
e 'True-Blood' finale attracts 4 million viewers
e Zendaya pulls out of Lifetime's Aaliyah TV biopic
e Photos: Dave Coulier Wedding Reunites Cast of FULL HOUSE!
e Holy week services will start Monday
m E-Cigarette Users Don't Always Quit Smoking, Study Finds
e Kim Kardashian, Brandon Jenner Kissed "Back in the Day," Brody Jenner Says
t Electric car maker Tesla opening access to its electric car patents
t B612 Foundation's Telescope could Detect Asteroid Strike in Advance
e James Franco Slams Critic Over Negative Review of His Play 'Of Mice and Men'
e HGTV's latest batch of house-flipping shows tainted by right-wing hosts
b There Might Be A Deal To Save Cupcake Bakery Crumbs
b US charges Chinese army officers with cyber spying
e Paul McCartney resumes touring in New York
b Search for lost Malaysian jet continues
b Medical Assn won't stop Medicare doc data release
t UPDATE 1-Motorcycling-Marquez grabs pole for Grand Prix of the Americas
t 'Nokia to name Rajeev Suri as next CEO on Tuesday'
b US stocks erase some of the ground lost last week as retail sales pick up; Citi  ...
m Drug Nintedanib Quite Effective in Slowing IPF Progression
t Samsung Galaxy Core vs Samsung Galaxy Grand Neo – Comparison of  ...
e 'The Voice' recap: Stealing The Suspense
t Apple v. Samsung, round 2 continues: Apple requests a retrial and Samsung  ...
t Charlotte-area gas prices still holding steady
t Google's Nest buys video security startup Dropcam for $555 million
e James Franco Seth Rogen Kimye Spoof - Vogue Cover
e NBC Sets Premiere for The Maya Rudolph Show Special
e 'Alien: Isolation' Will Contain Sigourney Weaver And More, But Only If You Pre  ...
b Ryanair to introduce 'business class'
b Quiznos is toasted. Sandwich company files for bankruptcy (Video)
e American Idol 2015 To Be Scaled Back - Update: Confirmed
t Titanfall Review (Xbox One / 360 / PC)
e Sir Paul Mccartney back on tour three-hour New York set
e COMIC CON 2014: CBS'S GREATEST MOMENTS
t Faveable deals: Kindle Fire HD 4G LTE Tablet, 15% off Haworth chairs and  ...
t Watch Dogs launch overdrive: documentary series on tap
b How Google overturned Apple to top BrandZ's list
e TI, Mayweather Vegas Brawl ...
b GLOBAL MARKETS-World stocks, copper and oil fall after weak China exports
b Deutsche Bank's Head of Currency Kevin Rodgers Leaves Amid FX Fixing  ...
e VIDEO: Professor Stephen Hawking takes on the Ice Bucket Challenge – and  ...
b Dollar hit by Fed, Swedish crown stung by inflation shock
t FTC says T-Mobile has let text message scams run wild (Update: T-Mobile  ...
m Gentiva Health Services Shares Up After Kindred Offer
t Facebook manipulated news feeds for research
e NY Opera Cancels Live Screening Over Anti-Semitic Concerns
e Emma Stone & Andrew Garfield Cuddle Up On The Red Carpet For The  ...
t Amazon denies it's fallen short stopping kids' in-app purchases
t Pink Dwarf Planet Discovered Out Past Pluto, Nicknamed Biden After VP
e Garcia Marquez left one last manuscript
e US screen legend and activist Ruby Dee dies
b China GDP slows to 7.4% in first quarter
b Bank of America reports first quarterly loss since 2011 on lofty legal bill
e Mia Wasikowska and Julianne Moore star in first trailer for David Cronenberg's  ...
b Sikorsky gets $1B Air Force contract to build rescue chopper
e Miley Cyrus Gets New Tattoo to Honor Floyd — Love It? (PHOTOS)
e Walking Dead writer Robert Kirkman promises shocking finale
e Robert Pattinson's sister Lizzy sinks her teeth into X Factor auditions
b Potential SummerSlam Spoiler Removed from Amazon, New Money in the Bank  ...
m 2-year-old amputee walks, exclaims “I got it. I got it”
e Jena Irene American Idol 2014 Top 11 Live Show – Decode
t E3 2014: Destiny PS4 Alpha NOW open to everyone who applied
e Justices appear skeptical in Internet streaming case
t Mozilla Gives Up on Windows 8 Touch Interface, Kills 'Metro' Firefox
t Microsoft: Xbox One June 2014 Sales More Than Double May 2014's Sales in  ...
m Flu Vaccine Cuts Children's Hospitalization Rates
e Columbus Short arrested
b Kellogg agrees to change labeling on Kashi line
e Former 'Ghost Whisperer' Star Jennifer Love Hewitt Returns to CBS, Joins  ...
m Concern mounts over deadly MERS virus
b For Those Out of Work, Scant Optimism in Finding the Next Job, Poll Finds
t As luck would have it… Full moon on Friday the 13th
b Firm will track planes by satellite after Malaysia jet lost
e Kate O'Mara: in pictures
m Tennessee gets low marks on number of painkiller prescriptions
m MC Mosquito Commission will be spraying in Ocean tonight
t IBM is Apple's simplest solution to selling more iPads
e Emma Watson changes into guaze dress for Noah premiere afterparty
e Countdown to the 'Bachelor' finale: Chris Harrison, Juan Pablo disagree on why  ...
t See Ferrier, Mescall, Keenan's #FirstTweet... and Nobay's (again)
e People Magazine Most Beautiful Person: Lupita Nyong'o Wins Top Honor, See  ...
e Woman “grazed” by lightning while sitting on her couch
b Freddie Mac to pay US Treasury $4.5 billion on quarterly profit
t Microsoft Laying Off 18K Employees, Closing Xbox Entertainment Studios
b Dollar Tree, Inc. (NASDAQ:DLTR) Opts To Buy Family Dollar Stores For A  ...
b Economic Watch: New Home Sales Fall During July
m Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMY), Incyte (INCY) Enter Collaboration for Nivolumab +  ...
b Time Warner's Spinoff of Time Inc. Scheduled for May 23
t Google Unleashes Myriad I/O Announcements
b Satellite Firm: We'll Track World's Jets for Free
e 'Game of Thrones' Season 4 Finale: Tyrion Killing His Father on Father's Day  ...
e Jennifer Lopez attends Paris Fashion Show wearing white Versace gown
b US stocks hit new peaks after jobs report
b ADM to buy Swiss flavouring maker
t Facebook Acquires Two-Year-Old Fitness App Maker
b ﻿36.1M to travel Memorial Day weekend; gas prices steady
e Kermit wants Hulk role
e 'Bears' review: Disneynature documentary a delightful nature trip
e Justin Bieber, Selena Gomez Rekindked Their Romance
e The Coolest New Sun Protection Tools
t Who knows what happens once you enter the info?
e Usher nabs first Voice victory with Josh Kaufman
t Samsung in talks to buy Nuance
e Storm Shield is a life-saving app that is like a NOAA Emergency Weather Radio  ...
e Gary Oldman defends Mel Gibson's racism with more racism. There are no  ...
e SOLANGE KNOWLES ATTACKS JAY Z IN SHOCKING VIDEO
e 'Transformers' Topples 'Tammy' at Fourth of July Box Office
t In a Major Victory, Court Orders a Halt on Japanese Whaling
b Washington Redskins' trademark cancelled by gov't; Twitter reacts
e Prince returns to Warner Bros., new album due soon
t Octopus who nourished eggs for 4.5 years!
b Lake's jobless rate rises after year-end decline
m Sierra Leone News: Airtel staff give away day's salary to
e Hello Kitty isn't a cat!? We called Sanrio to find out!
t Edward Snowden tells tech-savvy crowd: Be Internet 'firefighters'
t ARRL Field Day shows off ham radios
t Biggest-ever dinosaur fossils found in Argentina
e 'The Voice' recap: Peeta and Katniss From District Provo
e Saturday Night Live Is Parting Ways With 2 More Cast Members, Might Demote A  ...
e Star Wars: Episode VII to start shooting in May, to be set 30 years after "Return  ...
b Alibaba reveals huge revenue, profit weeks before IPO
e Rihanna Causes Controversy with #FreePalestine Tweet
m Judge Won't Block Ariz. Law Which Bans Women From Taking Abortion-Inducing  ...
b Gas price average in Texas moves two cents higher
t Artificial Intelligence Researcher and Investor Creates Own Google Glass Device
t GM Recalls 1.3 Mln Vehicles To Fix Power Steering
t Adobe Voice for iPad combines user narration and simple animations to create  ...
e How I Met Your Mother finally answers its own question in last ever episode  ...
t Facebook announces FB Newswire service in partnership with News Corp  ...
e So why wasn't this £50000 designer dream good enough for Three Kitchens Kate?
m Breast Cancer Gene may Increase Risk of Uterine Cancer
e Daybreak: Jamie Foxx on playing The Amazing Spider-Man 2's Electro
b Illinois Attorney General Takes On Student Loan Scammers
m Four women implanted with lab-grown vaginas in US
b European Stock Markets Move Higher
b Walking The Uninsured Through Obamacare Sign-Ups Is Tiring And Tedious. It  ...
e Wiz Khalifa s song with Adele
m US academic calls on State to regulate e-cigarettes
b Stock Market News for June 13, 2014 - Market News
b US stock market rally seen continuing
e WATCH: Avril Lavigne releases terrible 'Hello Kitty' music video for terrible EDM  ...
e Did Lady Gaga's G.U.Y. make you say W.H.Y.? Read this
e 'True Detective' Season 2 Sounds an Awful Lot Like 'Full House'
t Apple iOS Vs. Android: The Wealth Of Ecosystems
b After Worker Deaths Amazon Warehouses Under Scrutiny
m South Korea Sues Big Tobacco
b Pound Exchange Rate Weaker against NZD, AUD, EUR. USD Supported by  ...
e Sofia Coppola sets sights on live-action Little Mermaid
m Santa Cruz beachgoers react to US surgeon general warning about tanning
t Twitter Takes the Wraps Off Its Version of Facebook's Giant Moneymaker
t Why Google Has the Best Shot at Making the Killer Smartwatch
t Stock Update: International Business Machines Corporation (NYSE:IBM) – IBM  ...
b American Apparel adopts stockholder rights plan to stop ousted CEO
t Amazon's 'Fire Phone' Comes with a 13MP Camera and Unlimited Cloud Photo  ...
b American Apparel board voted to oust founder Dov Charney as chairman
e Selena Gomez's parents completely against Justin Bieber reunion
e Kim and Kanye's wedding brunch: The toasts, pilates, diet cake and North West  ...
e Staying positive
t Three New Crew Members En Route to Space Station
b Time Warner is on Rupert Murdoch's Wish List
e Batman V Superman: Dawn of Justice's Gal Gadot Not Finished, Hasn't Filmed  ...
e Forget 'Batman vs Superman', This Is Amazon vs Yahoo! vs Netflix
e Jennifer Lopez Shocks Herself With F-Bomb on American Idol! [VIDEO]
t Google Glass Is Appearing in Some Places You Would Never Expect
b Workers Confident But Unprepared For Retirement In 2014
b Amazon posts higher-than-expected revenue, shares rise
m Tissue reconstruction using autologous engineered implants has been  ...
m Screening saves lives from colorectal cancer
e MTV Movie Awards 2014: Paul Walker Tribute
t Watch Ford spoof that much-criticized Cadillac commercial
e Justin Beiber-Selena Gomez reunite, Beiber posts racy video with Gomez (watch  ...
m Could a blood test determine a person's suicide risk?
b It's Carbon and Monoxide the Ol' Detroit Perfume
b Chances lower this year the IRS will audit
e US Airways Explains How That Plane-In-A-Vagina Photo Happened
e Seinfeld's Wayne Knight Lives! 10 More Celebrity Death Hoaxes
e See the Newest 'Hunger Games: Mockingjay' Trailer
e 'Dancing With the Stars' TV Recap: Who Danced It Best?
e ENTERTAINMENT: 'Homeland' actor James Rebhorn dead at 65
b S&P 500 closes above 1900 points for first time after strong housing data
t 2nd Eaglet Hatches In Hays' Nest
t FCC Chairman to Revise Proposal for New Broadband Rules After Backlash
m 2-year-old amputee yells 'I got it' while learning to walk
b IMF Chief Lagarde Under Investigation In French Fraud Case
e Rihanna At MTV Movie Awards: Sexy Spirals Curls In Her Hair
e TV: First Trailer for Final Season of 'The Killing'
m Breast cancer awareness: Fact vs myth
b Nokia names Rajeev Suri as CEO
e Beyonce, Jay Z to co-headline summer tour starting in Miami in June
b Bill Ackman's Takeover Target Is Now Suing Him For Alleged Insider Trading
e First Picture from Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's $11 Million Florence Wedding
e It's a Thriller: New Michael Jackson Songs Coming in May on Posthumous LP  ...
b Philip Morris Seeks Review Of EU's Tobacco Products Directive
b U.S. economy in first quarter shrank a steep 2.9 pct.
e Kristen Stewart, Anne Hathaway, Brie Larson don drag for music video
e 'Mr. Peabody & Sherman' Lead Weekend Box Office
e Kendall Jenner Went From Met Gala Sophistication To Pure, Red Hot SEX For  ...
t Why did Microsoft show no PC games at E3?
b GM Brings Back Tony Cervone As Comms Head
b Florida Jobless Rate Holds Steady
e Mick Jagger becomes a great grandad
b Chinese ships ram Vietnamese vessels trying to stop oil rig in disputed waters
b Construction Worker Killed in Bridge Collapse Identified
b UPDATE 1-Chrysler posts 1st-qtr loss, begins shipping 200 midsize
m Low-Dose Aspirin could prevent Pancreatic Cancer
t We hate Facebook for reminding us it's so powerful
t Lenovo Unveils its First Two Consumer-Focused Chromebooks: N20 and N20p
e Miranda Kerr is ready for spring in sweet figure-hugging floral midi on New York  ...
b Politics, Rather Than Economics, May Move Markets This Week
b Scientists focus on a faint sound in latest effort to find missing MH370
e Avengers 2 Spoilers: Are 'Inhumans' the New Villains in 'Avengers: Age of Ultron'?
e 'An enormous loss:' Alice Cooper, Saginaw musicians among those  ...
b Missing Malaysian Airlines flight MH370: British sailor 'saw plane on fire with  ...
b Almost 4% of world's population is on Twitter
b Shanghai court seizes Japanese ore carrier in second world war reparations  ...
e Mila Kunis Is Reportedly Expecting Her First Child
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Prime vs HTC One M8 Prime: Which smartphone is better?
t Facebook Introduces FB Newswire For Journalists
e SMS staff take on ALS Challenge
t Amazon Rumored To Be Prepping Smartphone For September Launch
b Philippines, US hold drills in South China Sea
m Woman in a coma gives birth to healthy baby boy
t Facebook introduces Shazam-like feature for music, TV
e Jada Pinkett Smith Defends Willow's Controversial Photo … Again!
b Pilot of missing Malaysia Airlines flight considered suspect
e La Toya & Jermaine Jackson Comment On The 5th Anniversary Of Their Brother  ...
e Columbus Short Arrested For Bar Fight (Again) On Fourth Of July
t Facebook making changes to advertising
e News Analysis for the Investor on June 16, 2014
t Apple to dole out more cash to shareholders
b UPDATE 4-Brent up near $113 on supply worries as Iraq violence rises
t Tesla says it plans to have Model X Alpha prototypes by next week
e Watch Tom Hanks Dance For Justin Bieber While Dressed As A Rabbi
t Move over Morpheus: Microsoft reportedly developing Xbox VR headset
t Apollo astronaut Buzz Aldrin, who walked on the moon, wants the US to head for  ...
b Smith & Wesson Holding Corp Lowered to Neutral at Dougherty & Co (SWHC)
e From 'Game of Thrones' to 'Justice League'? Jason Momoa tapped for Aquaman
b Supreme Court mostly upholds Obama bid to curb carbon emissions
m Surgeons Are About to Start Human Trials for Suspended Animation
m Scientists create world's first vagina in lab using patients' tissues
t Honda, Nissan, Mazda issue air bag-related recalls
t Next-gen Mercedes-Benz GLK due September 2015; all-new E-Class in March  ...
e Robert Pattinson Still In Contact With Kristen Stewart – Reveals Twilight Feelings  ...
t Gas huffing spiders prompt recall on Mazda 6 for second time
t Google's Nest buys Dropcam for £325m to add security cameras to its smart  ...
e 'Dancing with the Stars' returns: 5 new things you'll see
b HTC One (M8) Dual-SIM Model Launched in Select Markets; Price, Availability  ...
e TV and Movie Characters React To Purple Wedding
t Chevrolet Camaro Recalled Over key Problems
e Kimye plan civil wedding ceremony
b How to get your business on page one of Google - today
e Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez Instagram, Twitter, and TMZ Video: Couple  ...
t Burger King Baby Finally Meets Biological Mom After Facebook Search
t Comcast makes its case for taking over Time Warner Cable, stresses benefits in  ...
e Selena Gomez's Neighbors Call the Cops Over Loud Party
e VIDEO: New Trailer for TAMMY, Starring Melissa McCarthy; Hits Theaters  ...
m Mothers may pass fears to infants through smell
e #ICYMI Justin Bieber's Racist Joke, What Happened?
e Rapper faces pot charges in El Paso
t T-Mobile's Un-carrier 5.0 move rumored to bring all-inclusive plan pricing
t Free data? 3D? Amazon's big smartphone reveal slated for Wednesday
e ABC 'The Bachelorette' 2014: Sister of Late Contestant Eric Hill Shares His Andi  ...
b Candy Crush developer looks to crush it with IPO price range
m CDC aids in testing of Horseshoe Lake
e Game of Thrones Season 4 - Episode 6 "The Laws of Gods and Men" Review
b Slower US healthcare cost rise extending life of Medicare fund- trustees
b Dollar edges lower as Yellen testimony awaited
t Nintendo demonstrates Wii U GamePad quick start menu
b US should challenge China's territorial claims
t NRC's IT network must be rebuilt after attacks from Chinese hackers: Feds 0
t First Arab probe could reach Mars by 2021
t Mozilla CEO resignation raises free-speech issues
e Kim Kardashian posts sexy selfie in teeny tiny bikini
m Sebelius: Work at HHS is the 'cause of my life'
t Japan to defy UN court and continue whaling
t Something 'very wrong' in GM processes, chief says
t Sprint T-Mobile Merger Is A Question Of When, Not If
b Dollar steadies after hitting lows, awaits Yellen and ADP data
b Reports Claim China Has Blocked Access to Flickr Amidst Pro-Democracy Protests
m iPad, other devices may cause rash
b Cargill to Close Wisconsin Plant as Cattle Supply Shrinks
e US Airways Caught With Its Pants Down
m Study: Girls Being Called Fat May Result in Obesity
e George Clooney engaged to UK attorney, firm says
e 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' trailer: Michael Bay's TMNT look shell-shockingly  ...
e Rihanna deletes Instagram
e VIDEO: Jimmy Kimmel, Shonda Rhimes Break Down SCANDAL Bloopers on  ...
b Valeant CEO breaks the mold in building drug empire
e Lana Del Rey Is One Of Kanye West's Favorite Artists
t Full lunar eclipse delights Americas with clear skies, 1st of 4 in 2014-15 in rare  ...
b Some small businesses accepting Bitcoin
m Young Blood Boosts Brains of Old Mice
b Dotcom's Mega seeks $210 mln backdoor listing on NZX via TRS Investments
e Lindsay Lohan says miscarriage prompted 'Lindsay' break
e Johnny Depp flashes engagement bling | DailyDish
e Kim Gave Kanye A Boardgame For His Birthday
b Analysis: Obama Not Alone in Having Doubts About Russia Sanctions
e Lucas Selects Chicago for New Museum
t Virgin space tour liftoff nears
e Seattle police release 35 new photos from Kurt Cobain's death scene
e Neve Campbell Makes Surprise Appearance in Mad Men Premiere: See Her  ...
t PR Newswire
t Building international climate change ambition
e Director Edgar Wright quits Ant-Man movie
t Simband: Samsung's vision for wearable health devices
m CDC 'angry' over anthrax issues
e Lady Gaga Makes A Splash In Several Out-There Outfits
e Peaches Geldof, Rock Icon's Daughter, Dead at 25
t Android L Hands-on Review: Has Google Done Enough To Beat Apple's iOS 8?
t MacRumors: Apple Explores Auto-Adjusting Security and Other Settings Based  ...
t Apple Inc. Investors Should Keep Their Eyes On The Ball
e Game of Thrones Season 4, Episode 6 Promo: "The Laws of Gods and Men"
e Hilary Duff's 'Chasing The Sun' released on Vevo
e Kristen Stewart not expected to return for 'Snow White and the Huntsman 2'
e Perth teenager jams with a Rolling Stone
e Amy Purdy & Derek Hough Move Us To Tears with Contemporary Dance on  ...
t Now Gmail Encrypts Every Email. Other Services Should, Too.
t Cargo Spacecraft Arrives at International Space Station: NASA TV Broadcasts  ...
m Watching TV for over 3 hours daily 'could increase risk of early death'
b Domestic Oil Drops As Supply Deemed Strong
e Adam Levine Reveals All-New 'Apocalypse Prep' Look!
e Hooray for Marissa, Yahoo Online Gives a 'Community' a Second Chance
t Editorial: Ho-hum. Climate change is bad and getting worse
e Local pastor enjoys life at Bible Baptist Church, Richland County
b Gold Fundamental Analysis July 30, 2014 Forecast
t Oakland Tribune editorial: GM execs must answer some tough questions
t China capping carbon emissions from 2016
e Solange Knowles makes red carpet return after elevator fight
e Around the Remote: Jack's Back For 12-Hour '24' Return
e Spokane native and ex-NFL player talks about living with ALS, impact of 'Ice  ...
m Judge orders Connecticut teen be returned to her family
b Europe midday: Stocks mixed as investors weigh Eurozone data
e The Bachelorette: Andi Dorfman gives final rose, Nick makes shock reveal
e Rapper Rick Ross arrested on warrant in North Carolina
b MtGox Website Back Up-and-Running to Check Balances, Verify Digital Wallets
e Who Went Home On Dancing with the Stars 2014 Last Night? Week 7
b Posted by Parvez Jabri
b US factory output rebounded in May, latest evidence that manufacturing is  ...
t LG G3 specs leaked: 5.5-inch screen and 13 megapixel camera
e How Chris Pratt's Premature Son Restored His Faith in God
m Landmark Alzheimer's Study Pinpoints Protein That Protects Aging Brain
t Honda looks to Asimo robot for autonomous car advantage
e Update: Star Wars actor Harrison Ford taken to John Radcliffe hospital after  ...
t 7 things you need to know about Mac OS X Yosemite
b American Airlines, US Airways Merger Means New Policies, More Baggage Fees
e Angelina Jolie Says Maleficent Was A 'Very Fun' Character To Play
e W Hotels pitch $3000 'Social Media Wedding Concierge' service
e N Korea slams US over Kim Jong-un comedy film, to take decisive and harsh  ...
e How Frankie Knuckles Saved Dance Music From the Disco Demolition Darkness
e Twitter post causes racial backlash
b Cookie crumbles for Oklahoma City-based investors in Crumbs Bake Shop
e Remembering Michael Jackson – The King Of Pop
t Gas prices rise about 2 cents
b Alibaba IPO Could Be Largest
t Is the New Samsung Galaxy S an iPad Killer?
e Game of Thrones : Another memorable wedding day in Westeros as Joffrey and  ...
b ARCP to Grab Red Lobster RE in $1.5B Sale-Leaseback
e 'Star Wars' creator selects Chicago for
b US STOCKS-Wall St retreats as cyclicals weigh; small-caps sag
e Video: Naomi Campbell Laughs Off Kim Kardashian & Kanye West's Vogue Cover
b GM profit plunges 88% after recall costs; core outlook on target
b Overnight Markets: Nasdaq plunges 3% on tech selloff
b Washington homeowners to receive $3 million under SunTrust settlement of  ...
e Chris Martin shows quick wit serving as guest mentor on The Voice
e Amanda Holden: Simon Cowell will get married
b NH unemployment rate drops to 4.7 percent
m On the verge of murdering your partner? Stop and check your sugar level, study  ...
e Possible signals from lost jet's black boxes heard
t Motorola Xplay back from the dead? Phablet tipped for later this year
e Meryl Davis, Maksim Chmerkovskiy dance in Times Square on 'Good Morning  ...
t Why Oculus Innovative Sciences (OCLS) Stock Is Up Today
t Bumper Apple package brings devices closer than ever
e Robin Thicke - Robin Thicke: 'I Called New Album Paula Because It Is About  ...
t NASA Mars Bound Flying Saucer Success Meets Bad Chute (Video)
b New Greek bond says more about Germany than Greece
t The Future of Humanity Awaits in Deep Space, NASA Chief Says
e Kate Winslet shows off her post-baby figure in tight jeans ahead of Hollywood  ...
t Will Microsoft (MSFT) Stock Be Affected By Surface Pro 3 Rumors?
e The Worst Dressed List Of The 2014 Met Gala Has All Your Favorite Fashion  ...
m 467 dead as Ebola epidemic sweeps West Africa's Guinea, Liberia and Sierra  ...
e 'True Blood' series finale recap: Who did Sookie end up with?
e Brandy Ends Her Engagement to Music Executive Ryan Press
e Relax, Glee fans: Chris Colfer is not leaving the show
b The saga of Demoulas' Market Basket
e Coachella 2014 showed off some new looks and a noticeable lean
e 'Blended' fails to produce smooth concoction
t Buzz Aldrin on Reddit AMA: Desolation of moon, colonization of Mars and UFOs
e Quentin Tarantino, Uma Thurman & John Travolta Celebrate Pulp Fiction In  ...
e Peaches Geldof's Funeral Takes Place In Kent Church Where She Was Married  ...
t Did Microsoft Cross the Line in Searching Hotmail Account for Employee Theft?
e In pictures: A host of celebrities gather at the funeral of TV presenter Peaches  ...
t GM Recalls Hit Lansing Hard
b IKEA to pay American 'co-workers' actual living wages starting in 2015
e Bob Hastings of McHale's Navy Dies At Age 89
b US fast food strikers stage mass sit-in at McDonald's shareholder event
b Fed To End QE In October
t Orbiting Lab to Watch Earth Breathe
e Recording Academy Releases Statement on Passing of Maya Angelou
m Angry at your spouse? Check your blood sugar
e 'True Detective' Season Two Will Take Place in California & Is Not Yet Cast!
e Mad Men Season Premiere Disappoints in Ratings
b At midday: Pharma M&A, CP earnings boost TSX
m E-cigarette use 'most common among current smokers and potential quitters'
e Zac Efron involved in Skid Row brawl
t Safety Agency Probes Ram Pickups
t Shane on Possible WWE Return, Vince on Relationship with Shane, More
t Jury leaves damages Samsung Electronics must pay Apple Inc. unchanged at  ...
e Tina Fey dispels 'Mean Girls' sequel rumors
b The Obama coal carbon plan flies in the face of global trends
b WVU professor gets Fulbright opportunity in Norway
m US scientist stumbles on undocumented vials of deadly smallpox virus
e 'Dancing With the Stars' Season 18 premiere recap: Ballroom bonanza
e Dozens fall ill during concert in Boston
e Comic Con Trailer The Hobbit: The Battle Of The Five Armies
e Justin Bieber DEFENDS that deposition video
e One Direction Fans Shred, Burn Concert Tickets Following Smoking Weed Video
b Futures File: Market stops yellin' for gold
b Roundup: MH370 search to be privatized: Australian coordinators
e A perfect parody of modern Web design
b Egypt's government raises fuel prices by up to 78 per cent to address staggering  ...
t Barracuda Web Application Firewall Now Available in Azure Gallery as part of  ...
t SpaceX's Elon Musk claims 'progress' for Mars colony goal with reusable rockets
b Oil edges lower after big drop on expectations for Libyan supplies, lower global  ...
t Tesla Owner In China Tackles Lack Of Charging Infrastructure With Ingenuity+  ...
b GLOBAL MARKETS-Gloomy French data hits European stocks, Iraq keeps oil high
e Lea Michele Pregnant? Nope, Just Another Twitter Hack
b Medtronic to acquire Covidien in $42.9 billion deal
t Brand new meteor shower making debut Saturday
e A-List Actors Allegedly Tied To Hollywood Sex Ring – Inside 'X-Men' Director  ...
t Gas Prices Climb More
e Lionsgate Developing New Power Rangers Feature Film
t PC Magazine May Issue Now on Sale: Heartbleed Is a Gaping Hole in the Internet
b Alibaba's IPO and its journey to being the world's biggest online bazaar
t Apple Earnings Preview: Everyone's Mind Is Made Up
t Google Reveals Workforce Diversity, Says 'Not Where We Want to Be'
e Knock on Woodley? She was a 'late bloomer'
m Study using voodoo dolls finds snack might help avoid fight with spouse
t Apple to Offer iPad Air and Retina iPad Mini on Japanese Carrier NTT DOCOMO  ...
t Toyota to pay $1.2 billion to settle criminal probe, admits hiding vehicle defects
b U.S. Stocks Advance
t Why Microsoft Really Is Different This Time
e Marvel heads to space for the solid 'Guardians of the Galaxy'
b Alstom considers GE's 12.35 bln euro offer for power business
e Beyonce, Jay Z Confirm Summer Tour: A Map of Their Performances
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Drop Test; Dropped from 2nd Story
t Google in talks for $1 billion YouTube and Twitch merger
b Jobless claims fall, near postrecession low
e 'Sin City 2' News: Jessica Alba 'Getting Naked' For The Film & Using Feminism  ...
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Prime
b MH370: US law firm plans to bring suit against Boeing, Malaysia Airlines
b A Slowdown Looks Less Likely After Retail Sales Roar Through March
b Wall St flat, but tech and biotech lift Nasdaq
b ARRIS WorkAssure works with Time Warner Cable to expedite appointments
b Bizarre NYC Event Serves Homeless Steak, Reporters Propaganda
t Does climate change affect the wolverine?
e Singer Chris Brown's DC trial delayed for months - Quincy Herald-Whig | Illinois  ...
t NASA discovers Earth-sized planet that may be inhabitable
t Galaxy Note 4 to boast YOUM display
e Fox announces five new series for fall, format change for 'American Idol'
t Snowden would 'absolutely' leak again (01:39)
e 'Winter Sleep' Turkish Film Wins
e Matisse artwork collection displayed at Tate Modern
e Kiefer Sutherland & FOX Respond To Freddie Prinze, Jr. Attack: What The HELL?
t Apple Hints at Sapphire iPhone 6 With Latest Patent
e TV Review: This Week on Game of Thrones (S4 Episode 3/ April 20, 2014)
e Police dig into fatal shooting of actor's wife
t U.S. Gas Rises to $3.5572 Per Gallon in Lundberg Survey
e 'American Idol' Judges Renew Contracts
e Arrest warrant issued for singer Anita Baker after she fails to pay contractor who  ...
e Amazon 'Prime Music' launches for Prime members
e That Game of Thrones Scene Wasn't a 'Turn-On,' It Was Rape
e Miley Cyrus brings Bangerz tour to East Rutherford
t Harley-Davidson Project LiveWire electric motorcycle revealed
t Huawei releases new selfie-master Ascend P7 smartphone
e Spotify cuts subscription fee in half for college students
t Hacker hero video game Watch Dogs to be let loose
e Was Avril Lavigne's 'Hello Kitty' Video Yanked From YouTube?
t FCC must preserve net neutrality
e Young Iranians released after arrest for dancing to Pharrell's 'Happy' on  ...
e Mara Wilson Clarifies Rumored Appearance on 'Mrs. Doubtfire' Sequel Film
e Britney Spears sued by dancer over broken nose
b Murdoch looks to merge TV businesses
b Europe opens higher on record S&P 500 close
m Doctors Recommended Abortion Because He Was Disabled, Now Watch  ...
t Google 'to pay $1b to watch gamers'
e Stefanie Scott Reacts to 'Jem & The Holograms' Casting (Exclusive)
e Harrison Ford's Wife Calista Flockhart Flies To UK Following Star Wars Injury
b Walmart to let shoppers exchange used video games in US 0
e Hayden Panettiere pregnant with first child: report
e 'Glee' Season 5, Episode 12 Spoilers, '100' Songs: Brittana is Back; Plus Dianna  ...
b Severe winter holding up economy?
m Shock at discovery of new MERS cases in Saudi Arabia
t Whales the winners at International Court of Justice - Greens
e Merry Hill cinema becomes mecca for Muppet fans
m Rules mulled to cut e-cigarette use among teens
e Sinister Six Movie Will Be A Story About Redemption
t Boy and bike in collision
e Rapper Macklemore plays dress up, lands in hot water
e The Talker: 'Catching Fire' wins best movie at MTV Movie Awards
b American Apparel Dismisses CEO Dov Charney for Misconduct
b White House defends its wage gap as it focuses on equal pay for women
e 8 Signs You're Definitely Watching Something By Seth MacFarlane
t Seeing (the) Cosmos
e Best And Worst Of The 2014 BET Awards: Nicki Minaj, Usher, Chris Rock and more
b Bipartisan Leaders Agree Global Warming Action Needed
e New Red Band Trailer to 'Sex Tape'
e Sarah Michelle Gellar says she's 'canceling' Vogue subscription because of Kim  ...
b Alibaba is big in China. Just ask this shopper
t Climate report puts heat on ag
t Samsung's “Next Big Thing” Campaign Reportedly Drove Phil Schiller “Crazy”
e Jonah Hill Apologizes For Using Anti-Gay Slur
t Gas prices on the rise in SC
e Open Thread: If You Could Vanish One Celeb From The World, Whom Would It  ...
m Sponsored video: Burt's Bees' lip colour's at the trend forefront
e Lady Gaga unveils the video for GUY
t T-Mobile's CEO Went Off Last Night And Said AT&T And Verizon Are 'F**kers  ...
b Comcast, Time Warner in talks to sell 5MN subs to Charter
m CDC: High School Smoking Reaches Historic Low, but Other Risky Behaviors Rise
e Snooki and Jionni LaValle are having a girl
b Peter Richmond
e Heaven Is for Real and 8 Movies of the Afterlife
m British women under 20 'most overweight in Europe'
e AP NewsAlert
e Review: Game of Thrones
t Jepsen comments on Apple eBook settlement
b PF Chang's Confirms Credit Card Breach
t Ohio gas prices remain above national average
t Gasoline prices oscillating nationally
b How Will AbbVie (ABBV) Stock React To Merger With Shire Pharmaceuticals  ...
m Marijuana May Reduce Seizures In Epilepsy Patients
e 'The Walking Dead' Season 4 Finale Spoilers, Preview: Will Rick and Darryl  ...
e Nazi Art Hoarder Leaves Stash to Swedish Museum
t Motorola Moto X: Top 12 Value Added Must-Know Features
m Many Smokers Are Unaware Of These Tobacco Truths
b Vatican bank reports over $100 million drop in profits in 2013
b German Investor Confidence Falls For Seventh Month In July, Euro Drops
t 31/07/2014France's Illiad bids for T-Mobile US: report
e Iconic actor Mickey Rooney dies at 93; was Hollywood's top box-office draw in  ...
t Tech Tips: The time to retire Windows XP is now
t Microsoft Acknowledges Looking Inside Blogger's Hotmail Inbox And Reading  ...
e Video of Justin Bieber's racist joke recalls denial by manager Scooter Braun
b Twitter, As A Social Media Platform, Isn't Dying Just Yet
t Harley-Davidson introduces electric motorcycle (Update)
m More deaths from bad care at Veterans Affairs hospitals
e 'How I Met Your Mother' Ends Tonight, As We Find Out The Big Secret
e 5 Classic Clips of Ann B. Davis as Alice on 'The Brady Bunch'
e 'Rosemary's Baby' reborn in gory, arty miniseries
e Donald Levine, Hasbro exec who helped create GI Joe, dies
t BMW, Chrysler, Ford, Honda, Mazda, Nissan and Toyota: Airbag recall expands  ...
e Matt Lauer's Today Show Contract Extended by NBC for Multiple Years: Report
b Obama Crippled a Russian Bank with a Stroke of a Pen
b PRESS: Reynolds And Lorillard In Advanced Merger Talks - Reuters
t From next week, Google will start selling of its wearable 'Glass
e Dwayne Johnson Fights Big Beasts in 'Hercules' Trailer (VIDEO)
e Mickey Rooney Biography: Hollywood Star With a 90-Year Career is Dead at 93
e Prince George's Father's Day Polo Match
t Report Emphasizes Threat From Global Warming
t Sony enters the VR race with Project Morpheus
m Health Highlights: June 27, 2014
e In the wake of Casey Kasem's death, celebrities pay tribute on Twitter
e Twitter and Billboard Strike Deal for Social Music Charts
b Gold, silver turn higher as Ukraine tensions remain
b Elizabeth Arden Explores Options as Sales Plunge
b How US bonds could help the eurozone
e George R R Martin eyeing movie franchise on 'Game of Thrones'
m Reaction to ICD-10 Delay Mixed Ahead of Senate Vote on 'Doc Fix'
t Motorola Moto X: The Best In Its Class
m Think e-cigarettes are harmful? 37% of Irish people believe they are
t Google Inc.'s share price up, acquires dronemaker Titan Aerospace to expand its  ...
t Oculus Rift's Future Muddled By Facebook Purchase: How Will The Gaming  ...
t Legal avenues remain for Japan to hunt whales
b Ship this! FedEx tops estimates, stock up
t Iceland volcano: Powerful quakes, but no eruption
e Honorary damehood for Angelina
e Beer Pong + Air Hockey = The BEST Game Jimmy Fallon Has Ever Created  ...
b Consumer spending in May was disappointingly weak
t Vast Underground Oceans Evidenced In Rare Ringwoodite Diamond From Brazil
t Hunger warning over climate change
t Science Briefs
t Gas prices in Mass. up another 4 cents a gallon
m Stem cell progress too useful to restrict
m Buzz Stocks: Facebook Inc (FB), General Motors Company, Sony Corp (ADR  ...
b HealthCare.gov website falters on signup deadline day
e Avengers 2: Here's Quicksilver, Scarlet Witch & Hulkbuster Iron Man!
b What Heirs Need to Know About Reverse Mortgages
t Samsung users first to experience SKY's Android App SKY GO
t Heartbleed Bug Puts Servers and Personal Information At Risk
m VIRAL VIDEO: Student with Down Syndrome reads college acceptance letter
b Euro Climbs After Eurozone Inflation Data
t eBay asks users to change passwords
e Batman prequel out to save Fox's 2014-15 schedule
t Google Teams Up With Swiss Firm To Develop Smart Contact Lens For  ...
e The Best Musical Guest Stars on 'How I Met Your Mother'
b VIDEO: China Evacuates 3000 Citizens From Vietnam Amid Protests
e JK Rowling Released A New Harry Potter Story Overnight
b Slow mortgage market drags JPMorgan Chase Q1 earnings down 18.5%
b Business update: $1 trillion student loan debt widens US wealth gap
e VIDEO Woah! Lindsay Lohan confirms her leaked sex list is legit
m It's Skin Cancer Awareness Month! 5 Ways to Protect Your Skin
t Microsoft Boss Doesn't Intend to Sell Xbox Division
t Samsung Galaxy F - Samsung Galaxy S5 Deluxe Version - Can We Afford One?
t Fed to Scrap Plans to Make Wolverine Protected
b Target CEO's Ouster Wasn't About Just the Data Breach
e Ruby Dee Passes in New Rochelle
e Kim Kardashian joined by her best girls for night out in Paris
e Rivers Rfuses to Apologize to Women Held Captive
e Melissa McCarthy Wears Leather To “Tammy” LA Premiere
t Apple's Beats Courtship Spotlights Allure of Pandora
e The Bachelorette Will Not Be Racing to Anymore Picnics in an Iowa Cornfield!
e James Franco's Of Mice and Men grips critics
t Godzilla Returns to the Big Screen
t Sprint to pay $7.5 mln in record US settlement for unwanted calls
e Angela Bassett to direct a TV movie about the life of Whitney Houston
m Labor Department cuts levels of allowable coal dust
e Monty Python Members Talk Reunion Shows, Louis CK, Scottish Independence
m Autism in Kids Jumps 30%
e Kanye West compares having his picture taken to RAPE in shocking sick on  ...
e A loud explosion of CGI in 'Transformers:Age of Extinction'
t The new IPCC climate change report makes it official: We are flirting with self  ...
t Over 3 million vehicles hit by GM's latest recalls
t Nintendo loses another $97M despite increasing Wii U sales
m Tainted beef linked to E. coli outbreak
t Comet Closing In On Mars Will Avoid Collision, But NASA Still Worries About Its  ...
e Coachella 2014: A bus ride to the festival with AlunaGeorge
b US open: Stocks little changed after non-farm payrolls report
e It's confirmed, Johnny Depp is engaged to Amber Heard
t Cosmic bling: Earth-sized diamond found in space
m Study Identifies Certain Factors that Predict Baby's Size at Birth
e Kim Kardashian Invited Kate Middleton to Her Wedding, Kim's Wedding Gown  ...
m Durham Regional councillors worried about MERS
b Amazon's Fire Phone Handset Has Arrived
b Fatal crash halts Amtrak morning service in Boston - WFSB 3 Connecticut
t Tesco smartphone launching this year
t Google Glass is going to look a lot more stylish
b Boeing to blame for Asiana crash in S.F.?
e Diagon Allen Opens at Universal Today; Here Are Some Tips
b CURRENCIES: Dollar Up Vs. Yen After Industrial Production
b Asian stocks slip as yen holds gains before BOJ; oil climbs
t LATEST: Brixham man arrested in worldwide FBI investigation linked to naked  ...
e 'Sabotage': Action, more action, and yet more preposterous action
b 'Most expensive divorce in history' - Russian oligarch faces $5 billion divorce
t Comcast Plans $2.5 Billion More in Stock Buybacks
e Kapahi couple opens their home for Passover dinner
m Unneeded Cancer Care Is Rare, Study Finds
t Sprint posts surprise 2Q profit as costs fall
e X-Men: Days of Future Past - Watch the New Trailer Here
b Crumbs Collapses: Cupcake Chain Shuts Down All Locations
e True Blood: I Found You Review
e Joel McHale Is Scared Of Ghosts
e X-Men director Bryan Singer accused of drugging and sexually assaulting a  ...
e Kim Kardashian And Stepbrother Brandon Jenner Once Kissed, Reveals Brody  ...
e Bears Review
b San Francisco: MonkeyParking app ordered to stop parking spot auctions
b REVIEW: Russian Economy Weathers Second Wave of US Sanctions
t Google's bid to drop Street View privacy case...
t EPIC Fail: Facebook Study Provokes Formal Complaint from Privacy Group
e Sherri Shepherd, Jenny McCarthy Address "The View" Departures
e 'All My Children's Matthew Cowles Dies at 69
t NASA says weird lights photographed on Mars are not a sign of life
e Elisabeth Moss on 'Mad Men,' Peggy and the End
e O'Donnell's 'seven-figure View deal'
e Depp top choice for Transcendence
e “Glee” Overnight Ratings Barely Rise for 100th Episode
b Google jumps; Shire says 'I Do' to AbbVie; FedEx drug probe
e Review: 'Game of Thrones' - 'Breaker of Chains'
b State unemployment rate falls to 6.4%
e Boston rap star Benzino shot during funeral procession
b China c.bank tells banks to quicken mortgage lending-sources
b Euro flat against dollar ahead of ECB meeting
e Wow! Khloe and Kim Kardashian can't handle 'gorgeous' Kendall Jenner after  ...
m Mind Your Health: May is Mental Health Awareness Month
e Justin Bieber's Plea Deal Saves Him From Jail Time! Find Out What He Had To  ...
b Comp sales down at Best Buy
e Video: Stranded Vegas flier remakes Celine Dion video
e Guardian Sought for Paul Walker's Daughter
e 5 roles that led Chris Pratt to 'Guardians of the Galaxy' stardom
e 10 Things to Know for Tuesday
b Euro (EUR) Exchange Rate Struggles Amid Negative Results for Purchasing  ...
e Khloe Kardashian Celebrates 30th Birthday With French Montana!
b 3D Systems -2.9% after Q1 report, guidance reiteration; Stratasys -1.7%
e Pretty Little Liars Season 5, Episode 6 Spoilers: Where to Watch Online, Live  ...
b European Central Bank chief Draghi holds door open to loosening policy at next  ...
e 'Star Wars, Episode VII' director offers fans a chance to be part of the movie
t Apple's Beats: Maturity or Mistake?
b Pilgrim's Pride offers to buy Hillshire Brands for $5.58 billion
e Harrison Ford breaks his ankle on Star Wars set
t UPDATE 1-Spacewalkers replace failed computer outside space station
t ?Test Android L Apps, Wallpapers, and More on Non-Nexus Devices
e Kim and Kanye Wedding Photos!
e J.K. Rowling to produce 'Casual Vacancy' miniseries
m Moderate exercise key for heart health
e This Sensual R&B Version of the DuckTales Theme Song Will Be Your Favorite  ...
t At A Glance What an Iliad, T-Mobile Deal Might Mean for You
e Music Legend Glen Campbell Moved To Alzheimer's Care Facility
e 'The Colbert Report's' Twitter Account Sends Offensive Tweet, Fans Call For  ...
m No Haj travel curbs over Mers: World Health Organisation
t Apple Considers Full Health and Fitness Services Platform Modeled on App Store?
b Pfizer Considers Options After AstraZeneca Snubs Offer
e MTV Video Music Awards 2014
t Microsoft 'Under Investigation' In China
e Watch The Surreal First Clip From Ryan Gosling's Directorial Debut Lost River
e Critics slam Gosling film at Cannes
t Newly-Discovered Dinosaur Resembled 500LB Chicken
m Minnesota Becomes First State To Ban Antibacterial Chemical Triclosan From  ...
e Cory Monteith's Mom Thinks 'Glee' Star Was 'Easing Himself Out' of Hollywood  ...
b Alcoa Inc Buys Firth Rixson Limited For $2.85B
e Christina Ricci is pregnant with her first baby!
e Trailer of the Day: Gotham
t Xbox One April update adds friends notifications, more
e HGTV cancels reality series starring anti-gay twins David and Jason Benham
t This soft robot fish swims like the real deal
t Summer relief in sight at gas pumps
e Jenny McCarthy Flaunts Giant Yellow Sapphire Engagement Ring while Getting  ...
e Metropolitan Opera in late union talks to avoid lockout
b Posted by Parvez Jabri
t United To Launch Personal In-Flight Entertainment For iOS Devices Next Month
t Apple to replace faulty iPhone 5 batteries
b US STOCKS-Wall St dips after GDP data, Citigroup shares tumble
e The Internet Reacts To The How I Met Your Mother Finale & They Are NOT Kind  ...
b Fukushima fishermen approve plan to release groundwater from plant
e Justin Bieber Offends Asia
e Game Hunting Cheerleader Hits Back at Haters: 'Economics Provides the Answer!'
e Young Jeezy arrested after shooting
m Whooping cough cases spreading across state
b Deschutes County growth rate paces Oregon
b Many uninsured Americans plan to stay that way
e Wu-Tang Clan Rapper Missing Penis After Suicide Attempt
t Intel Backs Cloudera for Apache Hadoop Data Management
e Comedian John Pinette Dies Of Natural Causes, Aged 50
t Galaxy Note 3 international update brings Download Booster, Kids Mode, and  ...
t Last minute Google I/O 2014 keynote predictions
t LG one of the few making money from TVs as profits triple
e The Shield Star Michael Jace Pleads Not Guilty to Murder
b ADM Buys Wild Flavors for $3.1 Billion in Its Biggest Acquisition
t T-Mobile Is Killing Overages On All Plans Starting This June
b 9 Gripes From a Leading High-Frequency Trader About Michael Lewis's 'One  ...
b Fed up? Yellen facing challenges from within
t NASA finds most Earth-like planet so far
t Elon Musk Cites 'Terminator' As A Reason To “Keep An Eye On” Artificial  ...
b China unveils landmark urbanization plan
e First Official Jurassic World Set Pics Emerge & Bryce Dallas Howard Is Looking  ...
m Christie Resorts to E-Cigarette Tax to Plug $807 Million Deficit
e George Clooney's ex-girlfriend Stacy Keibler marries in Mexico
t Low-Cost Apple iMac Signals Change From Jobs' Vision, Cook's Strategy Clear
e Bill Murray crashes bachelor party, advises engaged couples to skip the  ...
b Now, French images show possible debris of missing jetliner
m New blood test signals breakthrough in ongoing search for Alzheimer's cure
m Medical marijuana does ease multiple sclerosis symptoms
e Beyonce & Jay Z Release Star-Studded Mock Trailer For 'On The Run' Tour
m Britain facing major shortage of sperm donors - and some banks may be letting  ...
b Jon Bruning endorsed by Nebraska police group
t WATCH: Conan O'Brien plays 'Watch Dogs' on 'Clueless Gamer,' reveals new  ...
t Consumer Goods Most Active: Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), Tesla Motors  ...
m The medical files of Michael Schumacher have been stolen
e Cleveland chef Jonathon Sawyer named a finalist for 2014 James Beard Award
b It's A Global Market Rally
e Andi Dorfman Reveals Josh Murray's Romantic Gesture We Didn't See on TV!
t Google eyes $1bn YouTube buy-out of Twitch
t Android-Powered Nokia X2 By Microsoft Is Not A Windows Phone Competitor
e Miley Cyrus Fan Sneaks Into Her Dressing Room, Is Arrested After Bragging on  ...
t Huge femur in Argentina could be biggest dinosaur yet found
t Lifting Net neutrality rules can't promise long-term carrier climate
t Stocks reach for new highs ... 1.9M infant seats recalled ... Highway fund in need  ...
b Travel Insured Provides Tips for a Busier Memorial Day Travel Season 2014
e The first lady's office says she'll appear on the May 7 episode of the ABC country  ...
b External: Global Vision Bunkers BV
e Despite Ratings Woes, Controversy, Matt Lauer Gets Multiyear Contract Extension
t Al Franken Attacks Comcast Merger Deal
e Lea Michele Posts Cory Monteith Photo on His Birthday: He Had the "Most  ...
b IMM Positioning: Investors Unwind Net JPY Shorts‏
t Heartbleed bug can expose private server encryption keys
m Moderate Physical Activity Could Help Older Adults Maintain Mobility
m US Health Care System Ranked Last Again
e UK Game Charts: The Amazing Spider-Man 2 Debuts on Top, Child of Light at  ...
t Google Glass And The NBA: A Slam Dunk Or An Airball?
e “Weird Al” shares “Word Crimes,” an inventive parody of Robin Thicke's “Blurred  ...
b Amazon offers employees $5000 to quit - NBC-2.com WBBH News for Fort  ...
e The Best and Worst Looks At the CFDA Awards
e Vermonter To Be Honored At New York's Gay Pride Parade
m Ebola: profile of a prolific killer
t FreedomPop now supports iPhone 4/5 on its free wireless plans, launches iOS  ...
t Tree rings provide details about mysterious World Trade Center ship's origins
b 3 Latin America ETFs Doing the Samba This World Cup
b Newspaper reporter's job is the second worst in US: Study
m Jim Kelly's chemotherapy treatment postponed; get well card makes stops  ...
e 'Captain America' sequel smoothly engineered to please
e STAR WARS: A Sequel To The People Vs. George Lucas Documentary Is On  ...
m Marriage is good for you
e Muppets Most Wanted: Lively, comic caper
b IMF chief faces investigation in corruption case
b Herbalife lifts 2014 earnings outlook; cuts dividend
e New York Mayor Sings 'I Love LA'
b Judge won't order GM recall cars to be parked
t AT&T bet on video with $48.5bn DirecTV bid
b FedEx charged with assisting illegal online pharmacies; may lose $820M
e Jesus is alive
t Qualcomm Advances WiGig With Wilocity Buy
m Painkillers Prescribed Too Frequently, CDC Reports
e Superman Unchained #7 Review
e Celebrities take to Twitter to sound off on the Juan Pablo drama
e Idina Menzel's Let It Go Remixed Is A Gay Club's Dream Anthem! Listen To The  ...
e Marvel gets loopy
b King Raises $500 Million in 'Candy Crush' Maker's US Offering
e Rio 2 features feather-flying jungle fun: review
m Health department warns about Lyme disease
t Xbox One 'Needs Simultaneous Launch' to be Successful in Japan
b Draghi: ECB Has a Close Eye on Euro Exchange Rate
m Health officials in Iowa, Nebraska track development of mosquitoes brought on  ...
t Wondering Where Samsung's 64-Bit Phone Is? D-RAM and Android Might be to  ...
e Jagger and family remember L'Wren Scott at LA funeral
b CR Readers Aren't Loving McDonald's, Say 'No Mas' to Taco Bell
e What Makes Jesus' Blood The Most Powerful Force In All The Universe?
e Sandra caught stalker outside bedroom
e The Newest Winds Of Winter Chapter Is Here And It's Messed Up
e 'Sons of Guns' series canceled after actor charged with aggravat - WFSB 3  ...
b Walt Disney climbs after deal; Himax sinks
t Microsoft set to cut 18000 jobs
e Conan O'Brien promises nudity, fire at this year's MTV Movie Awards
t Dr. Dre May Become A Billionaire
e 'The Voice' Recap: Teams Even Out on Blind Auditions Night 5
b Gold Outlook for Q3 - Don't Trust the Rise in Gold Prices, GLD
e Mayor de Blasio gears up to make good on Stanley Cup bet with LA
b All big US banks but one pass Fed's stress test
t Flappy Bird creator is 'good now', working on new games
b King Digital Investors Not Sweet On 'Candy Crush' IPO
b 2 women survive ordeal along Indiana rail bridge
t Amazon event in Seattle
e Merseyside photographer takes official wedding pictures of Kanye West and Kim  ...
b Dating website Zoosk files for IPO
m Resveratrol, found in red wine and chocolate not so good after all
b Facebook Inc (FB) Acquires Online Video Advertising Platform LiveRail
e Bob Dylan's 'Like a Rolling Stone' could bring $2 million at auction
t Apple to pay $400 million to settle e-book price-fixing case unless company  ...
t Tweetdeck Taken Down After Getting Hacked [Updated]
b High cost of limes putting squeeze on airlines
t New Facebook App For iPhone and Android Systems to Tell You Where Your  ...
e Cyrus to play at Summertime Ball
e On Behalf Of This High Schooler, Bryan Cranston Makes This Girl An Offer She  ...
m FDA Proposes New Regulations on E-Cigarettes
m Baylor University Medical Center makes 'Best Hospitals' list
b Nick Remillard Earns NAR, National Association of REALTORS, SFR
t Facebook to Pull Messaging Feature from Main App, Wants You to Use  ...
e Robert Downey Jr's son arrested for cocaine possession after car is pulled over  ...
e Box Office Report
t Energy companies hit by cyberattack from Russia-linked group
b Oracle reverses decline in hardware revenue during Q3
e Del Rey single again
e Dignity of new 9/11 Memorial & Museum ought to be priceless
t ZeniMax Media sues Oculus VR over misappropriation of intellectual property
e Pastor's Corner: The collateral blessing of Easter
b Michaels arts and crafts stores confirms it was hit by security breach
e Mom's Night Out a family values comedy that falls flat: review
b SingPost gets S$312.5m parcel from Alibaba
t Ancient Shipwreck Carrying Treasure Trove Discovered Off Coast Of Malta
b Pfizer walks away from $118 billion AstraZeneca takeover fight
e Chris Evans clears up comments about retiring from acting
t Is Apple's iWatch Going to Be Swiss Made?
e TV RECAP: 'Game of Thrones' Season Finale Hosts Unexpected Visitors
b Barclays Fined £26m Over Gold Price Fixing
e GAME OF THRONES 4.10 'The Children' Recap
b S&P 500, Dow Climb to Records on Tech Rally; Copper Gains
e Holiday Weekend Box Office: X-Men Days of Future Past Takes Top Spot
b Rich nations propelling global growth, but risks linger: IMF
m West Africa Ebola death toll rises above 140: WHO
e To make a hit, you've got to get personal, says Pharrell Williams
b Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) On Track to Ship 40M Tablet SOC's in 2014
b Markets Quiet Ahead Of USDA Reports
t The Car Without A Steering Wheel
e Watch James Franco's Inappropriate Flirtation With a Young Emma Roberts in  ...
b Twitter Inc (TWTR): No Long-Term Potential Here
m This Study Could Be A Major Step In Reversing The Effects Of Aging
e INT'L BOX OFFICE: Fan-Tastic 'X-Men' Bows …
e Jeffco coroner's officials release new details in railway death of 'Survivor  ...
e Charlie Sheen calls Rihanna 'the village idiot' for not saying hi to his girlfriend  ...
e New Trailer Heralds The Dawn Of The Planet Of The Apes
b Wall Street edges higher at open; Iraq curbs gains
e Robert De Niro, Robert Pattinson in heist thriller
e The Voice USA 2014 Recap - Battle Rounds Results, Tonight's Eliminations, Steals
m Brain scans can spot potential for coma recovery
e At ground zero, 9/11 museum dedicated with somber memories, tears
e X-Men: Days Of Future Past – Trailer #2
e Jolie/Pitt's 5-year-old Daughter Gets First Acting Role - CRIENGLISH.com
e Tracy Morgan upgrade to fair condition after crash
t Quest for extraterrestrial life not over: experts
b Retail inflation rises to 8.31% in March
b HealthCare.gov Open Enrollment is Over, But You Still Might Be Able to Get  ...
t Apple to start production for larger screen iPhone next month
m 29th Annual AIDS Walk & Run to Take Place June 1
e HBO content heading to Amazon Prime Instant Video
b Study: Only 11 percent of longtime jobless find full-time work
e Goran Visnijc stars with Halle Berry in new CBS Sci-Fi Series "Extant"
t Honda recalls nearly 900K minivans
e It's Barbara Walters's Turn to Cry
b Oil Futures above $107 on Iraq Fighting
b 10 Utilities Accounted for 82 Percent of All Integrated Solar Capacity in 2013
e Kim Kardashian Slams Deceptive Tabloid Photos
b Business Wire
t US Air Force research group tests Google Glass at military base in Ohio
e Is Lena Dunham Quitting Acting?
b Housing market: Cash is king in South Florida
t Microsoft to cut 18000 jobs over next year, largest layoffs in company history  ...
t Canadians can view total lunar eclipse this week
b Oil price set to spike as Iraq burns
t Democrats hope to push FCC to ban fast lanes online
b GE Q1 Profit Down - Quick Facts
e 'The Bachelorette' Couples: Where Are They Now? A Look Back Before The  ...
t Office for iPad review | First Impressions
b NZ dollar strong but shares fell
b Virgin Airlines Tops List Of U.S. Airlines, Again
t US states probe eBay over cyberattack
b Durable goods orders basically at a standstill
t Recalls raise questions about ignition switches
e Justin Bieber & Selena Gomez Dirty Dancing And Kissing At Laser Tag Date  ...
t Office for iPad hits 27 million downloads despite negative App Store reviews
t Amazon smartphone likely to be AT&T exclusive
t Google to unveil Android powered set-top boxes at the Google I/O tonight: WSJ
m Tips: Avoid Potentially Deadly Mosquito And Tick Bites This Season
m Misconduct Found in Acid-Bath Stem Cell Study
t Hyundai recalls 883000 Sonata sedans in US for transmission issue
e 'The Maya Rudolph Show' to Debut on NBC
e /Treat Your Kids to a Movie @ the Historic Hi-Pointe. "How To Train Your Dragon  ...
t Want to read quicker? There's an app for that
e Katie Couric and Laurie David Are Fed Up: You Are What You Eat
t Chinese Government is buying Windows 7
b Dollar Edges Up On Strong U.S. Jobs Report
t Honda Odyessy Minivan Recall: 886815 Vehicles For Fuel Leak Fracture  ...
e Fox confirm 2014 Fall schedule: New Girl, Gotham, Utopia, Bones, Gracepoint  ...
t 10 Reasons YouTube Wants to Buy the Twitch Video Game Streamer
t VLC for Windows 8 now available in beta
e Shocking Handwritten List of 36 Men Lindsay Lohan Ever Had Sex with: From  ...
e Jared Leto Rumored to Play Marvel's Doctor Strange
t Ford recalling thousands of Escape, C-Max vehicles in North America
b FTC Lifts the Veil on Companies That Sell Your Data
b The Budget: what we know so far
b One Anecdote That Shows How Ousted CEO Dov Charney Horribly  ...
t Car industry struggles to solve air bag explosions despite mass recalls
e Eurovision 2014, Russia And Ukraine: Tensions Rise As Tolmachevy Sisters  ...
b German constitutional court to rule on legality of ESM
b Tesla Motors Inc (TLSA): Why The Stock Is Questionable
t A road map to recent recalls
e FILM REVIEW: Draft Day
e The Voice RECAP 4/21/14: Season 6 “The Live Shows Premiere”
b Demand data fail to give gold much of a boost
b Larson Heckled During Social Security Pitch to Hometown Seniors
t Surface Pro 3: Specs and Pricing
e Homeless Man Really Wanted to Stab Michael Strahan
b Stocks Drop Due to Jitters on Earnings
e Selena to return to rehab? Justin Bieber not committed to Gomez
b Kerry leaves for India
t Report: More acidic seawater poses risks for fisheries in Alaska
t Fuel prices expected to climb throughout Texas
t What happens when Tweetdeck gets hacked
e Jessica Simpson and Eric Johnson Tie Knot in California
t Android adapted for smartwatches
t Cousteau emerges from undersea lab
e The Shield actor Michael Jace pleads not guilty
b Much Noise, But Little FX Movement
e Kim Kardashian steps out in lacy LBD after buying Kanye a Monopoly set
t New BlackBerry phones to cater to keyboard aficionados: CEO
t Google is Stepping Ahead to Translate Anything – Google Buys Word Lens app
e The Walking Dead Season 5 To Include More Characters From The Comics
b Coca-Cola Readying Test New Soda (Coke Life) in Green Can in UK
b MH370: Cost rows overshadow safety response to Malaysia jet disappearance
b Amazon-Hachette Feud: No End in Sight
m Pelvic exam not needed for all women: US doctors' group
e The Bachelorette Season 10 Finale: Air Date and Time; Spoilers Indicate Winner
t Google Readies New TV Set-Top Box
t Home»News»World»Review: New Samsung tablet offers laptop-like keyboard  ...
e 'Pretty Little Liars' season 5 spoilers: Meet Mona's mom!
e Farewell To Barbara Walters
t Sprint customers in Vermont can now text 911
m Increased prenatal steroid hormone levels may be linked to autism risk
m Motorhead fan's brain bled after headbanging
e 'Sinister's Scott Derrickson To Direct …
m Surgery underway for woman disfigured by radiation treatments for cancer she  ...
e Will MJ Blige sing at Kimye's wedding?
b What is Obamacare, really?
b Divorce reportedly costs Russian $4.5B
e Flick picks: Ebert doc affirms 'Life Itself'; 'Tammy' and 'Echo' are funny and sweet  ...
e Gay pride parades across the US celebrate same-sex marriage victories, draw  ...
e Did Kim Kardashian have a wardrobe malfunction at Bonnaroo 2014?
t Minecraft creator Notch flees Zuckerberg's new virtual reality
t The Amazing Spider-Man 2′s Xbox One release postponed indefinitely [updated]
b JR Blog: Vickie's WWE Departure, Cena vs. Lesnar DVD Cover, More
e Miley Cyrus Cancels Another Concert, Blasts "F*cking LAME" Critics Who Think  ...
t Inhabiting Mars may be closer than expected
b MH370, MH17 tragedies push Malaysia Airlines to the brink of financial collapse
t Samsung 'Galaxy Alpha' rumored to feature metal body, Galaxy S5-beating specs
e Viewers Love 'Mother,' Which Helps 'Better Lives'
t Snowden: NSA leaks fueled needed debate on spying
b Investors anticipate higher Allergan bids amid Valeant's hostile takeover
e Review: 'Transformers' way too much action
m New blood test predicts risk for Alzheimer's
b Bullish GBP/USD Outlook to Gather Pace on Faster UK Inflation
b NTSB: Asiana crew confused by aircraft's technology
e Tom Cruise surprises fans at movie theater
m In a cloning first, scientists create stem cells from adults
e Michael Jackson, We Barely Knew You
e Pip Andersen And Crystal Clarke Join 'Star Wars: Episode VII' Cast
e Nobel laureate Gabrial Garcia Marquez dies at 87
b Target names Pepsi's Brian Cornell as chairman, CEO
b JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon reveals he has throat cancer
e Cheese Lovers, Take Note: GCDC Opens Friday (Photos and Menus)
e Justin Bieber in KKK outrage
t Internet Explorer users exposed to danger, Microsoft says
t Samsung Galaxy Announces Tab S
b China Likely to Become the World's Largest Economy
m Ebola: WHO Puts Toll At 1550
m Caffeine impacts teen males and females differently, a new research study finds
b After relative's death, some borrowers find they must repay student loan
e Kiss Helps Caleb Johnson Win 'American Idol'
t Samsung to launch Galaxy Alpha / S5 Prime 'full metal' smartphone in August
t Apple lulls investors into a false sense of security
e TV RECAP: Promises Kept and Alliances Revealed on 'Game of Thrones'
e Adam Richman's new food series delayed after #thinspiration rant
b Michigan Sentiment Index Fell to a Four-Month Low in March (1)
b Tim Hortons Makes Almost Three Times as Much Money as Burger King
m Driftwood Outdoors: Fear for the future
e It's OK for guys to check out 'Good Wife'
b Adobe Systems Investors Focused On Q2 Subscriber Gains ADBE
t Facebook Plans Missed Call Advertising for India
e MANVILLE: Priests will bless Easter food Saturday
e ET Canada Soundoff: Johnny Depp's Best Roles
m Running for 7 minutes a day cuts risk of death by 30 percent, study says
b Planned sale of Red Lobster irks shareholders
b Coach Inc.: Coach Reports Third Quarter Earnings of $0.68
b Target's (NYSE: TGT) Chairman & CEO Resign's
m Ebola death toll climbs to 1550, epidemic 'continues to accelerate': WHO
t Google Glass Takes A Whirlwind Tour of London in Spot for UK Launch
e the battle over Aereo: Diller vs. Moonves
b Netflix to make West Europe OTT expansion
e Jenny Lewis "Just One of the Guys" (video)
b Active Runners: Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT), Walgreen Company (NYSE:WAG  ...
b What's a right pain in the ASCII for IBM? Its own leech-like hardware biz
e Leonardo DiCaprio auctions space trip for $1M at amfAR
e All Five of Garth Brooks' Ireland Comeback Shows Canceled
t Looks like Google is planning an Android TV
m Metalheads warned: headbanging can cause brain damage
b Getting Lost Down the Rabbit Hole of Private Infrastructure
m Mangoes sold in NJ recalled for possible Listeria contamination
b Netflix to raise prices for new subscribers up to $2 a month
b Live más expensively: Taco Bell is launching a fancy new chain
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West have allegedly got married in secret, according  ...
m Watch: adorable baby goat Frostie walk with the help of a cart
b HP to Cut 16000 More Jobs
e 'Batman V Superman: Dawn of Justice' Debuts First Superman Image
b Game on! Wal-Mart gets into the video-game trade-in biz
m Big Ambitions And Flawed Technology Tripped Up State Exchanges
e American Idol 2014 Top 9 Performances [VIDEOS]
e Reports AC/DC to retire
b Health products company Herbalife faces probe Herbalife is facing an inquiry  ...
t UN: Time Is Running Out for Climate-Change Action
b Britain sells 7.8% of Lloyds bank for pound sterling4.2 bn
e Meg Ryan Will Voice the Mother in How I Met Your Dad
t Microsoft Anti-Monopoly Investigation Opened by Chinese Regulators
t Apple Expands iPhone and iPad Trade-In Program to Australia
t Facebook attempts to stem sharing fiascos, expands privacy checkup tool
b ECB Warns Investors Of More Stimulus Ahead
t Baig: The promise and pain of Windows Phone and Nokia
e Game of Thrones: "Oathkeeper" Recap
m Study Shows No Benefit from Widely Used Antioxidant in Treating Deadly Lung  ...
e Kanye West Now Headlining Philly & L.A. Made In America Festival, Iggy Azalea  ...
b Consumer spending rises 0.3% in February
m WHO faults Saudi Arabia for MERS spread
e Harry Potter returns! JK Rowling reveals boy wizard at age 34
b Snapchat reported to be in funding talks
b Pro-Russian rebels in Ukraine face anger
e Penelope Disick Has the Longest Eyelashes Ever
m The DEKA Arm System is named for the 'Star Wars' character Luke Skywalker  ...
t Biz Break: Apple and Google knocking on door of smart homes, reports say
e Kim and Kanye Enjoy Haagen Daz In Paris
e Johnny Winter Dies: Texas Blues Legend Known for Guitar Work Was 70
e People: James Franco, Joan Rivers raise eyebrows
b Alibaba announces plans for an initial public offering
e Chris Tomlin, Matthew West and Alan Jackson Win Big at the Billboard Music  ...
t Memo: Microsoft cutting up to 18000 jobs
m Comatose Mom Has Baby Boy
e Rolf Harris made me feel dirty, disgusting... even seeing him on TV made me sick
m Twins with rare 'mono mono' condition born holding hands
e EXCLUSIVE VIDEO: Director Mike Flanagan Talks 'Oculus'
m Ebola - The Facts, the Fiction
b Ukrainian oligarch vows to continue fight against separatists
b Cupcake shop Crumbs closes; 4 in Conn.
t Flash of Lights, Booms Reported
e North Korea Denounces Upcoming James Franco/Seth Rogen Film
m Now, chocolate to be used as medicine to halt heart attacks and stroke
b Extra time granted to enroll for health care, Obama administration says
e Tributes paid to pioneering house DJ Frankie Knuckles
t A Mysterious Shape Just Appeared on the Surface of Titan
m C-sections hike risk of stillbirth, finds study
e 'The Voice' Season 6 Winner 'Overwhelmed' by Victory
t Logitech Type-S Keyboard Case For Galaxy Tab S
t Internet outraged by Facebooks creepy mood experiment - FOX Carolina 21
e Lea Michele Pregnancy Tweet Shocks Fans; 'Glee' Star Not Expecting Baby Boy
b BlackBerry to shut down music and video service by July 21
e Film Review: 'Days of Future Past' Best X-Men Movie To Date
m CDC: MERS virus spread in US, but 2nd man not sick
b Aging stinks, so at least make some money from it
e Kanye and Kim to Wed in Florence– to the Dismay of Some Locals
t Tech Toys: Samsung adds cachet with new tablet
t Asus working on the cheapest Android Wear smartwatch; likely to be unveiled in  ...
e Selena Gomez's reunion with Bieber matter of concern for her family
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Pre-Orders Announced For US Carriers AT&T, T-Mobile, More
b Amazon Q1 revenues up 23pc to US$19.7bn
t Drastic Changes Reportedly Coming To Google's Gmail User Interface
b FTC Says Web Sites Should Inform Consumers About Data Brokers, Allow Opt  ...
e Stephen Colbert Reveals He Almost Took an Internship With Letterman's 'Late  ...
t Audiophiles freak out about Apple buying Beats
t Samsung Galaxy S5 vs iPhone 6 – Specifications and Pricing Compared
t No directives on climate change
t Another Apple-Samsung Battle Heads To Court
b BOJ Gov Kuroda: No Reasons for Yen to Strengthen
e Game of Thrones - 'The Lion and the Rose': Share your reactions
e Peaches Geldof Dead: Funeral On Easter Monday At Same Church Where She  ...
b Argentina debt crisis: default is imminent, says mediator
t Lights out for Earth Hour's global crowdfunding call
b Euro falls to 3-month low on German data, dollar firm
e Game of Thrones season 4, episode 5: First of His Name – Littlefinger turns out  ...
t Sick of walking into things while gawping at your iPhone? Apple has a patent  ...
e Our Top 3 Performances From Last Night's 'American Idol'
e 'How I Met Your Mother' One-Hour Finale Achieves Record Rating Figures
m Ebola Deaths Rise in Liberia
e 'American Idol' Recap: Top 10 Sing Billboard Hits By Lady Gaga, One Direction  ...
t NASA Neptune Triton: Voyager Footage of Planet's Largest Moon Updated
b S&P 500 extends gains into fifth day as investors look to earnings
m Simple blood test could help detect cancer
b Door-To-Door Mail Would Stop For Millions Under Proposed Law
e 'Transformers: Age Of Extinction'
b Twitter struggles to convince that it has potential to grow
e New Spider-man movie amazes with shocking scenes, puns
t Alien Life Discovery Could Happen Within 20 Years
b Herbalife facing FTC inquiry; shares take hit
t Virgin Mobile Offers Custom Smartphone Plans
b Alliant Techsystems, Orbital Sciences to merge aerospace, defense businesses
e Paul Walker's Penultimate Movie Reminds Us Why We'll Miss Paul Walker
e See The Amazing Spider-Man 2 post-credits scene here
t Samsung's profits dip as consumers hang up on its mobile phones
b China Q1 GDP Rises 7.4% On Year
m Fried foods may interact with genes to influence body weight, say experts
e Jackson rewarding ultimate fans with Hobbit screening
t Amazon's Bold Plan to Start a Last-Place TV Network
b Oil price: Brent retreats below $108 on UN call for ceasefire between Israel and  ...
e HBO welcomes the dragons at 'Game of Thrones' premiere
e Amazon Prime Music arrives with one million streamable songs
b Stock markets rally; Target CEO ousted; Google expanding same-day delivery  ...
e I don't have a tonne of female friends: Megan Fox
b Fed offers dual message on health of U.S. economy
e Rare Superman Comic Book Fetches $3.2 Million
e HBO makes huge Amazon Prime deal: See which shows are going online
b Lady Gaga follows through on promise to promote water conservation in CA
t 5 things to know about Microsoft's XP deadline
e SIDEBAR Empty seats at Venice pay tribute to jailed directors
e Nick Cannon Slammed As Racist For Dressing In “White Face” (Photo)
t Why killing Nokia's feature phone and Android smartphones is the right move for  ...
t Google offering Glass for limited time
e Red Carpet fashions on display at MTV awards
t Microsoft Offers 'Right to Be Forgotten' From Bing Search Results
t General Motors dealers stop Cruze sales over defective Takata airbags
b MOVES- Carlyle, JPMorgan, Marsh & McLennan, Affiliated Managers
m Guinea Confirms 61 Cases of Ebola Death since January
e VIDEO: Sneak Peek - 'The Mountain and the Viper' on Next GAME OF THRONES
e Jack White returns to number one in a big week for vinyl fans
b BNP pleads guilty in US sanctions case, to pay $8.8 billion
e Olivier awards 2014: Almeida theatre defeats West End giants
e Harry Styles Angry With Louis Tomlinson and Zayn Malik For 'Smoking Pot'
e Game of Thrones season 4: Watch new trailer
t Facebook to launch Snapchat rival 'Slingshot': Reports
e Colombia Mourns Death Of Favorite Son: Gabriel Garcia Marquez
e Justin Bieber Spotted With Selena Gomez In Texas
e Met Opera asks mediator to resolve labor gridlock
e 7 Questions With … Erin Andrews of ABC's “Dancing With The Stars”
b Target said Tuesday it has fired the president of its troubled Canadian  ...
t Steve Jobs: No TVs For Apple
t NHTSA to require rear-view cameras in vehicles by 2018
b RBI leaves rates on hold ahead of polls
b News for the Investor on June 26, 2014
e MTV Movie Awards, Game Of Thrones, Mad Men Top Nielsen Twitter Ratings
b Young Man Urinates In Portland Water Reservoir ; City Drains 38 Million Gallons  ...
e See Oprah Winfrey's Audition Video from 1983!
m Ambulance Driver Loves Voguing To Rihanna
e Fifty Shades Of Grey Debuts First Movie Footage At CinemaCon: What's The  ...
b Mike Killam Incorrectly Predicts the Future: What Should & Probably Won't  ...
e Chipotle Cups and Takeout Bags Adorned with Quality Litterature
b Stocks fall in early trade; Amazon sinks 8 percent
e Dr. Dre Shares Release Date & Promotional Photo For N.W.A. Biopic
m Ebola toll jumps to 467 in deadliest outbreak ever
t Apple wearable rumored to debut with iPhone 6 in September
m Mad at your wife? Eat a Snickers
b Burger King Proud Whopper Like Regular Whopper, But Gay
e Prince Harry and Cressida Bonas: a turning point for the couple?
e Hugh Jackman got 'lucky' to land Wolverine role
b East Asia to remain world's fastest growing region this year: World Bank
t Is this the future of VR? Facebook buys Oculus Rift for a cool $2bn
e List of winners from the 66th Emmy Awards
e Fight for your rights...to songs: Beastie Boys sue Monster Energy Co for copyright  ...
e Shakira Performs 'Empire,' Talks Son Milan's Many Talents + More on 'Jimmy  ...
b Stocks to watch
e Grammarians, rejoice: Weird Al Yankovic parodies Robin Thicke's “Blurred Lines  ...
t General Motors Company (GM) recalls almost 7 million vehicles
e Stones 'pulling together' to support Mick
t Shane McMahon Talks Possibly Returning To WWE, Vince Talks Relationship  ...
b PRECIOUS-Gold near 1-month low on concerns over US rate rises
b Eurozone April business activity nears 3-year high: Markit
b Pilot Flying J to pay $92M fine
e Mark Wahlberg a good sport at the Kids' Choice Awards
m Ebola Outbreak: 467 People Killed Throughout West African States
t US proposes downlisting arroyo toad from endangered to threatened
b The Quinaults are right: We must look out for ourselves
e Kim Kardashian puts boobs on display in low-cut pink dress: photos
e Robin Thicke to debut 'Get Her Back' about estranged wife Paula Patton at  ...
b Amended: Europe New Car Sales Rise For Sixth Month: ACEA
b IRS rules Bitcoin will be taxed as property, not as currency
e Is Led Zeppelin's Most Famous Song A Total Rip-Off?
e Beyonce, Jay Z share private wedding footage during joint tour
e Reason Jay Z, Beyonce Did Not Attend Kanye West, Kim Kardashian's Wedding  ...
b Yahoo Nominates Three New Board Members, Including Yahoo Founder David  ...
e Lost River Teaser Trailer – Matt Smith gets muscly & Iain De Caestecker watches  ...
e Paltrow's ex-boyfriend breaks silence on controversial kiss
e 'Noah' nude beach scene left Russell Crowe with stones in unwanted places
t Nokia Lumia 630 to hit UK on May 29
m Survey Ranks Muskingum County As One Of The Least Healthiest Counties In  ...
e Kim Kardashan & Kanye West Official Married!!!! Click Here to Read the Details
t GM recalls 3 million more vehicles
b Port Authority Seeks Private Money for Trade Center Tower
m CDC finds forgotten vials of smallpox
m Baby gorilla remains in critical condition
b Health insurance can now be purchased in a retail store
t For smartwatch launch, Apple said to have hired Tag Heur's watch sales head
b Missing Malaysian jetliner: Maldives islanders saw 'low flying plane'
e Kanye West calls Kim Kardashian's Vogue cover a 'dream come true'
b Lime prices significantly increase
e Super price of US$3.2m for first Superman comic book
t Ford Recalls Over 750000 Vehicles For Software, Door-handle Faults
b Google, Barnes & Noble take a page from Amazon's book with same-day delivery
b Sun Pharmaceutical to acquire Ranbaxy in $4bn deal
t Government requests for user data increased: Twitter
b IMF Sees UK Leading G-7 Economies as It Raises Growth Outlook
t HTC One Mini 2 review
e Film Review: Tammy
b Nigeria surpasses S.Africa as continent's biggest economy
e The Good Wife stars, creators on Josh Charles' exit and what happens next
e Don't Speak — Sing! Gwen Stefani Tapped for Judge's Chair on 'The Voice'
b London open: Insurers start to recover after Osborne's annuities shake-up
b How to Get the Best Mortgage Rates
m Is This The End Of Landlines?
e Churches in Katy area hosting Easter services
m US: Mangoes recalled for possible Listeria contamination
b Hong Kong shares end flat
e Bieber 'wasn't raised that way'
b Chrysler 300 SRT to meet the reaper while Jeep Grand Cherokee SRT lives on
e Sherri Shepherd and Jenny McCarthy Are Leaving The View
b Fed's Lacker: Acceleration of economic growth? Not gonna happen
e 'Game of Thrones' Season 4 Trailer 3: Secrets
m Norovirus More Common in Restaurants Than in Cruise Ships, CDC Says
b 30-Year and 15-Year Mortgage Rates Tick Up in Freddie Mac's Survey
b UK's Vodafone pays $10b for Spanish firm Ono
b How the Dow Jones industrial average fared Tuesday
e 'Castle' season 6, episode 23 airs tonight: Will there be a wedding?
m Panda: Will fake pregnancy for food
e VIDEO: Jimmy Fallon's 'Neil Young' joined by Crosby, Stills & Nash on cover of  ...
t Ubisoft Releases Watch Dogs Launch Trailer
m CDC investigates Salmonella Cotham outbreak linked to bearded dragons
m Schumi medical records offered for sale
b Stack Wars: The Facebook strikes back
e Iconic radio and TV star Casey Kasem dies
e Kim Kardashian SLAMS Bogus Wedding Reports: You're All WRONG!
e 'True Detective' is, finally, a tale of male friendship
b Microsoft results beat expectations, with $7B in earnings
e Ice Cube clarifies his critical comments about MTV's posthumous award to Paul  ...
t UAW: GM to move Cadillac SRX production to Tenn.
e Adele teases new album, 25
m Men Get Eating Disorders, Too: Males Greeted With Silence When It Comes To  ...
b Credit Suisse Settles to Pay $885 Million for Securities Law Violations
e A Minute With: Kermit and Miss Piggy bicker about lines and love
t SpaceX's Dragon on way to space station
t Nokia puts European Lumia 2520 sales on hold following potential electric  ...
m Jet-Lagged? New App May Help
t HP spends US$1bn supporting open stack
b Tim Hortons Given New C$89.00 Price Target at Desjardins (THI)
e Try And Name Every Taylor Swift BFF In This Photo
e 'Community' Cancelled
b Walmart's New Money Transfer Service: Should Banks, Western Union And  ...
e Madonna posts candid Instagram selfie showing off hairy armpit
e Lindsay Lohan Sues GTA 5 Makers Over 'Stolen Likeness'
t OK, Glass, have an NBA player dunk in my face
e Chris Brown Assault Trial Delayed Until Bodyguard's Appeal
t 7 New Wearable Payment Innovations
b Janet Yellen's talk fails to dampen sentiment on D-Street: 4 takeaways from her  ...
b Bank of America earnings tumble 43% on mortgage litigation costs
b Kraft cottage cheese recall
e San Francisco disappointed to lose bidding for Lucas museum
b Health care tab to be less than estimated, report says
m Hunger spurs greater anger in married couples: study
e Jay Z, Beyoncé Hush Divorce Rumors With a Kiss
m Medicare's highest-paid doctors defend what they get
b Investors Flock to Buy Inflation Protection
t Fully Charged: Amazon phone already stirring carrier spats, YouTube's about to  ...
m Obesity, Overweight Rates Jump Worldwide, Report Finds
t Sentencing set for man who shot at White House
e 'Guardians of the Galaxy' Shows Why We Desperately Need a Female  ...
b Pfizer CEO Faces U.K. Panel as Resistance to Bid Hardens
m Nurses Can Help Prevent Anti-Vaccination Beliefs
m Gilead Sciences: How Serious is the Pricing Problem?
t Sony Wanted PS Vita Version of Titanfall, Offered to Help Development
m Hospital Infections Still Common, but Rates of Many Are Down
e Paris Haute Couture: Karl Lagerfeld's Chanel fall 2014 couture show
e Valley-developed powdered alcohol gets federal OK
e Megan Fox Finds Ellen DeGeneres Sexy
b Obama urges immediate action on 'inversions'
m Essentia Health's Breast Cancer Program in Brainerd cited
t Softbank sees Sprint and T-Mobile merger as key for growth in US
e 'Divergent': Too much build-up, not enough payoff
e Kanye Spent 4 Days On This Wedding Pic After Annie Leibovitz Bailed
e Billboard Music Awards Live Stream — Watch The Red Carpet Online
e People We Loved At Ultra Music Festival 2014 (NSFW PHOTOS)
e Jessica Simpson followed vegan diet before wedding
m Man who discovered HIV focused on finding cure
b Korea's minimum wage to increase to about $5.50/hour
b IKEA raises its minimum wage by 17% to $10.76 US an hour
b Check Your Inbox: Amazon Might Have Just Handed You a Wad of Cash
b Inflation data today could trigger new era for ECB policy
t Another Case Between Apple-Samsung Heads to Court 3/30/14
m Study: Drinking causes 1 in 10 adult deaths
b Fed's Plosser Sees Sub-6 Percent Jobless Rate Possible by Year-End
e Hear them roar
b GISH gridders to do some heavy lifting with Pilger tornado cleanup
e 10 Happy Ways to Celebrate the International Day of Happiness
m Catching a yawn is linked to age
e Hear Michael Jackson's New Song 'Do You Know Where Your Children Are?'
e 'The Voice': Battle rounds night two
t New MLB 14 The Show PS4 trailer swings for the fences
b Sales of new homes take a hit in February
b U.S. oil fluctuates in rangebound trade ahead of supply report
b China widens currency's fluctuation against US dollar
b IRS awards bonuses to 1100 who owe back taxes - CBS 3 Springfield - WSHM
b Wal-Mart Entry Into Used Videogames Trade Threatens GameStop
b ECB mulls bolder moves to prevent low inflation
m Appeals court closes door on Bloomberg's 'soda ban'
b ECB ready to step in: Draghi
e Life After 'The Bachelor' 2014: Juan Pablo Refuses Spending Night With Nikki  ...
t Google enhances Gmail encryption
b S&P/Case-Shiller: Home Prices Dip for Third Straight Month
t Abandoned baby finds birth mum
b Report: AT&T Snags Amazon Smartphone Exclusive
m Study Finds Autism Originates During Pregnancy
t Apple iPad With 12.9-Inch Screen Makes Sense: Grobart
e VIDEO PHOTOS American Horror Story Freak Show details revealed at Paleyfest
e 'Breaking Bad,' 'Modern Family' take top Emmy honors
e Avicii hospitalised for gall bladder removal
m Death toll in Ebola outbreak in West Africa rises to 121
b US Stock Futures Suggest Weak Opening After Thursday's Rout; Day's Moves  ...
t UN climate chief urges bold steps
e Robert Downey Jr. inspires at Kids' Choice Awards
e Steve Jobs Movie Will Not Be Directed By David Fincher
t Netflix Inc.'s share price down, reaches an agreement with Verizon  ...
m FSIS Denies CSPI Petition to Declare Antibiotic-Resistant Salmonella an  ...
e Tom Cruise time travels to save the world in Edge of Tomorrow
b Tesla Cuts A Deal In Ohio It Can Live With Today, But Not Down The Road
b Whole Foods Earnings Numbers Decay - Analyst Blog
e Rick Ross news: Rapper arrested following North Carolina Super Jam Concert
b Fair Lending, Civil Rights Groups Blast Senate Housing Bill
b Google Shopping Express delivers Barnes & Noble books
e Networks Cancel 2 Shows Before They Air!
t Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg Summoned by Court - in Iran
t Search for driverless car passes milestone, says Google
t Report Claims Beats Acquisition to Bring "Culturally Aware" Managers to Apple  ...
b Hong Kong hits back at China media over democracy poll
t You'll have to smash your current phone for an early chance to buy the OnePlus  ...
b Emails go missing at the EPA
t Microsoft requires migration to Windows 8.1 Update within 5 weeks
m Life-Saving Medication Denied To A Dying 7-Year-Old Boy, And His Parents Are  ...
e Shailene Woodley Wants to Marry Anaïs Nin
e Selena Gomez and Orlando Bloom Spark Romance Rumours After Being  ...
t HTC unveils flagship phone HTC One (M8)
e Potato salad Kickstarter campaign raises over $22000
b Nokia's Devices Unit Lost $452M In Q1 Before The Microsoft Hand-Off
b Wall Street little changed
m Protein that joins sperm with egg discovered
b Interest rates left on hold again
t Why the Apple-IBM Partnership WorksDaily Edition
b Priceline Buys OpenTable For $2.6-Billion
b Redesigned Toyota Camry launched in New York
t Alien Life Could Be Discovered Within 20 Years, Astronomers Say
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Mini small on size, big on features
m St. Anthony hospital in Gig Harbor celebrates fifth anniversary
e How Gwyneth Paltrow became Hollywood's love guru before split from Chris Martin
t Samsung's K Zoom Leaks Once Again; Shows Off Its S5-Like Dimpled Back
b Russia: Our troops will not invade Ukraine
e 7 Reasons Why Pharrell Will Be a Fantastic 'Voice' Coach
e The Sad, Strange Suicide of a 'Deal or No Deal' Hostess' Husband
b March Against Monsanto on Saturday
e 'American Idol' gets less screen time next season
t iPhone 5S & 5C on Sale; Where to Buy Cheap Apple Phone?
m Paramedic Has Amazing Time Driving Ambulance [VIDEO]
b Taco Bell serves up breakfast menu, Waffle Taco
t Buy Titanfall And 12 Month Xbox Live Membership At Target And Save $30
b Novartis, GSK, Lilly sign multibillion-dollar deals to trade business units
t Android Auto Gives Direct Competition to Apple's CarPlay
t Facebook's Feed Now Punishes Pages That Ask For Likes Or Share Reruns
m Why Expensive Meals Will Always Taste Better
t AAA expects more long-distance NJ travelers will hit the road for July 4
b After near-miss, FAA changes Newark procedures
t NASA releases pics of Earth Day `global selfie
b Amazon.com Can't Save BlackBerry
b Biotech Has A Hiccup
e 'The Bachelorette' bachelor Marcus Grodd dishes about being the next 'The  ...
e Who Watched Lindsay Lohan's OWN Debut?
e Watch Erykah Badu Get Rejected By A Newscaster
b Beef-processing plant closing; 600 people losing their job
t BlackBerry BBM Now Allows For Bigger File Transfers, Stickers In Multi-Person  ...
e No-one above the law
b BNP Paribas agrees to $8.9 billion in sanctions
t Headphone maker Beats buy could broaden Apple's reach
e Justin Bieber Dating Rumours: From Kendall Jenner to Ashley Moore
e Is Kanye West Working On A 3-Hour Spoken Word Album? (Probably Not)
e L'Wren Scott's sister Jan Shane believes the fashion designer envied her 'simple  ...
e Disney's 'Bears' Reviews: Just As Breathtaking As 'African Cats'
e Stephen Colbert responds to #CancelColbert controversy
b Twitter Reports Faster User Growth And Better-Than-Expected Revenue For Q1
t BlackBerry Z3, Jakarta Edition Launched With 5-inch qHD Display, BB10.2 OS
b Study: Drought Costing Calif. Billions in Agriculture, Job Losses
m CDC on NJ kids' risky behaviors: Texting in car, unprotected sex, not enough sleep
b Alcatel-Lucent Q1 loss shrinks as it tries to turn around its fortunes
e A Political History of "How I Met Your Mother"
m Back pain behind 'more disability than any other condition'
b US stocks small gains following latest round of corporate mergers
e Kaley Cuoco Opens About Whirlwind Romance With New Husband Ryan  ...
t VIDEO: Deconstructing the FCC's Net Neutrality Ruling
t Verizon HTC One (M8) to be for in-store purchases only?
b Netflix to Expand to Germany, Austria, Switzerland, France, Belgium and  ...
m Antidepressant Use During Pregnancy Could Increase Autism Risk
b Rogue Oil Tanker Back Off Libya's Tripoli, Crew Held
e Kanye West Gives 20-Minute Speech, Says the Kardashians are 'the Most  ...
t Review of LG G Watch
t About time: Xbox One friend notifications to return in next update
e Top 7 Easter candies to fill those baskets
t T-Mobile's Legere goes 'uncarrier' again with iPhone 5S test drive; claims  ...
e Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin are Reuniting for a Netflix Series
e 'Pretty Little Liars' Star Defends Photoshopping In GQ Spread
e 'Dancing with the Stars' Season 18 week 3: Scores, memorable years and Robin  ...
t Microsoft wearable rumors suggest more fitness tracker, less smartwatch
t Samsung Gear Live and LG G smartwatch UK release dates and prices  ...
e Mother's outrage after JetBlue flight attendant refused to let her three-year-old  ...
t Soyuz Spacecraft Docks With Int'l Space Station
e Peter Mayhew Reportedly Cast In 'Star Wars Episode VII'
e Mila Kunis Reveals No One Picked Up On Ashton Kutcher Engagement For Two  ...
b Ex-Goldman director Gupta's insider trading conviction upheld
e Getting There: Maya Angelou
b Burger King introduces Gay Pride Whopper
e Neil Young's New Pono Music Player Will Cost $400
e Miley Cyrus - Miley Cyrus postponed Bangers tour until August
t OKCupid joins anti-Mozilla brigade by urging users to install Firefox alternatives
m Gambia Bans Flights From Liberia, Guinea
b Germany seizes cocaine-filled condoms sent to Vatican
t Report Finds Climate Change Impacting Entire Planet, Raising Risk Of Disasters
t Wireless Stocks in News: Sprint Corporation (NYSE:S), Vodafone Group  ...
e Billboard Music Awards Hair: From Carrie Underwood's Dark Blonde Hue to  ...
t Q&A: Secret CEO David Byttow on runaway growth and the ethics of anonymity
e Ghostbusters 3 Aims To Start Production Early Next Year
b Pfizer Continues To Press For AstraZeneca Acquisition
e Lindsay Lohan made a list of all the people she slept with!
e Star Wars shoot begins in Abu Dhabi
e MOVIE REVIEW: The return of the blue macaw
b Wage growth is back with a bang as unemployment falls below 7pc
t Microsoft To Acquire Nokia in $7.5 Billion Deal on April 25
e Film Review: Draft Day
b HK leader hits back at Chinese media over democracy poll
e MOVIE REVIEW: 'Begin Again' is like deja vu all over again
b Treasury to sell more Lloyds shares
e Kristen Stewart on the follies of film and fame
b Alibaba in $312m deal to leverage SingPost network
m CDC warns syphilis is back with a vengeance among US gay and bisexual men
e Henri Matisse and his Côte of many colours
b Rupert Murdoch bid for Time Warner: The old tycoon before his biggest coup  ...
m Tamiflu effectiveness unproven in flu fight: study
m W. African Ebola epidemic 'likely to last months'
m Voice of The Southern: Take a stand against cancer
b Stocks May Extend Recent Upward Trend In Early Trading - U.S. Commentary
e Man travels to 26 countries in proposal video for the ages
e Michael Strahan is reportedly in talks to join 'GMA' team
e Naomi Campbell Reacts to Kimye's Vogue Cover
b Another possible signal in search for jet
e L'Wren Scott's body moved to funeral home
b Families of passengers hire US law firm to sue Boeing, MAS over MH370 tragedy
b 15/06/2014Mitsubishi offers to buy 10% stake in Alstom: report
t Google Maps offers offline support, Uber integration
e Netizens pay respects to Gabriel Garcia Marquez
t Average Price At The Pump Drops
m Utah's Autism Rate 2%, Above Average: CDC Report
e The Black Keys Release 'Turn Blue' Tomorrow
b Mortgage Master Creates Loan Officer Concierge Team To Smooth New Hires  ...
e 'Power Rangers' movie is in the works
e Mad Men Series Premiere Ratings Sink to Lowest Since 2008
e 'Game of Thrones' Recap: A Feast for Crows
t Google Glass on sale in the US for $1500 and one day only
t Pelagornis Sandersi Was the Largest Bird Capable of Flight, 'More Like a Game  ...
b Credit Suisse Q1 Profit Declines - Quick Facts
t Novartis hopes to commercialise 'smart lens' within five years
b RBI governor Rajan delivers no surprises, holds interest rates
t BlackBerry buys German's Secusmart
t Int'l climate change meeting opens in Yokohama
m Researchers Identify Drugs To Slow Incurable Lung Disease
t HTC's One M8: Smart-Looking Smartphone Has Sixth Sense
e Kendall Jenner's Met Gala Gown Was From Topshop (True Story)
b On a regional roll
e 'SNL' Spoofs Jay Z and Solange Elevator Fight
b Inside China's Economy: Slowing Manufacturing and Investment Add to Concern
b FX Trade Anxious for Yellen Testimony
b Jakarta calls for diplomatic solution to South China Sea conflict
t Gorgeous Faces Keep Guenon Monkeys from Sleeping Around
t Apple dropped $100 from Macbook Air's price with slightly faster processor
e Stations of the Cross attendees walk to commemorate Christ's journey; STGnews  ...
b Numsa strike could push SA into recession
e Find Out Which Star Wars: Episode VII Cast Are Coming to the UAE
e 'Orphan Black' Star Tatiana Maslany Recalls Reading Scary German Fairy Tales  ...
e Kendall Jones Facebook Pictures of African Animal Hunting Sparks Outrage
t NASA-Boeing Deal Finalized which will Build Deep Space Mission Rocket
e Lady Gaga's 'GUY' Video Features 'Housewives,' Andy Cohen
e Poet, writer Maya Angelou dead at 86
b Obama, Mich. in talks to free up $100M for Detroit
e Beyoncé and Jay Z Crashed Coachella
e 2014 MTV VMAs: From Beyonce To Miley Cyrus, Women Ruled
e Drew Barrymore And Husband Will Kopelman Welcome Second Baby Daughter
e A Real-life Spiritual Journey is Brought to the Big Screen in Heaven is for Real
t Rumor: Apple Revealing iOS Smart Home Platform In June
b Symantec Fires CEO In Surprise Move
b Deal will let Tesla operate 3 Ohio stores
b Four years ago Sunday, the BP oil spill shocked a nation and frightened the Keys
m Teva trots out genetics in new petition against Copaxone copies
b Google 1Q earns falter on ad prices
b Argentina Scrambles To Avoid Default
e 'SNL' Recap: Lena Dunham Debuts 'Girls' Parody Follow-up (Video)
t Rare 'Blood Moon' eclipse shines on Southern Utah; STGnews Photo Gallery
t Google Names Its First “Glass At Work” Certified Partners To Focus On Business  ...
b EUR/USD muted after ECB
b Forex - Pound steady close to 5-1/2 year highs against dollar
b Non-striking workers trapped in factory
b Facebook Q1 2014 results: “Business is growing and growing”
t How I Went From Zero to 380000 Twitter Followers Without Spending a Dime
e Remembering Hollywood legend Mickey Rooney who starred in panto at MK  ...
e Aereo fights for its life at the Supreme Court this week
t Wyoming Gas Price Update
b AOL Down On Low Q1 EPS
b Credit Suisse to pay $2.5bn fine over tax evasion
m Diabetes-related conditions decline
m Too many unneeded brain scans for headaches, study suggests
e Rapper severs penis, jumps off building, survives
b Crude Nears 8-Month Highs Amid Escalating Tension In Iraq
t Long-term thaw of East Antarctic ice could raise sea level by nearly 13 feet
m A Blood Test for Alzheimer's?
t 5 Fantasy Reasons Why Nintendo Should Buy Capcom
b Recovery of EU Unemployment Expected Faster
e “Godzilla” Smashes Box Office With $93.2 Million
m Many more adults taking ADHD drugs
b Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) and Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN  ...
m MERS patient from Saudi Arabia released from Florida hospital; officials say he's  ...
e Did ABC Handle Eric Hill's 'Bachelorette' departure the right way?
e Emma Stone Gives Andrew Garfield Hosting Advice During His 'SNL' Monologue
t Marquez storms to victory in Texas
e Angelina Jolie: Don't Want Acting "Center" Of My Kids' Lives, Not A "Healthy Focus"
m Study: People yawn to cool overheated brains
t Apple joins hands with IBM to win over business customers
e Lady Gaga Celebrates 28th Birthday With Roseland Ballroom Show
t T-Mobile Added 1.5m Subscribers Last Quarter, Crosses The 50m Mark
b RBI may not hesitate to wield the stick if foreign banks create local subsidiaries
e Movie clock
m U of M study links sports and energy drinks to unhealthy teen behaviors
e PR firm downplays problems at L'Wren Scott's company
t Tonight's New 'Giraffes' Meteor Shower Could Be A Great One
t Google Maps, Now with Time Travel
e Game Of Thrones video: explaining the season 4 finale
m Veterans Languish and Die on VA Hospital's Secret Waiting List: Report
e RIP Archie: Beloved character to die in July
e Rory Cochrane Joins the Cast Of Black Mass
b India Carmakers See Sales Climbing First Time in 3 Years
b Shares Of Freddie Mac, Fannie Mae Tank On Housing-Finance Reforms
e Redeemer Lutheran plans Holy Week services
b Smith & Wesson Holding Corp (SWHC) Drops 13.63% on August 27
e Eli Wallach, star of The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, dies aged 98
b Sacked CEO seeks revenge
t Apple launches Battery Replacement Program for some iPhone 5 units
t Verizon offers Samsung Galaxy S5 pre-order deal: Buy one get one free
m Second West Nile-Infected Mosquito Pool Found Near Boston
e Is Emma Stone Woody Allen's New Muse? First 'Magic Moonlight', Then Woody's  ...
t Who's The First Billionaire In Hip Hop?
m Deadly Melanoma Cases Jump 200%, Report Says
e New Update: Detroit Pupils' Video of 'Happy' Now Exceeds 87000 Views
t Why Google's Nest Labs spent $550M on home security
e 8 Things You Didn't Know About Trace Adkins
t Amazon picks AT&T to be exclusive carrier of their upcoming smartphone
e French director Assayas offers film on pasting time at Cannes
t Samsung launches two Galaxy Tab S versions in India
b Renewable energy, oil, taxes and – huh!
e How to vote for the 'Brits' at this year's Eurovision Song Contest
e Author Sue Townsend dies aged 68
e Tony Soprano alive? Creator 'misquoted'
m Truck overturns into Horseshoe Lake
t Ken Ham's latest pseudo-science: Creation Museum to unveil a dinosaur  ...
b April new home sales up 6.4%
b Google to use up to $30bn of its offshore cash for acquisitions
t Glass upgraded pre-I/O but no swap for existing Explorers
t Apple iPad Videos Go Inside the Worlds of Travel and Classical Music
e 'The Purge: Anarchy' Extended Preview
e Richard Linklater on Why Boyhood Isn't the Film You Think It Is
e Game of Thrones renewed by HBO for 2 more seasons (at least)
m Occasional Drinks In Early Pregnancy Linked To Premature And Underweight Birth
t A closer look at Google's self-driving car, and how it's shaping up
t HTC Corp. share price rises, releases its updated One M8 smartphone in an  ...
e JLo, Mark Anthony Finalize Divorce
b U.S. July factory activity expands at fastest pace in 39 months: ISM
m Doctors group nixes routine pelvic exams
e Stars react to Mickey Rooney's death
b In the news: Earnings from Google, GE, IBM, Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs
t 'Burger King Baby' finds birth mother 27 years later
b Target taps former Sam's Club exec as its new CEO
e Taylor Swift top-earning musician in 2013
b Wind, solar energy to get big push under Narendra Modi-led NDA
m FDA: Honey with any added sweeteners can't be called honey
b US Q2 Growth Forecasts Cut on Tepid Consumer Spending
b Former Treasury secretaries, financial leaders press business to cut climate  ...
e Kickstarter campaign for potato salad tops $40000
t Twitter unveils new profile page design
b US lime market squeezed by shortage in Mexico
e Some Emil Brunner Sayings (from Dogmatics, Vol. I)
e 'Let us vote': Thai protesters defy junta and labels
m Eat seven portions of fruit and veg a day to live longer
e Marvel Launches Out-of-This World Assortment of Products Inspired by “Marvel's  ...
t Accident leads to delays on M27
b Tim Geithner Rocks A Totally Unpretentious Watch
m 9-Year-Old Shaves Head to Support Friend, is Suspended From School (PHOTO)
b Can Twitter hold onto the solid growth in users?
b Supreme Court declines to block ruling on multiple sclerosis drug in patent  ...
b Corn-based biofuel worse than gasoline on global warming over short term: study
t Tim Cook Calls New Apple Book 'Nonsense'
e Watch: First Teaser Trailer for 'Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1'
e Bachelorette 2014 Men Tell All Promo: First Look at the “Intense” Special (VIDEO)
m Sex and smoking declines among US teenagers reveals a survey
b Google Revenue Is Clicking
b Indian Ocean search for missing jet enters 3rd day
b lululemon: A Downward Facing Dog No Longer?
t Suppliers scrambling to get screens ready for iPhone 6
t Facebook Betting Big on Virtual Reality
b Disney to buy YouTube network Maker Studios for $500M
e Baywatch babe Pamela Anderson launches new charity foundation at Cannes  ...
b Unilever sells Ragu, Bertolli brands to Japan's Mizkan Group for $2.15 billion
b Coldwater CEO: liquidation shocking and unexpected
t PERSONAL TECH Sandberg: Emotion Study 'Poorly Communicated'
e WTF: Peeps Movie in Development
m 'Star Wars' robotic arm approved for production
t As wearables catch on, Amazon cashes in with new online store
b AAA reports over 36 million to travel on Memorial Day
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Release Date: Key Hardware Specifications of 2  ...
b Wall Street continues to shed gains
t WhatsApp founder dismisses Facebook merger privacy fears
e American Idol 2014 Poll: Vote For Best Top 9 Performance
t Climate Change This Week: US Climate Report Card, Climate Action Day and  ...
e Celebrity Weddings Of 2014 — So Far!
m Growing old? Roll back the years with transfusions of young blood
b Bulgarian leaders pledge support for banking system - president
b Supreme Court Limits EPA Authority On Power Plants
b Study: Biofuels from Corn Harm Environment More Than Gasoline
b Bacon prices rise after virus kills pigs
e Sean Combs announces name change from P. Diddy to Puff Daddy in 'Big  ...
t Average retail gasoline prices in Louisiana rising
e Everything's Coming Up Greendale: Six Stories We'd Like To See In 'Community  ...
e Eminem Finally Apologizes to Mom on Mother's Day
b Dark pools in crosshairs after Barclays charges
t Bomb squad called in over Watch Dogs video game PR stunt
t Smartphone kill switch coming to US in 2015 to reduce device thefts
t Share This Story
b Analysts expect RBI to hike rates after elections
e Bachelorette 2014 Andi Dorfman Picked Josh Murray To Be Her Main Man In  ...
e Game Of Thrones: George RR Martin Reveals The Origin Of The Iron Bank Of  ...
e 'Bears': sleeping and surviving in the Alaskan wild
b SunPower Now Covered by Analysts at Brean Capital (SPWR)
m Why Wikipedia Could Cost You Your Life
t Snapchat debuts 'Our Story'
b Breaking the ice with Narendra Modi? John Kerry heads to India to end  ...
b Loans to private sector in Eurozone continue to shrink
e Celine Dion Has Offer for Viral Video Star
t NASA robot taking next big step, literally
e George Clooney Explodes at Businessman for Slamming Obama: He 'Threw a  ...
b Wal-Mart Stores Given “Neutral” Rating at Zacks (WMT)
e Game of Thrones Episode 4.5 Recap
t Twitter launches 'first tweet' tool to mark 8th birthday - what was yours?
b Red Lobster Restaurant Chain To Be Sold For $2.1 Billion
e Here's what loads of celebs look like wearing Justin Bieber's ridiculous  ...
m ALZHEIMER'S could be much easier to detect once a new blood test becomes  ...
e Kelly Osbourne head tattoo: Apologizes to 'mum and dad' for head ink
e ABC renews 'Agents of SHIELD,' orders 'Agent Carter' series
e Jessica Simpson follows in footsteps of Beyoncé and Jennifer Lopez with vegan  ...
e The Originals Spoilers: [SPOILER] Leaves Show, May Return in the Future
t Neutral net may be a lost cause
m Rare 'Mono Mono' Twins Doing Well
t Hair samples not of Yeti
t Australia climbs average Internet connection speed world rankings
b Citi may pay $7bn over shoddy mortgage bonds
b Tumblr Native Ads To Start Appearing Across Yahoo
e Bachelorette 2014 Spoilers: Are Andi Dorfman and Her Winner Still Together?
t Microsoft drives four-frontal assault on Partner program
e 'Batman v Superman' gets official title; Robert Redford may play Oral Roberts  ...
e Big Bang gets big deal
b Target earnings drop 16% as data breach takes toll
e Dawn of the Planet of the Apes: Watch Three Prequel Movies Now!
e Ciara Gives Birth To Baby Boy: Report
b Urban Outfitters Price Target Cut to $35.00 (URBN)
e 'Star Wars: Episode VII' Has Already Started Filming, Reveals Disney Exec Alan  ...
t Public-private survey finds cybercrime on the rise
t Google's Android TV coming soon…
b Microsoft profit slides
b Deutsche Bank sets June 4 to price equity issue - slides
b Candy game creator's stock flops
t Nexus 6 Release Date: Google Smartphone Bigger Than Samsung Galaxy Note  ...
b Candy Crush maker King Digital shares sour in market debut
b Cargill's earnings hit by Chinese rejections of corn shipments
e 'I Wanna Marry Harry': Why the idea of a royal 'Bachelor' makes total sense
t Google I/O 2014: Samsung expands Gear portfolio with Android Wear
t Cortana: Microsoft's answer to Siri coming to Australia
b Apple could acquire Beats for $3.2b: What this could mean for Apple
t Tuesday's lunar eclipse will be easy to spot
b Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370: Black Box Locator Heads to 'Crash Site' in  ...
t Facebook Steps Into The Future With The Acquisition Of Oculus VR
b Apple's Beats buy joins tech and street-wise style
b Slowdown in eurozone recovery strengthens calls for Bank action
t Amazon Finally Unveils Details Of 3-D Fire Phone
b Undersea sound 'could be MH370'
t Apple Inc (AAPL), Google Inc (GOOG) Declares Truce; Settles Motorola Patent  ...
e Highfaluting stuff
t HTC One M8 now available for Verizon Wireless with new promotions
t Vic Gundotra leaving Google, has his “and then” moment [UPDATE]
t Facebook apologises for 'any anxiety' caused by social research
t Microsoft to cut 18000 jobs in major reorganisation
t VIDEO: Web Host Slaps FCC With Dial-Up Speeds Over Net Neutrality
e Lindsay Lohan - Dina Lohan's licence revoked
e Justin Bieber strikes plea deal in DUI Miami case days after avoiding charges for  ...
e Hugh Jackman Wants Wolverine To Tear It Up In â€˜The Avengersâ€™
b Weibo soars in IPO debut
b Sen. Levin: Caterpillar Avoided Billions in Taxes
e Manslaughter charges filed in death of crew member on Gregg Allman movie
b Hewlett-Packard Slashes 16000 More Jobs
b Business briefs
m Diaspora Unite write Open letter to President Koroma
m See What the Cheapest food in History Does to Every 3rd American
t Microsoft criticised after scanning blogger's Hotmail inbox to find leak
e Jenny McCarthy & Donnie Wahlberg Announce Engagement on 'The View  ...
t Samsung Galaxy Core 2 and Pocket 2 dual-SIMs leak
e How to get Miranda Kerr's perfect hair
b 4 Income ETFs That Hit $1B In 2014
t Microsoft delivers Office for rival Apple's iPad
b American Apparel Uses Rights Plan To Block Dov Charney From Regaining  ...
m We yawn to cool our brains: Study
b Asian plane crash due to pilot mismanagement
e Watch Chris Brown get CARRIED out of BET Awards party after making his  ...
e Review: Costner holds the fort down for 'Draft Day'
t Learn From EBay's Reaction To Its Security Glitch
b Dow Jones industrial average tops 17000 after strong jobs report
t Sony beats own estimates, sells 7 million PS4s
e Miley Cyrus Posts a Topless Instagram Photo of Herself: Internet Fails to React
t Smithsonian wants unearthed Atari games
e Music Video Review: Lana Del Rey, "West Coast"
e Son Of God: Easter revisited
b Oil steady as ample supply balances geopolitical tension
e Disney Announces 'Incredibles 2' & 'Cars 3'!
e 6 cheap ways to get your very own Iron Throne
t Is Google CCTV coming to your living room? Firm set to buy home security firm  ...
e Lindsay Lohan Destroys A Car (Video)
t Apple sells more iPhones, but fewer iPads and iPods
t Buzz Aldrin launches lunar landing social media campaign
t Xbox One July update to bring snap mode for achievements, double-tap to snap  ...
b PokerStars firm acquired for $4.9 billion
m Five Minutes of Running Could Add Three More Years to Your Life
b GOP: Just Say No to Ex-Im
e Braff explores family, Jewish identity in 'Wish I Was Here'
e Review: Family is greatest strength of 'Heaven Is for Real'
t Microsoft debuts first Android phone, Nokia X2
m Relay for Life announces events
b Despite many obstacles, bull market run turns 5
t Send an anonymous tip
b News Recap- Gilead Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:GILD), Amgen Inc. (NASDAQ  ...
e 'Neighbors' Review
e Draft Day: A Lower Rung Kevin Costner Movie Brought To You By The NFL
e Museum of Natural History Announces First Adult-Only Sleepover
e Kanye West trying hard to get Kim into elite Hollywood circle
m Ebola outbreak response scaled up
b BlackBerry Off 4% on FYQ4 Decline in Hardware, Services; Street Lauds Cost  ...
e Celebrity Wedding Updated- George Clooney Goes After Tabloid Claiming That  ...
b Wall St gains after Chinese data, Yahoo up on Alibaba
e VIDEO: Brian Williams raps 'Gin and Juice' on The Tonight Show
t Rare meteor shower to illuminate Americas
t Twitter's (TWTR) CEO Dick Costolo on Q2 2014 Results - Earnings Call  ...
t Moody's Sees Thorny AT&T Deal with DIRECTV
b Unemployment rates drop in 43 US states in January
e Pat Sajak spins climate change
t Charter challenges Comcast-Time Warner deal
m Menino Plans To Keep Busy While Receiving Cancer Treatment
b Cost-cutting Barclays bank swings axe on 5600 IT and ops bods
b Avoiding Last Minute Tax Mistakes
m Nine-Year-Old Dies from a Rare Amoeba Infection
b AT&T, DirecTV To Approve Deal to Merge -T, DTV
t GM to Offer Wireless Smartphone Charging on select 2015 Cadillacs
e Macy's Fourth Of July Fireworks 2014: Location, NYC Viewing, Map, TV  ...
e Justin Bieber And Selena Gomez Were Loved Up And Dancing Close At  ...
m Walk Again @ World Cup
b Mobile Ad Revenue Helps Facebook Profits Surge
e Miss Nevada Nia Sanchez crowned as 63rd Miss USA - WREX.com – Rockford's  ...
m NIH study links high cholesterol levels to lower fertility
e J.J. Abrams: Get a part in 'Star Wars: Episode VII' by participating in UNICEF  ...
t Amazon schedules 'video business' NYC event for next week, to finally reveal set  ...
b Ready For A Rebound? Gilead's $1000 Pill
e 'Captain America' soars above 'Rio 2' to win box office
b UPDATE 1-NY Fed's Dudley says inflation drifting up, economic growth lagging
b Sprint Moves Closer to T-Mobile Buyout Deal
e Sandler brings trademark schmaltz to Blended
t Microsoft Surface Pro 3, Apple iPad Air, MacBook Air Comparison: How A  ...
e Stephen Colbert's First “Late Show” Shot
e LeVar Burton launches 'Reading Rainbow' Kickstarter campaign (Video)
b Midday movers: Allergan, Valeant, US Steel & more
t Microsoft makes severe job cuts
b US stocks falling in early trading as investors await Yellen testimony; Office  ...
t Swift documentation contains a secret reference to Joss Whedon's Firefly
b Southwest profit-sharing is record $228 million amid labor talks
e Analyst Lauds Lionsgate's China Streaming Deal With Alibaba
e Rolf Harris guilty: Veteran entertainer 'attacked a high-profile TV presenter  ...
t PlayStation 4 Sales Reach Seven Million
b Shanghai copper price falls on "black Monday"
e Jennifer Aniston Hits Out At 'Toxic' Tabloids As She Tries To Stay 'Humble'
b Over 100 South Dakota residents eligible for small portion of $1B bad mortgage  ...
b The Volatility Index Does Not Tell The Future
m Coronavirus Cases in the UAE Update
e 'Hunger Games' sequel wins big at MTV Movie Awards
e All she wanted was a kiss: Watch Erykah Badu crash a New York TV news report
e Dave Brockie Dead: GWAR's Oderus Urungus Found Dead In His Home
e Binge-viewing with the best is OK
b HealthCare.gov goes down for hours as enrollment deadline nears
e Kingsley, Spielberg Lead Tribute To Richard Attenborough
e Allison Williams to star in NBC's live 'Peter Pan' musical
e 'The Hobbit: Battle of the Five Armies' Trailer Released [VIDEO]
t Battle for open internet continues
e Strait takes entertainer of year at ACM Awards
e 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' review
m Spray-On Sunscreens Come With Hazards
e Controversial finish for 'How I Met Your Mother'
b (CNW) Valeant Substantially Increases Merger Proposal For Allergan
b Allergan urges investors to reject 'grossly inadequate' Valeant tender offer
b Brent oil hits one-month low in seven-day losing streak
m South Florida has its first locally acquired cases of chikungunya fever.
m Experts: Lower back pain main culprit behind disability
b Boeing raises forecast for new airplane demand
e Lady Gaga Finishes Off 28th Birthday Almost Naked In Sheer Body Suit! (PICS)
t NASA's space vegetable project to soon provide lettuce to astronauts
t Study: Samsung phone hardy, but iPhone has edge
t Microsoft Surface Pro 3: Visual Tour
b Microsoft corporation unveils Office for iPad
m Scientists identify protein that joins sperm with egg
e The Walking Dead Characters Have Dumb Ideas
b Walgreens posts 5.9% lift in Q3 sales; considering second step of Alliance Boots  ...
e Jenny McCarthy's keeping her wedding small, with no celebs
t US closes investigation of Tesla battery fires
e True Detective Does Have a Woman Problem. That's Partly Why People Love It.
e More ent in brief
e 'Girls' Star Allison Williams Cast as Peter Pan for Upcoming NBC Musical
t Review: Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini vs HTC One Mini vs Nokia Lumia 520
t Survey: 'Heartbleed' spooks 39% of Web surfers
m Socialized medicine: British National Health Service is world's best healthcare  ...
m Put Ebola Treatment Centers At Border Points
t Report: Halo 1 - 4 Being Compiled Into HD Xbox One Remaster
e Lindsay Lohan Has Officially Sued The Makers Of 'Grand Theft Auto V'
b Vitter: Cap and Trade is Back with All Pain, No Gain
e casey kasem, 82 Famed radio host was island of calm in swirl of pop music
b Kakao/Daum
e Tiny sides with Floyd Mayweather in fight with TI
t Texas: US mayors to use nature to fight climate change
t IE zero-day flaw unpatched on XP
e Dozens Hospitalized During Avicii Concert
e The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles trailer just dropped! Get the pizza!
t Live Blog: GM's Mary Barra Testifies on Capitol Hill
e Tyler The Creator Arrested For Inciting A Riot At SXSW, But Still Plays Sold Out  ...
t Samsung packs on features on its new Galaxy S5 phone
m High number of C-sections cause concerns among some medical experts
b Payrolls Rose in Most US States in March, Led by Florida (2)
t First look: Microsoft Office for iPad is pretty and functional
b Toyota: still number one worldwide
b IMF chief Lagarde is under investigation in France
e 'Star Wars Episode 7' Plot: Han Solo To Have A 'Gigantic' Appearance Amid  ...
t Journal expresses 'concern' over Facebook study, how it was handled
b GM safety crisis grows with recall of 3mn more cars for ignition issues
e Miley Cyrus remains hospitalized, cancels more concerts
e Captain America: The Winter Soldier's Chris Evans Says Marvel Has The Midas  ...
e Ben Affleck's 'Gone Girl' trailer showcases David Fincher spin on Flynn
e 'Orphan Black' even better in second season
t Successful launch of first satellite to study climate change and CO2
e Lindsey Vonn And Elin Nordegren Are "Close Friends" In Hatred U-Turn
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Mini details revealed
e Sandrine's Review: Game of Thrones “The Laws of Gods and Men” (Season 4  ...
t US safety agency probes Chrysler, Nissan vehicles
e Music fans give Record Store Day a spin
e Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Latest Trailer Is Here, Take A Look At The English  ...
t Android L and Android Wear SDKs are now Available!
t T-Mobile still has some way to go with network coverage perception
b Wells Fargo posts 14% profit increase as fewer borrowers default
b Toyota Answers Hyundai Design Challenge With Refreshed Camry (2)
e 22 Jump Street's bromance proves just as hilarious as original
e Casey Kasem, King of Top 40, Dies at 82
e Father Of The Bride - Steve Martin Dismisses Father Of The Bride 3 Rumours
t How will the US Supreme Court verdict against Aereo impact streaming and  ...
t Sony Entertainment Network and Battle.net back online after DDoS attack
t Here are the winners and losers in Facebok's $2bn Oculus Rift deal
e Chris Brown in Jail: Reason Singer Booted From Rehab Revealed
m Supercooling Organs May Be The Future Of Transplants
b Stocks set for quarterly gains, bond prices rise
t Could this app allow you to read War and Peace in a day?
b Plexus Corp. (PLXS) Jumps: Stock Rises 8.0%
b Obama administration warns of impending highway crisis
b Dow, S&P 500 edge higher on technology shares
b Inovio Pharmaceuticals Added To Russell Global, Russell 2000(R) and Russell  ...
m Samsung chairman survives heart attack
m Autism: difference or disorder?
m Planned Parenthood Files An Appeal Over New Abortion Rules
t Titanfall launch review
b Why the Dow Jones Is Tumbling Today
e Snooki & Lorenzo Announce Sex Of Her Baby
t Visionary or looney? Zuckerberg on spending spree
b TROUBLE AT TWITTER: COO Could Be Out Because Of Slow Growth
e Hello Kitty is not a cat at all, but a little girl and cartoon character
t Facebook Hopes Missed Calls Are A Good Thing For Advertisers Targeting  ...
b Merkel praises Greek progress to exit crisis, launches new fund in Athens
t How free will the internet be in 2025?
b Kraft recalls cottage cheese due to poor storage
t Apple Reportedly Buys Beats Music for $3.2 Billion, Making Dr. Dre Hip-Hop's  ...
m Opioid, Heroin Deaths Continue to Climb
e Al Roker and Matt Lauer are really worried in “Sharknado 2″
t LADEE probe hits the Moon at 3600 mph
e Taylor Swift Gets Protection From Man Who Threatened To "Kill" Anyone Who  ...
e Here's a Bunch of Photos of That Rihanna Dress Everyone's Talking About
b Global economy strengthening but significant risks remain, says OECD in latest  ...
t Google Glass could increase rates of mugging and the hacking of private data  ...
e Best MTV Movie Awards Moments, Courtesy Of The Young Hollywood Class Of  ...
e Now Trending: Book lovers are eating up the first look at the Gone Girl movie
e Kim Kardashian drops BIGGEST wedding dress hint yet... at Balmain showroom  ...
e HBO brings 'The Sopranos,' 'The Wire' and more to Amazon Prime
b Amazon's airborne delivery system is already designing an 8th-gen drone
b Stocks close higher on Wall Street; Sonic soars
m Green Bay area reacts to obesity survey
t OKCupid seeks to block Mozilla Firefox over gay rights
e 'Game of Thrones' Maisie Williams on Playing Arya Stark & Landing the Famous  ...
m Industry leaders applaud policies in Murphy and Barber bills
m Genetic tracking identifies cancer stem cells in patients
e Nirvana rockers play surprise post-Hall Of Fame show
t Researchers Working on Technology to develop Supersonic Submarine
b April 17 Premarket Briefing: 10 Things You Should Know
e American Airlines Bomb Threat: AA and Southwest Respond to Threats While  ...
e Is Selena Gomez Spending Too Much Time With Orlando Bloom?
m Study: Too much sitting may raise risk for certain cancers
t Kairos adds Windows Phone 8.1 support to their mechanical hybrid smartwatch
e 'Me. I Am Mariah...The Elusive Chanteuse' Might Actually Be Good
e Lupita Nyong'o tops People's 'Most Beautiful' list
e Movies Interview Amazing Spider-Man 2 'builds foundation for spinoffs, Sinister Six'
m Major SPF News: The House Passed an Act That Could Change the Sunscreen  ...
t Bought a Galaxy S5? Samsung's fingerprint scanner hacked
e 'Games of Thrones' Season 4 Episode 2 Breaks Torrent Records. Big Time.
t UK MPs Give the IPCC Assessment a Clean Bill of Health
e Madonna Dresses as Daenerys Targaryen for Purim
b Fed's Low-Rate Pledge Keeps Wind At Stock Market's Back [Dow Jones  ...
e Lena Dunham tells Glamour she may quit acting
b US stocks slip after discouraging figures on Chinese exports; Chiquita jumps on  ...
m Mice And Rats Stressed By The Scent Of Male Experimenters And Could Impact  ...
e 'The Big Bang Theory' news: Stars still negotiating contracts to return
t Nokia Lumia 630 review
e Report: Jessica Chastain Offered Lead in True Detective Season 2
e Miley Cyrus: Her 30 Most Naked Pictures (PHOTOS)
e VIDEO: UK EXCLUSIVE of Keeping Up With The Kardashians! Rob almost ruins  ...
e North Korea raps Australian foreign minister as US 'stooge'
t Google's New Smart TV Boxes Will Come With A Video Game Controller
t Google Buys Streaming Music Service Songza; Price Undisclosed
b Just What NYC Needs: More People
b Target chairman and CEO out in wake of breach
e Meg Ryan to voice How I Met Your Dad
b GM profit plunges to lowest level in 4 years
t The Apple iPhone 5s remains the world's most popular smartphone
e Maya Rudolph Returns to Saturday Night Live to Play Beyonce in Jay Z, Solange  ...
t Microsoft Office iPad app finding many takers
m Relay for Life: Organizers encourage attendance
e Watch Chris Pratt's amazing The Only Way Is Essex impression
e Spring Breakers sequel producers hit back at James Franco
b NYC Grocery Bag Fees: City Proposes 10-Cent Charge for Paper, Plastic
m Paraplegic in robotic suit set to kick off World Cup
m Study%3A+Married+folks+have+fewer+heart+problems
e 'Muppets Most Wanted' movie review: Kermit the Frog, a comic caper -- and a  ...
t Samsung mobile design boss resigns
e Joss Whedon's Paranormal Romance "In Your Eyes," Starring Zoe Kazan  ...
b Buying stakes in Europe to compete, not control: Etihad Airways
t Tesco readies Android smartphone to follow Hudl tablet
e Drew Barrymore Gives Birth To 2nd Child
e Yahoo reportedly eyes push into original video programming
m Doctors Use 3-D Printing To Help A Baby Breathe
b US Dollar Index (DXY) drops all the way to a 22-week low
t iPhone users: iOS 7.1 available to download now
e Kathryn Bigelow & Todd Field Plan Rival Bowe Bergdahl Films
t Google Creating 'Project Tango' Tablet With 3-D Vision
e Kickstarter raises thousands for potato salad
e Emma Stone helps out Andrew Garfield on 'SNL' 0
e Justin Bieber Apologies for Racist Joke
e Sopranos Creator David Chase (Sort of) Answers the "Is Tony Dead?" Question  ...
e The Voice RECAP 4/28/14: Season 6 “Live Top 10 Performance Show”
e Beyonce Flashes Cleavage in Holiday Photos
t Netflix pays to play with Verizon, too
e You'll never believe how this Will Ferrell-Chad Smith drum off ended
e Ouch! Nick Cannon Slams Ex Kim Kardashian: 'There Have Been A Lot Of  ...
t NASA's Curiosity rover sends pictures of space rocks from Martian surface
m Happy birthday, Medicare
e Billboard Music Awards: Michael Jackson hologram gets the green light
e They Are Quite A Pair Of 'Bangerz'! – Lily Allen Will Be Joining Miley Cyrus On  ...
e How Boston bombing survivor Adrianne got her groove back
e The Weather Channel to return to DirecTV
b Feds Say They'll Stop Seizing Some Tax Refunds
e WWE Power Rankings 4/14/2014: Post-WrestleMania XXX Edition
m Video: Consumers urged not to wash raw poultry
t One Lap of the Web: The Internet celebrates the Mustang
t Iran judge summons Zuckerberg to court over Instagram violating privacy
m Company will give drug to local youngster
b Hillary Clinton to Make Surprising Fox News Appearance
e 'How dare you imply my films caused shootings'
m Conjoined Twins Doing Great After Separation Surgery, Almost Became  ...
e “Divergent” Posts Big Numbers
t New York Times seeks to profile Tim Cook after getting shut out by Apple
b Australian Dollar Mixed as Rates Stay at Record Low
t GM Pays Price For Lessons Not Learned From Ford-Firestone Debacle
t Ford Hopes To Set World Record With Virtual 50th Birthday Card For Mustang
e Beyoncé covers 'TIME' magazine's 100 most influential people issue
e Shaky Bieber claimed stress fracture influenced sobriety test results
b Microsoft beats Wall Street on Nadella's debut
b $17K grant to help debut CASA educational program
b Euro near four-month lows as ECB looms; yen gets respite
t SpaceX supply capsule heads back to Earth
m Guinea confirms Ebola virus to blame for deadly epidemic
e Lea Michele Reportedly Dating Former Gigolo Matthew Paetz
t Brand-New Meteor Shower Debuts Tonight
e Fmr Roommate: Bergdahl Didn't Serve with Honor, Should be Charged
e Designer left all to her love — Mick Jagger
e Selena Gomez, Justin Bieber: 'Slow Down' Singer Hints at Boyfriend Trouble  ...
e Paul McCartney Cancels Japan Tour Dates
b NAR: Sales of existing homes post strong gains
b California DMV probing possible breach of customer credit cards
e TD Garden: Over 80 people injured, dozens hospitalized at Avicii concert
t General Motors working to fix defects in vehicles after recall
b Emirates brings Airbus stocks down after canceling a major A350 order
b AP Top News at 3:35 a.m. EDT
e SiriusXM: 'Opie & Anthony' shock jock fired over racist rant
e Peaches Geldof vowed to never let her sons down in last interview
b JetBlue pilots vote to join Air Line Pilots Association after turning down earlier  ...
m 7 Year Old Josh Hardy Denied Life-Saving Medication By Drug Company
b New Deal Gives Retailer a Lifeline
b VMware revenue beats estimates
e Tina Fey - Tina Fey Dispels Mean Girls Sequel Rumours
b Short EUR/USD into next week - RBS
t Google I/O: New Products, Features, Devices
m Oscar Pistorius Trial to Resume On Monday
e Nick Cannon White Instagram Photo Racist? Shocking Album Promotion Sparks  ...
e Glastonbury 2014: Dolly Parton defended by Stephen Fry as fans accuse singer  ...
t Apple's New 15-Inch Retina MacBook Pro: Leaked Photo Shows Device With  ...
e Dani Garavelli: L'Wren Scott, tortured talent
b Sally Beauty reports data breach
e Release dates set for Spielberg Cold War thriller and Dahl adaptation
e 'Mad Men' Premiere: 7 Questions for Season 7
m UN HEALTH AGENCY CERTIFIES 11 ASIAN NATIONS FREE OF POLIO
m Ada County Ranks 6th in State For Health
t Google: This Oracle Lawsuit Could Damage The Whole Software Industry
e Johnny Depp subpoenaed in `bizarre` murder case
e Disneyland raises prices, and it won't matter. Here's why.
e IMDb for iOS adds TV & Amazon Prime listings, Nike+ Move gets internationalized
b Chiquita and Fyffes join to make world's biggest banana firm
e GWAR singer Dave Brockie dead at 50
t WhatsApp Vs Snapchat Free Download - Pros and Cons
e Playboy star Kendra Wilkinson's husband 'cheated with transsexual' after  ...
e Rare FDR footage unveiled at State Archives
t GM hires outside law firm to review legal practices after ignition recall
b Other views: China hacking indictments will create waves
b Repairs for recalled GM cars to start in April
t Nest Purchases Dropcam for $555M of Google's Money
e Chris Brown jailed for another month
e Guardians of the Galaxy review: A superficial and half-hearted Marvel film
e Six Iranians Arrested for Dancing to Pharrell's “Happy”
b U.S. Health & Human Services Approves Division of Insurance Shift on  ...
m Seven More Mosquito Samples Test Positive for West Nile Virus
t The Samsung Galaxy S5 is on sale in stores today
b We're being royalty screwed! Pandora blames price rise on musos wanting money
t Google Inc (GOOG) news: Google looks to repeat Android success with  ...
e Bachelorette Andi Dorfman Leaves District Attorney's Office In Search Of  ...
b Can Omnicom Group (OMC) Surprise This Earnings Season?
b Eurozone inflation drop adds pressure on ECB - Live5News.com | Charleston  ...
b Top conspiracy theories about Flight 370′s disappearance
e Chris Brown faces jail time as assault trial begins today
e 'The Walking Dead' spinoff gets show runner, might air earlier than expected
t Chrysler unveils Ram ProMaster City delivery van
e Kim Kardashian Responds to Fake 'InTouch' Cover
t Commissioner Rosenworcel Wants FCC To Slow Down On Net Neutrality Rule  ...
e What Is The Meaning of Easter for Christians? Life of Jesus Christ
t Samsung and Apple Rule The Roost In ABI Research's Top Smartphones List
e F-bomb at LA Kings' celebration puts LA mayor in eye of dirty word storm
t Facebook's Acquisition Of Oculus: The Best Outcome For Gamers? [VIDEO]
b Glencore Xstrata Unit to Buy Caracal Energy
t GM Recalls Every 5th Gen Chevrolet Camaro for Ignition Risks
t Ahead of WWDC 2014, Stocks Surge As Investors Project Great Expectations  ...
t Total Lunar Eclipse Delivers Promised "Blood Moon"
e Why we watch awful things like Solange Knowles's attack on Jay Z
t Apple to acquire Beats Electronics for $3.2 billion
t New Horizons Mission To Analyze Pluto's Moon For Evidence Of Underground  ...
t New Dog Camera Mount Turns Your GoPro into a GoFido
m Ebola virus: WHO is taking outbreak 'very seriously' as Saudi Arabia suspends  ...
e Christians should buy tickets to 'Noah': Column
t Surface Pro 3 as hard to repair as predecessors, iFixit says
e Miley Cyrus & Icona Pop Hit The Chicago Nightclub Scene Hard After Bangerz  ...
m How will you get your seven a day?
b Currency Transfer Rates: Pound to Australian Dollar, US Dollar & Euro  ...
b Hamas rockets land deep in Israel as it bombards Gaza Strip
m Ebola patient coming to US as aid workers' health worsens
e Lady Antebellum to Perform 'Bartender' on 'American Idol'
b US Stocks: Wall St flat as momentum stocks stabilize; Pfizer drags
e Watch! X-Men: Days of Future Past new trailer
b Oracle buys cloud firm Micros Systems for USD 5.3 bn
m 'Wee' May Ease MS Symptoms ...
t Apple iWatch team gains Tag Heuer sales exec?
t VIDEO: Samsung Galaxy S5 Available For Pre-Order On AT Friday
t Gasoline-Loving Spiders Cause a Second Mazda Recall
b Obamacare: Some may have more time to finish applications
b China's JD.com prices IPO above expectations, bodes well for Alibaba
m FDA proposes program for faster approval of medical devices
b Vodafone Shares Up In £6bn Spanish Ono Deal
e Robert Pattinson claims to be homeless
e Wahlberg avoids green goo, Hart wins first award at Kids' Choice Awards
b GLOBAL MARKETS-Asia shares down before China data, euro hit by Draghi
e Inside Scooter Braun's star-studded wedding: Watch Tom Hanks dance and  ...
t Sprint wants T-Mobile, but don't count on it
b EUR/USD: A Few fibos to watch
e The Voice Recap: The Live Performances – Live Stream, Start Time, TV Info, and  ...
m Dark Chocolate Could Ease Poor Leg Circulation, Study Says
e 'Game of Thrones' Season Finale Recap: It's Father's Day in Westeros
m Vials of Smallpox Virus Found Unsecured at NIH
e Johnny Depp Confirms Amber Heard Engagement: My 'Chick's Ring' Is a 'Dead  ...
t Heartbleed: 900 social insurance numbers stolen from Canada Revenue Agency
b Ex-bosses convicted of bank plot
e 'Tammy' Is Bland and Forgettable, and Melissa McCarthy's Got No One to Blame  ...
e Emma Watson stuns in white gown at UK Noah premiere
e Destiny's Child Reunites to Sing About Jesus in Michelle Williams' 'Say Yes  ...
b Bulgaria ex-president for ITAR-TASS: South Stream project problems merely  ...
m Marijuana ups heart risk in adults
m Ebola virus reaches Guinea's capital Conakry
e Bryan Cranston Basically Scared a Girl Into Going to Prom With Someone  ...
t Microsoft takes on the 'free' OS
b Indian money in Swiss banks goes up to over Rs 14000 crore
b Reserve Bank keeps interest rates on hold
e Game of Thrones Season 4, Episode 3: Breaker of Chains
e 'Full House' star Dave Coulier weds in Montana
b Malaysia Airlines considering name change
t Twitter's new profile page focuses on images, popular tweets
e Ann B. Davis: Alice from 'The Brady Bunch' Led Christian Life
t Apple Proposes New Cloud-Based Video-Streaming Service
t GM's Mary Barra Back in Hot Seat with This Week's Senate Hearing
e Legendary Actress Ruby Dee Has Died
t Hello, Ice Ball: The Solar System's Newest Distant Member
e Joe Manganiello and Sofia Vergara Are Dating: Source
t Five possible landing spots chosen for Rosetta probe
b Fitch ups Portugal outlook to positive, close to investment grade
b Chinese billionaire's banquet backfires
e '22 Jump Street's' Phil Lord And Chris Miller rise above expectations
m Paralysis is no longer permanent: Spinal stimulation gets patients moving
t Fox Station Cuts Evolution out of Neil DeGrasse Tyson's Cosmos
e Who's Your Favorite Bachelor of All Time? Rank 'Em, Folks!
b Detroit strikes possible 2nd deal with its other retirees
t Android KitKat rolls out to UK HTC One handsets
b EUR/USD keeps the range after US data
m Flesh-eating bacteria in Florida saltwater kills 10, hospitalizes 32, TV-station  ...
b MH17 crash: Malaysia Airlines crew reel after disasters
b Chinese billionaire's plan to help homeless gets lost in translation
b 6 killed in house fire in Newark, New Jersey
e Juan Pablo Galavis Picks A Leading Lady, Makes 'Bachelor' Awkward To Last  ...
m E-cigarettes must be regulated, say experts
e Karen Gillan talks shaving off her hair
b Health-plan deadline looms
e Actor Mickey Rooney remembered in Nebraska for his role in 'Boys Town' movie
e 'The Voice' Battles: Competition Heats Up As Adams Steals From Shakira
b IMF throws Ukraine a lifeline
m Researchers uncover clues to deadly 1918 flu pandemic
b This guy knew when Obamacare enrollment would hit 5M before anyone else  ...
b Mortgage titans' earnings solid as market healing
e WATCH | Storm chaser captures great video of mama bear saving cub
b State geologists in Ohio link seismic activity to fracking
t Our Opinion: Global warming is a local issue
b Serious doubts emerge about data used in Thomas Piketty's Capital
t Apple Unveils Cheaper 21.5-Inch iMac
e Leaked video shows Jay Z getting attacked in elevator by Beyonce's sister
e Robert De Niro Crashed a Random Party to Watch the World Cup
b UK Inflation Rate Falls to 1.6%, Lowest in Four Years
e Kim Kardashian Has Curves For Days In Tight Top And Skirt
e Lindsay Lohan says she had a miscarriage
b Bull market celebrates 5th birthday; fourth-longest run for S&P 500 stocks since  ...
t At the Electronic Entertainment Expo, not everyone diving headfirst into virtual  ...
b Durable goods rise but capital spending plans weak
t Former Obama Tech Czar: “Fast Lanes” Consistent with Net Neutrality
b North Chicago's AbbVie, Britain-based Shire agree on $55B combination
b Fyffes Agrees to Merger With Chiquita
e Amazon Unveils Amazon Music, a New Ad-Free Streaming Service
e New: Michael Jackson, "Do You Know Where Your Children Are?"
e Ariana Grande, Debby Ryan, and more stars stunned at the 27th annual Kids  ...
b Price of food and transport has dropped
t Facebook Inc A Better Partner Than Apple Inc.: Oculus Co-founder
e Brad Pitt Takes on All the Nazis with One Tank in the Trailer for 'Fury'
b Honda's quarterly net profit jumps 19.6% to US$1.4b
b Letter: FairTax would keep Burger King from going across the border
b Microsoft makes big break from tradition with Office for iPad
b Nationwide, sales of new homes fell 3.3 percent in February
b Yum's China restaurant sales jump as KFC bounces back
e Nazi-looted art hoarder dies
e Watch this Supercut of Melissa McCarthy's Raunchiest, Most Shocking Movie  ...
e Catching Up With Jack Reynor and Nicola Peltz on Transformers: Age of Extinction
b Expect German ZEW Index To Increase To 33.1
b China's Alibaba could raise billions in IPO
t More affordable Office 365 now comes in Personal edition
e Mickey Rooney dead at 93 | 04.07.14
e Dylan's 'Like a Rolling Stone' draft sells for $2M - WFSB 3 Connecticut
e Not So Drunk In Love? 50 Cent Reacts To Beyonce NOT Defending Jay Z In  ...
m Tootsie Roll e-cigarettes? Not so fast, makers told
e Game of Thrones Season 4 Episode 5 Recap: Long May He Reign!
e Josh Kaufman Slays With "Set Fire To The Rain" on The Voice Finale (VIDEO)
m Comatose Fresno woman reportedly gives birth to boy
t Ford unveils Power Wheels F-150 for toddlers, expects strong sales
m Common Drug Improves Blood Flow in Muscular Dystrophy
t 'We are in the process of monetisation in India'
b How Putin won big in China
b HOME PRICES UNEXPECTEDLY FALL FOR THE FIRST TIME SINCE  ...
e Ron Howard to direct documentary about the Beatles
t Flightless dino-bird wore full-body feathers
e DANCING WITH THE STARS: RECAP FOR MAY 12, 2014
t Google acquires streaming music service
e Matthew Weiner Reveals Nothing About "Mad Men" at PaleyFest
b European Carmakers Volkswagen and Fiat in Talks for Mega Merger
b Bottom Line: Pharma deal must be a two-way tonic
e VIDEO: 'Transformers' Prevails As New Films Fizzle Over July 4
t Volvo announces XC90 will support Android Auto
t Brand New Camelopardalid Meteor Shower Could Outdo Perseid, but Will We  ...
b IMF Says European Banks Had Up to $300 Billion Subsidy
b IATA: Partnerships and Global Standards A global mindset for commercial  ...
m Brazile: GOP: Let them eat whatever
b Financial Planner Near Top Of Dream Job List; Journalist Bottom
b Vodafone agrees 7.2 billion euro deal to buy Ono
t DNA study: Bigfoot hair samples mostly from bears, wolves
m Yawning cools brain, improves efficiency
b Royal Dutch Shell Q1 Profit Falls - Quick Facts
b BoJ Keeps Policy Unchanged; Lifts Capital Spending Outlook
m Florida health officials warn of deadly vibrio bacteria
m First person-to-person MERS transmission reported in US
b GBP/USD challenging 1.6600
e You Won't See Channing Tatum's 'Jupiter Ascending' This Year
e Records exonerate 'X-Men' director, attorney says
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Mini Officially Revealed With Fingerprint Scanner and Heart  ...
m Google Wants to Index and Optimize Your Body
b Pfizer walks away from £69bn AstraZeneca takeover bid
e Director Edgar Wright Exits Ant-Man After Eight Years
m Screws Tightened At Entry Points to Ward Off Ebola
t Minecraft creator explains Oculus Rift snub after Facebook buyout
b Radar echoes, new imagery in search for plane
e Mad Men Season 7 Premiere Episode: Where to Watch Online Live Stream
e HBO Shows Are Coming to Amazon Prime
e BABY BOY JOY! 'Goddess' Olivia Wilde and Jason Sudeikis welcome son
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Prime spotted: Quad HD screen, Snapdragon 805
b PRECIOUS-Gold steady, seen vulnerable after strong US jobs data
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West set to wed 'this weekend at Kris Jenner's home'
b Eurozone Inflation Rises Less Than Expected
e George RR Martin says fuck you to fans who say he'll die before completing the  ...
t BBM At “Extremely Small' Risk from Heartbleed on iOS and Android According to  ...
t Does T-Mobile really “need” a Sprint merger to be competitive?
t Facebook lab working on drones to beam the Internet from the sky
b Wall Street Slumps, But Still Posts Weekly Gain
t Strange light on Mars - Could There Possibly Be Life On Mars?
b These Charts Explain Why Google Missed, Sending The Stock Tanking
t Apple Offering Free Battery Replacement for Select iPhone 5 Phones
t Gamers, Tech Fans Try to Guess What Facebook Is Really Planning with Oculus  ...
b Amazon.com to acquire comiXology for undisclosed sum
b Russian says military moving away from Ukraine
e Forever Young! Bey & Jay Get Lost In The Moment During “On The Run  ...
m Double mastectomy unnecessary for most women reports new study
b Stock market pulls back as bond rally continues to surprise
b Tech sector losses break S&P's 6-day streak
b Brian Cornell named new Target CEO
e Jay Z, LA Mayor Eric Garcetti to Announce Music Festival
t Limited Edition Gold Galaxy S5 available from T-Mobile, May 30
e In Defense Of “Game of Thrones”
e Meryl Davis and Maksim Chmerkovskiy Dancing With The Stars Season 18  ...
e NYC Mayor Sings 'I Love LA' on 'Jimmy Kimmel Live'
e Video surfaces of Charlie Sheen 'hammered' at Taco Bell drive-thru
t IBM to offer iPads and iPhones for business users
m West Africa Ebola outbreak grows by 47 cases, 14 deaths
t St. Louis area poised to get faster internet speeds
b for consumers: Interest Rates Improve on Home Loans
b FTC calls for Congress to regulate companies that mine your...
e Could Juan Pablo be the most controversial bachelor yet?
t Google Now Emerges Bleary Eyed onto the Chrome Stable Channel.
b AOL, Inc. (AOL) Stock Nose Dives On Earnings Miss
e Jessica Simpson Reportedly to Get Married This Weekend
m Montco. Reminds Residents About West Nile Virus Season
t Amazon '3D' Smartphone Latest: Features, Release Date And Price
b AstraZeneca plc Rejects Pfizer's $120B Offer; AZN Stock Sinks (AZN, PFE)
b Pre-Market: Procter & Gamble Beats Estimates; Chinese Manufacturing Declines  ...
b US new home sales at six-year high
e Good Friday 2014: Date, History and Traditions
e Zachary Levi, Missy Peregrym married in secret wedding
b Bank of England may never fully unwind money printing, says Mark Carney
e Tons Of Stars Say Goodbye To Chelsea Handler On Final Episode Of 'Chelsea  ...
t NASA is Testing Out a Supersonic "Flying Saucer" -- Watch Live on UStream  ...
b U.S. stocks head lower in midday trading Friday
b UPDATE 3-Wal-Mart sales growth weakest in 5 years, outlook disappoints
e Kanojia: Aereo lets consumers 'think outside the cable bundle'
m Skepticism grows over STAP cell reports in scientific circles
m Where did the mysterious MERS virus come from?
e Shooting at Nightclub After 2014 BET Awards, T-Pain, Busta Rhymes + More  ...
b EUROPEAN OPENING NEWS INCLUDING GBP held onto gains against its  ...
e Bryan Singer Hit With 2nd Teen Sex Assault Suit
e Homeland Actor James Rebhorn Has Died After Battling Skin Cancer
t NASA has built a Satellite that can Measure CO2 levels from Space
e Kanye West Is All Smiles Arriving At Cannes Lion's International Festival of  ...
t Unboxing the HTC One (M8) [Video chat]
e Eminem to release 'Headlights' video on Mother's Day; view YouTube preview  ...
b Fox is rejected in making unsought initial offer to buy Time Warner for $76B
t Amazon smartphone on way
e The Best of Summer 2014: 'Dawn of the Planet of the Apes'
b US Bank Quotes 30 yr FRM at 4.500%, 15 yr FRM from 3.500% (March 20)
b Sterling hurt by debate over Carney's "flip-flap"
b US regulators to finalize 6 percent leverage rule for biggest banks
e 'GTA 5' PS4, Xbox One & PC Release Date, Gameplay & Trailer: Lindsay Lohan  ...
e Madonna Shows Long Armpit Hair In New Instagram Pic
e Wiz Khalifa Marijana Arrest on Twitter: Rapper Busted, Takes Selfie in Jail; New  ...
e Paul Mazursky has died at the age of 84 Writer and director Paul Mazursky has  ...
e ALS ice bucket challenge: Heartfelt story behind Joe Girardi's video
b Wal-Mart Enters Money Transfer Business
e WATCH: Majesty Rose Belts Out "Let It Go" From Frozen on American Idol (VIDEO)
b SOMERSET COUNTY: United Way might be able to help with last-minute tax filing
t Lawmaker Slams Wheeler's Fast-Lane Proposal
t 47 Percent Of Americans Wouldn't Last A Day Without Their Smartphones
e VMAs left much to be desired, still entertaining
b New-Home Sales Plunge to Eight-month Low in March
t Google plans to open first retail store in NY City
m Nope, not a placebo: Study eyes chocolate-based pills for heart health
t 5 new species of armoured spiders found in Chinese caves
t Urban air quality from all over the world gone worse
e Pippa Middleton: I felt bullied in the limelight
b Wal-Mart earnings suffer post-winter chill
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Mini With 4.5-inch Display Up for Pre-Order
e 'Scandal' Star's Arrest Could Mean Big Punishment for Him ... & Viewers
b China's Achilles' Heel in the South China Sea
t 17 UK arrests linked to malware which captured nude pictures of Miss Teen USA
t Microsoft: No Further Updates To Windows 8.1…Unless…
t Samsung Announces a Handful of new Low-End Android Smartphones
b Oil price: Iraq violence keeps Brent near 9-month high
b McDonald's game plan to win back customers
m Son says Charlotte-based missionary fighting Ebola
b Priceline Buys OpenTable for $2.6 Billion
t Vessyl, a connected cup that's too good to be true?
e 'Guardians of the Galaxy' Opens Huge, Scores Biggest Thursday Evening  ...
e Sofia Vergara Talks About Filming Modern Family In Australia
b Six-day winning streak for US stocks
b REALTORS: Existing-Home Sales Remain Soft in March
e David Letterman Quits Over Jimmy Fallon?
e Kim Kardashian Bought Kanye West Monopoly For His Birthday
e Lindsay Lohan Suing The Makers Of Popular Videogame 'Grand Theft Auto' For  ...
t 2014 Mercedes-Benz B-Class Electric Drive Priced From $41450
b Wounded Ukraine Mayor Airlifted to Israel
m NEW INFORMATION: Testimony begins in Wisconsin abortion trial
t Windows 8.1 With Bing Announced, Coming To OEMs Later This Year
b EUR/GBP Fundamental Analysis June 25, 2014 Forecast
b Target bans open carry guns in stores
m Busting the Myths About Ebola is Crucial to Stop Virus Transmission in Guinea
e American Idol RECAP– Janelle Monae Performs!
b MH370 wreckage may have been located by newly released Chinese satellite  ...
b Draghi, ECB Play the Waiting Game
e As 'Game of Thrones' surpasses 'Sopranos,' gets set for season finale, a look at  ...
t BlackBerry will bring thousands of apps from Amazon's store...
b Brent drops below $114, Iraq oil data eases supply worries
b Orbital, ATK's Aerospace & Defense Groups Collaborate
m How India Put an End to Polio
m Bill Aims to Restrict The Age Limit to Purchase E-Cigarettes
t Sony Warns Of Laptop Battery Issue
t How Google declared open war against passwords at I/O
e 'It's about the music, real music'
e 'How I Met Your Mother' meets its end
t Oracle looks to boost growth with biggest deal in five years
b Sun Pharma to acquire Ranbaxy in $4 billion all-stock deal
m Relay for Life off to strong start
t Governments urged to ensure trillionth tonne of carbon is never emitted
e 'The Little Mermaid' Live Action Movie Release Date & Cast Updates: Sofia  ...
b MARKET SNAPSHOT: US Stocks: Futures Dip With Morgan Stanley, Russia In  ...
b Danske Daily: Slight Decline Expected For US Durable Goods Orders
b Foreigners sell Korean stocks for 5th straight month
t Debating warming: Heed the alarm or else
b Marathon Petroleum to Buy Hess Retail Arm
t Mites Beat Cheetahs as the World's Fastest Land Animal
m The Affordable Care Act
m Smoking bans cut premature births and child asthma attacks 0
t WHO finds Indian cities have dirtiest air; Chinese data foggy
b US producer prices fall 0.2% in May
m US autism estimate rises to 1 in 68 children
t Heartbleed: Coder responsible for 'catastrophic' bug says it can be 'explained  ...
t Microsoft Office Comes to iPad
e July 4th starts early at the box office
m Medical marijuana rules get Illinois committee OK - News and Weather For The  ...
m Pakistan's failure to fight polio sparks global emergency response
m CORRECTION number of Ebola confirmed deaths in Sierra Leone
t Amazon launches a home barcode scanner called Dash
b Citigroup agrees to settlement in mortgage crisis role
m E-cigs vs. tobacco: Here's where to find value, pro says
e Kim Kardashian - Kim Kardashian shares wedding photos
t You can forget about buying a new Nike FuelBand
b Recall wipes out GM profits
b Ronald McDonalds tout Taco Bell
e Watch Homer Simpson perform the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge
b Yellen says Fed easy money needed even after recovery
t THE NEWS WRAP: Sony follows Microsoft lead and unveils PlayStation strategy  ...
b New boss for Target Canada, more US shuffles
b Netflix moves Europe HQ
e Shailene Woodley can fall in love with men or women
e Dakota Fanning and Elizabeth Olsen try to lose their virginity in the Very Good  ...
b Hollande facing KO after far-right Euro triumph
b American Apparel board rejects demand to meet Charney: source
m Texas hospitals continue work to reduce hospital acquired infections
t San Francisco supervisor proposes city smartphone kill switch law
e Rolling Stones' Keith Richards is Writing a Book for Kids
e Bryan Singer facing new sex abuse allegations
e Steve Perry joins Eels on stage, sings live for first time in nearly two decades  ...
t New jury makes Samsung uneasy
t US Organizations Falling Behind in Fight Against Cyber Crime, Study Says
e Tracy Morgan's Condition Improving
t Nintendo Developing New Consoles, Tackling NFC Figures And Companion Apps
b Euro to US Dollar (EUR/USD) Exchange Rate regains ground as IMF  ...
b Fannie-Freddie Bill Clears Hurdle
b Report: Default On Schilling Company-Related Debt Would Push RI To Junk-
m UK Health Authorities Say Second US MERS Case Flew Via London
e 'Mad Men' season 7 episode 4: 'The Monolith'
e Mad Men Review: “The Strategy” (Season 7, Episode 6)
b Pacific Gas and Electric charged in fatal 2010 pipeline explosion
t MLB.com At Bat adds Chromecast support, lets you enjoy the game on the big  ...
e Exclusive Clip From James Franco's Child of God
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Costs $256 To Build: Teardown Report
t Microsoft Beats Apple to the Punch With 12-Inch Surface Pro 3
e Extant Review: Welcome Home
t 'Google Fit' health service coming: report
e Lyons on Mad Men: Ginsberg Was Always Struggling — He's a Martian, After All
t Google I/O 2014: Will it beat Apple's WWDC by unveiling new hardware?
b GRAINS-Soybeans fall for 7th day; corn dips as US crops thrive
e How I Met Your Mother: Everything You Need to Know Before the Finale
e Follow in their footsteps! Tourism Ireland to produce guide to Kim Kardashian  ...
t Twitter now lets you share up to four photos in a single Tweet
e Take that Charlie! Rihanna ignores Sheen's comments over her outfits as she  ...
e Pharrell Williams named as coach on 'The Voice'
t Final Text for Europa Instrument Investigation released as Appendix O of  ...
b Euro hits new 3-month low, sterling falls
m Lifestyle choices main factor in cancer: doctor
b Medicare's financial health improving
e VIDEO: First look at the trailer for Fury, Brad Pitt's new Second World War film
t HTC All New One to launch today, here's what we know so far
e Fandom Flashback: 'Veronica Mars'
b US stares at more stimulus cuts
b US economy shows some muscle, housing still weak
b Morgan Stanley Reiterates On BlackRock As Flows Shift To Higher Fee Products
m Mandate may hurt cheese businesses
e A Special Guest Crashed Our 'Tammy' Unscripted and the Results Are Adorable
b New York AG To File Securities Fraud Lawsuit Against Barclays: Source
b BlackBerry Beats On Earnings, Misses On Revenue
b 25000 Jeep Grand Cherokee, Dodge Durango SUVs recalled over brake feel
b HSBC report downgrades Hong Kong over protests
m E-cigarettes: Shocking 'historic rules' for electronic cigarettes by FDA coming
e Lea Michele Posts Tribute to Cory Monteith
e Could a 'Game of Thrones' movie be in the cards? George R.R. Martin says yes
t Smartphone price war escalates as T-Mobile debuts $100 four-line plan
e Woah, HBO Just Renewed Lisa Kudrow's 'The Comeback'
e 'Noah' Floats To Top Of Box Office With $44 Million Opening Weekend
b Iraq Violence Raises Gold Prices: Weekly Gold ETF Update
t Scientists unveil dinosaur dubbed the chicken from hell - CBS 3 Springfield  ...
b Facebook Acquires LiveRail In Pursuit of TV Ad Dollars
e 'Sandy, I'm sorry' suspected stalker screamed after getting into Sandra Bullock's  ...
e The First Day Of Spring Has Us Really, Really Happy
e Miley Cyrus gets emergency restraining order against obsessive fan
m 8 confirmed cases of mumps at New Jersey college
e Benedict Cumberbatch to Take On Bulger Role in 'Black Mass'
e Alice Cooper and Lou Reed guitarist Dick Wagner dies, aged 71
b Missing plane live: Search resumes for flight MH370 in Indian Ocean as weather  ...
e The Nazis stole my art
e Batman Prequel Series 'Gotham' Gets Greenlight From Fox
e Cannes Film Festival announces official 2014 competition lineup
e True Blood Season 7, Episode 10 “Thank You” Series Finale Review
t 'Everything is awesome' for US video game sales
e The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1 Trailer: President Snow's Panem Address
m Obamacare's insurance expansion save hundreds of lives in Massachusetts
e Lady Gaga's birthday outfit- a nude dress
e Obama on Ellen DeGeneres Selfie: 'I Thought It Was a Pretty Cheap Stunt' [Video]
b Rajan: turmoil in mkts if polls deliver unstable govt
b US says Asia trade pact plans not about isolating China
t Hacker's conviction tossed out on technicality
b China, Vietnam face off in South China Sea
b WWE Money In the Bank Predictions For Sunday's Event
t Supreme Court Rules Street View “Wiretapping” Class Action Can Proceed  ...
b Another BNP exec reportedly departs under US pressure
t Google Fiber says no to The 'Couv
t Blood Moon Eclipse to Wow US Sky Watchers
e Actress, activist Ruby Dee dies
t BlackBerry buys German anti-eavesdropping tool Merkel uses
e Zac Efron: Handsome Man, Hot Girl, New Movie
e Olivier Assayas on making an English language film and working with the  ...
t A Meteor Shower No One Alive Has Seen Before
b Amazon shares rise on strong earnings
b Barclays fined £26m for trader's gold price fix
b Amazon 'not optimistic' about ending standoff with Hachette soon
b Omnicom, Publicis call off proposed $35 billion merger - source
e Jay-Z allegedly attacked by Beyonce's sister Solange in NYC hotel elevator: report
b Detroit reaches deals with 2 pension funds, retiree group
e Tori Spelling breaks silence on Dean McDermott cheating scandal
e Neil Young pitches for the Pono, an iPod rival
e New Details of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's Wedding Revealed!
e 'Bachelorette' Nick Viall Talks About His Intimate Experience With Andi Dorfman
e Alexander Skarsgard, Ryan Kwanten get steamy on True Blood
e Zara Removes "Offensive" T-Shirt
m News digest April 10 2014
e Lorde Seems Shocked At Her VMA Nominations
e Kim Kardashian: Baby #2 on the Way Soon?
e Avicii recovering from gallbladder and appendix surgery
e Don't Despair, Pray for Nigeria—Oshiomhole
e “Orphan Black” Renewed for Season 3; 10 More Episodes Coming
e Teaser Poster for The Walking Dead Season 5
t Welcome Phil Spencer, Microsoft's New Xbox-Everything Honcho
e Taylor Swift on the Music Industry: "It's Not Dying...It's Just Coming Alive"
m Texas confirms first case of mosquito-borne virus
e Jameson Stories: leaving for Ireland
b Lime shortage hits bars and restaurants
t Facebook Targets Zambia With Free App
b Kin of MH 370 Families Ready to Counsel Relatives of MH 17 Victims
m Children of Holocaust survivors 'learn' fear from mothers: researcher
m Polio's spread declared threat
e The November Man is the James Bond movie Roger Donaldson never got to make
e Case closed: The end of 'True Detective'
m Sarepta Therapeutics: Keep on Climbing
t HTC One M8 Teardown Shows the Smartphone One of the Hardest to Repair
b Chinese tycoon treats New York's homeless to fancy lunch
e Jackie Jackson Was 'Teary Eyed' Watching Brother Michael's Hologram
m CDC report faults agency for lax attitude toward safety
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Mini announced - coming to the UK soon!
t 11 cars you'll be able to buy one day
e Robin Thicke names upcoming album 'Paula' after estranged wife Paula Patton
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West To Marry This Weekend — Report
e ABC News Announces Major Change for the Evening News
b Starbucks Dips Into Burger Business
e Is Game of Thrones Any Bloodier than England and Scotland's Middle Ages?
t Pace Egg Pay
m Heavy metal headbanger develops bleeding brain
e ABC renews 'Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.,' picks up new Marvel series 'Agent Carter'
e The Premiere Of Miley Cyrus's 'Bangerz Tour' TV Special Receives Low Ratings
b A share-buying frenzy that defies logic
t Climatologists Get Together for Five-Day Conference in Japan
t Google Buys Drone Manufacturer Titan Aerospace
t Apple Confirms WWDC 14 Keynote Address Will Be Streamed Live
b Gazprom cuts off gas supplies to Ukraine, asks for advance payment
b Rapid Growth in Number of Seniors Who Pay Tax on Social Security Benefits  ...
b Scientific Games Acquisition Conference Call At 8:30 AM ET
b Airlines set to take delivery of 1400 new aircraft worth $150bn in 2014: I...
t Watch Out, YouTube! The Yahoo Video Player Is Almost Here
e What Is Cinco De Mayo?
b Analysts divided on Target's new CEO
b Late slide erases an early gain in US stocks
t Microsoft to cut 1351 Puget Sound jobs today
e Movie review: 'Moms' Night Out'
b Jets nearly collided at Newark airport, NTSB reports
e Music aside, Aretha Franklin is pumped for fair food
e Gold standard: Celebrated animated films
b AG files lawsuits alleging student loan debt scams - WREX.com – Rockford's  ...
b Weak inflation puts further pressure on the ECB
t Fabien Cousteau honors grandfather with test of underwater colony
b HTC back in the black with 2Q14 results
t Bigfoot is Not Real: Oxford Researchers
e Is Terry Richardson A Creep? Photographer Denies Pedophile, Sexual  ...
e Celine Feels Airport Guy's Pain
e Don't be a muppet, read this week's Time Out Magazine
b Kremlin to decide on whether to congratulate Poroshenko after official election  ...
t Samsung's New Galaxy Tab S Tablet
t GM adds 218000 subcompact Aveo cars to recall list
b BSkyB in talks to expand in Europe
e 'SNL': Andrew Garfield Faces the Wrath of "The Beygency"
e Beyonce And Jay Z's World Tour: Bieber Mugshots, Booty Suits And Blue Ivy
e THE BACHELORETTE: AFTER THE FINAL ROSE RECAP & VIDEO
b Malaysia Airlines believes co-pilot of missing plane spoke final words to ground  ...
e Sherlock: Season Four and Special for BBC One Series
b Poughkeepsie-bound Metro-North train strikes, kills railroad employee on tracks  ...
e Mila Kunis: 'Dads-to-be, stop saying 'We're pregnant': VIDEO
b Elections to be Held October 5, Parliament Dissolves August 6
t Sprint Lights Up 17 New 4G LTE Markets
t Tesla: 4 Reality Checks For Bulls To Consider (TSLA)
e 'Star Wars' museum is coming to Chicago
b Coca-Cola Says It Will Drop Controversial Ingredient From All Products
e Kevin Bacon has signed up for the film Black Mass
t Paris bans cars, trucks from city to stave off smog
t Google Android Wear: Everything You Need to Know
m 1 in 20 adult outpatients misdiagnosed, study reports
t UPDATE 1-BlackBerry wins court order against TV host Ryan Seacrest's Typo
e Beyonce and Jay Z unveil wedding footage
e Taylor Swift wins restraining order against male stalker
b London Stock Exchange's acquisition of Frank Russell gets thumbs-up
b Bank of America Earnings Hit By Mortgage-Related Legal Fees
e The Voice recap: Great Fiery Wrecking Balls
e Kickstarter booted up 'Veronica Mars'
b Why SunPower (SPWR) Stock Is Gaining Today
e Justin Bieber Wants To Be An Underwear Model Now
b Taco Bell Ups Ante Against McDonald's in New Breakfast Ad
b Lockheed Wins $914M Air Force 'Space Fence' Radar Production Contract
t US won't see another full lunar eclipse until 2019
t Watch: Google's Pokemon April Fool prank just won the internet hands down
b Bank of America to pay $9.3 billion to settle Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac claims
b Dow Rallies to Record High, While Apple Jumps on Deal News
e Dancing with the Stars Recap: Cody & Witney Out (4/14/14)
m Pricy cancer treatments push up patient costs
b FDA approves inhalable form of insulin
t Tesla confirms Model III compact executive car for 2017
e Hill apologises for gay slur
b Cupcake Meltdown In NYC, Crumbs To Close All Locations
e Jessie J, Ariana Grande and Nicki Minaj Just Dropped Their 'Bang Bang' Video
e Ann B. Davis - actress who played beloved housekeeper 'Alice' on TV show  ...
e 'True Blood' Season 7 Spoilers: Eric Returns, Reunites With Pam
t Apple's iOS 8 'lifted'
t Join webcast on life under the sea
t iPhone 6 and next generation iPads to include Apple's Touch ID fingerprint sensor
m UN says ending Aids is possible by 2030
e 'Tammy' movie review: Wham! 'Tamm'! No thank you ma'am!
b WWE Money in the Bank statistics (Video)
t GM to move Cadillac SRX production to Tenn. from Mexico
b Target Q1 Earnings Fall 14.6% On Data Breach, Canadian Unit Losses
t Bungie Releases The Only 'Destiny' Trailer You Should Watch
e Gwyneth Paltrow wants another boyfriend post split?
e Idris Elba and his make-up artist girlfriend Naiyana Garth welcome their first child
e Selena Gomez gets new tattoo, in Arabic!
e The Beatles: 'A Hard Day's Night' 50th Anniversary Release
e George Clooney engaged to attorney Amal Alamuddin, 36
e Paul Walker's brothers to help finish Fast & Furious
b 2 trends Janet Yellen calls 'disturbing'
e Box Office: 'Divergent' Jump Starts Franchise With $56 Mil Opening, While  ...
m Painkiller prescription rates vary in states
b Vermont moves to require labeling of GMO foods
e Alicia Keys Announces 2nd Pregnancy on Instagram
e Box-Office Analysts: Zac Efron Poised to Defeat Spider-Man
b Alibaba Posts 5th Straight Quarterly Profit Gain Ahead Of Imminent IPO
t Climate change puts world's food supply at risk: UN science panel
t 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch iPhone 6 could launch at same time after all
b GM Recalls 3.4M More US Cars For Ignition Problems
t Apple Video Highlights The Apps People Can't Live Without
t GM Victim Compensation Program: If Airbags Deployed, Don't Bother Filing
b SanDisk Buys Fusion-io Cheap, Forced Losses for Many Fusion-io Holders
b Business Highlights
b Janet Yellen says Fed reviewing regulations
e Aw, geez, 'Fargo' is on TV with Billy Bob Thornton
e Kylie and Kendall Jenner spoof Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's Vogue cover
t Japan 'disappointed' at whaling loss
b Deflation risk: What will Europe do?
b BK's Big Deal Could Bring The King To Canada, Controversy Close Behind
t Titanosaur, largest dinosaur ever, is discovered in Argentina
t Yahoo Reports Earnings Miss For Q2, Stock Rises On Alibaba Payoff (YHOO)
b Daniel Schwartz: The whiz-kid who will lead Burger King-Tim Hortons
m MERS patient discharged from Orlando hospital
b Shutdown of social media 'cannot be approved,' President Gül writes on Twitter
e 'Dancing With the Stars': Meryl and Maks crowned champions of Season 18
t Driverless cars set to cruise through UK by next year
t Google tries NSA proof Gmail
e Benedict Cumberbatch may replace Guy Pearce in 'Black Mass'
e Dean McDermott Cheated On Tori Spelling Because Sex Every 14 Days Wasn't  ...
e Robert Downey Jr. Posts The First Official Image From The Set Of 'Avengers: Age  ...
t Phil Spencer Regrets "Sugar-Coating" Xbox One Reveal Controversy
t Latest Samsung 'Wall Huggers' Ad Ridicules iPhone's Poor Battery Life
t Microsoft requires Office 2013 licensing for some non-Windows devices
b IPO Report: King Digital Entertainment (KING)
e Bryan Singer's Alleged Teen Sexual Abuse May Be Exposed in Amy Berg's On  ...
t Apple iOS 7.1 Update Including CarPlay Available Now
b Va.'s jobless rate falls to 5 pct in January
t 377 strains of bacteria hitched a ride to Mars on Curiosity
t myChat messenger app makes its Windows Phone debut
t UK Charts:Titanfall Claims First Place, Dark Souls II Enters At Second
m Aspirin benefits only some colorectal cancer patients
t Ford recalls vehicles over...
t Minutes before blastoff, Russia scrubs launch of new rocket
b Trade Gap Shrinks as U.S. Exports Rise by Most in Nine Months
e Lifetime's TRUE TORI Premieres to 1.2 Million Viewers
t MediaTek MT6795 64-bit octa-core chipset announced for high-end  ...
e 'Frozen' Star Kristen Bell Goes Back to 'Mars'
e UPDATE 1-'Neighbors' knocks 'Spider-Man' from US box office perch
e Duke Porn Star Belle Knox: 'I Craft My Scenes Off Of What Turns Me On'
e (SPOILERS) 'Game of Thrones' Season Four Finale Sparks Social Buzz
e Chris Messina Plays A Cheat & Dianna Agron Cries In Sam Smith's 'I'm Not The  ...
b US top court denies Teva Pharmaceutical stay in Copaxoneatent fight
e Gwen Stefani in Talks to Join NBC's 'The Voice'
b Rise of the stay-at-home mother: How more immigrants and fewer jobs is forcing  ...
e 'American Idol' will welcome back Jennifer Lopez, Keith Urban, and Harry  ...
e Violent scuffle as Brad Pitt is 'struck in the face' by serial red carpet prankster  ...
b Portland's Househappy raises more cash for real estate listings portal
m A test for Alzheimer's: Not as simple as it sounds
e 'Star Wars: Episode VII' Casts 'Doctor Who' Alum
e Richard Branson and Virgin boycott Brunei-owned hotels over 'stone of gays'
m Cleaning yields forgotten smallpox
t Find out what Google is launching in the UK with our live blog
e Jennifer Lawrence Knew You Were Going To Think Her Oscars Trip Was An Act
b Ryanair launching business class perks
t Apple Inc. (AAPL) iPhone 6 prompts Chinese tech sector hiring binge
b Forget inventory issues, better prices may be in store at Target Canada
t Samsung And Apple Are Due To Begin Their Second Trial Surrounding Patent  ...
e Scandal Finale Recap: Olivia's Escape and Shocking Election Results
e Community, Country and Loved Ones Remember Maya Angelou
b RBI holds repo rate steady at 8%, as expected
t Money Minute: Apple Shares Set to Shine; Travel Looking Up
b Domestic demand lifts German economy in first quarter
e Edge of Tomorrow risks summer blockbuster fatigue
t Walmart Cuts Price of Apple iPhone 5S, 5C
e Shigeru Ban, Japanese Disaster-Response Architect, Wins 2014 Pritzker  ...
b California drought forcing salmon to migrate via truck [w/video]
m WHO urges nations: Wipe out...
b Alibaba Finally Files For IPO, Yahoo A Big Loser In The Deal
b Have Low Mortgage Rates Set the Stage for Inflation?
b Coldwater Creek files for bankruptcy; stores to close
b Libyan parliament dismisses PM
b Vietnam stifles new demonstrations as China evacuates 3000 in wake of oil rig  ...
b MAS receives notice of Khazanah nasional's de-listing proposal
e Jason Bateman, Tina Fey Are Siblings in 'This Is Where I Leave You' Trailer
b Record high for US stock market
t Scientists declare Antarctic glacier doomed, Florida will drastically shrink
e Baby or wedding first for Mila and Ashton? | DailyDish
e Lupita Nyong'o Is Named People Magazine's 'Most Beautiful' Person: Did They  ...
e Autumn is a star in the making
m Marijuana Use in US Grows as Perceived Risks Decline
b U.S. Dollar Holds Steady Just Before Yellen Makes Her Speech at IMF
e Torture Porn with Better Timing: Tammy
m 25 minutes of meditation cures stress for long period
e For art's sake
b Eleven miners trapped underground after landslide in Honduran gold mine
b Big Move Ahead as Euro's Fate Depends on Outcome of ECB Meeting
t Tonight's Uncarrier 5.0 event will be live-streamed [link]
e What Part Of The Game Is This: L&HH ATL's Stevie J Takes Creepy Hospital  ...
m Recalls: Wristbands, decorations
b US initial unemployment claims rise by 2K to 315K in June 28 week
b FOMC Statement In Focus Even As Markets May Cherish GDP Data
m Fruits, Veggies May Cut Stroke Risk
t GM recalling 512000 Camaros
m Reactions Vary to USDA's Poultry Inspection Rule
e Christopher Nolan on Why 'Great Gatsby' Worked, But 3D Isn't for Him
t Cheapest way to buy the Samsung Galaxy S5
t Renesas Surges After Report of Sales of Unit to Apple
t Asteroid will bring celestial threat to Northeast
e Superman Looks Like He Could Use an Umbrella
e Chipotle Adds Original Literature By Famous Authors To Its Packaging
t Could Google's Self-Driving Car Handle Boston's Busy Streets?
e Mick Jagger Sings Bob Dylan's 'Just Like A Woman' At L'Wren Scott's Memorial
b Time Warner's Time Inc. split set for June 6
b Colorado Gets First Pot Vending Machine
t What Do You Think Of Facebook's Slingshot?
t Twitter Buys Long-time Data Analytics Partner Gnip to Push Revenue
e Miley Cyrus hospitalized with "severe allergic reaction"
e E3 2014: Test Driving Batman's New Batmobile
e Exclusive: Anita Baker Says She's Being “Terrorized”
b Wearable camera maker GoPro's IPO priced at $24/share - underwriter
b Alcoa Inc Q2 Earnings Preview
e Gwen Stefani Set To Step In For Christina Aguilera As Judge On The Voice  ...
b Plane search expands from Australia to Kazakhstan - WNCN: News, Weather for  ...
b Public investment needed to boost stalling world growth: IMF chief Christine  ...
m Alcohol consumption killed 3.3 million in 2012: WHO report
e Erykah Badu Tries To Kiss News Anchor During Live TV Broadcast
e Beyonce and Jay Z: Strange bedfellows from the get-go?
e Bieber faces racist language claim
e Nikki Reed And Husband Paul McDonald Have Separated
e Grown Up Right: Keith Richards Recalls Childhood in Kids' Book
e Movie Review: "Get On Up"
t Satya Nadella's first act may be to launch Office for iPad
t April Fools 2014
b Alibaba has more sales than Amazon and eBay combined, but...
e Thai military government starts paying rice arrears after months of delays
t Three US states investigating eBay cyber attack
m Budget 2014-15: specific excise tax proposed to curb use of tobacco
m Anthrax probe: CDC finds more safety problems at bioterrorism lab
