b UPDATE 1-Allergan makes case against Valeant takeover ahead of higher bid
m Dr. Oz Tells Senate He Wants To Be Part of Solution
b UN declared Russia's annexation of Crimea 'illegal'
b HP to cut 11000 to 16000 more jobs, officials say
t Amazon ups the e-book ante with its Kindle Unlimited subscription offer
t Google preparing to launch 'Google Fit' to collect your health tracking data from  ...
b Inside the complexities of Alibaba's IPO
e Andrew Garfield on Spider-Man
b Australians say latest objects from jet search need to be checked
t Edward Snowden Tells SXSW He'd Leak Those Secrets Again
b CEO pay in US jumps past $10 million for first time
b Family Dollar To Halt Expanision Plans, Lower Prices, Close Stores
t Surface Mini accessories hit Amazon, hint at possible mid-May launch - but be  ...
b Object Found Possibly Related to Missing Plane
e Fox trims 'American Idol' hours, unveils Batman show
b NTSB faults pilot 'mismanagement' in Asiana flight - WAFB 9 News Baton Rouge  ...
b Orbital Sciences Corp (NYSE:ORB) CEO To Lead The New Bigger Business
e James Gunn Already Thinking About 'Guardians of the Galaxy 2′ And Its MCU  ...
t Google Glass to be banned from UK cinemas over piracy concerns
e Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Are Going to Extremes to Impress Wedding Guests
m Saudi Arabia reports 5 more MERS deaths
t Microsoft shows what happened behind the curtain at its Xbox E3 2014 events
m Study exposes myths related to water births
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Developer Edition Released For Verizon: $599.99 Price
e Scoop: EXTANT on CBS - Wednesday, July 23, 2014
e Movie Review: Faith-friendly comedy “Moms' Night Out” presses powerful  ...
e Justin Bieber Rolls "Burrito-Sized" Joint While Partying With Selena Gomez
e Hilary Duff Discusses New Album And 'Very Difficult' Divorce
b Average 30-year mortgage rate falls to 4.27%
b Google, Intel, IBM outlooks to trump earnings results
e HR Giger, Alien creator, dies at 74
t Microsoft May Be Prepping for Biggest Layoff Yet
b The end of the road for Pfizer's AstraZeneca bid.. or…?
e Fans in Kansas City react after Cyrus cancels concert
t Peoria Gas Prices Up Slightly
e Miranda Kerr: 'I Want To Explore' With Women
t BlackBerry to Buy Germany's Secusmart
b Lady Gaga Joins Save Our Water Effort with Public Service Announcement
e Wiz Khalifa released from jail
b Hong Kong stocks open 0.26% higher
m EARLIER: Exact Sciences Publish Results of DeeP-C Study in NEJM
b The 404: The 404 1478: Where we unlike an unfollow
e TV legend Barbara Walters retires joined by superstar friends on her final show
m 9 Meals 'Win' Awards for Unhealthy Nutrition
t GLOBAL TECH WRAP: Supersize iPhones in September — Bloomberg
t Manuel Noriega Is Suing 'Call of Duty' Publisher Activision For Portraying Him  ...
e Kristen Stewart and Anne Hathaway dress up as DUDES for hilarious new music  ...
m Lower back pain a crippling condition
t Jupiter Spot
e First "Jersey Boys" Trailer Airs April 17 on "Entertainment Tonight"; Film  ...
b Pennsylvania's unemployment rate drops to 6 percent in March, marking lowest  ...
b Satellites Align: Dish and DirecTV Could Be the Next Big Media Merger
b Asia stocks rise in abbreviated trading
t “Kill Switch” survives California Senate after all
e The Children Take Power in the Final Episode of Game of Thrones Season 4
t NASA launching 'flying saucer' Mars test from Hawaii
b Aussie Matches 2-Week High After RBA; Kiwi Rises 6th Day
t Don't Miss MotoGP Racing At Circuit Of The Americas This Weekend!
t Google, Microsoft, Facebook Fund Project to Stop Next Heartbleed
b Burger King has brewed up a whopping great tax avoidance problem
m St. Louis ranks 41st (of 50) in U.S. metro fit city index
b Jet to stop printing, change to digital app
t Share files securely with Send Anywhere
e Godzilla To Flop In China
b Bitcoin pusher gets busted by SEC
b Herbalife Reveals 1Q Beat, Shares Climb
e Brent Musburger loses Katherine Webb to A.J. McCarron: McCarron and Webb  ...
m Rankings show alcohol, STDs and mental health among Boone County's main  ...
t Honda Recall Ties 900000 Odyssey Minivans to Fire Risk
b East and West cultural differences are all down to FARMING, claims study
e LaBeouf seeks alcoholism treatment
t Chinese government bans Windows 8.1
e Review: All is not warm and fuzzy in Disney's 'Bears'
b Intel (INTC) Tops Q1 EPS by 1c
m MINNESOTA NEWS ROUNDUP: Minnesota tops for Senior Health
b Legal action by Washington, other states results in new EPA rules on power  ...
b Goldman Sachs brings its shareholders meeting to Irving
m Deadly superbugs survive on planes, study says
t Panasonic confirms will invest in $5 billion Tesla battery plant
t The all new HTC One will be exclusive to Verizon for a couple of weeks
m West Nile Virus on the Rise in Sacramento County
e Miley Cyrus Makes Joke About Date Rape at Nightclub Appearance
e 'Glee' star denies pregnancy on Tiwtter
e Kris Jenner in Paris: I'm HEREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!
b U.S. Auto Sales Jump in July
m Redditors Photoshop baby for grief-stricken dad
t SEE IT: NASA creates image of Earth using more than 36000 selfies from around  ...
m State Highlights: New York Faces $1.3B Medicaid Payback Problem
m StemCells, Inc. Announces Proposed $20 Million Offering
m MERS toll fuels public fear Riyadh vows transparency
e Johnny Depp Indirectly Confirms Amber Heard Engagement, Wears Diamond Ring
e Guardians of the Galaxy credits leak, and there's a big surprise at the end
e James Franco is a Great Teacher, 'Palo Alto' Director Gia Coppola Says
e Pope leads torch-lit Good Friday procession
t Heartbleed bug exposes OpenSSL project's meager resources
t Komodo Dragons Slink Back to the Bronx
e Sherri Shepherd's Ex Lamar Sally Wanted Strange Prenup Amendment
t PlayStation v Xbox: Has price cut and Titanfall launch closed the sales gap?
t SWEET RIDE
b UPDATE 3-Brent oil slips below $106.50, ample supplies outweigh Libya strife
e Scandal Season 4: Kerry Washington Wears Orange Dress at Emmys
b US Stock Futures Rise
b BlackBerry Results: A Mix of Good and Bad
e Killer's family tried to intervene before Santa Barbara rampage
m Organic fruits, vegetables may have 69 percent more antioxidants than  ...
b No, The VA Isn't A Preview Of Obamacare -- It's Much Worse
b UPDATE 1-US banks enjoy 'too-big-to-fail' advantage -Fed study
b Citigroup Inc. Denied $6.4 Billion Repurchase Plan and Dividend Increase
t John Oliver's Call To Action On Net Neutrality …
b CURRENCIES: Pound Below $1.70 As Rate-hike Timing Questioned
e 'True Blood' recap: 'I Found You'
b Taiwan's Travel Advisory In Vietnam Widened
t UN Climate Report Charts Ways to Halt Global Warming
m Your Health Matters: What you should know about MERS
e Chris Brown ordered to stay behind bars until April - full details
b Target asks customers not to bring guns into their stores
t How Sony could dominate the games industry with Project Morpheus and  ...
t MediaTek Realizes 480fps Full HD Super-Slow Motion on Smartphones
e Judd Apatow's Angry Tweets Nail What's Wrong With How the Media Covers  ...
e Bachelorette 2014 Episode 8 Spoiler Roundup: Who Makes it To Fantasy Suite  ...
b Bayer to buy Merck for $14.2B
e ALS Widow leads fire department in “Ice Bucket Challenge”
m State health officials monitoring for mosquito-borne virus
m 5 things to know for Wednesday May 28, 2014
e Cornelius Gurlitt, 'Nazi art hoarder', dies in Munich aged 81
b Wall Street to open slightly higher after claims data
m Male Infertility Linked to Higher Death Risk: Men with Sperm Abnormalities May  ...
t Qualcomm buys startup Wilocity to bring gigabit wireless to mobile phones
t UN panel warns India of severe food, water shortage
e Game of Thrones breaks piracy record
b National Bank of Greece Said to Plan EU2.1 Bln Capital Increase
t OKCupid, Facebook not alone in customer data manipulation
m Officials confirm MERS patient being treated in Orlando
e North Korea Threatens War On US Over Upcoming Seth Rogen Film
t Microsoft to Reportedly Lay Off Thousands, Will Include Xbox Marketing Division
t Snowden should be protected, says the inventor of the Internet
m Tran's right knee was crushed and her left dislocated, but her daughters were fine
e Is TV streaming illegal? Aereo and the high court
e Kanye West Plans Spoken Word Album
t Facebook heavily criticized for emotion experiment
t First Earth-sized planet found in 'habitable zone': NASA
t IFTTT For Android Makes It Official Debut On Google Play
t Sony Reveals PS4 Virtual Reality Headset "Project Morpheus"
b Obamacare deadline spurs enrollment flood
e Trib Talk: Battle of the Comic Cons?
t TweetDeck back in operation after security breach
e Trouble in paradise: Beyonce, Jay Z barely talking, claim
b Russia orders temporary closure of one more McDonald's restaurant
e Dave Bautista cautioned on cosmetics new
m Fried foods leads to obesity in people with genetic risk
m Study: Blood Proteins Signal Alzheimer's Is Coming
t NASA scrubs launch of carbon-monitoring satellite - KATV - Breaking News  ...
t Web inventor Tim Berners-Lee calls for digital “Magna Carta”
b Chinese Billionaire Treats Homeless to Central Park Luncheon
b Bank of America reports quarterly loss after $6bn in legal costs
e 'Game Of Thrones' Finale Leaves Out A Huge Storyline From The Books
e Versace kicks off Paris Fashion Week
e Gay Pride parades, festivals mark 45th anniversary of gay rights movement
t New Climate Change Report Warns of Dire Consequences
t Oculus Rift is being tested at Chuck E Cheese
b Millennial working parents happier than previous generations
m Report: Virginia Ranks 21st for Senior Health
t Apple Poaches Swiss Watch Exec for iWatch Launch
m MERS Virus Spread Person-to-person, CDC Says
e The Legend of Cinco de Mayo
e Jimmy Fallon And Maya Rudolph Improvise Characters Based On Unfortunate  ...
t Monday Moan: Releasing an 8GB iPhone 5c is not the answer
e Jack White drops new song 'High Ball Stepper,' sets date for new album 'Lazaretto'
b Toyota Motor Europe reports strong hybrid sales results
t Former Mozilla CMO Chris Beard comes on as interim CEO
e Bigger, more rarefied Coachella offers revelers creature comforts
e TV REVIEW: 'Under the Dome' Promises More Mysteries in Season Two
e 'Reading Rainbow' host LeVar Burton launches Kickstarter bid to fund online  ...
e Conan O'Brien: Stephen Colbert Was The 'Right Person' To Take Over  ...
b Gap reaffirms outlook, focused on overseas
e New Banksy Mural "Mobile Lovers" Appears in Britain
b HP's CEO Meg Whitman also named chairman
e Ray J's wedding gift to Kim Kardashian is the best gift ever
b Fancy freebies: Tycoon treats homeless to lunch
e Pamela Anderson: I was gang raped as a child
e 'Winter Sleep' wins Cannes top prize
t Iran Summons Zuckerberg Over Instagram, WhatsApp Complaints
b Obama: GOP to Blame for Looming Highway Crisis
b HBO and Amazon Prime strike deal for streaming
t Titanfall, PlayStation 4 Top April NPD Charts
b Schneiderman says e-book buyers getting credits
e Tim Lambesis of As I Lay Dying sentenced in murder plot
e 'Star Wars' cast announced, includes Adam Driver ('Girls), Oscar Isaac ('Inside  ...
b SC rejects Roy's plea for house arrest
m School of Pharmacy Research Links Hurricanes Katrina and Rita to Stillbirths
e Justin Bieber Detained at LAX Airport for Nearly 4 Hours: Is he on Homeland  ...
t Heartbleed bug bites Canada's tax agency
t Google will stop G+ forced integration, cutting divisions resources
b GM Profit Falls 82% Amid Recalls, but Beats Expectations -- Update
b Japan and Australia agree trade deal
b AAA: Despite high gas prices, record July 4 travel projected
b Scania AB share price drops, rejects Volkswagen's 6.7-billion-euro offer
b Fresh images of possible Flight MH370 debris
e One Direction, Ariana Grande win at Kids' Choice Awards
m Red Cross Responds to Ebola Outbreak
e It's Official Now! Jennifer Lopez, Harry Connick, Jr., Keith Urban & Ryan Seacrest  ...
e 'The Bachelorette' 2014 Spoilers: Who Was Sent Home In Episode 6? [RECAP]
t Volkswagen gives Jetta tech-driven refresh for 2015
e HBO's streaming service hit by glitches with 'True Detective' finale | The Republic
t Atmel, Broadcom, Dell, Intel, Samsung and Wind River Form IoT Consortium
t Apple mulls buyout of Japanese chip designer Renesas
t Samsung may be working on Galaxy S5 'Neo'
b J.C. Penney Company, Inc. (JCP) Upgraded To Buy By Citi
b Washington Redskins trademarks cancelled after name deemed 'disparaging' to  ...
m Salmonella outbreak linked to Mount Healthy hatchery
b Assessing Anthony Brown
b Taxing a Professor's Privilege
b Twitter Q2 earnings show $312 million revenue, 271 million active users
e No 'Social Network' Reunion for Steve Jobs Biopic
t Google rolls out Android 4.4.4 update for Nexus devices to fix Heartbleed bug
m Report says vaccines have a low risk of serious side effects
b P&G profit up 37 pct on cost cuts, higher home care sales
t Facebook's Slingshot app launches in the UK
b Alibaba investing $215mln to acquire stake in Tango app
t Update Galaxy S3 I9300 to Android 4.4.2 Fusion-SP Custom ROM - How to
t 13 GM traffic deaths tied to a 57-cent part
e Ben Affleck banned from Blackjack at Vegas casino
e Macaulay Culkin storms off stage at UK gig after fan interrupts kazoo solo
e Ryan Gosling Hits Cannes Photocall For His Directorial Debut Lost River: Has  ...
t Alert over 'Heartbleed' bug
e Dancing With The Stars: Get ready for premiere Monday night
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Google Play Edition leaked by Google
e Dubai parents pay up to Dh500,000 for children's parties themed on Disney's  ...
e Kanye West Makes Appearance at Cannes Lions Festival
b States Mull Legal Action Against Insurance Exchange Contractors
e Review: 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2' Has Too Much Junk Going On
e Brooks row 'very badly handled'
t Microsoft Boosts Free OneDrive Storage to 15GB, Office 365 Users to Get 1TB
b Allergan adopts 'poison pill' defense in Valeant takeover bid
e Hartnett jumps from film to TV for 'Penny Dreadful'
e Now playing: The last of Paul Walker, the least of Kate Upton
e Box Office: 'Edge of Tomorrow' Nabs $20 Mil Internationally
e Stars hailed at Olivier Awards
e Rock band Pink Floyd to release new album this year
e Kate Middleton Pregnant: Rumors Suggest Duchess of Cambridge is Expecting  ...
b China's Alibaba files for IPO in US
b Posted by Parvez Jabri
e Kim Kardasian and Kanye West Get Married This Week in Private Marriage  ...
e George Clooney and Steve Wynn get into spat over politics
b California's Drought Continues
t End Of XP Support X Ways To Secure Your PC
e It's all over: Kris Jenner cradles baby North as the Kardashian family prepare to  ...
e VIDEO: Sadie, 5, bursts into tears after hearing her baby brother is growing up
t Google Brings On Marketing Executive To Lead Google Glass
e Josh Kaufman wins NBC's 'The Voice;' La Porte's Jake Worthington finishes  ...
t Where's our Titanfall review?
t Atlas 5 rocket set for launch amid cloud of controversy
m Giant Inflatable Colon Crosses US on Mission To Knock Out Colon Cancer
e Harry Potter is married, going gray in new JK Rowling story
e The Late Walter Dean Myers Wrote In The Language Of Teens
e LOS ANGELES, Calif. - The Lifetime TV channel says it will air a movie about  ...
b Home Depot's 1st Quarter Falls Short
e I Wanna Marry Harry Is Manipulative and Gross, But I'm Still Watching
b Maryland gears up for health exchange redo
b Dish chairman approaches DirecTV about merger - report
m Motorhead Fan Develops Blood Clot Due To Headbanging
b There are attempts to shake Bulgaria's banking system: minister (ROUNDUP)
t Energy firms hacked by 'cyber-espionage group Dragonfly'
b Japan drugmaker Takeda to fight $6 bln damages awarded by U.S. jury
m Flu vaccines significantly cut children's risk of intensive care admission: study
t Google: driverless cars now have better understanding of city driving
t GM recalls 512K Camaros
t Scientists create life with 'alien' DNA
t Google acquires Songza to help create digital soundtracks tailored for people's  ...
t Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) acquired Songza for over $39 million
e 'Sons of Anarchy' final teaser trailer: Just wanna ride on my motor-cickle
e '22 Jump Street': The Reviews Are In
m Which facial features are most important for first impressions?
e Christina Ricci is Joining the Hollywood Moms' Club
t Microsoft's Free Windows To Come With Bings Attached
e Public hearing on new justice center set for Monday
e Will Ferrell, Red Hot Chili Peppers' Chad Smith drum-off
e Death of Peaches Geldof: 'We shall love her forever'
b Corn Slumps to Lowest Since 2010 on Ample US Supplies
b Coke, Pepsi removing Powerade ingredient from other drinks
b Gold Fundamental Analysis June 17, 2014 Forecast
e Ellen DeGeneres sells LA trophy home to Sean Parker for $55 million
e Robert Downey Jr. News & Movies: Star Named Forbes Most Powerful Actor
e Oscars announce rule changes to music categories
t Halley's Comet debris or Eta Aquarid meteor shower peaks tonight
e 'We were trying to mourn his death': Host Chris Harrison on why they showed  ...
b US Hiring Up, Lowest Unemployment Rate Since Sept 2008
b IMF sees zombie Australia
b Twitter COO Ali Rowghani resigns on Twitter
b White House Misrepresents Gender Paycheck Gap
e Kathy Bates: I did 'Tammy' film because of Melissa McCarthy
t Nvidia Releases New Drivers for Watch Dogs, Can Boost FPS Up to 75%
b 'Candy Crush' Maker King Prices IPO at as Much as $24 a Share
t Averting climate change catastrophe is affordable, says IPCC report
t iPhone texts come to Google Glass
e Kim Kardashian Divorce From Kanye West: Regrets Marriage Already Wants To  ...
b China Mobile 2013 profit falls 5.9%, misses estimates
e The other two works are set to go under the hammer at Sotheby's day sale  ...
t Apple and Samsung return to federal court on Tuesday in their latest patent battle.
e Top 10 Lindsay Lohan songs
t TweetDeck shut down after fault discovered by Austrian teen
e 'Mad Men' Recap: I'm Drinking Rum and Dancing to Sinatra
e Willow Smith, 13, Photographed in Bed With Shirtless 20-Year-Old Actor Moises  ...
e Dear Filipino organizers erased by the Cesar Chavez movement
t Microsoft issues warning, Internet Explorer bug lets hacker control your PC
e Mila Kunis on pregnancy: My breasts have 'tripled in size'
b TrueCar.com shares rise about 11 pct in debut
t Harley-Davidson goes electric: Motorbike firm reveals its first battery-powered  ...
e David Arquette's fiancée says he's the 'love of' her life
e Nick Cannon Shares Whiteface Photo to Promote White People Party Music  ...
t Facebook study outrage: Is there anything social media giant won't do?
t Review: HTC One vs LG G2 – Design, Prices, Battery Life & Specs
m Western Massachusetts hospital is going to close
b Americans Eager to Travel After Rough Winter
e Chinese scenic area threatens to sue 'Transformers' makers
m Guideline: Most healthy women can skip pelvic exam
e Watch Jimmy Fallon, Chris Christie Get Down In 'Evolution Of Dad Dancing'
b U.S. stocks drop as Iraq concerns continue to drag on
t Emperor penguins face uncertain future
e Danny Boyle in talks to helm Steve Jobs movie, wants Leonardo DiCaprio
t Send business to Google Apps; make big bucks
b European stock markets drop
t Samsung will have Tizen smartphone by July
e Taylor Swift Top Earner 2014 [PHOTOS] Billboard Tells How Much Swift Earned  ...
t Netflix Raising Prices For New Subscribers
e VIDEO: 'Once Upon A Time' Stars Ginnifer Goodwin And Josh Dallas Are Finally  ...
t Aerohive Networks Positioned in the "Visionaries" Quadrant in the Wired and  ...
b Taco Bell Breakfast and the Ronald McDonalds: Behind The Scenes Footage  ...
t India is on climate change death row, UN panel says: Delhi faces flooding risk  ...
e Amazing Spider-Man 2: Deleted post-credits scene teases future villain!
e Kourtney Kardashian celebrates 35th birthday with Mexican getaway
m Jenny McCarthy says she's pro-vaccine in Chicago Sun-Times Op-Ed
b Dov Charney's Hedge Fund Plan May Backfire
b Jerk.com operator and Napster co-founder took personal info from Facebook for  ...
t Curiosity Snaps Asteroid Images From The Red Planet's Surface
e Gwyneth Paltrow And Chris Martin Mocked For 'Conscious Uncoupling' Remark
m Prostate cancer
t Pay Amazon $10 a Month and Read All the Books You Want
b Oklahoma Agriculture
e Tammy: A Bad Movie Built Around Great Actors
e Miley Cyrus Brings Homeless Man To VMA's
e Old Emmy Favorites 'Breaking Bad,' 'Modern Family' Top Newcomers
b GM Investing $449M In Detroit-Area Factories
e TV-to-Internet broadcast case before Supreme Court
b EC green-lights Lithuania's euro area accession, Bulgaria not ready yet
e 'I Wanna Marry 'Harry'' Recap: Girls Are Only After Royalty & Money
e Watch: New Spot For HBO's 'The Leftovers' Delivers A Sermon
b Gold extends weekly loss after Fed signals rising interest rates
b Supreme Court affirms EPA's authority to regulate CO2, even as it hauls on the  ...
b Arthur J. Gallagher To Buy Wesfarmers Insurance Broking Unit For $933 Mln
b Pfizer abandons AstraZeneca takeover fight
e Robert Downey Jr.'s Son Indio Downey Arrested For Drug Possession
e MOVIE REVIEW: 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2′
m Levi's CEO: Don't wash your jeans
t T-Mobile announces 'Test Drive', a free service that lets you try the network on an  ...
m Better cognition seen with gene variant carried by one in five
b Sheffield-based Firth Rixson snapped up by US aluminium giant Alcoa in a  ...
t Apple Wants Beats Music Because Transitioning ITunes To Streaming Could Kill  ...
e Answer: 'Jeopardy!' champ Arthur Chu unseated after 12-day run and nearly  ...
e Josh Elliott Leaving 'Good Morning America'
t GM says cost for small car recall, 3 recalls for separate issues to cost $300M
e David Cameron and Chelsea FC lead tributes for UK film veteran Richard  ...
e Kanye West Talks Tech, Culture and Annie Lebowitz At Lions Tech Conference
m Electrical stimulation of brain alters dreams, study shows
e Nobody noticed when Miley Cyrus missed her costume change and performed  ...
t Spacewalking Astronauts Replace Dead Computer on Space Station
b Australia shares steady as consumer stocks support; RBA meeting eyed
b WWE Talent Frustrated By Vince McMahon Constantly His Mind
e True Blood Review: Those Who Can
e Instant video streams tripled from a year ago: Amazon.com Inc
t Facebook Moving Ahead With Iowa Data Center Plans
t That Giant iPad Apple Is Working On Could Be A Dream Device
b On latest Fortune 500, most of the few Florida companies to make list rise in ranks
e Snooki Expecting a Girl
t Aereo Backer Barry Diller: 'It's Over Now'
e Colin Firth quits Paddington movie because voice doesn't fit bear
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's Vogue cover sells 500000 copies
m Too skinny for school? Yale student threatened with suspension if she didn't gain  ...
t A vision for the near future of Google Glass
b Wealthy real estate developer who is anonymously stashing cash around San  ...
e Karen Gillan Reveals Details About Nebula, Her 'Guardians Of The Galaxy  ...
b New Study Suggests RomneyCare Saved Lives, But at a Very High Cost
t Struggle to mark Tiananmen on China's social media
e Joan Rivers won't apologize to Cleveland kidnapping victims
e X-Men director Bryan Singer sued over alleged sex abuse
b April 15 not much of a deadline for most US taxpayers
e 'John From Cincinnati' is not on HBO Go or Amazon Prime, and it should be
t Apple and Google finally agree to stop suing each other
b Deals of the Day: Pilgrim Complicates Hillshire, Euronext Spin-Off Plan
t UN climate body backtracks on risk of species extinction
e Fantastic Four Reboot: Fox Casts Toby Kebbell as Doctor Doom
t T-Mobile Offers iPhone Tests and Unlimited Music Streaming
e Kate explains baby Bear Blaze's name
b One of the best trades of the last three months may be in trouble
e Childhood and adolescence are explored in film that was shot over more than 10  ...
e BAFTA 2014: Full list of winners
e Reasons Zendaya is meant to play Aaliyah in upcoming biopic
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Zoom Specs Leaked
t Google Beefs Up Gmail Security In Attempt To Keep Out Any Prying Eyes  ...
e Author Claims To Have Found Origin Of Nirvana's "Come As You Are"
e TMZ: Bryan Singer Says He Has Proof to Dispute Sex Abuse Charges
b GM $449 Million Investment Doubles Down on Chevy Volt, City of Detroit
b Less Corn Acres, More Soybeans
t New “Windows 8.1 with Bing” SKU announced
b Colorado unemployment rate down in January
t OkCupid says experimenting with consumers is a good thing
e Swipe Right on Celebrities with Tinder's New Verified Profiles
b eBay Inc. Reports First Quarter Results:
b Oil tanker now in international waters, says GNC member
b Mall Of The World In Dubai Will Be A 48 Million Square Foot, Climate-Controlled  ...
m Is Your Child Getting Enough Sleep?
t 8 things we learned from Tim Berners-Lee's AMA on the web's 25th birthday
b US: Chinese oil rig off Vietnam 'provocative, raises tensions'
m Curbing West Africa's Ebola outbreak
e “Breaking Bad” goes out on top at Emmy Awards
e The Black Keys Streaming Full 'Turn Blue' Album Online
m Hundreds Infected As MERS Epidemic Spreads In Saudi Arabia
e Wolff on the battle over Aereo: Diller vs. Moonves
b Consumer Reports Releases Best and Worst Fast Food Restaurants in USA
e American Idol Results Show Tonight: Top 8 Revealed Live
m Diabetics' heart attack, stroke rates falling
b Amazon Prime scoops up some of HBO's hottest titles
t Apple Wins Close to $120M in Patent Lawsuit Against Samsung
t One Day Only: Here's How to Buy Google Glass on Tuesday
b Barclays sets 2016 core business cost target - quick facts
t AOL Security Breach Exposes Customer and Employee Information, Including  ...
e Review: James Franco OK, but Chris O'Dowd shines in 'Of Mice and Men' on  ...
t Atlas V set to blast off Thursday, rolls today
b BoJ dampens easing speculation, says Japan economy improving
b Malaysia Airlines plane search LIVE: Aircraft pieces found on Andhra coast?
e Miley Cyrus nabs top honor at VMAs, homeless teen accepts award on her behalf
e 'SNL' Gives Adam and Eve the 'Girls' Treatment
e Paul Mazursky: A Poetic Farceur of American Lives
m Friends have more DNA in common than strangers
b Investor sentiment on tech goes from giddy to glum
t Time Running Out For Windows XP
e Chris Brown Assault Charges and Trial: 'Loyal' Singer's Bodyguard Found Guilty  ...
e Supreme Court Justices Criticize Aereo, But Worry About Overbroad Ruling
t Nokia Lumia 930 goes up for pre-order in Europe
t NASA: ALIENS are OUT THERE. We will find a NEW EARTH within 20 years
t Apple iPhone 6 launch likely to be delayed
t Netflix Is Also Shelling Out to AT&T For Better Streaming
t Micromax' ongoing talks with Microsoft; Dual-OS "LapTab" still in the works
t Fingerprint lock in Samsung Galaxy 5 easily defeated by whitehat hackers
e Beyoncé and Solange pose together for first time since Jay Z lift incident
b Walmart enters the auto insurance business
e Atelier Versace kicks off Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week
t Will Amazon's Coming Smartphone Disrupt The Major Players?
t Astronomers Tell Congress It Is Likely We Will Discover Life In Next 20 Years
t Amazon Tries to Win the Hearts of Customers with Its New Smartphone Deals
b Thomas Piketty's Mainstream Success Is Proof That America's New Language Is  ...
t Google's New Driverless Car has No Steering Wheel (Video)
e Jack White releases new song 'High Ball Stepper' from upcoming album
e Idina Menzel Toasts Her Return to Broadway on the Opening Night of If/Then
t Americans Both Fear And Embrace Technology
t Facebook to use your browsing history to help target ads
t Facebook effect: Share, don't Retweet, on Twitter
e Aiken involved in tight race in N.C.
t Teradata Unleashes Full-Throttle Performance
t Domino's Pizza France And Belgium Hacked
b GM CEO says only learned of defective cars in late January
e Stephen Colbert appears on 'The Late Show with David Letterman' 0
b CPI (M) targets WB Govt after Hindustan Motors suspends operations at  ...
b Wall St dips; S&P ends 4-day streak of gains
t GM might not pay for recall deaths
e 'Batman Vs. Superman: Dawn Of Justice': Will Jason Momoa play Aquaman?
t New Recalls Question Saftey of Auto Parts
m Don't Miss the Chance to Buy GILD at a 20% Discount
b European Stocks Climb After Consumer-Confidence Data
b Australia still confident MH370 in southern Indian Ocean
t Apple relaunches iPad 4 worldwide
t Apple's 'Gigantic' new Pixies ad showcases iPhone's best apps (video)
t LG's G3 smartphone will launch on May 27th
e Here Is Neil Patrick Harris In Drag
m Worker Fatalities Surge in North Dakota Oil Boom: Study
b Today is tax deadline
e TI Speaks On Fight With Floyd Mayweather
b Americans ready to roll for holiday
e Cop slams Gary Oldman over 'Jew' comments
e Marathon bombing amputee dances again
t Facebook Unveils New Way to Share TV Shows, Movies and Songs in Status  ...
e Postage stamp fetches record USD 9.5 mn in auction
b Bangladesh reforms must ramp up their progress
e Chance to win new Black Keys album
b What that $34 overdraft fee is really costing you
b ECB's Noyer says in favour of injecting further liquidity
t Expert view: Apple / IBM deal
m How Ebola travelled: By plane, bike and taxi
b MH370 search runs cold in area where 'pings' were heard
b Lufthansa cancels 900 flights on first day of pilots' strike
b Shares of Chinese web retailer JD.com surge on debut
e Hip Hop Rumors: Mya Shuts Down Being Jay-Z's Sidepiece Rumor!
e Strauss-Kahn inspired film gets Cannes premiere
t Govts warn against using Internet Explorer
b Sterling near recent highs, boosted by weak euro zone data
e Disney To Recast 'Indiana Jones,' Bradley Cooper is First Choice
b Crude oil slips for 7th day despite strong US jobs growth as supplies increase
t iPhone 6 'Air' Concept Shows What A Super Slim Model Could Look Like
b Gold Shines Again as Hedge Funds Boost Wagers on Advance
b EPA gets mixed ruling in Greenhouse Gases case
e 5 shows of Garth Brooks tour are canceled
e Kimye's wedding guest list revealed
e 'The Other Woman' review: A real guilty pleasure
t FCC chairman 'won't hesitate' to regulate broadband like a...
b Heartbleed Bug claims 900 Canadian taxpayers as its first victims
t What Google Understands: Context Is King
e Whitney Houston Biopic in Development With Director Angela Bassett
e Paramount apologises for TMNT poster
m Junk food like tobacco, warns UN official
t Driverless cars are mastering BUSY city streets
b Buffett: Congress likely to tackle tax-dodging mergers
m One in 8 American children estimated to experience maltreatment by age 18
t Apple turns loose iOS 7.1.1 with Touch ID improvements
e Zara Pulls Shirt From Stores Because People Say It Resembles A Concentration  ...
e Three more Hollywood figures sued for alleged sexual abuse
t Google, Samsung signed secret pact over Apple patent claims
e 'Captain America 2' Trailer & News: Why Was Hawkeye Not on 'Winter Soldier'?
m Breakfast Bombshell: Vitamin Overload in Cereals May Be Making Kids Sick
b Fed: Stress Tests Show Banking System Stronger
b EUR/USD extends losses on expectations for ECB rate cut
b February 2014 Indiana Employment Report
b Interesting Weekend Comments by the ECB President
m Experts: Pistorius not mentally ill at time of killing
b China April new bank lending 774.7 bln yuan
t Apple in talks to buy Renesas stake in chip design unit for $483 million: Report
e San Diegans share what brightens their day on International Day of Happiness
t Apple's Swift Programming Language Drives Developers Crazy
t Novartis, Google to make blood sugar-tracking contact lens
e Fifty Shades Of Grey: Jamie Dornan's New Look As Christian Grey [Photo]
e Garth Brooks cancels Ireland comeback shows
e 'Rest easy Oderus Urungus': Fans react to death of GWAR's David Brockie  ...
m Yet another study shows vaccines are safe for those who use them
e Breaking News: Full House Reunion Series Planned With Original Cast Members
t Options, implications in wake of Supreme Court ruling against TV-over-Internet  ...
e Actor's 911 call cited in killing of his wife
b How Will Facebook (FB) Stock Be Affected By LiveRail Acquisition?
t Google Unveils Android Wear Operating System for Smartwatches | First Look
e Pharrell Launches T-Shirt Collaboration for International Day of Happiness
e 'Weird Al' Yankovic enlists celebrity pals for video parody of 'Happy'
b Plane search expands from Australia to Kazakhstan - Houston weather, traffic  ...
m Time to invest in services for autistic people
t Updated: As Microsoft reportedly readies job cuts, Nadella promises to rethink  ...
m Michael Schumacher:Determined IP address of the medical records-seller  ...
e Phwoar: Marvel Comics gives 'god of thunder' Thor a sex change
m 2.3% Of American Adults Are Gay Or Bisexual, And Many Suffer From Related  ...
b P&G 4Q profit rises, benefits from lower expenses
t 29 May 2014 Apple to buy Beats in $3bn deal
e Jessica Chastain Has Been Offered A HUGE Role On HBO, But Does She Have  ...
t UPDATE 1-NHTSA chief: GM did not share critical information with US agency
b Huge development project planned for Dubai
e VIDEO: So who fancies seeing a video of Tom Hanks dancing filmed by Justin  ...
b Cirrus Logic Inc. Acquisition of Wolfson Microelectronics Plc
e Justin Bieber Gets Visit From Police Due to Loud House Party
m Stem Cell Shakedown Cruise
t We finally got the ultimate result - no more whales will be killed in the southern  ...
e Kanye West - Kanye West gives Kim Kardashian portrait
m Amazon warns customers of recall notice on all Alli Weight Loss products
b MARKET NEWS - Asia spooked by Wall Street loss, dollar dipsMARKET NEWS  ...
t Microsoft Windows 9, Office 'Gemini' Version Leaks Roundup: Release Date  ...
b P&G Profit Rises
t Europe's order to mute Google angers the US over free speech fears
e AP PHOTOS: Around the world, faithful re-enact events of Jesus' crucifixion on  ...
e 'Babel' Director Teaming with Leonardo DiCaprio for 'The Revenant'
t Heartbleed Saga Escalates With Real Attacks, Stolen Private Keys
m Shape Magazine Not Impressed by Brooke Birmingham 170 Pounds Weight Loss
e Do 'The People' Need To See Franco Naked ...
b Batter up! Crumbs bakery giant is no match against bite-size sweet treats
b AstraZeneca hits back at Pfizer with growth plans
e Rick Ross tops the album chart, with Pharrell just behind him
e Don Levine dies at 86; developed Hasbro's GI Joe action figure
t White House issues stark warning on climate change
e No Fireworks for Melissa McCarthy's “Tammy” While “Transformers” Keeps  ...
b Wisconsin unemployment rate dips slightly to 6.1 percent in February
e Johnny Winter, Texas blues icon, dies at 70
b Wells Fargo Mortgage Interest Rates Improve Saturday Jun 28, 2014
b Zillow Acquires Trulia For $3.5 Billion
t Jimmy Iovine Is Going To Be Awesome For Apple
t Smartphone wars spill into battle for home
e How Dave Chappelle 'Knew Kanye Was Going to Be a Star'
t Facebook Faces UK Probe Over 'Unethical' Emotion Study
e Sean Hayes joins 'The Millers' Season 2 as a series regular
b Wall St Week Ahead: Tech selloff root stocks earnings blues
e Watch: Fans Have No Clue Who Ryan Lewis Is
b Is Hillshire Paying Too Much For Pinnacle Foods?
e There's a New Michael Jackson Album on the Way and It Features Production  ...
e 'Extant' offers a promising start
e Ginnifer Goodwin marries 'Once Upon a Time' co-star Josh Dallas
m 3-D printer saves toddler struggling to breathe
t Meteor shower this weekend features comets affected by Jupiter's gravity
e BET Awards honors Lionel Richie, misspells name
b HP expected to cut up to 16000 more jobs as results disappoint
b Supreme Court Justices Limit Existing EPA Global Warming Rules
b At $3B Apple to buy Dr. Dre's Beats headphone company
b CBO forecasts $506 billion budget deficit for 2014
e 'Alien' designer HR Giger dies at 74
b Fresh Objects Seen In New MH370 Search Area
e Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Getting Married This Week In Private. WTF!
b Valeant, Pershing go hostile in $53.8-bn Allergan bid
e Warner Bros. Unveils Title of New Batman-Superman Film
b Stocks Rise For Third Day
e 'All Good': And now Lana Del Rey has responded to Frances Bean Cobain
b Smith & Wesson Holding's (SWHC) CEO James Debney on Q1 2015 Results  ...
m WHO denies Ebola outbreak 'out of control'
b Senator Richard Blumenthal almost hit by train during railway safety speech
b MH370: Visual sightings made in new Indian Ocean search zone
b PRECIOUS-Gold falls for 2nd session, US growth optimism weighs
e 'Louie' returns to claim crown as TV's best comedy
t Google 'Everywhere': Car, Wrist And TV Software
e Kate Winslet shows off her sexy post-baby body in a LBD as she's awarded a  ...
t GM offers millions to compensate some ignition switch victims, families
b World Vision reverses decision to hire gays
b Imagining the Future of Bitcoin
t Congress: General Motors twice failed to fix ignition switch defect
m Saudi MERS Data Review Reveals Spike in Number of Deaths
e Mark Ballas Injured
e Nearly 200 more works found in 'Nazi art trove'
e Nia Vardalos: 'My Big Fat Greek Wedding' sequel is happening!
t Microsoft to sell Xbox One in China, following console ban being lifted
b Economy Collapses in First Quarter, But Growing Again
b Shiller: Slowdown in Home Price Increase May Deter Investor Buying
t Microsoft Devices officially unveiled Nokia X2, First Hands-on
e FIRST LOOK: Creatures from Harry Potter Spin-Off Fantastic Beasts and Where  ...
b Wal-Mart Stores Inc. sues Visa
t Forget About Fixing The HTC One (M8) Yourself If You Break It
b US STOCKS-Wall St edged higher, S&P set to close week lower
e Paul Walker's brothers to help finish 'Fast & Furious'
b Wall St advances; S&P, Nasdaq book fifth straight gain
b Tank bursts inside Disney restaurant
e 'SpongeBob SquarePants: Sponge Out Of Water' Trailer: Now It's a Superhero  ...
t Twitter buys social data provider
e Nude photo of Duchess Kate in Australia published by Bild
t Gas Prices on the Rise Again with Violence in the Middle East
t Meet the New Planet That's Way Out Past Pluto
b P.F. Chang's restaurant confirms credit and debit card breach
e Sheryl Sandberg And Beyonce Want To Ban The Word “Bossy”
m This Is The Source Of Most Food-Related Norovirus Outbreaks
e Pharrell Williams Gets Emotional Over Fans 'Happy' Videos
b Search for Malaysian plane moves northeast; objects seen, not confirmed debris
b Oil Topping $116 Seen Possible as Iraq Conflict Widens
t Tri-State should have good view of new meteor shower
t Climate change: The night is dark and full of terrors
e Rum Tum Tugger to return as a rapping feline in 'Cats' revival
e Scarlett Johansson & Lupita Nyong'o May Join The Cast Of Disney's 'Jungle Book'
e Sum 41′s Deryck Whibley Hospitalized After Hitting 'Rock Bottom' with Alcoholism
m Ebola toll tops 1550, outbreak accelerates: WHO
m Electronic cigarettes help smokers quit in 'real world,' study finds
e I'm Starting To Feel Guilty': Is Seth Rogen Regretting His 'Anti Justin Bieber  ...
t Report: Chinese Government Raids Four Microsoft Offices
t Facebook cuts 'like-baiting' from news feed; Twitter launches real-time notifications
b Fears of doctor shortages under new health law may have been overblown
b Alcoa Beats Wall Street
e Wu-Tang Affiliated Northstar Rapper Cut Off Penis In Suicide Attempt
t T-Mobile ends overage charges, challenges competitors to follow
t Microsoft Bing Starts Taking 'Right To Be Forgotten' Requests
m Safety problems at US germ labs acknowledged
e Watch: First Trailer For Clint Eastwood's Musical 'Jersey Boys' Aims For The High  ...
e Kim Kardashian denies wedding rumors on Twitter
t Retina MacBook Pro gets a processor bump across the line
e 'American Idol XIII' review: Did Jena Irene, Alex Preston, or Malaya Watson rule  ...
t DIGITAL LIFE Sandberg: Emotion Study 'Poorly Communicated'
t Lookout alert system sends you email when it detects thief-like activities
t Apple Settles E-Book Pricing Antitrust Suit
e Joss Whedon Releases His Latest Film via Vimeo for $5 (Video)
e Why Zack Snyder Hasn't Filmed Any Wonder Woman Scenes Yet
e Watch Lindsay Lohan and Billy Eichner Destroy a Car Because They're Upset  ...
e Kanye West Jittery about Saying Wedding Vows to Kim Kardashian
e What to watch for on FOX for fall 2014
e Kim Kardashian And Kanye West's Vogue Cover: Anna Wintour Explains It All
b GM names old spokesman to become new top spokesman
e Arnie, Sly Stallone, Bruce Willis to attend Cannes in 'Soviet-era tanks'
e How to Train Your Dragon 2 a smokin' sequel
t NASA will try again to test 'flying saucer' vehicle
t Internet users warned over Explorer threat
t AT&T HTC One Mini Android 4.4.2 KitKat + Sense 5.5 OTA en route
m Study: Medical Marijuana May Offer Relief To MS Sufferers
b Fed Richmond president expects modest economic growth
b America Will Likely Close Out 2014 as the World's Reigning Oil Champion
e Justin Bieber Gets Rear-Ended In West Hollywood! Tweets About Princess  ...
t Office 365 to get encrypted storage in July, Android and iOS device management  ...
m FDA Warns about Uterine Morcellation, May Cause Spread of Cancerous Tissues
t Will Google's self-driving car be the end of the pedestrian?
e Angelina Jolie talks Brad Pitt, casting daughter Vivienne in 'Maleficent'
t Moto E launched at Rs 6990
e Anger = Action :: Ryan Murphy and 'Normal Heart' Cast Talk About HBO Film
b Three US states sue 5-Hour Energy drink over advertising
m BREAKING: Wikipedia Is NOT A Doctor
b Student's death in Colorado raises questions on pot and health
b US stocks end sharply lower despite steady job report
t Serious Android crypto key theft vulnerability affects 86% of devices
t HANDS-ON: Watch Dogs
b Real estate websites Zillow, Trulia merge
e Upcoming 'Bachelorette' contestant Eric Hill dies in paragliding accident
e Jenny Lewis' new song features Kristen Stewart and other famous friends in drag
e Kim Kardashian in Skin-Tight Leather Leads Today's Star Sightings
t Encrypted Email Rising Amid Spying Fears
e Young people will change America for better, Graham Nash says
e Movie Review - 'Neighbors'
m Life expectancy rises in poor nations: UN
m Ebola now out of control in West Africa as WHO fears cross border contamination
b Texas remains a national jobs leader
t What we don't know can hurt us
m The Surgeon General Seriously Wants You to Stop Tanning
b Close Call: Jetliner Almost Collides with Drone Mid-Air
b Only 5 Arizona companies make Fortune 500 list after loss of US Airways
t Images of rumored Amazon smartphone leaked
e Local Businesses Enjoy Cinco de Mayo Business
m 524 sickened by Salmonella outbreak linked with Foster Farms chicken
t Billionaire capitalist gives away patents to save environment
b Hedge fund fined record $1.8 billion
e They're playing our song
e Matt Tolmach won't say if Spider-Man appears in Venom or Sinister Six movies
t Hackers Use 'Find My iPhone' App to Lock, Hold Devices for Ransom
t Major Gmail overhaul could be in the cards with fresher, cleaner UI
e Google, Jay Z, Airbnb among 2014 Webby Award winners | The Republic
e Moody first image from Batman V Superman: Dawn Of Justice lands online
e Iran could outsource its nuclear-weapons program to North Korea
e The Game of Thrones Finale: Too Much Good Stuff?
e Bryan Singer accuser says he was repeatedly raped
e 20th Essence Music Festival Opens In New Orleans
b Argentina says next bond payment impossible, default looms
m Woman beats eating disorder and now loves her curves
t This is the HTC One Mini 2 (M8 mini) in press renders
e Scarlett Johansson's Pixie Cut: Is Pregnancy to Blame?
b Covered California announces 2015 health insurance rates
t US authorities makes strict privacy ruling on FB's WhatsApp deal
t Google restores Guardian links but Robert Peston blog remains “forgotten” due  ...
m Alcohol Increases Premature Birth Risk among Pregnant Women
b Chinese yuan hits another low: Will the trend continue?
m More mumps cases reported, and beyond Ohio State campus
e Andy Samberg and St. Vincent Team Up for Goofy 'SNL' Promos
m Vampires are onto something: Science finds rejuvenating properties of young  ...
b General Motors Company (NYSE:GM) | U.S. judge declines to order 'park it now  ...
t Jupiter's Red Spot Shrinks to Smallest Size Ever
e Media reports no drugs or suicide note found in Peaches Geldof's house
e Oscar-nominated director Paul Mazursky of the 1978 hit An Unmarried Woman  ...
t First LDSD Test Flight A Success
t Facebook plan on Web browsing alarms at privacy groups
b IRS awarded bonuses to 1100 who owe back taxes
m Walmart is recalling 174000 dolls over burn risk
e Weekend box office: 'Captain' is still America's hero
b Fed Rejects Capital Plans for RBS, HSBC, Santander
e Justin Bieber's security guard takes cellphone, prompts LAPD response
t Apple CarPlay coming to Pioneer's in-dash systems this summer
m Money Clip: Push being made to ban sale of tobacco at pharmacies
b State jobless rate drops to 6.1 percent
e Ben Affleck Speaks Out After Being Slapped With A Blackjack Ban At Las Vegas  ...
m West Nile virus impacts Iowa, reaches Massachusetts
t Air Force launches top-secret satellite into space
e Was It Rigged? Fans Claim 'DWTS' Winner Meryl Davis Didn't Deserve To Win  ...
t Samsung ordered to pay $119 million to Apple in patent case
e Gabriel Garcia Marquez: 'He made a reader of me'
m Colon cancer awareness 5K set for Saturday
t Amazon escalates Hachette standoff
b FOREX-Euro dips as Russia says won't annex other parts of Ukraine
e Who Went Home On American Idol 2014 Last Night? Top 9
m Running Crushes Your Heart Attack Risk—No Matter How Slow You Go
t General Motors announces new engine, Cadillac production at Tenn. plant  ...
m Newspaper says former Boston Mayor Thomas Menino has advanced cancer  ...
t Facebook Wants You To Get Answers from Your Friends About Their Love Lives
t Intel, Samsung, Atmel, Broadcom, Dell, and other gadget makers create a  ...
e America Ferrera, The Cannes Film Festival: You Will Not Believe What This  ...
t Is the launch hype of Google Glass enough to drop the 'glasshole' stigma?
t Plastic garbage on ocean's surface is vanishing. Where is it going?
m Ebola Virus Outbreak, Symptoms: Deaths Rise to 467 in W. Africa
t YouTube Unveils New Features and App
b Report identifies 84641 structures and vacant lots in Detroit that need help
b Malaysia says search to shift to smaller area
e Mixed feelings for Garcia Marquez in his Colombian hometown
e Black Captain America, Female Thor & Superior Iron Man: 5 Fast Facts You  ...
m Ebola death toll rises in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone
t Samsung Galaxy K zoom debuts with 20.7-megapixel camera, 10x optical zoom
e US comedian Leno tapped for Mark Twain Prize for American Humour
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Makes Cameo In AnTuTu With Strong Performance  ...
e BBC America Renews Orphan Black, Broadchurch
b Late Flights Increase; Complaints Decrease. Go Figure.
e Make something special for mother
e Lindsay Lohan slams mother's 'party girl' image
m WHO says Ebola outbreak in West Africa one of "most challenging"
e George RR Martin Threw Out the First Pitch at a Game of Baseball
b UPDATE 1-Merkel visits Athens to boost Greek government after bond sale
t PM/AM: Rosetta, Comet Chaser
t Google, Facebook, Amazon, Microsoft, Yahoo, Netflix & More to Fight Against  ...
b King profits are up from last year, but down from recent quarters
b US agrees to «fairer» penalty on BNP Paribas, French minister says
t Analyst: There are some market challenges ahead for Apple and its iPhone
e Rapper TI takes down rumour of 'two black eyes'
b Tesla (TSLA) Gains on Jersey 15-Day Extension
t iOS users spend 45% more on IAP than Android
t Climate Change: More Violence, Less Food, and Embarrassment for Political  ...
e DVR Rewind | Crosby, Stills & Nash On Jimmy Fallon
e Gwyneth Paltrow - Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin holiday on Faith Hill's island
b UPDATE 1-Judge denies Wells Fargo's bid to dismiss LA predatory lending suit
t Apple WWDC 2014: Consumers React Favorably To The Developers Conference
b Obama Administration Extends Health Care Enrollment Period
b US Economy Approaching Full Employment and Price Stability for First Time in  ...
t Comcast: TWC Deal Won't Limit Competition as Online Video Grows
e Silent rooms, tissues, counsellors help ease the emotional pain for visitors to 9  ...
t Space X Falcon 9 Rocket and Dragon Cargo Spacecraft Launch: Third of 12  ...
e Benzino Posts Photos From Hospital After Shooting
m Former Buffalo Bills QB Jim Kelly to start chemotherapy, radiation for sinus  ...
t “Bang!” Hackers 'saving up ammo' to target Windows XP users
b Benghazi Becomes Issue In Arizona Governor GOP Primary
b Cable Comes Together: Level 3 Snags TW Telecom For $5.7 Billion
e Kate Upton: Bikini scene on beach uncomfortable
e Dylan lyrics being sold at auction
e Ultimate Indiana Jones Cheat Sheet
b Ukraine fighting intensifies after election
e Miley Cyrus Postpones US Tour Due To Illness; Rescheduled Dates Announced
b True mortgage cost rises
m Bogus Pills Found In Bottles Of Weight-Loss Drug In 7 States
b Still haven't filed your income taxes? It's not too late
m Hospital-related infections hit nearly 650000 patients in 2011
b Expectations for ECB QE mount after inflation tumbles
b ConAgra cuts FY profit outlook again
t Google talks to buy a stake in Virgin Galactic
b Google Inc (GOOG) has Big Month, Apple Inc. (AAPL) Nowhere to be Seen
m [Ticker] EU internet broadband users face 'lottery' on price, speed
b Graph of the Day: US plots a path to 6c/kWh solar
m Study suggests Welsh Assembly wrong on e-cigs
e The Veil Is Lifted on Game of Thrones' Most Influential Character
e Sara Gilbert marries
t Dr Neil deGrasse Tyson & Ann Druyan interview: Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey
e The Other Woman Review
e Rare Superman comic book fetches super-duper $3.2 million
e How Did Aereo Fare in Front of the Supreme Court?
t Apple rumoured to launch cheaper 8GB iPhone 5c
t Ford recalls almost 700000 vehicles to fix air bags
m Mediterranean diet reduces blood pressure: Reports
t Wear Aware Android Wear App Reminds You Not To Leave Your Phone Behind
m Know Who is on Your Doorstep With Wifi-Enabled SmartMat
b Gogo, Repros Therapeutics Jump; Bridgepoint Plunges
t NEW: Ford recalls nearly 435000 vehicles
e Orphan Black back Saturday on BBC America
e Starz Greenlights Steven Soderbergh's 13-Part Series THE GIRLFRIEND  ...
b Fed grants four banks more time to submit capital plans
b Toyota Forecasts Profit Drop on Japan Slump, Waning Yen Edge (1)
e Grieving Mick Jagger departs Australia after L'Wren's suicide
b Family Dollar to cuts jobs, plans to close about 350 stores
b Wall Street can't keep a straight face on Bill Ackman's Botox deal
b Speech by CE at 14th anniversary cocktail reception of HKEx
t Amazon's next big announcement could be a smartphone
t Twitter Introduced Pop-up Notifications On The Website
t San Gorgonio Pass Amateur Radio Club Event
m Even more fruit and veges recommended
e Louis-Dreyfus wears mistake on mag cover
b Freedom Industries cited for two violations in relation to stormwater overflow
e Fast & Furious 7 To Feature CGI Paul Walker: Report
b US Census Bureau says Dallas County in 2013 again led Iowa in population  ...
t Bet you didn't know Google Maps could let you do this
t Facebook not alone in user experiments
t Windows Phone Cortana to get 'British accent' in the UK
b NTSB Special Investigation Finds Parasailing Largely Unregulated; Inadequate  ...
t GM recalls Camaros
t The Internet Explorer security bug explained and how to protect your info
e Mariah Carey & Nick Cannon Divorce Rumors: Did Cannon Leave Carey  ...
e anti-apartheid author Nadine Gordimer dies
b Target CEO resigns after security breach, Canadian fiasco
b European ratesetters urged to act as inflation falls
t Sprint Chairman Says U.S. Internet Speeds Are "Horrible" in Push For Merger
e Anthony J. Mancuso: For this adolescent, it happened at the World's Fair, without  ...
b JPMorgan's first-quarter profit falls as investment banking and mortgage revenue  ...
e Amazon's Deal With HBO Leapfrogs Streaming Rivals
b Ravens and M&T Bank Announce $60M Contract Extension
e VIDEO: Lubbock native goes viral with comical airline safety briefing
e Jada Pinkett Smith Responds to Willow's Photo Controversy
t LG G3 sports quad-HD screen and laser autofocus
b GM hires new chief spokesman
b COLUMN — We have a right to quality care
b US auto sales expected to rise in June; GM, Toyota and Nissan see gains
t Amazon Launches Kindle Unlimited, A Netflix For Books With Access To 600K  ...
b US durable goods orders rise for second month in March
t Florida gas prices top national average
e 'Game Of Thrones' Director Raves Over Jack Gleeson
b After bankruptcy filings, Mt. Gox lets users see bitcoin balances
b China Focus: China's new plan targets quality urbanization
b The Fed and the Reserve
t Half a million widely trusted websites vulnerable to Heartbleed bug
b Bob McDonald, Former P&G CEO, Is Obama's Pick For VA
t Forget the climate -- cap-and-trade could fix your allergies
m More People Are Reporting Brown Recluse Spider Bites This Summer
e Beyonce and Jay Z announce live tour
b IMF raises PH growth forecast to 6.5%
t Google 'right to be forgotten' requests hit 250K, search titan re-instates some due  ...
b Home Loans: Current Mortgage Rates at Suntrust, Chase Mar 19
e Movie Studios Sue Defunct Piracy Site Megaupload, Seeking Millions in Damages
e The Final Rose: Where Will ABC's Bachelorette Andi Dorfman Settle Down?
b California sees late surge in health enrollment
t PNE training
m E. coli outbreak prompts recall of 1.8 million pounds of ground beef
e WATCH WKD HERE Watch The Walking Dead Season 4 Episode 16 Online  ...
t Xbox One April update adds friends notifications and more
t Phone Companies Commit to Text Services
m Woman disfigured after cancer misdiagnosis gets free surgery
m Study: Low risk prostate cancer not always low risk
m GLOW County Named NY's 'Healthiest'
b Survey confirms gains in health insurance sign-ups - WBOC-TV 16, Delmarvas  ...
t July 4th celebrators rescue baby dolphin in Florida
e Angelina Jolie on a Future in Politics: 'If I Thought I'd Be Effective, I Would' (Video)
e 'Man of Steel' Sequel Taps Stage Actor to Play Cyborg
e Yahoo to make two TV shows
e Emma Stone Looking Lovely In Lemon Colored Versace ...
b There Might Be A Deal To Save Crumbs And The Stock Is Going Ballistic
e Shia LaBeouf arrested after outburst in Broadway theater
e 9 Ways “Nashville” Could Play Out Hayden Panettiere's Real-Life Pregnancy
b Squirrel blamed for $300000 damage to building
m Alzheimer's predictive blood test will help treat it early
b Intel Corporation Earnings: Will Mobile Finally Bring Growth?
e NBC produces a redundant remake of 'Rosemary's Baby'
t Rumor: 12'' Retina MacBook, 4K Mac desktop coming
b Trend - up, down or up and down?
e 'The Situation' charged in fight at tanning salon
b Yellen to Grads: Be Like Bernanke (and The Babe)
m Cook Off, Mr. Relay, Luminaries Planned for Relay for Life
e Disney celebrates 50th anniversary of 'It's A Small World' ride
e The main news on most newspapers this morning is the death of Peaches Geldof.
t Apple, Samsung Race To Integrate Fingerprint Sensors On Tablets
b Seven tips for filing income taxes
t Apple Close to Buying Beats Electronics
b Barclays claims of investor protection a 'sham': NY AG
m College Soccer Star's Sweat and Body Heat Sends her to Emergency Room
e Lionsgate and Alibaba Group Team to Offer Entertainment World Service in China
e Exclusive: Full House Cast and Producers Mulling a Revival
t Ocean acidification endangers Alaska fisheries, communities, research shows
m Sperm Donation Age should be increased to 45 Years, says study
b Morning Scan: Regulators Act on Leverage Ratio; Volcker Rule CLO Exemption
e The Top Viral VMA Moments: Ladies Night With Beyoncé, Miley and More
e Seth Rogen Slams 'Horribly Insulting' Article For Claiming His Movie Motivated  ...
e Transformers: Age Of Extinction's Leading Lady Nicola Peltz Rivals Megan Fox  ...
b GoPro's First Earnings Report As A Public Company Is A Wipeout As Stock Falls  ...
t What to expect from the Amazon phone
t iPhone 6 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 3 - Best Features and Video Comparison
t You Can Now Download the Original Source Code for MS-DOS for Free
t Microsoft Announces Nokia Acquisition Will Close on April 25th
t Windows XP demise boosts PC shipments but Apple continues to lead market
b Oil prices drop before US supply report
t Look to the Skies! Tonight's Camelopardalids Meteor Shower Could Be Quite  ...
t Adidas teases with new 'Photo Print' app; takes sneaker customization to another  ...
e MTV Movie Awards 2014 to Pay Tribute to Paul Walker
e 'The Voice' Recap: Battles Tackle Aloe Blacc (Video)
m Egypt: Army says 'virus cure' device needs six months of testing
e Orlando Bloom confesses he still feels "a deep love" for ex-wife Miranda Kerr
t Xiaomi is coming to ten countries this year including India
m Walgreens employee fired after what she said was diabetic attack reaches  ...
e Joe Francis -- ARRESTED in Alleged Girls Gone Wild Attack
t Google-owned Nest launches hi-tech thermostat in the UK
b Mt. Gox finds 200000 bitcoins in “old-format wallet”
e Stamp sells for record US$9.5 million in New York
b Alstom accepts GE bid for its energy unit
e In pictures: Actress Lindsay Lohan's celebrity lovers
b Russia hit with $50 billion verdict in Yukos case
e SPOILER ALERT: The Best Reactions To Joffrey's Death On “Game Of Thrones”
e Amazon OKs Six TV Video Pilots For Full Seasons
e Rumor: <i>The Bachelor's</i> Juan Pablo And Nikki Are Already Over
m Research On Deer Ticks
t UK data regulator probes into Facebook experiment on users
e Rolling Stones leave Perth after Scott suicide
b Turkey blocks Twitter website
e Four Things We Learned About Justin Bieber From His Deposition Tapes
t VIDEO: Revolutionary technique to turn light into matter by smashing two  ...
m Thriving tick populations spark Lyme disease worries
b Friday's midday trade: Intel lifts Wall Street, but indices set for lower week
t Twitter goes back to the start for birthday
b US geologists link small quakes to fracking
t How does new dwarf planet 2012 VP113 measure up against its siblings?
b Murdoch is rebuffed in $80 billion offer for Time Warner
b The Economy Tanked Last Quarter And It's Everybody's Fault But Obama's
t Internet Giants Oppose FCC's Fake Net Neutrality Plan
e Rockaboom braced for queues for Record Store Day's rare releases
b Bank of America's big math error
t TiVo offers recorder for cord-cutting viewers
e Complete list of winners at the 22nd annual MTV Movie Awards
e Ray J has given Kim Kardashian his share of profits from their sex tape as a  ...
m Ebola Outbreak: 20000 Could be Infected, Warns WHO
e Justin Bieber Posts Epic Video of Tom Hanks Dancing to Montell Jordan
e First Dibs: Is Britney Spears Going To Stay In Las Vegas One More Year?
b Southwest dumps direct Denver flights
b Coca-Cola, PepsiCo to drop flame retardant from all drinks including Powerade  ...
m Health Experts Urge World Health Organisation Not to Suppress E-cigarettes
t Google unveils self-driving car prototype
e AJ McCarron's Engagement Cake Includes an Edible Crimson Tide Helmet
b LONDON MARKETS: FTSE 100 Yanked Lower By AstraZeneca, Miners
t Seas will rise by 26-82cm by 2100: IPCC
b IMF's Lagarde investigated in French fraud case
b Putin: Russian army pullout intended to create “favourable” conditions for  ...
t Google would pay $1B-plus for video game streaming service Twitch
b ECB Money for Next to Nothing Spells Polish Zloty Gains
e Angela Bassett-Directed Whitney Houston Movie Coming Soon
t Innovation Lessons from Tesla and Elon Musk
t New Samsung Gear 2 With Built In SIM Card Slot Rumored
t Xbox One is Coming to China
b Right now, the policy is appropriately set: Rajan
t Tesla Motors, Inc.'s Affordable Car Gets a Name: Model 3
e Chadwick Boseman does 'Get On Up' as James Brown
t Facebook rolls out new 'Privacy Checkup' initiative
b Microsoft Q3 earnings beat Wall Street estimates
b Jet search plane spots more objects
t Soon, 'nature-inspired' flying robots for search and rescue missions
b Dollar gains on outlook for hawkish Fed, strong US data
e Miley Cyrus films fight between fans at concert
e MOVIE REVIEW: 'Draft Day'
t Missoula, Ravalli counties fail American Lung Association air analysis
e Why Do We Celebrate Mother's Day? – 'The Why'
t Memo from Microsoft exec Elop announcing job cuts
t Microsoft to lay off 18000 workers within a year
e Game of Thrones breaks record for simultaneous file-sharing
e Lindsay Lohan Declares She's Not Oprah in Oprah Docu-Series
t Light earthquake felt in Anchorage
e Review: 'Transcendence' like a clunky TED talk
b Family Dollar to Close 370 Stores, Cut Jobs Amid Review (2)
e Paul McCartney recovers from illness in Tokyo
b Tiffany's sparkle dimmed by Swatch case
m Four reasons why some E-Cigs are a safer alternative to traditional smoking
t Jailed activist 'vindicated' over whaling
t Apple May Launch 8GB iPhone 5c On Tuesday
b Stocks rise on US data, central bank hopes
t Share photos in multi-person chat and buy stickers from BBM Shop,BBM update  ...
b Yellen downplays inflation risks
b China inflation slows to 2.3 year-on-year in June govt
b Brent Oil to dip further
b Don't Talk About Record Stock Prices to Owners of These Shares
t 101 Active Geysers Seen on Saturn's Moon
b 3 Options for Your Nondeductible Traditional IRA
e Stephen Colbert blows up Twitter account
e Will Smith, Jada Pinkett Smith Investigated for Daughter´s "Inappropriate" Photo
e First Look At Superman In Upcoming “Batman V Superman”
b Snapchat valued at $10 billion, has 100 million monthly users
e Game of Thrones' George RR Martin to attend Edinburgh Book Festival
t Burger King Baby finds birth mom, says she feels pure joy
e Hobie Alter, surfboard and sailboat innovator, dies at 80
m Don't diagnose yourself on Wikipedia, warn doctors
b Profits Up at Home Depot, But Miss Wall Street Estimates
m Ebola virus outbreak in West Africa has claimed 137 lives, according to UN  ...
t Chromecast adds Vudu, Crackle to its growing list of apps, Seinfeld fans rejoice
m CDC director says Liberia Ebola outbreak to get worse
m Chia powder salmonella illness reported in Conn.
m University of Colorado hospital named best in state by U.S. News — again
e 'My Big Fat Greek Wedding' Sequel Promises Bigger, Fatter Wedding
e Guardians of the Galaxy Box Office Estimates Adjusted Way Up After Blockbuster  ...
e Tracy Morgan Recovering From Accident
t Facebook: Unethical, untrustworthy, and now downright harmful
t 'Remember the human face of climate change', says Rowan Williams
b Tesla Gets Go-Ahead to Open Third Showroom in Ohio
e Hugh Jackman has growth removed
t iPhone 5s vs Google Nexus 5 – Battery Life, Display, Design & Prices
b Lachlan Murdoch named to lead News Corp
e Eurovision Song Contest 2014: United Kingdom's Molly Smitten-Downes To  ...
e Listen to The Black Keys' new record Turn Blue
e Brother: Maksim Chmerkovskiy of 'Dancing with the Stars' is in love
t NASA Launches Satellite to Monitor Climate Change After 2009 Failure
t GM preparing to recall about 33000 Chevrolet Cruze compact cars for air bag  ...
e Fringe's Georgina Haig Cast as Frozen's Elsa in Once Upon A Time
e 'Dawn of the Planet of the Apes'
e Alexander Skarsgard & Ryan Kwanten: 'True Blood' Sex Scene Photos & Video!
t Google Ups Gmail Security Standards To Prevent Snooping
b EPA Gets a Win From Supreme Court on Global Warming Emissions—Mostly  ...
b Washington Redskins trademarks canceled
t Apple may bring iTunes Store to Android phones and tablets
b Gold near six-week low; down nearly 3 pct in March
b Vermont Sued by Grocer Group to Block GMO Food Label Law
e Prince pleased the crowd with hits at Essence Fest Friday
t Core Infrastructure Initiative project aims to prevent next Heartbleed bug
b 'Candy Crush' maker King to go public this week
t Google Glass sells to the public tomorrow. Here's how to decide whether or not  ...
t At Least One Heartbleed 'Disaster' Scenario May Be Impossible
t Officials advise password change for Healthcare.gov users
b Intel Corporation: Intel Raises Second-Quarter and Full-Year Revenue and  ...
t Does the Motorola Moto G price make it the most cheap smartphone on the  ...
e Mum claims daughter was refused toilet access on flight, forced to urinate in seat
b Highway fund crisis looms as soon as August, Obama warns
t Sprint set for price war after T-Mobile US deal
t Full 'Honey Moon' on Friday 13, First in 100 Years
b Live Blog Fed stays the course on interest rates, bond purchases
e 'Bachelorette' Andi makes her men strip
e Taylor Swift Wrote a WSJ Op-Ed. That Is All.
b Social Security has closed record number of offices
e Melissa McCarthy Looses Her Head While Filming 'Tammy'
e 'Dom Hemingway' review: Jude Law's hymn to him
t Google unveils driverless vehicles
b Kraft recalls Oscar Mayer hot dogs due to misbranding
e Britney Spears' Auto-Tune Songs 2014: 'Alien' Star's Unedited Song Version  ...
b Health Update: Health Care Deadline; Other Changes; Heart Valves; New  ...
e Game of Thrones: A song of the sofa
b Stocks end higher in choppy trading
e Avoid 'The Other Woman,' vacate 'Brick Mansions,' silence 'The Quiet Ones' this  ...
b Here's Why Time Warner Has More Upside
e Man travels to 26 countries in worldwide proposal video - KCTV5
t Sony Vaio Fit 11A laptop batteries pose fire risk
b BNP To Pay Nearly $9B To The US For Sanctions Violations Involving Sudan  ...
b Wealth Gap Widens in US from Student Loan Debt
e Kim and Kanye's wedding day in Florence
b Apple Inc. (AAPL) devices may soon host Microsoft's Office 365
t BlackBerry wins early round in lawsuit against Ryan Seacrest's keyboard for  ...
e Justin Bieber Becomes Fifth Most Hated Man in America as His Racist Joke  ...
e Luc Besson says Lucy was inspired by three unexpected and unique movies
e New films: Draft Day and Oculus
m New HPV Test Approved by FDA For Cervical Cancer Screening
e Sir Paul McCartney In Tokyo Hospital For Virus
e Watch: 'Maleficent' Video Incorporates Disney Nostalgia
e Mr. and Mrs. West wedding day Instagram pictures
b Turkish judiciary did not block Twitter, court rules
m Study finds teens are drinking less and texting more
e Singer Selena Gomez fires her parents as managers
e Jay Z pummeled by Beyonce's sister Solange in elevator attack
e Peaches' funeral to be at same church where tragic mum's service was held
t Monday at WWDC: Apple delivers big surprises as most predictions ended up  ...
t Fossils reveal biggest flying sea bird: 'Creature from fantasy novel' had wingspan  ...
e Judge Joe Brown: See His Shocking Mugshot After Courtroom Arrest
b Dukeville concerns over coal ash: 5 things to know
b Uninsured rate drops faster in states friendly to Obamacare
t Global warming a threat to emperor penguins
e Prince William And Kate Middleton: Royal Couple 'Expecting' Second Child
b Memorial Day travel forecast
e Beyonce & Kelly Rowland Reunite with Michelle Williams for 'Say Yes' Video  ...
t Google Glass is now on sale in the UK
t Apple MacBook Air gets minor upgrade but big price cut
m Study: Childhood vaccines are safe?
e KISS' Paul Stanley: Ace Frehley + Peter Criss 'Don't Belong in the Band'
b PF Chang's Confirms Card Breach
e Sia Scores First No. 1 on Billboard 200 With '1000 Forms of Fear'
b Microsoft announces Office for iPad apps in move towards cloud growth
b Amazon looks for spark with 'Fire' smartphone
t You've Got Mail! Or So You Think – AOL Investigating Security Breac...
e Unauthorized “Saint Laurent” shows YSL's dark side
t 5 Things You Need to Know Before You Go
b US Trade Deficit Narrows Slightly More Than Expected In March
e Discovery Channel Cancels Everest Jump Event After Fatal Avalanche
e BET Awards Best Beauty: Karrueche Tran…
e Producers Say 'Sinister Six' & 'Venom' To Come Before 'The Amazing Spider  ...
e Watch Kristen Stewart in 'Clouds of Sils Maria' Trailer
b Russia told to pay $50bn in Yukos case
b Twitter shares plumb new lows
b Twitter's Ali Rowghani bids 'goodbye' to COO role
e Star Wars Episode VII cast announced
t Apple to launch large-screen 4.7- and 5.5-inch iPhone 6 models in September
b ECM Editorial Board: No immunity from health care changes
b Stock edge higher at start of busy earnings week
b Bankruptcy, US courts to decide whether 'new' GM will be liable for ignition  ...
b Gold Slips As Ukraine Fears Fade And US Unemployment Figures Support  ...
t Earth's Interior 'Holds as Much Water as All the Oceans Combined'
m Study reveals the most unsafe US state for workers
t LG G3 QHD Display Confirmed In Official LG Videos
e Powdered alcohol not approved for store shelves
e Movie Of The Week: Captain America - The Winter Soldier
e Box Office: Zac Efron and Seth Rogen's House Party Beats Spider-Man 2
e Tupac Shakur Broadway musical 'Holler if Ya Hear Me' is being canceled
t GM offering $500 rebates on new cars to replace recalls
e Watch Nirvana's Rock Hall Induction Feat. Lorde, St. Vincent, Kim Gordon, Joan  ...
e Joe Biden: It's time to demand action from the House on immigration
t Google's April Fool's Pokémon Prank Finally Lets You Catch 'Em All
b PG&E and Its Regulator Bonded in E-Mails after Deadly San Bruno Pipeline  ...
e The best tweets about Sharknado 2
m MERS didn't leap from person to person in the US, after all
m Study finds baby gates not so safe
b Futures Jump After Retail-Sales Data Top Views
e Keeping Up With the Kardashians Sneak Peek: Kim Kardashian Is Approached  ...
e 'Dragon' seeks to burn up 'Jump Street' at US box office
m 'Contradictions' in Ebola Information
b Uninsured given extra time to sign up for Affordable Care Act
m Stomach illness that hit 83 people on cruise ship may be linked to norovirus
e Miami Tells Ultra Festival: Take Your Glowsticks Elsewhere
b Whole Foods Market Q3 Profit Rises - Quick Facts
e Ann B Davis, devoted 'Brady Bunch' housekeeper, dies
e Jon Hamm Worked On Soft-Core Porn Films Before Making It Big
b Sony execs lose bonus after bad year | Bangkok Post: news
m Vaginal gel shows promise against HIV
m Facial expressions in photos can predict first impressions: study
b US Treasury Secretary Urges Currency Reform in China
e Game of Thrones' George RR Martin suggests movie possibility
m Mumps Outbreak Grows To 28 Cases At Ohio State University
e (Video) 22 Jump Street Stars Jonah Hill & Channing Tatum Mock Chelsea In  ...
t Apple takes iPad 2 off the shelves, replaces it with iPad 4th gen
b New Target CEO Has Retail, Beverage, Snack Cred
e L.A. Mayor Tries to Convince George Lucas to Build Museum There, With  ...
t Facebook is learning the hard way that with great data comes great responsibility
e Home / News / WATCH: Behind The Scenes Of Miley Cyrus' Bangerz Tour!
t The One Thing HTC Did Right With The HTC One M8
e Morrissey assaulted by unauthorized biopic, fans looking for a hug
e Robin Thicke Makes Emotional Plea To Wife With BET Awards Performance
t Austin MotoGP: Buoyant Pedrosa focused on COTA triumph
t `Australia' discovered on Mars!
b Proposed 'Inversion' Ban Hits Shares of Companies With Pending Deals
b Existing-Home Sales Jump 4.9%
m Researchers identify 10 key proteins that can predict Alzheimer's diagnosis
e Ten Ways to Get Ready for the Final Mad Men Episode of 2014, Sunday at 10/9c
b One year on, 'Rana Plaza disaster' survivors struggle to rebuild lives Apr 22, 8:30  ...
m FDA plans to regulate electronic cigarettes, report says
e 'The Purge: Anarchy' ups the ante and the gore
b US economy on 'solid growth' track in Q2: Yellen
e LeVar Burton gets help to reboot 'Reading Rainbow'
t Sony reveals Project Morpheus: A virtual reality headset for PS4
t Ubisoft Releases Biggest Game of 2014 So Far with Launch of Watch Dogs
e Movie — 'Muppets Most Wanted' features big-name entertainers
b Yum: Effects of China supplier scandal could deepen
b Oracle's sales, profit miss analysts' estimates
b China evacuates over 3000 citizens from Vietnam
b Coca-Cola Profits Dip as Americans Drink Less Pop
b Massive dirt pile may have led to bridge closure - WNCT
t Google doubles the RAM in its Glass headset to 2GB
t Sony developing VR headset codenamed Project Morpheus
e Boyhood
t Driverless cars hitting UK roadways come January
t 50th Anniversary of the Ford Mustang (Video)
t Mario Kart 8 Sells 2.82 Million Units, But Nintendo Loses $97 Million During First  ...
b U.S. stocks rally into close; end week lower
b GBP/USD Fundamental Analysis March 27, 2014 Forecast
b Sterling falls after surprise UK output dip
e Lights! Camera! China! 'Transformers' Knows Its Audience
e Neil Young to Launch '21st Century' Music Service PonoMusic This Week
b Living in interesting times
m What's Really In Your Wallet: Researchers Discover Thousands Of Microbes  ...
b 'Trust Me' Isn't Good Enough for Stress Tests
e Fleetwood Mac To Open 33-City Tour In Minneapolis
b Some Homeless People Are Calling The Fancy Lunch Thrown By A Chinese  ...
b Tokyo stocks close up
b Dixons FY profit up 53%; sales get World Cup boost
e The top 5 Michael Jackson videos of all time
t Facebook App to Get Shazam-Style Audio Recognition for Music, Movies, and  ...
t Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA): Shareholder Meeting Paints Optimistic Picture
e 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' director Michael Bay unfazed by fans' criticism  ...
e Ice Cube blasts MTV for Paul Walker win
e Game of Thrones Season 4 Finale: The 6 Biggest Ways It Strayed From the Book
m Oscar Pistorius trial: Psychiatric report finds athlete 'is not mentally ill'
b NC Senate committee passes bill that would lift fracking moratorium
e Pat Sajak 'Stunned' by Jaw-Dropping Wheel of Fortune Puzzle Solve
e Britain's Prince Harry and Girlfriend Make It Public
t Monday Morning Business Brief
e Guardians of the Galaxy: A Likable Mess
e Caleb Johnson American Idol 2014 Top 11 Live Show – Skyfall
m County Launches Campaign to Encourage HIV/AIDS Discussion
e Angelina Jolie named honorary dame in Britain
m Debbie Gibson reveals painful struggle with Lyme disease
e Star Wars Episode VII: Already Shooting, Cast Mostly Set!
t Report: Climate Change Imperils Nation's Historical, Cultural Landmarks
t Delhi tops the list of cities with most polluted air in the world: WHO
b US Memorial Day road trippers to hit near 10-year high -AAA
e Jessica Simpson marries former 49ers player Eric Johnson in California ceremony
t Facebooks Mood Experiment Faces Probe in UK
t Apple's WWDC 2014 Keynote to be livestreamed
b Corn crop condition best since 2010
m Nestle Recalls Chocolate Peanut Butter Ice Cream for Incorrect Label
e Kiefer Sutherland Responds To Freddie Prinze Jr.'s Comic-Con SLAM! Find Out  ...
b Obamacare Doctor Shortage Predictions Were Overhyped
t Sony reveals Project Morpheus PS4 VR headset
e David Fincher departs Aaron Sorkin's Steve Jobs biopic
e Investigation Concluded: Walker's Death Caused by High Speed
b Chrysler looks to new models to secure recovery
e Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival
t 2021 Mercedes-Benz U-Class Concept Proposed by a Design Student
b New objects sighted as MH370 search shifts dramatically
t Feds propose to change protection for arroyo toad from endangered to threatened
t Mr. Son Comes To Washington With Big Broadband Vision But Few Facts
m Bill Requiring Warning Labels on Sugary Drinks Fails Assembly Committee
m Save Home Health: Duluth Home Health Community Decries Medicare Cuts to  ...
t Hacked off: Five reasons we can't wait to play Watch Dogs
b Gas prices ahead of Memorial Day static year-on-year
e 'Jurassic World' Plot Spoilers, Release Date, Trailer [PHOTO]: 'Guardians of the  ...
e Clouds of Sils Maria trailer; Juliette Binoche, Kristen Stewart, and a thong
b Ousted American Apparel (APP) CEO battles for control, ups stake to nearly 43%
m Sip a cup of coffee daily to prevent eye damage
e See the First Photo of Christian Grey from the '50 Shades' Movie
e 'Captain America' Star Chris Evans is Ready to Leave the Marvel Universe
m 6 things that could be stopping sleeping well
b Australia Opens Tender for Next Phase in Malaysia Airlines Search
b Box fires the gun on the next big tech IPO
e Katherine Heigl Blames Rom-Coms for Career Slump
e Olivia Palermo's Wedding 'Dress' Isn't What We Expected
b Big four bank's annual profits to hit a record of $30bn
e Dan Auerbach calls Lana Del Rey 'a true eccentric' and 'extremely talented'
e Magnificent Seven star, Eli Wallach, dies aged 98.
m Colonoscopies miss 6 percent of cancers, Utah research finds
e Miley Cyrus Got A Tattoo Where The Sun Doesn't Shine! See It HERE!
t Health Technology: Samsung, Apple and Google Face Off
e Dylan's 'Like a Rolling Stone' draft sells for $2M - News and Weather For The  ...
t Microsoft is paying dearly for Ballmer's final huge mistake
m E-cig industry awaits looming federal regulation
t Chilean Devil Rays found to plunge much deeper than previously discovered
m MERS a concern before Haj, surge abating: UN
m 25 New Jersey residents test positive for Chikungunya virus
t 'Internet's Own Boy': Why Aaron Swartz's story matters
t FTC Alleges T-Mobile Made Millions From Allegedly Bogus Text Message Charges
t Russian Soyuz docks with ISS after delay
m Defying the Ebola Odds in Sierra Leone
t Skype real-time translator coming this year?
m Studies: 'Young' blood rejuvenates old mice
b Here Comes Chinese GDP...
e Mike 'The Situation' Sorrentino arrested for fight inside tanning salon
b Microsoft (MSFT) Turns Positive Ahead of FQ3 Report
e BET Awards 2014: Lionel Richie's Name Misspelled During Telecast
t Apple At WWDC 2014: iOS 8 & OS X Yosemite, John Oliver Explains Net  ...
b First SM-3 Launch for Aegis Ashore
t Android 5.0 L Update Introduced For Nexus 5 and 7, Beta Availiable, Official Fall  ...
e James Franco on Undies Selfie: "It's What the People Want!"
e Will Jennifer Lopez and Keith Urban Duet?
t Netflix falls most since October on potential Apple competition
e Miley Cyrus, ill and hospitalized, postpones concerts in Tennessee and Kentucky
e Rehab for LaBeouf
b Wal-Mart to jump into secondhand video game market
e Beyonce's Latest Instagram Photos Will Make You Want to Book a Holiday
b Report: California has lost 6.5 million acre-feet of water
m Autism rates jump again, affecting 1 in 68 children
t HTC One Mini 2 Takes On The HTC One M8 (Video)
t Security warning from Microsoft
e Get to know Eric Hill of 'The Bachelorette 2014' with Andi Dorfman
t China bans Windows 8 on its government computers
t Lunar eclipse coming
t Rare Friday the 13th Honey Moon Tonight
e Andi Dorfman and Josh Murray Head Back to Atlanta, Show PDA at the Airport  ...
t Apple Puts IBM Rivalry to Rest With Deal to Reach Businesses (1)
m Car crashes a risk factor for pregnant women in second trimester, Canadian  ...
b BSkyB share price: Company confirms talks with Fox over Sky Deutschland, Italia
b HP may have to cut 16000 more jobs
e Revenge served cold
e Zachary Levi has married actress Missy Peregrym
e Screen Legend Eli Wallach Passes Away
t Microsoft to discontinue Surface Tablet
b San Francisco warns Monkey app to stop auctioning parking spots
e Batman vs. Superman won't back down from Captain America 3, David S. Goyer  ...
e McCartney Laid Up in Japan
e Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert use the force to support 'Star Wars' campaign
b Automakers report robust March sales
b Here's Why Pinterest's New Funding Is Good News For Your Business
m Cheesecake Factory scores a hat trick in 2014 Xtreme Eating Awards
e CALLERI: 'Spider-Man' doesn't quite amaze, but some dancing children do
t Newly discovered Kepler-186f most Earth-like exoplanet ever found
m How your fears are passed on to your kids
m Deadly Ebola virus spreading in West Africa
m Skin Cancer Patients Have More Treatment Options
m TV Chefs Should Stop Washing Raw Chicken on Screen, Warns Food Standards  ...
e Transformers: Age of Extinction review
b Senator Calls for Burger King Boycott Over Inversion Talks
b IMF Cuts U.S. 2014 Growth Forecast
e You won't BELIEVE how George Clooney wooed fiancée Amal Alamuddin
t An Apple Smart Home Could Be the Ultimate Kind of Lock-in
t Watch Son of God Online Full Movie 2013 Free Director by Christopher Spencer  ...
t Half-Life 2 and Portal arrive to Shield users via Google Play
b Fed, in wait-and-see mode, unlikely to shift course this week or signal time for  ...
e DWTS Contestants Bring The Heat As Ricky Martin Guest Judges On Latin Night  ...
e Review: Daniel Radcliffe in Broadway's 'The Cripple of Inishmaan'
e Freddie Prinze Jr. on Working with Kiefer Sutherland: "I Hated Every Moment of It"
b FDA Bans Some Imports From India's Sun Pharma; Shares Plunge (1)
b Shell cuts Woodside stake from 23% to 4.5% (01:07)
b No surprises! Investors can only brace for a rate cut post elections, say analysts
e Adorable little girl doesn't want her brother to grow up
b US stocks open higher after solid earnings from Yahoo, PNC; Encouraging news  ...
t Huge Wingspan 1
b AIG profit falls 27%
t Microsoft India Announces Price Cut for 250GB Xbox 360 Console
t Unfortunate Details Suggest iWatch Having Poor Battery Performance!
e Nephew held without bail in rapper's shooting
b Cowen Comments on BlackBerry (BBRY) Q1 Results
m Family health: Know the risks and signs of malignant melanoma
t Censoring the press: 'Right to be forgotten' judges are digital counter  ...
e Roaring arrival
e Hair-hanging circus acrobat wants to return to ring after fall
b Federal highway fund cutoff threatens transportation projects
t NASA begins construction on 2016 Mars Lander, named InSight
b China's July PMI rises to 2-yr peak at 51.7
e There's a new vibe at 'Idol,' Keith Urban says
e 'Wheel of Fortune' Contestant Solves Crazy-Hard Puzzle in One Guess
t Microsoft Kills Off 'Select' Nokia Android Devices
e The First 'Gotham' Trailer is Here! Watch It Now!
e Blended Review
b Ed Miliband U-turns to meet Pfizer chief Ian Read
e The Hottest Stories Right Now!
e Angelina Jolie Made Honorary Dame In Queen's Birthday Honours List  ...
e Picasso Portrait Of Mystery Man Revealed
e Khloe Kardashian Celebrates Her 30th Birthday With French Montana
e Home > Gwyneth Paltrow > Gwyneth Paltrow Trying To Relive Glory Days?
b Asian Stocks Rise On US Earnings, China Data
e Eminem and Rihanna to co-headline three-stop stadium tour
e Gwyneth Paltrow Manipulates Chris Martin
b Emirates Airlines cancels order for 70 of Airbus' troubled A350
t Apple iPhone 6 vs Samsung Galaxy S5: iPhone 6 Top Features That WilL Kill  ...
e #Cancel Your Outrage: Stephen Colbert Is Not a Racist
e Lupita Nyong'o's disco make-up
e 'The Originals' Spoilers: Elijah Stuns Klaus after Comparing Him to Mikael  ...
e Ailing McCartney cancels, rebooks Tokyo concert
m 7 Mln Deaths Link to Air Pollution Worldwide in 2012: WHO
t Lima's new engine
t Weird Mars lights not alien life: Nasa
e Sherlock Will Return At Christmas, 2015
m Exercise May Decrease Type 2 Diabetes Risk In High-Risk Women
e How 'The Fault in Our Stars' became a cult sensation
t Heartbleed bug gets plugged
b Zillow Inc (Z) Buys Out Trulia Inc (TRLA) In $3.5B All Stock Deal
b NBA Calendar
b Feds ease water cutbacks to California farmers
b Short-Term Rates Should Be Raised Steadily - Fed's George
e Home News Science fiction film fails to deliver despite...
m WHO, experts raise questions about newly revealed Saudi MERS cases
b What the Hell Is Happening With Obamacare?
e Jason Momoa To Play Aquaman, Get Punched In The Face
t LADEE meets Moon: High-speed impact ends probe's mission
e Prince William Celebrates First Father's Day, See New Portrait Of Him With Son  ...
m Experts Watching MERS Outbreak for Global Menace
b Facebook Hits $2.5 Billion In Revenue, Active Mobile Users Top One Billion
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West's Daughter North West Wears Half-Carat Diamond  ...
t UN Climate Report Seeks 'Clear-Cut' Economics to Guide Actions
m Head of Census Bureau says ND's growth presents challenges for 2020 count
t Larger iPhones to enter production next month?
t Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 range leaked with specs
t Republicans nab approval for '.gop' Internet domain
t Facebook Forces Users Worldwide To Download Messenger For Mobile Chat
e Hollywood mourns loss of Mickey Rooney at age 93
b This Entrepreneur Says She'll Take Down Sephora
b Don't get sick! Kraft RECALLING 1.2 million cases of cottage cheese!
b LinkedIn Celebrates Record 300 Million Members
e American Idol: Caleb Johnson seeks redemption, Jena Irene seeks perfection (+  ...
e Bikini-Clad Hilary Duff Is 'Chasing the Sun' In New Video
e Another Hurdle For Pamela Anderson
b US new home sales drop 2.4% to 412000 annual rate
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Mini to hit retail mid-July, sport some premium specs  ...
b Alibaba's Treasure May Not Open Doors for Yahoo
b Facebook CEO reaps $3.3 billion gain from stock options
b Christine Lagarde under investigation
e Got $10? JJ Abrams may have 'Star Wars' spot for you
b NC unemployment rate falls to 6.4 percent in February
e 'The Leftovers' Leads With Its Troubled Mood Rather Than Intense Plotting, But  ...
e Beyonce And Jay-Z: As Split Rumours Continue, Inside Their Secretive Marriage
t Google ads could be coming to thermostats, refrigerators and car dashboards  ...
b Oracle Corporation (ORCL) news: Oracle Appears Undervalued [SAP AG (ADR)]
e 'A Gentleman's Guide' leads Tony nominations with 10
b Sector Update: Energy Shares Mixed Pre-Market as Crude Oil Futures Slip
b 1st LD Writethru: Crude prices drop on Libya supplies
e COURTNEY LOVE AND DAVE GROHL FINALLY RECONCILE DURING  ...
m Eldorado man who survived plague dies at 65
b Alcoa Beats Estimates as Aluminum Smelting Unit Recovers
b Yellen Says Extraordinary Support Needed for 'Some Time'
e Game Of Thrones Season 1: What Youve Forgotten
b China says charges are 'absurd'
b America's Housing Market Is Broken
e GWAR manager on David Brockie's death: 'My focus right now is to look after my  ...
m Ebola outbreak calls for drastic action, WHO warns
t Apple seeking $2.2B from Samsung for patent infringement
b Nvidia's Revenue Outlook Exceeds Expectations
b Google Shopping Is Offering Free Same-Day Delivery in Manhattan
e Hot or gross? Selena Gomez is dating Orlando Bloom
t Captain Toad: Treasure Tracker News for Wii U
t Texas 17-Year Old Scams Thousands of Android Users With Fake AV App
m Staying active may help prevent dementia
b Women escape death on railroad bridge
b IBM Hardware Struggles Continue As Profits Rise
b Pandora earnings: Listeners, outlook to get attention
b UPDATE 1-BG sells UK CATS gas pipeline stake to infrastructure fund
b Carney: Estimate for rates to hit 2-3% 'not unreasonable'
t Titanfall's First DLC Map Pack Launches in May - $10 for 3 Maps
b Strategic Maneuvers in Valeant-Allergan Takeover Battle Continue
m FDA approves long-delayed inhalable insulin drug Afrezza from MannKind
m PTC Therapeutics Gets Warm Hug From Europe for DMD Drug; Prosensa Rises  ...
b Wal-Mart jumps into the money transfer biz, loudly
e St. Clair Shores native Dave Coulier ties the knot
b Dollar edges lower against euro and yen
t Apple® and IBM enter into exclusive partnership to transform enterprise mobility  ...
t Windows Phone 8.1 Update preview to roll out next week, bringing Cortana to  ...
e Why Godzilla Is A Misunderstood Giant of A Monster Movie
t Google I/O 2014, the short version
e Christian leaders defend 'Noah' in special featurette
e Piers Morgan ends final CNN show with a gun control plea - video
e Mickey Rooney: a good thing in a small package
m Genes may influence weight gain from fried foods
e Jared Leto, Jonah Hill win MTV Movie Awards; Conan gets things off to a  ...
e How Maya Angelou Became San Francisco's First African-American Female  ...
t Apple nearing $3.2 billion deal to buy Beats Electronics' popular line of  ...
b Obama administration allows extra time to enroll for health care
b Europe close: Stocks decline as Eurozone inflation falls
t Feds' computers vulnerable without upgrade
b Etihad to acquire 49% of Alitalia
e Is the force strong with you? JJ Abrams announces $10 lottery to appear in the  ...
t Facebook Buying Mobile-Data Company Pryte
b Argentina stocks plunge after US court ruling on debt
m Simple blood test may predict risk of developing Alzheimer's disease
t Microsoft Seeks To Flood China With Cheap Windows Tablets [Rumor]
e Asheville's Caleb Johnson wins 'American Idol'
e Katy Perry launches Metamorphosis Music label, signs Ferras
t Amazon Launches Kindle Unlimited: Acess to e-Books, Audio for $9.99 a Month
t Twitter Adds 'Mute' Button For More Feed Control
b GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks resume downward trend; US bonds rally
t Money Minute: FTC Accuses T-Mobile of Bogus Billing
t Gary Cameron/Reuters
t Ship Found During Ground Zero Excavation Traced Back To 1773
e Jena Irene advances to Top 3 on 'Idol' and sets a Michigan record
b European stock markets hit by AstraZeneca and Dt Bank
b Fed: Big banks do get all the breaks
e Lena Dunham wears pink, Kerry in orange for Emmys
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West wedding: Guests jet off to Italy
t VIDEO: Netflix CEO Slams ISPs For 'Extracting A Toll Because They Can'
e Chris Martin And Peter Gabriel Perform Together At Rock Hall Of Fame Ceremony
t Samsung losing smartphone battle
e Justin Bieber And Selena Gomez's 'Honey' Remake Is The Best Thing Ever
t Microsoft unveils Android-powered Nokia X2
e Adrienne Bailon claws out at Kardashians
t Daily Tech Briefing: April 7, 2014
b Here's What Experts Think Will Happen to Interest Rates in 2014
t Diamonds could help make computers faster and more powerful
m Young blood may hold key to reversing ageing
e Miley Cyrus Decides It's Too Soon For A New Pup
m Study finds Teens are drinking less, texting more
e Dave Grohl Reveals Foo Fighters Album and TV Show Details (A Top Story)
b NYMEX crude oil dips in Asia as supplies seen ample despite Iraq concern
e tvtype: Stephen Colbert visits the 'Late Show With David Letterman'
e Angelina Jolie perfected her voice for Maleficent while bathing her kids
e Lena Dunham Is Sorry for Using Molestation as a Punch Line
m Ebola – Guinea on high alert
b Stocks Rise In Soft Trade; Hewlett-Packard Up On Job Cuts
b What to Watch in Fed Chairwoman Janet Yellen's Testimony This Week
t Red Hat (RHT) Posts Quarterly Earnings, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS
e Godzilla Producers Still Expect Gareth Edwards To Direct Next Installment After  ...
t We are a step closer to finding life in space: NASA discovers earth-size planet in  ...
b 22/04/2014GSK, Novartis unveil major healthcare revamp
e Seth Rogen - Seth Rogen reveals original Bad Neighbours script
m African states agree Ebola strategy
t International police operation against cyber-criminals in 16 countries
e Transformers/GI Joe crossover is a "possibility"
b 20/03/2014Luxury group Mulberry announces resignation of CEO
t Harley-Davidson Downgraded to Market Perform at Raymond James (HOG)
b Markets today: 5 things you may have missed
t Freezing Earth-Like Planet Discovered In Two-Star System 3000 Light-Years  ...
e Kathy Griffin Needs to Join Rosie O'Donnell on 'The View'
e 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' Posters Give A Detailed Look At The Heroes In A  ...
b Ride-Sharing App Uber Launches in Saudi Arabia
t 'Largest Flying Bird' Discovered
t PetMatch App Finds You A Cat Or Dog That Resembles A Lost Companion  ...
t Google adds camera surveillance to Nest – amid a flurry of acquisitions
t Microsoft completes acquisition of Nokia Devices and Services
t Giant carnivorous chicken dinosaur is first of its kind
e Taylor Swift makes more money than Justin Timberlake and Beyonce
e Christie, Fallon demonstrate 'Evolution of Dad Dancing'
t Titanfall Reportedly Helps Boost Xbox One Sales In The UK
e 'Castle' Season 6 Spoilers: Season Finale Sees 'Trouble' With Beckett's Past
e HBO shows coming to Amazon...not Netflix
b Carnival Corporation (NYSE:CCL) Slips Despite Fiscal Q2 EPS Beat
t Facebook launches FBNewswire to become journalists' best friend
e Game of Thrones: Series 4, episode 5: First of His Name - Sky Atlantic, Monday  ...
e Chipotle's Putting Essays On Its Cups So You Can Brain Up At Lunch
t Big Night Out 16 April
e Dancing With the Stars 2014: Meryl Davis and Maksim Chmerkovskiy's Week 3  ...
e Justin Bieber Responds to Seth Rogen's Trash Talking
b GM boosting China production capacity to 5 million, expects Cadillac sales in  ...
e Jay Z's long lost master recordings were involved in an alleged extortion plot
e Ex-Journey Frontman Steve Perry Back On Stage In St. Paul
e Movie Review: TRANSCENDENCE
e Transformers: Age of Extinction: Lorenzo di Bonaventura Interview
e Lady Gaga plays it short, but sweet
t Astronauts Will Watch The 2014 Football World Cup From Space: NASA
m 'Young Blood' Improves Brain, Muscle Function Of Aging Mice
t Microsoft's cross-platform smartwatch could be released in October
m Pregnant drivers more likely to crash
t GM reveals the cost of turning your vehicle into a 4G LTE Wi-Fi hotspot
e 'Grey's Anatomy' finale spoiler: Mall explosion, terrorists and life decisions
t Oyster e-book subscription service lands on Android
e Watch: The moment when complete strangers were asked to KISS!
e Review: 'Noah' Doesn't Quite Work, But See It Anyway
t iPhone 5S seven-day free trial with unlimited data from T-Mobile – Here's the deal
b US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St opens lower after JPMorgan results
e 'The Voice' Top 10 Results: One Contestant Gets Saved By a Landslide
e The Rolling Stones - Rolling Stones: 'Mick Jagger Is Too Devastated To Perform'
m Scientists map mental illness' effects on life expectancy
t Google Announces Android TV, an OS for the Television
e Ailing Morrissey Cancels US Dates
t Tesla CEO: Want to use our technology? Go ahead! (PHOTOS)
b CBS's (CBS) CEO Leslie Moonves on Q1 2014 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
b Boeing in $56-bn deal to sell 150 777X planes to Emirates
e Justin Bieber posts video of Tom Hanks dancing at wedding
b Russia's Gazprom Files USD4.5 Billion Lawsuit Against Ukraine's Naftogaz
m Former Boston mayor Thomas Menino is being treated for advanced-staged  ...
t Video: Watch Watch Dogs, dogs
b Stock Update: Amazon.com Inc (NASDAQ:AMZN) – Will Sales Taxes Doom  ...
t Statement By Achim Steiner at the IPCC Working ...
t Emissions Test To Cost $468 Million
b Stocks end third straight down day, Nasdaq losses deepen
b Janet Yellen Says Fed Will Emphasize Stronger Regulation
t Google launches 'time machine' feature
e North Korea Hates Seth Rogen's New Movie
e Christina Aguilera, Matt Rutler expecting baby girl
b Unheralded Global Mid-Cap ETF Demands Attention
e Lars Ulrich Says Metallica Most Excited to See Dolly Parton at Glastonbury  ...
b Amazon: 'Hachette paying authors too little on e-books'
t Samsung Galaxy S5 rollout moved forward in South Korea
t Amazon Dash may change grocery shopping
t 'Look, Ma, No Steering Wheel' in Google's Autonomous Car
b Varanasi authorities order closure of Coca-Cola plant
b Shire Q2 Profit Climbs, Lifts FY14 Growth Forecast - Update
e Happy Birthday To Christian Grey, Here's The First Still From 'Fifty Shades Of Grey'
b MARKET ANALYSIS: Global Growth Worries May Pressure Stocks
b ForexLive Asia Wrap: Cable rockets early
b Any Similarity Between U.S. And U.K. Recoveries Is More Apparent Than Real
m MERS Virus Reported in Illinois
e Mark Ruffalo blames Ben Affleck for coming between him and Jennifer Garner
b Bank of England policymakers preparing for rate rise this year
e The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back  ...
b Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO): Alibaba Group Declares First Earnings Report Before IPO
t Google enhances Gmail security to keep us safe from spying eyes of the  ...
b The Goldman Banker Who Led Twitter's IPO Anthony Noto Is Its New CFO
m Canada on lookout for MERS as cases spread worldwide
t Nokia to be rechristened soon, will be called Microsoft Mobile
t Games Inbox: Nintendo Fusion rumours, Sonic Adventure hate, and Bound By  ...
t “Cosmos” Is Full of Wonder and (Evil) Spaceships
b Home»News»Business»Applications for US jobless benefits fall to 302000; 4  ...
b Hewlett-Packard Co, shareholders settle suits over Autonomy deal; agree to  ...
e Powdered Alcohol Gets Approved. Then Unapproved. So What's Next?
e Kim Kardashian: Bored and Miserable on Kimye Honeymoon?!?
e 'Transcendence': All sizzle, no steak
b Amazon ties Twitter, impulse buys together via #AmazonCart
b Euro to GBP Exchange Rate close to one-and-a-half year low
t 'Halo' creators fire up a game sequel, TV series
t Facebook plans to use drones, satellites to provide Internet to everyone
t 8 key features of iOS 8
b Case-Shiller: Home prices up 16.9% in March
t How To Watch Apple's WWDC 2014 Keynote Online
m Could the deadly Ebola virus spread to Britain?
b Yellen Sees Room for Stronger Capital Rules
b Oil's Rise Not Just About Iraq, Expect $130 by 2015 [BP plc, Exxon Mobil  ...
e 9 of the most insane MTV Movie Awards moments ever
b Missing Malaysia Airlines plane: relatives protest at press conference
t Surface Pro 3: Find out what critics are saying about Microsoft's tablet-laptop
e Nicki Minaj's Wardrobe Malfunction at MTV VMA's: 'Anaconda' Singer Struggles  ...
b Twitter names former Goldman banker as finance chief
t 'Mario Kart 8' News: Photos Show Plumber Brothers At NASCAR's History 300  ...
b Alibaba picks US for IPO; in talks with 6 banks for lead roles
e Sofia Coppola directing live action The Little Mermaid adaptation
e Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Trailer Coming After Twitter Determines  ...
t Weekly gas prices: Little relief
e on Apr 14, 2014 12:09 PM EDT
e Watch: Cameron Diaz And Jason Segal Make A 'Sex Tape'
m Liberia Woman Describes How She Lived Through Ebola
t Climate Change poses major threat to human health
e Prairie Nerds: 'Game of Thrones' author curses those who say he's going to die
t Your Old Beater Could Get a Bite of Apple CarPlay Action Soon, Via Alpine  ...
b Twitter and Omnicom Strike $230 Million Mobile Ad Deal
b What's next in the stalled hunt for Flight 370?
t Steve Wozniak treats Samsung Galaxy Gear like a mouldy Apple core
b Merck-Bayer deal won't impact Indian operations much
b Ronald McDonald's Makeover Is Creepy on a Bun
e Pharrell Williams Joins The Voice US To Replace Cee Lo Green
t Cisco Reveals Multi-year Sales And Go-to-market Deal With Microsoft
m Cloned embryo created from adult tissue
e First look at Michael Bay's Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
e Robert Pattinson lies a lot, and it's down to 'heavy saliva'. Er, sure.
b Thousands of fast-food workers protest for higher wages, unions at McDonald's  ...
b Malaysia says search to shift to smaller area
t Google, Viacom settle outmoded YouTube copyright suit
b Nearly 140 Arrested At Protest Outside McDonald's HQ
e Lunchtime musings: Chipotle adding original content to packaging
b Big Oil Is Cashing In on the Iraq Crisis
e Game of Thrones Season Four – Episode 5 Review
b JPMorgan Chase CEO on Detroit plan: 'This could be our finest moment'
t Google Security: Chrome, Chrome OS, Android Immune To Heartbleed Bug  ...
b Russia Says Ukraine Troop Pullout Underway; NATO Says No
e Paul Simon - Paul Simon And Edie Brickell's Disorderly Conduct Charges Dropped
t Microsoft to Sell Xbox in China for the First Time
e Pamela Anderson speaks at Cannes about being sexually assaulted as a child
t Samsung Claims "Breakthrough" in Magical Material Graphene Production
e Shia LaBeouf 'Receiving Treatment for Alcohol Addiction,' But Don't Call it Rehab
b WRAPUP 1-US housing regaining footing as supply improves
e Floyd Mayweather, TI Brawl Over Instagram Photos In Las Vegas (Video)
e Jamie Lynn Spears is married
e Zac Efron And Seth Rogen Wear Drag For 'Tonight Show' Skit
t $15 Bounty Offered for Each New Google Apps User
m San Diego Zoo Safari Park's Baby Gorilla Is Movin' and Groovin'
e The Cricket's Daily 3: Viva Cannes!
e Brian Williams Raps "Gin and Juice" (and it is GLORIOUS)
t Tablets look set to overtake PCs by 2015
b Democrats' Equal Pay Push Is 'Condescending,' GOP Rep. Lynn Jenkins Says
b Global economy to grow by 3.6%: IMF
e Have you seen Kim Kardashian's Hollywood video game? It's brillawful
t Apple (AAPL) Makes Its Newest iMac More Affordable
t Netflix raises prices by a $1
t Americans Don't Trust Robots, DNADaily Edition
t GDC 2014: Biggest news from the gaming conference
t Asus plans to launch sub-$100 Android Wear device that could be the thinnest  ...
b Purchase of DirecTV To Make AT&T Major Player in Video
e Pink Floyd to Release New Album in October, Says David Gilmour's Wife
t US court denies Apple's injunction to stop sales of Samsung smart devices
t Samsung's SIM-enabled smartwatch to be known as Gear Solo?
m Frostie, the baby goat is back in action after being fitted with a special wheelchair
e Eurovision 2014: Discover the Danish host city of Copenhagen
b Brent oil futures drop more than 1% as Middle East worries abate
b House Prices Still Not Growing Fast Enough
e Jem And The Holograms Is Starting To Look Like A Disney Original Movie
t It Sounds Like Microsoft Is Going To Announce A Mini Version Of The Surface  ...
t Facebook Is Buying Exercise-Tracking App Moves
t Apple Inc. (AAPL) news: All Signs Point To Apple Ecosystem Success
e 'Draft Day' is an off-season gift
t Microsoft: Going through your 'private' emails is like searching 'ourselves'
t Clear skies expected for 'supermoon' Saturday
b BNP Paribas Co-COO to Retire Amid Alleged US Sanction Violations
b Alstom board approves GE bid to buy power business
e All five Garth Brooks comeback gigs in Dublin scrapped
e RIP Walter Dean Myers, children's book author
e Jimmy Page 'fed up' with Robert Plant's refusal to reunite Led Zeppelin
b PRASA Says It Doesn't Plan to Restructure
b Hillshire Brands (NYSE: HSH) Stock Soars 22% on Pilgrim's Pride Proposal
b Deep global stock market sell-off is coming
e 'Peanuts' 3D movie debuts first teaser trailer -- VIDEO
b Stocks Slip Amid Deals News
b Redskins' attorney: 'We've seen this story before'
e Tickets for rescheduled Miley Cyrus show on sale Friday
b Q&A: A French economist's grim view of weath gap
b McDonald's ruling sparks business-labor firestorm
e Survey says the real meaning of Easter is ... candy
e Character actor Eli Wallach dead at age 98
b Sales of US existing homes fell in March to lowest level in 20 months in face of  ...
t Google will roll out a bunch of new features
b Detroit may end up privatizing water department
t Twitter May Remove @-replies, Hashtags
m Amedisys to pay $150M for false Medicare claims
b Q4 GDP Growth Revised Up to 2.6%
e Tweenagers in an 'ET'-like adventure
e Jessica Simpson Shows Off Muscular Legs And Impressive Cleavage In Sexy  ...
e Johnny Weir Announces Split from Husband: 'My Heart Hurts'
b Downward Dog or Downward Spiral? Subway Removes 'Yoga Mat' Chemical  ...
b Some airlines ground pricey limes from beverage service
e Confirmed: Jason Momoa Will Play Aquaman in Batman v Superman: Dawn of  ...
b Time Warner Cable Inc (TWC) sued by Los Angeles city attorney
e Check Out This List Of Five Possible Directors Who Can Replace Edgar Wright  ...
b Earnings Preview: Will Adobe Systems Incorporated (NASDAQ:ADBE) 2Q  ...
e Fans Honor Gabriel Garcia Marquez in Mexico City
e Gwyneth Paltrow implies 9-to-5 working moms have it easier: 'it's not like being  ...
t Apple Retires iPad 2, Replaces It With Fourth-Gen Retina iPad
e Mary Rodgers Guettel
e Going Through Channels
b Europe shares close lower as China, Crimea concerns remain
b Google could spend $37.6b buying foreign firms
t Driverless cars set to grace UK's public roads
e Pics:Kim K caught exposing huge side-boob
t Nadella: Microsoft Isn't Giving Up On The Xbox Or Bing
b Battle Between 'Big Taxi' And Rideshare Apps Heats Up
t Apple's Q2 earnings show iPad fever fading
b Prodemocracy H.K. legislators walk out to protest against Leung
t Google Offers Glass to the Public (of Rich Golf Fans)
m Dr. Oz Grilled By Senator Over “Miracle” Weight-Loss Claims
b Calling All Authors: Amazon Isn't the Worst Offender
t Microsoft: Billion-Dollar Charge to Begin Shift Away from Devices, Says Nomura
e Khloe Kardashian throws shade at Selena Gomez following rumours that Kylie  ...
b Savannah gas prices take slight dip
m Eye Scans May Reveal Amyloid Plaque Burdens
t S is for SMACKDOWN: Samsung takes Galaxy Tab slab attack fruit-side
e Affairs to remember: High-profile cheating
t Could This Be The Samsung Galaxy Glass?
t Apple Settles over E-Book Fixing Scandal but Is It Good for Consumers?
b Why Warren Buffett Still Believes in Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.
e Ariana Grande Nude Pics Surface Online And Trend Nationally On Twitter  ...
e Zendaya to play late R&B singer Aaliyah in Lifetime biopic
e 36 Avicii Fans Hospitalized After Boston Concert
t ET Review: Samsung Gear 2
t 10 must-see videos of the week
t 2014 New York Auto Show LIVE: Jeep Renegade
t Risk of asteroid hitting Earth higher than thought
e Adrienne Bailon Responds to Kim Kardashian Diss
e ABC Renews 'S.H.I.E.L.D' And Orders 'Captain America' Spin-Off
t Mars rover Opportunity makes travel history
e Fishnets And Nothing Else! Kim Kardashian Bares All In New IG Post
e 'Muppets Most Wanted' stuffed with all the things we love
e The Voice Season 6 Battle Rounds: Watch Cierra Mickens vs. Emily B. (VIDEO)
b UPDATE 1-Argentina seeks legal case against US in The Hague
e Box office preview: Sequel showdown
e Rick (Andrew Lincoln) and Carl (Chandler Riggs) take center stage in the  ...
b Stocks advance as tech stocks rise
m Skin cancer rates on the rise in Canada
b Jobs Numbers Buoys Dow Above 17000 For The First Time
e 'Game of Thrones' Movie May Be in the Works
t Google Project Zero Security Initiative Wants To Hack The Planet
t NCNGN issues full statement about AT&T network proposal
e Movies opening this weekend
b Gilts Advance as BOE Minutes Damp Bets of Imminent Rate Increase
e Kris Jenner Wants 'Circus Theme Wedding' For Kourtney Kardashian And Scott  ...
e Robert Downey Jr and Wife Susan are Expecting Baby Number Two
t NASA's moon-orbiting robot crashes down as planned
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Release Date: Device Specifications Could be Similar  ...
e Kermit the Frog visits Daily News' offices to answer fans' questions in video chat
b Camera Captures Close Call On Barcelona Runway
m Diet Soda Helps Short-Term Weight Loss, According to Industry-Funded Study
b US stocks sink again
b Delta Profit Beats Estimates as Travel Surge Trumps Storm
m Hunterdon is healthiest county in New Jersey; Somerset second
t Microsoft's Nokia buyout a done deal: 5 things you need to know
m How to prepare raw chicken safely
b Issac Bailey blog | Report: 'Obamacare,' slowdown in health spending add 13  ...
b Which Banks Are in Holder's Firing Line?
e Stunning opening weekend for 4th Transformers movie
t Samsung Galaxy S5 launches in the UK
e Hotel to investigate leak of Solange vs Jay Z 'attack' video Met Gala clip leaked  ...
e PEOPLE names Most Beautiful Woman
t Genghis Khan's Secret Weapon Was Rain
t Xbox One Titanfall to launch at 792p, might increase later
b S&P 500 index holds close to record level
e Megan Fox Gets In on the Action for 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' Trailer  ...
b Food Industry Sues To Block Vermont GMO Labeling Law
e The Bachelorette Season 10 Episode 6 Recap: Unmasking Feelings
e Celebrate 75 Wonderful 'Wizard of Oz' Years At These Travel Destinations
t Samsung unveils Galaxy K zoom mobile with 20mp camera
b IMF cuts US growth forecast this year
e Christ Bearer Severed Penis With Steak Knife While On PCP, Source Says
b Wearable activity camera maker GoPro files for a $100 million IPO
b Hidden 4% UST Bond Yields Provide Return And Protection
t Prepare Yourself for the Exomoons
b Target Wants You to Leave Your Guns at Home
t Heartland Institute Climate Experts Respond to Obama Administration's Climate  ...
b S.African metal strike disrupts work at Eskom -building firm
e Insane Clown Posse Loses Gang Lawsuit
t High tech 'Watch Dogs' worth the waith
e No separation anxiety for Paltrow
t 'Cosmos' Recap: Ghosts and Illusions of Universe Laid Bare
e 'Orphan Black' Stars and EP on Shady Allies, Clone Crushes and Season 2  ...
b For store credit, Walmart will accept old video games
e Dancing With the Stars Goes Disney — The Viggle Minute (VIDEO)
e Get the Most Popular Beauty World News Stories in a Weekly Newsletter
e Minaj, Grande, Jessie J debut 'Bang Bang' at VMAs
e Beyoncé Leads MTV VMA Nominations with Eight, Woke Up Like This
e Lindsay Lohan Sues 'Grand Theft Auto V,' Claims Game Illegally Used Her  ...
e Lifetime Is Doing A Whitney Houston Movie! You Better Get Excited About Who's  ...
m Study to ask: Do mobile phones hurt teen brains?
e Melissa McCarthy calls 'Tammy' a 'love letter to Illinois'
e Comedian David Brenner, 'Tonight Show' favorite, dead at 78
e Angelo's Pizza Ice Bucket Challenge adds to amazing month for ALS
m Drinking Coffee Prevents Eye Damage, As Antioxidants Keep Your Retinas  ...
e TV Weekend: Walking Dead finale vows to 'shock'
b BNP is not alone: EU banks could lose up to €80 bn in sanctions
t Google Is Trying to Trademark the Word 'Glass', Currently Having Some Issues
m Eye Stem Cell Treatments to Begin in Dubai - Middle East
t Ford's Takedown Of The Cadillac 'Poolside' Ad Is Perfect
b Lagarde denies wrongdoing in the Bernard Tapie
m West Nile virus found in Twin Cities metro area
t Microsoft updates Office for Android & iPhone – free app to view & edit Office docs
t Titanfall review: Is new Xbox One multiplayer shooter worth buying a new  ...
e Kim Kardashian flaunts in Paris ahead of wedding
e HBO drama 'Leftovers' probes the trauma of a missing 2 percent
t Samsung Android Wear Smartwatches Will Get Unique Features In The Future
e Justin Bieber Caught Using The N-Word Again, Talks Joining KKK
e Miley Cyrus Back on Bangerz Tour After Illness — Naughtier Than Ever! (NSFW  ...
b Health care tops other industries for highest median CEO pay, again
e Billy Dee Williams to leave 'DWTS' over back problems
e Cannes Jury Honors Julianne Moore, Foxcatcher, Winter Sleep
b Main French bank agrees to 9bn dollars settlement with US prosecutors
e 'Winter Soldier' sequel speculation - what should and shouldn't be in 'Captain  ...
t Mary Barra apologises, says GM will do the right thing
t Kepler 186f - First Earth-sized Planet Orbiting in Habitable Zone of Another Star
e Watch: Lana Del Rey's video for "West Coast"
b WTO: Nirmala Sitharaman asserts India's stand remains the same
b American stock moves up as it says profit margin is improving
e Lena Dunham makes molestation joke, apologizes and adds 'women can have a  ...
b Mortgage rates hit a 2014 low
b European stocks drop as data disappoints
e Final 'Game of Thrones' Trailer is All Revenge and Dragons
m Prostate Cancer Tests 'Offer False Hope'
m 2 Peace Corps volunteers are isolated after contact with person who later died of  ...
t Why Would Apple Pay $3.2bn for Dr. Dre's Beats?
b Positive earnings reports from Citigroup, Netflix, Facebook help stocks rebound
m Research Reveals Why Pot Can Make People Paranoid
b Boeing Gets $56B Emirates Airline Order
e Kasem: the voice of American Top 40
b Shares Soar to Records on Jobs Report
e Who won Dancing With The Stars 2014? Results! Meryl Davis or Amy Purdy?
b FOREX-Dollar on ice as markets await Yellen's testimony
t RootMetrics: T-Mobile network best in Kansas City, fastest in Boston
b AstraZeneca PLC rejects Pfizer Inc. final offer of 55 pounds per share
t How to watch the new meteor shower (Hint: Stay up really late)
e 'Transcendence' Reviews: Is the Johnny Depp Thriller Trippy or Tedious?
t AAA: Gas Prices Up a Penny in Rhode Island
b Austrian gas company boss stresses Europe's need for Russian energy
e Hollywood Is on Crack: What This Weekend's Horrible Holiday Box Office Says  ...
m Will County again among state's healthiest counties
b Mt. Gox says it found 200000 bitcoins in 'forgotten' wallet 0
t Andrew "Weev" Auernheimer's Conviction Thrown Out
e Whitney Houston movie in pipeline
e Capital Cities Billboard Music Awards Q&A: On Daft Punk, Disclosure & More
b IMF throws Ukraine financial lifeline, Russia isolated
e Jimmy Fallon Welcomes Kermit the Frog on “The Tonight Show”
t Google Nexus 6, Nexus 8/9 Release Dates Remain Alive; Rollout Likely Pegged  ...
e RICHMOND, Va. - The Virginia medical examiner's office says Dave Brockie, the  ...
e STREAM: Jack White – “Lazaretto”
t Upcoming Moto E will set the price bar even lower
e Britney Spears Sued by Dancer Claiming Singer Broke Her Nose
b Siemens sets Alstom bid date
b Forex Market: NZD/USD touches fresh 2-1/2-year highs as NZ trade surplus  ...
b Lockheed Wins $915 Million Award for Space-Junk Tracking
e Emma Stone, Sof&#237;a Vergara, and Mindy Kaling React to Mean Tweets
e Sofia Vergara splits from fiance
m 'Super' banana, genetically engineered to improve lives, to face first human trial
t Senators Put The Pressure On Over Delayed GM Recall
t Microsoft completes Nokia takeover
e Bill Cosby Tightropes The Tonight Show Studio With Jimmy Fallon On His Back  ...
e Matt Lauer Here 'Today' Here Tomorrow
b No sign of plane in ocean search
e Tarantino: Digital screenings have killed cinema
t Google I/O: Android Auto-new Operating System for Cars
e Did Christians really 'steal' Easter?
e Comedian & Actor John Pinette Found Dead In His Hotel Room At Age 50
b US STOCKS-S&P 500, Dow dip as DuPont warns; Nasdaq edges up
e Showtime's 'Penny Dreadful': A project Hartnett couldn't resist
t Net Neutrality: What's Really Happening?
t Traveling through time on Google street view maps
m Brain scans might show which coma patients are likely to wake up
t Microsoft to complete Nokia deal on Friday -- and become big-time Android player
e Ray J To Kim Kardashian: Congrats On Nuptials, Here's A Check From Our  ...
m What you need to know about the Chikungunya virus
b Netflix speaks out against Comcast–Time Warner megadeal
t Government: You can still drive recalled GM cars
e New Music: Michael Jackson - 'Do You Know Where Your Children Are'
t Rumor Becomes Reality: Facebook Finally Confirms Solar Drone Internet Project
e 'Mrs. Doubtfire' Sequel to Reunite Robin Williams and Chris Columbus
t San Francisco Bar Will Give A Free Drink To Anyone Wearing Google Glass
t iFixit Confirms Why The HTC One M8 Ships With A Stellar Warranty
b Ohio geologists link seismic activity to hydraulic fracturing, issue new permit  ...
b King prepares to make its debut
t Xbox One Preview Program July Update Is Now Rolling Out
b US Economy Shrank at Steep 2.9% Rate in First Quarter
e Pyongyang warns of retaliation if US film on Kim Jong-un is screened
m California Planet Fitness Told Woman To Cover Up Her Toned Body!
t Google busts 'Top 10 Glass Myths' to make you love it
b Nikkei down 0.36 pct to fresh 6-month low as Wall Street weighs
e J.K. Rowling Releases 'Harry Potter' Short Story, Detailing Adult Lives Of  ...
e Khloé Kardashian - Khloé Kardashian gets white Jeep for birthday
e One Person Dead At Cinco De Mayo Parade In Detroit
e Miscalculations, tonal unevenness make 'Muppets Most Wanted' a dud
t Google makes Gmail HTTPS-only in a bid to thwart NSA snoopers
t Google launches its modular phone Project Ara
e Potato salad Kickstarter project goes viral
e Adrienne Bailon Fires Back at Kim Kardashian, Indirectly References Sex Tape
b WWE and NBCUniversal Close to Signing a New Deal
e New 'Banksy' work appears near GCHQ
t Critics Blast White House Climate Report
e SXSW or CES? Why not both?
t Samsung Galaxy S5 mini With 4.4-Inch Screen Spotted in India
t Worst is yet to come from climate change, UN panel warns
b USDA again lowers expectations for Kansas wheat crop
e 'Transcendence' rises to just ordinary
b Mobileye (MBLY) IPO Opens at $36
t AT&T plans to expand super-fast web service
t Russian Hackers Threaten Power Companies, Researchers Say
m CDC: MERS Virus Spread in US, but Second Man Not Sick
t Google informs UK media about articles blocked in search results
b State health care enrollment fair draws hundreds
e Hollywood power couple Brangelina to star together again
b Royal Caribbean Hires Robot Bartenders
m Welp, So Much for the New York City Soda Ban Appeal
b Land Registry figures show two-paced housing market
e 'Divergent' Scores $56 Million Box-Office Opening, 'A' CinemaScore – And a  ...
t ZTE Open C Firefox OS phone available through eBay first
b Ohio Geologists Link Earthquake Activity To Fracking
b USD/JPY: Japan Reported Record Trade Deficit In February
t NASA Ships Odor-Resistant Clothing to Astronauts in Space
b Medicare's own financial health looking better, annual report says
b US Navy seize rogue Libya oil tanker, Pentagon says
t Samsung Standalone Smartwatch Running Tizen to be Unveiled in June
b Fitch revises South Africa outlook to negative
t Google Maps update rolling out with voice commands in navigation and much  ...
b Eurozone remains flat at low 0.5% in June: stats
b GE's Alstom Bid Gains Steam as Hollande Not Opposed
t The Supreme Court has effectively killed TV streaming service Aereo
b CURRENCIES: Dollar Falls More Than 1% Vs. Euro, Yen On Week
b Progress on job growth: Really!
e 'Captain America' sets April record with $96.2 million
b Why Best Buy Shares Are Plunging Today
t Industry Analyst Jeff Kagan on CTIA Smartphone Anti-Theft Voluntary  ...
t Heartbleed bug: Change these passwords right now
e Obama, first lady mourn Knuckles
t Review: New Samsung Galaxy S5, Gear 2 and Fit Gear hands-on test - should  ...
b Malaysia says French satellite detects debris in plane search area
t GM recalls another 8.2M vehicles
t Microsoft urges African businesses to upgrade operating systems
b Tesla Motors Inc Self-Driving Cars Could Come In Next 3-5 Years [REPORT]
e 'Medical issues' hospitalize concertgoers
e Muppets take off on wild European caper in 'Most Wanted'
b Why didn't the missing airliner's passengers phone for help?
b Biz Break: Gilead's new hepatitis C drug produces huge sales in debut quarter
e 'Saturday Night Live': Watch Anna Kendrick's best and worst sketches
e 'Allure's annual naked issue features Kristen Bell and three other hot celebs
m Medical marijuana pills or spray may ease multiple sclerosis pain
e Justin Bieber & Orlando Bloom: 'The Soup' Mocks Fight In Hilarious Skit
b Crude & Brent Oil Fundamental Analysis June 24, 2014 Forecast
t Harvard study links pesticides to bee deaths
b Oil nears $107 on Iraq fighting
e Rolf Harris to serve less than three years
t Facebook: Coming soon to a Twitter near you
e Rogen, Efron wage comedic war in genre-mixing 'Neighbors'
e Chris Brown assault trial delayed
m Death toll from W Africa Ebola outbreak hits 603
t Curiosity Spots 2 Asteroids From Mars' Surface For First Time
t First Broadwell-based tablet thinner than iPad Air
e VIDEO: PokerNews and GPI Host Google Hangout with 2013 WSOP Main Event  ...
t Protester interrupts Google I/O event with 'robot' heckle
t Apple Posts Record Q1 On Strong IPhone Sales, Margin Gains
e Captain America again leads UK buzz
m Foreign health workers in Saudi could spread MERS
e Juan Pablo's "Retard" Joke Backfires: Ridicules the Mentally Handicapped Then  ...
m Kalida dad makes heartbreaking request, and Internet responds
e Mormon Boy Goes Bad: Andrew Rannells to Replace Neil Patrick Harris in Hedwig
t Global emission grew faster between 2000 and 2010, says report
t First image of VLC media player for Windows Phone 8 released
m Gene that helps seniors live longer also makes them smarter, says study
e Frances Bean Cobain chastises Lana Del Rey
t How To Buy Google Glass In The UK?
e Infamous magazine cover designs
t Future Ice Melt Patterns In Antarctica
t Dr Dre to join Apple following Beats Electronics acquisition?
e Meet Kendall Jones, The 19-Year-Old Cheerleader Who Hunts Rare Animals  ...
b In brief
m Increase Cases of Cesarean Sections: Is it a Medical Necessity?
t Samsung to Introduce new Galaxy Mega Smartphones This Year
t Amazon will reportedly launch a free video streaming service
e '30 Rock' Star Tracy Morgan Showing Improvement Following Deadly Car Crash
b Philips sales, earnings and margins slip in first quarter; consumers spending  ...
b GE quarterly profit jumps 13% on aviation, oil, gas
e Muppets Most Wanted worth catching
t Starbucks introduces in-store wireless phone charging
t FTC Clears Facebook-WhatsApp Deal, With a Caveat
t Android Wear smartwatches make Google Glass obsolete
e Beyonce' Posts Another Picture Proving She Loves Her Sister Solange
t SoftBank CEO Up For 'Massive Price War' Against Verizon And AT&T
b Chinese online giant Alibaba to list in New York
b Test of Pulaski Skyway lane shutdown to come for Monday rush
e 'Breaking Bad,' 'Modern Family' Dominate The 2014 Emmy Awards (Photos  ...
b China Stocks Rise Most This Week as Trade Unexpectedly Grows
b Disney applies for use of drones in shows
t Study disproves presence of 2 Earth-like planets
e MTV Video Music Awards: Beyoncé leads with eight nominations
b JM Smucker Appoints John Denman As VP, Human Resource Operations
t happy pi day
e Watch: Chris Christie's dad two-step on 'Tonight'
e Dylan's "Like a Rolling Stone" Draft Sells for $2M
e MORE SPIN: Record Store Day 2014 shaping up to be another smash hit!
e Who Got Eliminated On The Bachelorette 2014 Tonight? Week 7
e What's the worst-received gig you've ever seen?
e Supreme Court Tackles TV Streaming
m Mystery of 1918 Flu That Killed 50 Million Solved?
m Diabetic women much likelier than men to develop heart disease
m There May Be Such a Thing as Too Much Exercise
m Uncovering hazards of e-cigarettes
e “Man Of Steel 2″: Title Announced For Sequel
b Philip Morris International Inc (NYSE:PM) – Philip Morris seeks review of EU  ...
b Video: Cadillac ELR v. Chevy Volt on the Smoking Tire
t GM recalls 56000 faulty Saturns
t Head of Google's social network to step down
e Justin Bieber Says Sorry for Racist Joke
b AstraZeneca rejects Pfizer's $118-billion take-it-or-leave-it offer
e Lea Michele becomes the latest celebrity to be hacked on Twitter, announces  ...
t Apple iPhone Reuse and Recycle program comes to Australia
t Crytek Adding Linux Support for CryEngine Bodes Well for Steam OS
e A Full House Revival May Be in the Works
t Snapchat settles with FTC, faces 20 years privacy oversight
b I-495 bridge in Delaware closed indefinitely
b 318000 Fed Workers Owe $3.3B In Back Taxes
b ICE says NYSE CEO to leave earlier than expected
t Motorola phablet tipped to launch in time for the bigger iPhone 6
e This follow-up qualifies as a mixed bag
b Nearly 96K Oscar Mayer hot dogs recalled
t Sprint's LG G2 gets KitKat, as do the G Pad 8.3 and Vu 3 in South Korea
t 'Watch Dogs' epic, but lacks heart
e Beyonce - Beyonce Fronts New Campaign For Girl Empowerment
e Lea Michele Shows Off Some Skin in Steamy 'On My Way' (Video)
e Miley Cyrus & Christina Aguilera Have Beef?! The Diva Friction You Didn't Know  ...
t Samsung Galaxy S Duos 2 vs Samsung Galaxy Core – Comparison of Specs  ...
b Woodside plays down impact of China-Russia gas deal
b Toyota plans to move 4000 jobs to Texas
m Labor Dept. cuts levels of allowable coal dust in effort to reduce black lung disease
e What One Filmmaker Learned by Being with Roger Ebert at the End
e Madonna Reports Late to Jury, Gets Special Treatment; Singer Dismissed after  ...
b China profits boost Asia stocks, Europe unenthused
m Relay for Life event Thursday aims at $300K for cancer research
b Latest information on search for missing Malaysia jet
e Björk 20 Year Career Retrospective On Exhibit at MoMA in 2015
b US stocks pull back amid caution ahead of weekend
e 'Lindsay' premiere: New series, same chaotic Lohan
m NEW INTERNATIONAL HEALTH CARE RANKINGS PLACE US DEAD LAST  ...
m Sun Protection Advice for Sailors
e Get On Up Directed by Tate Taylor
b Bank of America reports loss
m Virginia Governor Takes The First Step Toward Repealing 'Extreme' Abortion  ...
b New Satellite Images Might Show #MH370 Wreckage
e NEW YORK (AP) — Malcolm Young of AC/DC is taking a break from the band to  ...
b Gas prices high ahead of Memorial Day
b Builder Confidence Surpasses Key Benchmark in July
t OkCupid Admits To Running Experiments On Users
t US Regions With Highest Air Pollution Are in Calif., Report Finds
e Dominique Ansel, Nancy Silverton get Beard honors
e This week's best dressed men: on and off the red carpet at Cannes
t AUTO RECALL: Spiders force Suzuki to recall midsize cars
m ALK-Abelló - ALK announces FDA approval for Merck's grass sublingual allergy  ...
b New York's top court OKs local bans on hydraulic fracturing
b BMW Plans To Hire 800 At Its Spartanburg Plant
m San Diego Zoo performs rare C-section on gorilla
e Seth Rogen Gained Weight to Go Shirtless With Zac Efron in 'Neighbors'
b China Manufacturing Continues To Grow
e 'Hotline will help save lives for those thinking about suicide'
b UPDATE 2-White House plays down speedy role for US natural gas in Ukraine
b How Will Sanofi (SNY) Stock Be Affected By Possible Sale Of Mature Drug  ...
e Nature Documentary Gives A Behind The Scenes Look At 'Bears'
e Netflix to air Magic School Bus reboot
e Amazon Introduces Music Streaming Service Without Universal
b Valeant, Ackman pitch bid for Allergan
e 'The Purge: Anarchy' movie review: A heavy-handed, gory sequel
b The Fortune 500
t Archaeopteryx specimen shows that feathers may have evolved independent of  ...
t Google HTC Nexus 9 Android Silver tablet launching at Google I/O?
e Why is it so difficult to make a biopic?
b Europe Unemployment Dips; Lowest Rates Recorded In Austria, Germany And  ...
m E-Cigarettes Do NOT Help Smokers Quit, Study Shows
b Siskiyou unemployment now at 14.9 percent
b Miami PD Investigating Suspicious Incident Involving 49er's Colin Kaepernick
b Virgin, JetBlue lead airline consumer satisfaction ratings
e Follow Jesus' example, worshippers urged
e Rio 2 | Movie Review – Overplotted, But Kids Will Love It
t Google having trouble forgetting
e Rolling Stones criticised after announcing Israel gig
t Google preparing to launch 'Google Fit' to collect your health tracking data from  ...
t VIDEO: Preston boss rues bad luck
t 'Genetic switches' caused difference between Neanderthals and humans
b US jobless claims down
e Movie review: "X-Men: Days of Future Past"
e Maserati luxury car, jewelry taken in burglary of Miley Cyrus home
t PHOTOS: The blood moon in Michiana
e 'The Normal Heart' is flawed, but beats with passion
e Travers on 'X-Men: Days of Future Past': Spectacularly Good
b Pershing Square to Present Information Highlighting Herbalife's Illegal Business  ...
e arcade fire tour 2014
b Hillary Clinton slips into lunch with Obama that aides describe only as private  ...
e Fox News Anchor Bob Beckel Calls Andi Dorfman a 'Slut' for Sleeping With Two  ...
b CBO: 'Less attractive' exchange plans cut Obamacare cost estimate
m New MERS deaths reported in Saudi Arabia
t Meteor shower will peak over the North Olympic Peninsula tonight and Tuesday  ...
t Microsoft strengthens the case for its smartphones
b GM CEO apologizes for 'loss of life'
e Archie Andrews dies in shooting [Commentary]
b 2 Automakers' Sales Zoomed Ahead in May While 1 Stalled
e College offers Miley Cyrus class
b Report: China pushing banks to abandon American hardware
e 'Dragon 2' tops worldwide box office
t Toyota to pay $1.2 bln to US for hiding info about car defects
t Smithsonian Museum Welcomes 'The Nation's T. Rex' to Washington DC
b Apple is in talks to get Beats for $3.2billions
t 2015 Jeep Renegade Makes North American Debut
b Chinese auto brands losing ground to aggressive global rivals
m She beat her eating disorder and now loves her curves
t Are eBay users still at risk?
t Facebook changes privacy settings following public pressure
e Conan O'Brien says Stephen Colbert is the 'right person' for 'Late Show' -- VIDEO
t Hyundai Unveils New Sonata at New York Auto Show
e Is Robin Thicke Heading for a Huge Flop on Tuesday? Album Still Unheard  ...
b Intel Hikes Revenue View as PC Demand Improves
e The princess and the Hollywood starlet - Beatrice planning 'pre-wedding' bash  ...
e The best video you'll see today: George Takei sings 'Let It Go' from Frozen
e Group That Claims 9/11 Was Inside Job To Distribute Truth Brochures At 9/11  ...
b Ex-Bank of America CFO Settles for $7.5M
e Katherine Heigl Says Her Acting Career 'Turned' On Her And 'Betrayed' Her
b New York AG To File Securities Fraud Lawsuit Against Barclays: Source
e Eminem (feat. Nate Ruess) - 'Headlights' [Music Video]
m Sierra Leone declares public health emergency over Ebola outbreak
t Google says it is "forgetting" things in Europe
t The new HTC One review: a great phone, but no longer a game-changer
t World's oldest human poo found in Spain
m Michelle Obama Bites Back at Critics of Her Healthy School Lunch Standards
e Rapper Who Cut Off His Penis "Not Affiliated With Wu-Tang" [VIDEO]
e Kardashian slams wedding rumours
b Unemployment fell in March
t Japan to hunt fewer whales when Pacific season begins
e 'Saturday Night Live' Ratings Down With Lena …
t NASA launches carbon-tracking spacecraft
e Box Office Guru Wrapup: Divergent Crushes the Competition
t iPhone 6 headphones might be revolutionary
m 3000-year-old skeleton could reveal cancer evolution
t Fla. team building world's fastest running robot
m Mayo Clinic Landmark Trial: Measles Vaccine Wipes out Cancer in Patient
b Consumers Who are 'in Line' by March 31 Will Be Allowed to Complete  ...
b Like Ten Teslas Combined: Analyst Pegs Alibaba Valuation at $245 Billion
e 'True Blood' season 7, episode 3 recap: Namaste
e AC/DC Retirement Rumors Running Rampant
e Sherri Shepherd, Jenny McCarthy Address “The View” Departures
t Tonight's Meteor Shower Will Be Like Watching the Jump to Light Speed
t Apple and Samsung are trying to put fingerprint tech on tablets
e James Cameron is almost finished writing 'Avatar' sequels
e Denver and Colorado marijuana news, culture and resources
m Women who have babies later in life live longer, study finds
m Bronxville Man Sues After Undergoing Second Appendectomy
e Usher's Lady Is Such A 'Good Kisser'—Watch Now
m Young Tennesseans to protest tobacco
t Best And Worst Features of Samsung Galaxy S5
m Readmissions, HAIs Down, HHS Says
m Study: Pregnant Women have More Car Crashes in 2nd Trimester
t HTC One XL vs. HTC One Mini Specs and Price Comparison in Australia
b 43% of 2014 home buyers paid all cash
t Check out our #FirstTweet . . . what was your first post on Twitter?
m Federal panel recommends nasal spray flu vaccine for kids
t US web companies press demands for net neutrality with FCC
e Little Girl Really, Really Doesn't Want Her Brother to Grow Up
t Never before seen meteor shower set for early Saturday morning
t PetMatch app can help you find the perfect pet
b Memorial Day travel expected to exceed last year's high
t OKCupid: We Experiment On You, Deal With It
e Stephen Colbert to replace Letterman as 'The Late Show' successor
e Patricia Heaton talks about career, motherhood
b Hachette: Amazon delaying delivery of books
e 'Bullets' casting is on Woody's Great White Way
b Tax Day Freebies: fries, cookies and a massage
e 'Alien' Designer H.R. Giger Has Died at 74
t Editorial: Space Station Deserves Nobel Peace Prize
b COMMENTARY: What's Obamacare worth if it makes people happier?
e James Franco Stars in SNL's Beautiful Story of 2 Monster Pals
e This week in reality TV: 84-year-old stuns America's Got Talent and more
b Quiznos emerges from bankruptcy
t Rumor says iPhone 6 will get curvy
b ECB's Draghi backs tax cuts in shift away from austerity
t PlayStation hackers admit blaming IS was ruse
t Montana Security Breach Exposes Health Records of 1.3 Million People
b UPDATE 2-Wall St Week Ahead-Double-digit profit growth may return in Q2
e Cardboard cathedral designer wins top prize
e Emma Stone Wears a Very Low Cut Dress for 'Birdman' Venice Film Festival  ...
e Paul McCartney ill, cancels rest of Japan tour
e Gwen Stefani to replace Christina Aguilera on The Voice US
b Malaysia Airlines Flight 370: Gaps In Government Data Leave Many Questions  ...
e Kim Kardashian takes Kanye West's surname on Twitter, Instagram
b Yellen Upbeat on US Recovery but Says Risks Remain
b Euro Area PMI Composite Little Changed In May, Euro Trades Lower
m Pfizer Breast Cancer Drug Results "As Impressive As I've Ever Seen  ...
e Chris Brown's DC trial delayed for months
m Murray Energy vows legal battle to overturn new coal dust rules
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Mini vs Motorola Moto G 4G – Specs, Price and Release Date
e 'The Shield' Star “Shoots” Wife
t Latest leak reveals a gorgeous AMOLED display on Samsung's upcoming tablet
t Changing password after “heartbleed” bug? Here's what you need to know
t Did NSA Know About the Heartbleed Bug? Reports Say Surveillance  ...
m Sexting teens more sexually active
e Bret McKenzie, James Bobin, Todd Lieberman, Muppets Most Wanted
e Adam Levine's Cellphone Message: 'This Mailbox is Full'
t Heartbleed security lapse spurs changes by many, but others unaware of threat  ...
e 'Sharknado 2' Is Syfy's Most Watched Original Movie
e Pink Floyd To Release First Album In 20 Years
t Facebook acquires Oculus
e After one month, the late-night TV host leads in ratings Fallon's fast start
t SS Janice Voss docks with International Space Station
m Resveratrol benefits in red wine a 'myth'
t Honda, others recall another 2.9 mln vehicles over air bag flaw
t Google Glass Sales Going Public, But Act Fast
e Stephen Colbert: 'I Won't Be Doing The New Show In Character'
e Game of Thrones Shocker! Here's Why It's Called the Purple Wedding
e Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin Team Up for Netflix Original Series
m US MERS patients did not infect families, hospital workers
b FAA to Consider Exemptions for Commercial UAS Movie and TV Production
b Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt praises SCOTUS on EPA restrictions
e 'Chef': Charm Without Reservations
e We had a Blast at the Planes: Fire and Rescue Red Carpet Premiere!
t Facebook's 'Nearby Friends' Feature: How It Works and Who Can See You
e Sick Paul McCartney cancels remainder of Japanese tour
b Analysis - Bank of England shake-up may trigger rate-setter changes
m Preventive Care May Be ACA's Greatest Achievement
t Quickly detect Heartbleed on Android
e Potato Salad Kickstarter Opens Up Pandora's Box of Side Dish Crowdfunding
t Rethink The Right To Be Forgotten
m Eight new MERS deaths take Saudi toll to 102: Ministry
b Walgreen to close 76 unprofitable stores
t Giant of the skies was like 'a dragon'
b Aust bond futures rise after ECB meeting
t Microsoft Mole Faces Charges for Leaking Windows 8 Trade Secrets
b Banks Aren't Too Big to Fail Unless They Fail
e Pippa Talks about Kate Middleton and Prince William's Wedding for the First  ...
t As Heartbleed Bug Endangers Internet, Cybersecurity in DC Booms
e China warns US not to meddle in Hong Kong over reform
t Tesla's Gigagreement: Will Groundbreaking Overshadow Funding?
b It is thought the ECB could introduce negative rates on deposits
t What happens to your online accounts when you die? - KATV - Breaking News  ...
m WATCH: Justina Pelletier Posts A Heartwarming Thank You Video Saying She  ...
m Nassau County Earns Recognition For Healthy Living
e Robin Thicke “Madly In Love” (NEW VIDEO)
b US geologists find 'probable' link between small earthquakes and fracking in Ohio
t Now It's Really Time For Apple To Buy BlackBerry
m Congo confirms six Ebola cases
b Gold price off one-month low, but US rate hike fears cap gains
t Ham radio operators showcase talent during Field Day
e Game Of Thrones Episode Breaks Record, With 193K BitTorrent Users Share  ...
t Google Just Bought a Drone Company That Facebook Passed On
m You are here! Home > Features Analyses > US doctors eradicate cancer with  ...
e 'Batman Vs. Superman': Zack Snyder Teases A Shot Of The New Batmobile
t Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 line will be available in the US on May 1, pre-orders start  ...
e Katie Holmes Goes Topless for Glamour's August Issue (Forum Buzz)
t 'Greenland Really Was Green'; Ancient Tundra Preserved Beneath Ice Sheet  ...
t Avast Aghast: Antivirus Firm Suffers Data Breach
t A Not-So-Brief List of All the Things President Obama Has Bowed To
e Biden: Wish I could have kept the Corvette
b General Motors Company (GM) Announces Departure Of Two Top Execs
e Actress Julia Louis-Dreyfus appears nude on the cover of Rolling Stone
e What the hell kind of ending was that, True Detective?
m Liberia Shuts Schools as Ebola Virus Spreads, Peace Corps Leaves Three  ...
e Oprah appears at Starbucks shareholders meeting to announce her chai tea  ...
m Maternal mortality rate increasing in US
e Crowe: Noah criticism 'irrational'
b French government agrees to buy 20% of Alstom
t Decade Of Research Reveals Iconic Orcas' Struggle
e Ariana Grande Gears Up For A Global Take Over With With Her Upcoming  ...
e Conan O'Brien says Stephen Colbert is the 'right person' to do 'Late Show'
b FOREX-Dollar off to slow start in event-packed week, yen firmer
e Zayn Malik Caught on Video Smoking Marijuana! Daily Mail Publishes Footage!
b Chipotle Prices Are About to Go Even Higher
t Capital One Publishes Same Mortgage Interest Rates on April 16, 2014
b Eurozone inflation rate drops to 0.5 percent, raising pressure on European  ...
e Cast of the new Star Wars Episode VII film get together as full line-up is revealed
b For faulty state exchanges, big decisions loom about healthcare law
t Inside FBI's massive cybercrime bust
m How deadly Ebola can spread in taxis
m Prenatal autism link eyed
e Adrian Mole author Sue Townsend dies
b Airbnb Cleans Up Its Act
b Key Events In Myntra's Journey : A Timeline
t Walmart Slashes iPhone Prices Ahead of Fall iPhone 6 Launch
b Tesla Drops Model E Trademark, Abandons S/E/X Model Line-Up
b Twitter Shares Fall After Slow User Growth
e Get Numb to Pitbull and Jennifer Lopez's World Cup Anthem
t Qualcomm Reveals Its Mobile-Chip Roadmap
e Pride parades draw crowds across US
t Google Super Successful At Spinning Europe's Right To Be Forgotten Ruling As  ...
e Peanuts 3D Set To Grace The Silver Screen In 2015
e 'X' marks the spot
b German Market Modestly Lower
b Sun Indian Pharmaceutical Producer To Buy Ranbaxy For $4 bn
e New York Mayor Bill de Blasio settles bet, sings 'I Love L.A.' on Jimmy Kimmel Live
t Crap flap-app flap chap yaps: Yes, I'm bringing FLAPPY BIRD BACK
b Asiana crash report blames pilots, training
b NTSB: Chicago train traveling 25 mph before crash
e Dancing With the Stars 2014 Season 18 Live Stream and Spoilers: DWTS Full  ...
t Wheeler: Net Neutrality Rules By Year's End
m How to prevent the next Ebola outbreak
e ABC Women: Let's Ban the 'B' Word
t Apple hires Tag Heuer exec as iWatch rumors build
e Transcendence, Johnny Depp's Latest, Gives Up the Ghost in the Machine
e 'Grand Budapest Hotel' not grand, but still stylish
m Users bemoan e-cigarette bans in NYC, Chicago
b Global economic momentum could be less robust than expected: IMF chief  ...
e In '24: Live Another Day,' things are even darker for Jack Bauer
t Apple May Refund $400M in Digital Book Settlement
t Gary Newe :The Importance of Net Neutrality for the Connected Car
m Syphilis Rates in US Reach Highest Level since 1995, Men Account for 90  ...
e Hong Kong property experts call for new tack to lure shoppers
e AC/DC Retirement Rumours Surface
e Mila Kunis pokes fun at dads-to-be
t Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) – Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Streaming Tussle Gets  ...
t Facebook Stock Dips By 7% Following Oculus VR Acquisition Announcement
m Insufficient Sleep For Youngsters Could Lead To Obesity Later, Study Shows
t Google Chromecast U.K. Launch Set for March 19, Leak Says
b Bank of America Beats the Street in 2Q
t Google Driverless Car: Seats Two, No Steering Wheel
b TrueCar climbs in its 1st day as a publicly traded company | The Republic
e Community-wide Easter services at Beach-Schmidt set for Sunday
b Pfizer vs AstraZeneca – new bid to come?
b Microsoft chief, Nadella impresses Wall Street, signals willingness to chart new  ...
m Shocking statistics show Autism prevalence on the rise
e 'Game of Thrones' Season Finale Breaks Viewer Record
b Central banks can expect a bumpy ride: BOE's Bean
e Erykah Badu Kissing Stunt Shut Down By Reporter
b Relativity Tries to Buy Maker Studios by Outbidding Disney
t This Could Be Apple's Plan To Make Your iPhone More Secure
t Google Talks Up Glass for Work
m First lady decries plan to lower school lunch nutrition standards
b The Dow Just Wiped out Its Gains for the Year. What's Next?
e Miley Cyrus' NBC Concert Special Totally Bombed
b Etihad rescues Alitalia
e One cloud less in a nitwit picture
t Galaxy S5 LTE-A Gets Exclusive Diamond-Textured Panel
t Report: "Google Fit" Is Coming Soon Because Of Course It Is
t Tibetans inherited gene for high-altitude living from ancient humans
t Exclusive: First tablet with Intel's Broadwell thinner than iPad Air
b Controversial IRS Bonuses
b Caribbean Competition Drags Down Carnival
e Jersey Boys: Life of the party
e Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber 'together again'
t Dept. of Homeland Security says stop using Microsoft Internet Explorer
e Syfy's 'Sharknado 2' Couldn't Have Come At A Better Time, Some Big Reasons  ...
e Ginnifer Goodwin and Josh Dallas Are Married—Here Are All the Wedding Details!
e Mayor Touts School Programs to Serve the 'Whole Child'
e Mark Ruffalo Blames Ben Affleck for the End of His Friendship With Jennifer Garner
b World's most expensive divorce is 'hammer blow' to oligarch
e Photos: 'Game of Thrones' season 4 preview
e Colin Firth no longer the voice of Paddington
m Hospitals Are Growing Safer For Patients, Government Report Says
e York church celebrates Palm Sunday with fair trade palm fronds
b Yahoo! mobilizing for $10 billion bounty
t Google's New Car: No Driver, And No Steering Wheel
e Jazzman Jimmy Scott dies at 88 in Las Vegas
b Paulson's Puerto Rico Paradise Lures Hedge Funds Fleeing Taxes
t LG G3 Live Stream: Watch the Smartphone Unveiling Here
t Is This The iPhone 6? (Photos)
e Court bid lodged to stop all five Garth Brooks concerts
e The Shortlist for March 10
b GLOBAL MARKETS-Crimea fears knock down stocks; gold slips on rate views
b Blackberry surges after posting narrower Q1 loss on cost cuts
t IPCC Working Group III: Avoiding climate change could cost up to 6 per cent of  ...
b Sunset Boulevard and UCLA Flooded in Massive Water Main Break
e VIDEO: Shia LaBeouf in ANOTHER fight outside New York strip club
b Dollar dips on Ukraine concerns
t NASA Solar Observatory Captures Solar Flare Images
e Bruce Jenner Will Walk Kim Kardashian Down The Aisle
b Joshua Freeman, CP24.com
m Younger Muscles And Minds: Protein Turns Clock Back In Mice
m UN say spread of Polio is 'World health emergency' as disease spreads through  ...
t Investors ignore economic reports
m Planet Fitness faces lawsuit over Muslim head covering
e JK Rowling gives fans glimpse of grownup Harry in new online story
e The top films at the North American box office
e Kim Kardashian 'sleeping in a corset' to keep goal weight before May wedding
e Justin Bieber Disses Selena Gomez & Yovanna Ventura, Posts Hot Model Pic
e It Wasn't as Sweet to See Peggy Boss Don Around as I'd Hoped
b Two arrested in Australia over insider trading scam
e By: Associated Press
e 'Brady Bunch' cast members remember 'dear friend' Ann B. Davis
t Valve delays Steam Controller and (presumably) Steam Machines until 2015
b Biotech, Internet stocks fall
b Barclays sued over dark pools by New York attorney general
b US STOCKS-Wall Street edges lower after record; Boeing drags
m DoH reiterates appeal to Etihad passengers
t Facebook sees virtual reality future in $2bn buy of headset maker Oculus
m Study Backs Effects of Excessive Drinking
e “Cameron Diaz's revenge comedy is low-brow and disappointing.”
t This could be the most powerful rocket to Mars
m Bionic Pancreas Significantly Improves Glucose Levels
t Amazon Vows to Fight FTC's Crackdown on In-App Purchases
m Saudi Arabia Reports Over 100 New, Unknown Cases of MERS
e Charlie Sheen Got Dissed by Rihanna, Called Her the 'Village Idiot'
m Woman defies science after being 'clinically dead' for 26 minute - CBS 3  ...
b Amazon offers unhappy employees cash to quit
e For Chris O'Dowd, 'Of Mice And Men' Is More Than An American Story
t Facebook Buys Oculus VR for $2 Billion
e Sarah Jessica Parker as a reporter on TV again
e What To Watch: 'Extant', 'True Blood' & 'The 100' – This Week's Hot Picks
t Smartphone to be released by Amazon this year
t Minecraft Creator States Minecraft For Oculus Rift Would Have Been Free
m Insulin pumps may control blood sugar better for some Type 2 diabetics: study
e Kim Kardashian Rocks Sexy White Bikini on Second Honeymoon With Kanye  ...
e 'Game Of Thrones' Draws 7.1 Million Viewers For Blood-filled Finale
m Meals with most calories: Cheesecake Factory takes the cake
e First Photos Arrive From Set of 'Jurassic World'
t Google's Smart Contact Lenses Move One Step Closer to Launch
e Tyler played sold-out show after jail
b $2.1B Red Lobster Sale Cheats Investors, Says Activist
e Duchess Kate adds two royal dates to her diary for June
t Leaked images show touch version of Office
b Unemployment Rates In Tennessee Decrease In 21 Counties; Increase in 61
t Live WWDC 2014 video stream, not just Apple TV
m This smart phone App won't let you frequent bars!
b Yahoo follows Google and LinkedIn, publishes workplace diversity data
b The Reason for Interest Rate Declines
b Feds Say California's 13.7-Billion-Barrel Shale Oil Bonanza Isn't Happening
t Net Neutrality Comments Flood FCC, Crashing Site as Deadline Extended
e The socio-political Christ
m Hat-rick and Broken Elbow For Manchester MP During Charity Football Match
e Juan Pablo Galavis: won't watch 'Bachelorette,' Dwyane Wade sets a wedding date
e 'Transcendence' Review: 10 Things to Know About the Johnny Depp Sci-Fi Movie
e Johnny Depp wants to have 100 babies with fiance
b Kraft: Recalls some cottage cheese due to poor storage
e Who Was Eliminated on American Idol?
e “Allegiant” will be released as two films, Parts 1 and 2 due to hit cinemas in  ...
t Watch: Sun belches out radiation plume SEVEN times the size of Earth at a  ...
m Air traffic controllers still work 'rattlers' schedules
b China urges Vietnam to crack down on rioting‚ issues travel advice
m Marijuana legalization helps keep pot out of kids' hands
b Did Target really accede to 'Moms Demand Social Prejudice?'
e 'Gordimer gave all of us a voice'
e 'Game of Thrones' Recap: The White Walkers Make A Shocking Return
m Glass of beer at age 14 linked to binge drinking
b Water Main Break Causes Trouble Near Katz's Delicatessen On Lower East Side
b Kaiser: CT exchange less competitive than 2012 individual market
b Airfares to drop 3.5% in 2014
e Stephen Fry wins first Tony nomination for Twelfth Night
e Infamous George Zimmerman signs autographs at The Arms Room on Saturday
m Teen Banned From Track Meet Over Pink Mohawk To Support Mom With Cancer
m Pollen season to hit SouthCoast late
b PetSmart, Petco To Stop Selling Chinese Treats
t Turns Out We're Just Guinea Pigs Looking for Love
t HTC One M8 priced and ready to buy on Three
t Viacom Smokes a Peace Pipe With YouTube, 7 Years in the Making
e 3D Snoopy and the rest of the Peanuts gang to hit cinemas next year
b Red Lobster sold for $2.1 billion, owner Darden says
e Pharrell Williams to Join 'The Voice' Season 7
e Special Edition NYC Con Spoils Ultimate Spider-Man TV Show Announcement?
b BlackBerry loses $423 million in fourth quarter
m Salmonella, E. coli outbreaks linked to sprouted chia seeds and clover
b First legal steps taken against Malaysia Airlines, Boeing
b Average 30-year mortgage rate ticks up to 4.33%
m Everything You Need to Know About ADHD in 10 Tweets
b Burger King promotes LGBT equality with release of gay pride Whopper
t [Bug Watch] Paid Apps Cannot Be Installed On Android Wear, Play Store  ...
b Microsoft Office for iPad arrives: Word, Excel & PowerPoint now available to  ...
m Springfield couple tested for MERS virus
t Apple Acquires Swell for $30M for ITunes with Samsung on Hiring Silicon Spree  ...
e The Papyrus Proving Jesus Christ Had a Wife Isn't Fake, Scientists Claim
t Swatch Objects to Authorities on Apple's Use of IWatch Label (1)
b Tech Weakness Drags Stocks Down Early, but the S&P 500 and Russell 2000  ...
t Android L: the 10 things you need to know
e Broadcasters' copyright challenge to streaming TV could have big impact on how  ...
t Are Facebook Shares Back on Track?
t Momofuku crack for Pi Day? Geometrelicious.
e Justin Bieber Investigated for Crimes for Lunging at Fan
e 'Alpha House' Season 2: Amazon Renews John Goodman Comedy, Confirms  ...
b Iraq Crisis: Latest Sign of US Vulnerability to Oil Price Spikes
b Former PayPal Exec: This Is The 'John Sculley Era' Of PayPal And It Should  ...
b MH370: Chinese families march on Malaysian embassy
e We have started filming 'Star wars Episode 7': Alan Horn
e Bieber cleared in attempted robbery case
t Apple Improves App Store With Related Search Suggestions
m FDA to re-evaluate 'spent grains' as part of feed rule
m AAN: Two Novel Treatments Show Promise for Migraine
t Sprint and T-Mobile should expand coverage, studies show
t Smartphones and tablets dominate sales
e DC assault trial for singer Chris Brown expected to start Monday; faces jail time if  ...
t GM recalls another 8.2 million cars for ignition switches
e Photo Coverage: Idina Menzel and IF/THEN Cast Celebrate Opening Night - Part  ...
e 'Saturday Night Live' Videos: Lena Dunham Gets Naked, Parodies 'Scandal'
e The fashion and design of 'Mad Men' season 7
e Brad Pitt Joins General Stanley A. McChrystal Biopic 'The Operators'
t google announces android wear, a platform for wearable devices
t This is either the worst Xbox One ad Microsoft has ever made, or the best
e Dancing with the Stars 18.11 Review: “Season Finale Part 2″
e Kate Middleton in Bild: We should be outraged by all upskirt pictures
b China new home prices rise 7.7% year-on-year in March
t iOS 7.1 out now for iPhone and iPad
b Turkish Government Blocks Access To Twitter
t Adaption crucial in dealing with climate issues
t Microsoft Finds Laptop-Tablet Balance with Surface Pro 3, but Windows Is  ...
b Red Lobster's New Owner Has 4 Major Problems To Solve
b Murdoch goes large as media landscape gets tougher
e 'House of Cards' reacts to their Emmy loss with funny video
b Energy stocks north, if Iraq unrest goes south
e 'Mrs Doubtfire' sequel in development
e WATCH: Behind The Scenes Of Miley Cyrus' Bangerz Tour!
t How did that car get atop the Empire State Building?
t Xbox One external storage support coming in June
e Selena Gomez has turned to religion to avoid rehab
b A Close Eye on the Fed for the Path of Interest Rates
b eBay, Icahn settle fight over PayPal spinoff
b Whiting Petroleum Corp. (WLL) Has Set A New High After Purchase Of Kodak Oil
t Facebook Researcher Apologizes for Anxiety Caused By Psychology Experiment
b Hillary Clinton's (almost) off-the-record lunch with Obama
e Orphan Black Refresher: 5 Key Questions To Remember Before Season 2
e Obama offering Japan security, economic assurances - WNCT
t Facebook Messenger Is Looking More and More like Snapchat
b Demand Story Falls On Deaf Ears
e Sunderland remembers Mickey Rooney
e ABC Announces Renewals And Commissions
t Why Amazon's Fire Phone doesn't really impress me (yet)
e Fierce battles and three steals highlight second round of 'The Voice'
e Iggy Azalea Whites Out At The Billboard Music Awards!
e Avril Lavigne's 'Hello Kitty' disaster; 'Mean Girls' star comes out; Matt Bomer  ...
t BlackBerry launches BBM Protected secure chat app
e Paul Walker Gets Emotional MTV Movie Awards Tribute
m Grieving father's photoshop request of infant daughter brings beautiful response
b General Motors recalls another 824000 vehicles for possible faulty ignition  ...
e Peaches Geldof: Haunted By Death Of Paula Yates
t Microsoft CEO plots cloud and mobile first policy going forwards
e Branson boycotting Sultan's hotel chain
e Powdered Alcohol Coming to a Store Near You
e Wiz Khalifa drops song with Adele
t Money Minute: China's Alibaba Files Massive IPO in US
b Cloud Computing Helps Microsoft Beat Profit Estimates
e Nirvana's Best Underrated Songs
e Miley Cyrus gets a new tattoo on her lip
b Dollar holds gains vs. rivals in light trade
e Illness Forces Miley Cyrus To Postpone Nashville Concert
b Policy is Unchanged, but Draghi is Transforming the ECB
m MERS patient improving at Indiana hospital
t Law enforcement cracking down on boat DWIs
t Microsoft scraps 'Windows-first' practice, puts Office on iPad before Surface
t Blizzard's Diablo 3 Auction House Finally Shut Down
b European stock markets mixed
t Samsung takes the wraps off Galaxy S5 Mini
b Tepco seeks 6 GW of new power capacity amid nuclear shutdowns
e Laura Prepon Reportedly Dating Tom Cruise
b CBS 1Q Profit Ticks Up Slightly Despite Revenue Shortfall
b Harvard's Feldstein: Piketty's Tax-Hike Plans Arise From Flawed Study
b INDIA: Fiat-Chrysler targets higher sales
e Crowe slakes thirst before 'Noah' premiere
e Marc Anthony ordered to double child support payments to Dayanara Torres
t 2014 Car Quality Ranking Survey: Porsche Top, Fiat Flop
m News»Top Stories» Toxic Jerky Treats Linked to More Than 1000 Dog Deaths
t Samsung Galaxy S5 smartphone goes on sale worldwide
t Smart thermostat works with your car
b China, US factory growth accelerates; euro zone stumbles
e Newport shop welcomes Record Store Day
m Today in the News: CDC says autism has risen 30 percent in two years
e Did a tabloid unearth Lindsay Lohan's handwritten list of hookups?
b The White House Blasts Turkey For Blocking Twitter, Calls For Its Reinstatement
t Hyundai unveils luxury sedan as competition from BMW increases
t Galaxy Note 3 (SM-N9005) gets updated with Download Booster and more
b Chrysler's US sales up in June
e In honor of their upcoming wedding, a brutally honest toast to Kimye
e Chinese cup auctioned for record-breaking $36M - WBOC-TV 16, Delmarvas  ...
e 'The Brady Bunch's' Alice dies at 88
e Miley Cyrus 'slams' ex-boyfriend Liam at her latest show
b China's JD.com to raise US$1.78bil from IPO
e AMERICAN IDOL Winner Caleb Johnson to Honor Troops on PBS's 25th  ...
m Vials of smallpox found in box
e Robert Pattinson's Sister, Lizzy Pattinson, Advances In 'The X Factor U.K  ...
e John Pinette Dead: Seinfeld Actor, Comedian Dies at Age 50
b NYMEX crude prices weaker in ASia as Libya, Iraq worries ease
t Big Cable, lawmaker question drive to classify broadband as a utility
e Wu-Tang Affiliate Cuts Off Penis, Jumps From Balcony In Suicide Attempt  ...
b ECB to hold fire on rates but could move in June
e Protesters gather outside Liam Neeson's home
b Draghi awaits pivotal price data after backing rate cuts to QE
b New 2014 Mercedes S Class CKD production announced; Diesel variant to follow
e Springsteen closes out Final Four music festival - KMPH FOX 26 | Central San  ...
t LG gives us glimpses of the G3 in new teasers
e Massive crowd gathers for San Francisco's 44th annual Pride Parade, festivities
m Japan lab weighing retraction of stem cell paper
b Business briefs
e Crystal Light Partners With Singer-Songwriter Miranda Lambert
e Game of Thrones increases Sky Atlantic Monday night audience tenfold
e Ryan Gosling to Produce, Possibly Star in Busby Berkeley Biopic (Exclusive)
e 'Once Upon a Time' and 'Wonderland' Might Merge After Cancellation
t Samsung eye scanner teased, could launch in Galaxy Note 4
t Chromecast surfaces in UK ahead of official launch
e Good News! We Now Live In A Time Where Alcohol In Powdered Form Is Nearly  ...
t Uninstall Firefox
e 'George Clooney Is Gay': Fox Newcaster Eric Bolling 'Jokes' After Amal  ...
b Washington state issues first pot-shop licences in middle-of-the-night emails
t Microsoft's subtle website lets you know if it's time for an upgrade
t Microsoft Reaffirms Quality of Titanfall on Xbox 360
b AstraZeneca rejects new Pfizer offer
b Westbound lanes of 10 Freeway closed near downtown Los Angeles due to crash
t Ford Is Putting A Mustang On The Empire State Building — Again!
m America's unhealthiest meals revealed
b SLR cut hinges on fiscal correction push under new government: Reserve Bank
t Watch Amazon Fire Phone Launch Event Press Conference Here [VIDEO]
t Take a Closer Look at the 2015 Jeep Renegade [Video] [Photo Gallery]
e Colbert the wrong choice for 'Late Show'
t Start-up founders cash in with Facebook acquisitions
b Looking Ahead in the Global Economy
t Elon Musk opens all Tesla Motors patents to the public, calls patents "a lottery  ...
t Tesla gives its patents to the world, hopes to spur "sustainable transport"
b Teva and Pfizer settle Celebrex patent dispute
e Not Ready To Let 'Frozen' Go? Photos Of Elsa's Look-Alike Leaked
e Lions Gate: What if Dystopian Teen Novels Have a Dystopian Future?
t What can Android Wear do? Here's all the best features explained, with tips and  ...
b Piketty's decaff Marxism would be just oppressive and intrusive as the old variety
t Like Hacking But With Explosions: "Watch Dogs" Launch Trailer Drops (Video)
t SpaceX Launches NASA International Space Station Resupply Mission Today  ...
t Graco recalls infant car seats
e The battle for Colbert's 'Late Show'
b Nikkei bounces from 6-mth lows on strong US retail sales, weak yen
t HTC promises to bring Android L to HTC One M8 and HTC One
t Google 'completely overwhelmed' by Chromecast's popularity
e Batman: Arkham Knight is the latest big game to slip into 2015
e Pussy Riot in Talks to Star in 'Spring Breakers' Sequel
e Beyonce Tops Forbes' Celeb 100 List
e Bachelorette 2014 Episode 7 Promo: Everyone Loves Andi, Hates Nick (VIDEO)
m Youngstown Diocese calls for ALS donation discretion
b Target Q1 Adj. EPS Misses View; Cuts FY Adj. EPS View - Quick Facts
t Now Google is planning to launch Android TV
t Alibaba IPO will see e-commerce powerhouse fill Yahoo's coffers
t Google's plans for wearables, cars and health take shape
e James Franco Calls New York Times Theater Critic "Little Bitch" On Instagram
m Mental health firms get $500K
b Behind behemoth IPO lies unlikely China success story
e Cronut creator Dominique Ansel honored at James Beard Awards
t GM announces recall affecting 500K Camaros
e Christian musicians sue Katy Perry over copyright
t Android-Powered Wearable Tech Is on the Way
m Health Care Law Update - July 14, 2014
e 'Mad Men' season 7, episode 7 reaction: Matthew Weiner on that Cooper  ...
e Kim Kardashian Is Relaunching Her Pop Career Following Kanye West Wedding
e 'Game Of Thrones' Recap: 'Two Swords'
e Watch: Leonardo DiCaprio's crazy dance moves at Coachella Music Festival
b Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer's Earnings Drop 32 Percent to $24.9 Million in 2013
t Apple iOS 8's 12 Best Business Features
m E-Cigarettes Users May End Up Paying More For Insurance
e Lana Del Rey tops UK album chart with Ultraviolence
e The VMAs' Must-See Moments
t Apple Hires Tag Heuer Sales Exec
e 23 Ways 'The Fault in Our Stars' Is Different From the Book
b ''Bankrupt'' exchange Mt. Gox finds 200000 ''lost'' bitcoins in old wallet
e 9 Questions Still Left Unresolved After the True Blood Series Finale
e Jennifer Lopez set to be honored with `Icon Award` by Billboard
e 4 Reasons Colbert Will Be a Good Successor on The Late Show
b 5 Madoff ex-workers guilty of aiding fraud
e J.K. Rowling's New Short Story Features 33-Year-Old Harry Potter and the Rest  ...
e Simon Cowell Reveals Relationship 'Regret'
e 'Oculus': Movie review
e Chelsea Handler has a star studded farewell
t Shoppers Still Shelling Out for Consoles
t Xbox One Closes In On PS4 In February 2014 NPD Figures
t Apple Inc. (AAPL) To Launch Two New MacBook Air This Week, Possibly Today
t GM Recall: House Energy And Commerce Committee To Investigate Huge Recall
m FDA clears new version of Intuitive's da Vinci surgical robot
e 'Handful of playable and appealing would-be singles'
m Resveratrol Levels In Older Adults Found To Be Unrelated to Lifespan
t Microsoft Surface Pro 2 vs Surface Pro - Why Would you Want to Upgrade?
b BOJ Seen Doubling ETF Purchases in Next Round of Japan Easing
e Check Out The Launch Trailer For The Amazing Spider-Man 2
t Image of the Day: NASA Readies Flying Saucer Test for Mars' Mission
e Hot Trailer: 'This Is Where I Leave You'
e Neil Patrick Harris takes it all off for Rolling Stone
e Lindsay Lohan Kisses And Tells! Reveals Long List Of Hollywood Exes
t Evidence of the Big Bang found in a cosmic 'double rainbow'
e The Time of Your Life: Shot over 12 years, Richard Linklater's 'Boyhood' depicts  ...
t A Map of Every Nuke-Scale Asteroid Strike From the Last Decade
e 'The Notebook' director Nick Cassavetes shares explosive fight Ryan Gosling  ...
b Why Negative Rates Won't Work In The Eurozone
t Microsoft's China offices under investigation by government officials
b Nowotny sees no immediate need for ECB to act
t Update: Apple Store down for Back to School promotion today
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 may go blur-free with OIS
b FTC OPENS INVESTIGATION INTO HERBALIFE — SHARES PLUNGE
t Paris takes drastic measures to fight toxic smog
t Gartner: Tablet shipments will likely surpass PC shipments next year
b Twitter awaits investors' verdict on faltering market performance
b US cites Chinese officials in cyber-spying case
b Suspected Boko Haram Attack Chinese Workers in Cameroon; 10 Missing
t Tesla gets a lift from new rules in China, Pennsylvania
b Solid hiring stretches into 6th month as employers add 209000 jobs; rate rises to  ...
e #ICYMI: Jessica Simpson Weds Football Beau Eric Johnson
b 1st day of Pulaski closure goes uneventfully
e Vin Diesel Reveals His Secret Breakdancing Past to Jimmy Fallon
m Peace Corps evacuates over Ebola as 2 isolated - KWES NewsWest 9 / Midland  ...
e Tina Fey dispels Mean Girls sequel rumours
m What Makes a Mediterranean Diet Healthy?
t Apple Takes Samsung Back to Court Today
b GBP/USD remains on the defensive
e Lupita Nyong'o is People magazine's Most Beautiful person
e Kris Jenner Has Krazy Kleavage At Kim Kardashian & Kanye West's Wedding!
t Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA): A $1000 Stock Within The Decade?
b GM excluded crash deaths from inquiry into deadly ignition switches, company  ...
m Michael Schumacher is slowly progressing: Wife
e New "The Powerpuff Girls" TV Series Announced for Cartoon Network
e WATCH: Coachella stage-crasher! Beyonce joins sister Solange for surprise  ...
b Amazon Grabs Another Vertical with ComiXology Acquisition
m Safe use of nano products studied
e Officials eye role of commute in crash
b Drop in eurozone inflation piles pressure on the ECB
e Watch the Mayor of Los Angeles Drop an F-Bomb While Holding a Beer
m Studies Find Existing and Experimental Drugs Active against MERS-Coronavirus
e MOVIE REVIEW: 'Captain America' sequel pleases fans and general audiences  ...
m Free Drug Samples Tied to More Branded Prescriptions
b FTSE 100 watch: Corporate updates lift Footsie
e Kim Kardashian - Kim Kardashian's 'very normal' wedding
t Apple Launches New 16GB iPod Touch for $199, Drops 32/64GB Models to  ...
b Omnicom, Publicis call off $35 billion merger: WSJ
t Check It Out: A Closer Look at LG's Android-Powered Smartwatch
m Proactive, Population-Based Tobacco Cessation Care Sees Benefits
b US Consumer Prices Rise Most in a Year
t Ex-Panama dictator Noriega sues Activision over Call of Duty character
e Jada Pinkett Smith reacts to daughter's racy photo
t Feds Close Investigation Into Tesla Battery Fires
m Giraffe bids farewell to Dutch zookeeper dying of cancer
b Dow Tops 17000, Investors See More Room for Bull Run
e Madonna Fuels Gwyneth Paltrow Feud! Pop Legend Amused by Actress' Split  ...
e Gwyneth Paltrow is taking a break from Hollywood.
m MannKind's Afrezza Inhaled Insulin Drug Gets FDA Approval
e After 20-year gap, Pink Floyd to release 'ambient' new album in October | The  ...
b Plane stalls PM amid trade tour 'high'
t Microsoft warns of security flaws in Internet Explorer
e New moms strip down for 'Allure' magazine's annual naked issue
t Google Inc (GOOGL) Acquires Songza As The Music Streaming Battle Heats Up
b HHS Secretary Sebelius Pushes ACA Enrollment In Nashville
m America's Best Hospital Is...
t Google pushes Android to target the next billion users
t Twitter Offers App Makers One Billion Potential Customers
b Nissan shows big gain as US auto sales sizzle in July
m Study identifies young fathers who are at increased risk of developing  ...
e In the World
e Rare Copy Of 'Action Comics' #1 Auctions For $3.2 Million
t Apple may refund $400M in digital book settlement - KMPH FOX 26 | Central  ...
e The Good Wife Mourns Bombshell Death: Our Critic's Take
e Sherri Shepherd, Jenny McCarthy leaving 'The View' next season
b Barclays Needs to Axe 30% of Workforce to Make Money, Claims Bernstein
e Letterman Calls Out Franco on Nude Selfie: 'Why?!'
b Pistorius accosted at nightclub, family says
e Wayne Knight Subjected To Death Hoax
t Upcoming Android to have enterprise security features
t Samsung Galaxy S5: Payments via Fingerprint Sensor Launched by Paypal
t What to watch for in Tesla's earnings tomorrow
b LA Sues Time Warner Cable for $10 Million
t Who's fighting to save the internet now?
b Obama seeks to assure allies
e Macaulay Culkin's band got booed off stage
e Spoiler Alert: 'Scandal's Kelly McCreary Joins GREY'S ANATOMY Cast ... in a  ...
t Obama official defends Internet handover
b Boeing: Demand for 36770 Aircraft Valued at $5.2 Trillion
t Hybrid Azure Starter Kit Offered by Carpathia, Equinix
e Easter week services set
e Mad Men: "The Runaways" Recap
t What's Next for General Motors (GM) Stock
e 'American Idol' Top 10: First flowers and the genomial parallax
e Sound Off: Darren Aronofsky's Take on 'Noah' - What Did You Think?
e Adrian Mole's final diary left unfinished, publisher says
m Ebola fear prompts Ivory Coast to block refugees
m 25 Minutes of Meditating Eases Stress
e Review: FX's Tyrant and the Return of Covert Affairs
e Amazon Greenlights Six Original TV shows and Renews Alpha House
e Tyler The Creator Arrested For Starting Riot At SXSW 2014
b Comcast: Net neutrality is good business
e Jena Irene Performance Leaves Jennifer Lopez In Tears
b Chinese state media: 17 miners trapped underground
b Authorities: Detained Chinese poachers must undergo judicial process
b Another Deadline Looms on Tax Day
m Nutrient Warning Overstated
b Burger King sells gay pride Whopper in San Francisco
b China Telecom 2013 profit rises 17 pct, matches estimates
b Fiat reveals Jeep sales plan
b Forex - Dollar trims gains vs. yen after soft U.S. housing data
b Whitbread Q1 Sales Rise On Strong Demand
e Guess Who Is Joining Miley Cyrus on Her 'Bangerz' Tour?
b Equities Rally on More of the Same From Yellen, Fed Beige Book
e Miley Cyrus' Stolen Car Recovered!
e Kim Kardashian To Relaunch Music Career? Pop Hasn't Recovered From 'Jam  ...
b Argentina plans debt swap, but analysts say it's doomed
t Starbucks trialling wireless charging at US coffee shops
e Eminem tops Spotify's 40-million-listener list
e Review: Hazanavicius goes serious – and seriously wrong – in 'The Search'
b Target breach leads to 16 percent drop in 1Q profit
e Justin Bieber wants to be the best person he can for Selena Gomez
b Citi Bike Remains In The Red, Looks To Boost Weekly, Daily Ridership
e Fox announces Fall 2014 schedule: 'Brooklyn Nine-Nine' to air on Sundays  ...
t Samsung Galaxy S5 U.K. Release Information - Where Can Buyers Get the  ...
t Facebook Launches New Journalism Tool FB Newswire With Help From Storyful
m MERS death toll rises to 126
t What's in a Name: Why T-Mobile Holds All the Cards
b US open: Stocks mixed after sell-off, Nasdaq claws back
b AT&T Announces $48.5 Billion Acquisition of DirecTV
m FDA advisers unanimously back Cologuard, a DNA test for colon cancer from  ...
e “If You Think You're Lonely Now” Singer Bobby Womack Dies at 70
e L'Wren Scott Was 'Always Very Positive And Strong' According To Long Time  ...
e 'Noah' Movie Reviews: Russell Crowe, Emma Watson Shine In Darren  ...
e 'Roseanne' Alum Sara Gilbert, Rocker Linda Perry Wed
t Agency is investigating Nissan Versa glitches
t Biggest dinosaur species ever? Scientists unearth huge femur in Argentina
m E-cigarettes boost quitting success
b Samsung Electronics estimates Q1 operating profit of almost $8 billion
b GE dangles Alstom alliance before French lawmakers
b Compensation battle rages four years after BP's US oil spill
e Elisabeth Hasselbeck's Response To BFF Sherri Shepherd Leaving The View Is  ...
b Data Deleted From Pilot's Flight Simulator, Official Says
b Jobs rise, unemployment falls... but the economy?
t Samsung Makes Social Media Push With Splashy World Cup Campaign
t Here's How Competition Is Eating Into Microsoft's Profits
e Edgar Wright no longer directing Marvel Studios' Ant-Man
e Songs About Her: 16 Verses From Kanye That Were Possibly Inspired By Kim
b IMF calls on Govt, Opposition to keep fiscal policy tight to help RBNZ withdraw  ...
e Lupita Nyong'o named People Magazine's 'Most Beautiful' for 2014
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Prime rumoured to feature 2K display and Snapdragon 805  ...
e Inside the Beltway: New York Times accused of media hypocrisy
e Brody Jenner enjoys lunch with girlfriend after announcing he will DJ a gig in  ...
b Facebook: Mobile Powers Growth
b NUMSA Strike Violence Continues
t Nancy Kaffer: Why you should be worried about net neutrality
e Eminem Apologizes To His Mom In “Headlights” Video
t Samsung Galaxy S5: First impressions
e Fears for Paul McCartney after virus puts him in Tokyo hospital
t Some deals take months, but Facebook completed its purchase of Oculus VR in  ...
t Astronomers discover new dwarf planet discovered at outer limits of solar system
b Pew: Digital Ventures Bring Jobs and Money to Journalism
e 1 Dead, 5 Injured at Parties Related to BET Awards in Los Angeles
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Release Date/Details Galore – More Information Available  ...
e 'Dawn of the Planet of the Apes': Trio of short films set stage for NOLA-shot  ...
t Game of Drones: Google clashes with Facebook over drone manufacturer Titan  ...
e 'Good Morning America' Officially Welcomes Michael Strahan
b HTC announces Q2 earnings, first profit this year
t Galaxy S5 makes global debut
b Teva Gets Supreme Court Hearing on Generic Copaxone Delay
b Sony's top executives to return bonuses
t Intel Corporation (INTC) Announces Equity Investment In Cloudera
m Four Loko: We Won't Market on Campus
e Darren Aronofsky's Childhood Poem That Inspired 'Noah' Surfaces
m Experts say Pistorius wasn't mentally ill during girlfriend's killing
e Social Fail: US Airways Tweets Complaining Customer's Lewd Photo
t General Motors recall list: GM recalls 7.6 million more vehicles for ignition switch  ...
t Bungie Destiny Gameplay Reveals The Features Of The Titan Class (video)
e Orange Is the New Black: Watch the Season 2 Trailer (VIDEO)
e Cory and Topanga are back in first Girl Meets World teaser trailer
e Lovely first teaser for the Peanuts movie
e Did The 'How I Met Your Mother' Finale End The Way It Should've? See The Best  ...
m Tobacco Bonds and Fiscal Gimmickry
b Vietnam vessel sinks after collision
t Sprint reports a profit despite subscriber losses and ponders price cuts
m Prime Minister David Cameron Announces The UK Will Lead Global Effort  ...
t Windows XP support officially ends today, still used by over 25 percent of PCs
b Do national champions merit protection?
b Alcoa to Buy UK Aerospace Parts Maker for $2.85 Billion (3)
e 'Voice' judge tweets out Adam Levine's phone number
b HP to Settle Shareholder Claims on Autonomy Deal
m Baby-Gates may not be Providing Protection to Children
b Retail Sales Sluggish In May
e Breaking News and Exciting Changes for Marvel's THOR
b McDonald's First Quarter Profits Hit by Drop in US Sales
b China's growth slows to 24-year low of 7.4%
t GM Customers Apparently Could Care Less About Safety Recalls - Sales Jump  ...
b Panera Bread To Remove Artificial Additives From Bakery Foods By End Of 2016
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West are 'officially married'
t Netflix Officially Raises Price for New Customers
t Journalist: I was assaulted on street for wearing Google Glass
b US launches charm offensive against wary India
t Podesta: Congress won't stop EPA
b Energy giant Shell's profits fall
t Apple's CEO un-Jobslike
t Google Glass Leads Video-Game Makers to Test Wearables
e Master Sleuth Courtney Love Thinks She's Solved the Malaysia Airline Mystery
b JD.com wins rich price despite poor governance
b Prairie chicken goes on the 'threatened species' list, concerns grow around  ...
b UK's AA+ Grade Is Affirmed at Fitch Amid Economic Growth
t Intel readies 3D-printed robots for handy consumers
e VOICE VIEWS: Tess Boyer, Josh Kaufman force steals on The Voice
t The Rumour Mill
e Orlando Bloom Dances On A Yacht, Was Applauded By Leonardo DiCaprio For  ...
e J.J. Abrams 'Star Wars VII': Why Lucasfilm Chose Abu Dhabi
b 96000 pounds of Oscar Meyer Wieners voluntarily recalled by Kraft
b UK PM Seeks Further Slarification Before Approving Pfizer-AstraZeneca Deal
e Kim Kardashian, Family Ride Carousel in Paris Before Wedding: Cute Pictures
e Controversial Japan girl group AKB48 attacked by fan with saw
t Report: Samsung prepping virtual reality headset
t Survey: 'Heartbleed' spooks 39 percent of Web surfers
e Ken Shamrock Talks Ultimate Warrior Passing Out Backstage, Inspiring Warrior  ...
t Lyrid Meteor Shower Peaks Tonight: How To Watch Live
b Obamacare Enrollment Surging With Last-Minute Sign-Ups
e He's Happy: Pharrell Williams Taking Over Cee Lo's Chair On “The Voice  ...
t FCC Chairman faces animosity over Net Neutrality rule
e The Other Woman: Why Female Friendships Matter
t Why Twitch could be the best $1 billion Google ever spends
e Does Tony really die? Sopranos creator David Chase lifts lid on ending seven  ...
t Sony network hit by attack, exec's flight diverted
m Striking a Nerve: Science, Hype in MS Stem Cell Tx
b US stocks gain on housing data, Pfizer deal; Dow ends up 0.53%
b Spirit Airlines racks up most complaints from travelers
b European Markets Fall As Iraq Events Send Crude Higher
e Beyonce & Jay Z Share Blue Ivy Home Movies During Miami Concert
e Shia LaBeouf escorted out of Broadway theatre for being disorderly
e Zac Efron says he's up for more 'High School Musical,' and so are we
e '22 Jump Street' review: This sequel is funnier than the original
t Sony unveils Project Morpheus, a virtual reality headset for the PlayStation 4
m Chia powder recalled over salmonella concerns
t Ex-Microsoft employee arrested for stealing Windows 8 trade secrets
e Ten Things You Didn't Know About Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's Wedding
t Microsoft's planned surprise today was indeed another Android smartphone  ...
e Willow Smith: In Bed with Moises Arias on Instagram!
e Fleetwood Mac Announce US And Canadian Tour With Christine McVie
m Using internet, apps to manage blood pressure has dangers, study says
t Microsoft frisked blogger's Hotmail inbox, IM chat to hunt Windows 8 leaker, court  ...
b Euro-zone construction weakens in March
e 'The Right Stuff': Jenny McCarthy Engaged to 'New Kid' Donnie Wahlberg
e Police never saw gunman's menacing online videos
t Earth Hour in B.C. reduces province's electricity load by one per cent
e Idris Elba & Girlfriend Welcome Baby Boy
e Stars flock to Venice as world's oldest film festival begins
t Farewell, iPad 2: Apple's iPad With Retina Display Is Back
e Baftas 2014: Ant and Dec, Coronation Street, Breaking Bad, Gogglebox, Sarah  ...
b Taco Bell Takes on Ronald McDonald
t LG joins smart car alliance
e Getty Images for BET
m iPads May Cause Rashes
m Emotions expressed on Facebook are contagious
t Facebook down for 10 minutes, chaos ensues
b Feds say they'll have to ration highway funds to the states
b How states fared on unemployment benefit claims
b Chrysler will recall 25000 Jeep and Dodge SUVs for brakes
e Woody Allen under fire for all-white cast of Broadway production about Harlem's  ...
b Kurdistan Starts Exporting Oil
e WWE news: Pat Patterson comes out of the closet on 'WWE Legend's House'
t BlackBerry Ltd (BBRY) Could Make a Comeback with a Partnership
b Fitch Updates US RMBS Surveillance and Re-REMIC Criteria
b Hong Kong hits seven-month high on U.S., China data
t Netflix And Comcast In War Of Words
e Bieber released from LAX detention after returning from Asia
t Apple planning smart home push – report
t S5 and Samsung's bid to lead innovation
t Iceland Issues "Red Alert," Evacuations over Volcano Scare
e Jewish Museum shooting suspect extradited
e Casting: Upon Realizing He Was Voicing 'Paddington' Colin Firth Drops Out  ...
e Selena Gomez fires parents so she can just go do dumb things without anyone  ...
b Number of Americans without health insurance reaches new low
t iPhone 5 – Why You Must Love This Phone?
t New Entry-Level 21.5-Inch iMac (2014): Top 3 Business Features
t Internet Explorer Zero-Day RCE Flaw Revealed
e Michael Jackson - Prince Jackson: Michael was 'the best' father
e REPORT Kim Kardashian and Kanye West to wed this week
b Illinois median home prices increase 7.6 percent in April, home sales decrease  ...
t Why Elon Musk's enticement stunt might just work out
b Politicians Demand that the MTA/LIRR Immediately Develop Strike Contingency  ...
b Consumer Reports: Best & Worst Fast Foods
t UN top court to rule on Japan whale hunt in Antarctic
m Stocks go up and down and up again...Profit declines...Merck: FDA signs off on  ...
t Federal Communications Commission fines Sprint $7.5 million in 'Do Not Call  ...
b BofA (BAC) Announces Dividend Hike, New $4B Buyback Plan
m Massachusetts Forced to Scrap State Obamacare Website, Plans New  ...
b Your Health Plan May Be About to Change: 3 Options Employers Are Using to  ...
e Cannes acclaim for Steve Carell in Foxcatcher prompts Oscars tips
t BlackBerry, T-Mobile Deal Not Renewed: BlackBerry Cease US Licensing  ...
b Median home prices up 8.3 percent in Illinois
e 10 Things to Know for Today
b EPA seeks nearly 45 percent carbon cut in Arkansas
e Robin Thicke Previews New Song 'Lock the Door'
m Hurricanes Katrina and Rita Could Explain Half of New Orleans Stillbirths
t Verizon: Bring your own device, get a discount
b Navy Seizes Tanker At Rebel-Held Port - Officials
e Ariana Grande the new princess of pop
b To The Fed: A Picture Is Worth 1000 Words
b First Approval in Over 40 Years for Exports of Unrefined US Oil Outside North  ...
m Smog killed 7m people in '12
b BP Profit Climbs, Warns On Rosneft Sanctions
b Tiffany & Co. Beats Q1 Estimates; Raises FY2014 Guidance; Stock Soars (TIF)
e That Looks Painful! Miley Cyrus Flaunts New 'Sad Kitty' Tattoo Inside Her Bottom  ...
b Search for missing Malaysia Airlines plane: key questions
e Miley Cyrus Postpones US Bangerz Dates Until August As She Recovers In  ...
b Revenue jumps at Twitter, but growth remains a concern
e Frances Bean Cobain Blasts Lana Del Rey For Wishing She Was Dead Like Kurt  ...
b 17/06/2014Battle brewing for Alstom after Siemens-Mitsubishi offer
b Ice cream stars in mixed Unilever performance
t Galaxy S5 opening weekend sales up 150% on S4, says CPW
b Stocks Mixed; Yellen, Ukraine, Data in Focus
b Crude oil up to $102 a barrel on Nigeria supply woes, growing demand with US  ...
b UPDATE 1-Encana to sell nat gas assets to TPG Capital for $1.8 bln
m Relay for Life set for May 2
b French Private-Sector Activity Declines in June
t Twitter launches mute, silence a user without them knowing
m UN Says the Spread of Polio is Now a World Health Emergency
b Medicare's financial health improving, checkup suggests
e Could the Winter Soldier be greater than The Joker?
t TweetDeck back online after security issue
b China exports up 0.9% in April
e 'Once Upon A Time' Season 4 Casts Elsa, Anna And Kristoff; 'Frozen' Queen  ...
t Skype: New test version of software that can translate voice calls
b Midfield Terminal at Abu Dhabi airport on track to open in 2017
e CELEB TATTOOS: THE GOOD, THE BAD & THE UGLY
m Jim Kelly faces the fight of his life: Beings first round of cancer treatment
m Man receives 3D-printed skull
t Emails from Apple exec show worry over Samsung ads
e 'Transformers 4′: Why the Box Office Smash is a Turning Point in China
b How 'fast money' crushed 'Candy Crush' IPO
e Emmy Awards : 'Breaking Bad',' Bryan Cranston night's big winners
e 'Allegiant,' the finale to 'Divergent,' will be split into two films
m Salmonella cases dip but overall fight against food poisoning disappointing  ...
b VW's Tony Cervone named head of GM global communications
t Amazon launches all-you-can-read service Kindle Unlimited
e Zayn Malik Engaged to Perrie Edwards 2014: One Direction Member Meets Little  ...
e Amazon Launches Streaming Music Service for Prime Members
t Galaxy Note 3 (SM-N9005) Update Brings Download Booster And More
b USD/JPY – Modest Gains as BOJ Holds Course
e 3-year-old forced to urinate in seat on plane, nearly kicked off flight
e Why Screenwriter Gary Whitta's Rant Proves He's Perfect For Star Wars
e Kevin Spacey - Kevin Spacey To Take On Winston Churchill In New Political  ...
e 'Army of Darkness' marches into town
e REVIEW: Game of Thrones, season four, episode one
e Fox Cancels 'Dads,' 'Surviving Jack' and 'Enlisted'
b Duke Energy Corp. to speed up coal ash removal from plants
e Representative for Gwyneth Paltrow Denies Cheating Rumors
t Launch Trailer For Mobile Game 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2' Released [VIDEO]
m Marijuana 'town hall' Friday at Colorado State Capitol
e Laid-Back! Gangsta Rapper Brian Williams Covers 'Gin and Juice' on 'Tonight  ...
b 'Global growth to remain sluggish'
e Odisha born film maker Jitendra Mishra in Cannes Producers Network 2014
m Nervous Teen Drivers Are Safer Behind the Wheel
t Tomorrow's 'Titanfall' Launch Will Be The Most Important Day For Xbox One Yet
e Pachter Calls Amazon 'King of Original Content'
e ESPN suspends Stephen A. Smith over domestic abuse comments
b Time To Get Health Insurance If You Don't Have It Says Extension Service
b 30-Year Fixed Mortgage Rates Decline on Zillow Mortgage Marketplace
e See Chris Evans, Samuel L. Jackson & Scarlett Johansson in Captain America 2  ...
e Colombian novelist Gabriel García Márquez dies at 87
m As Weather Improves, Take Precautions Against Mosquitos and Ticks
m Hookah smoking 'rising in popularity' among teenagers
e AP News in Brief at 5:58 pm EDT
b Valeant to bid for Botox maker Allergan; activist investor Ackman discloses $4.1B  ...
t What FCC Regulations On Broadband Mean For Hoosiers
t Google Is Building 180 Satellites To Give Internet To The World
e Kanye West Allegedly Wants Mary J Blige To Sing At His Wedding To Kim  ...
t Revealed: How the moon was born
t EBay hit by cyberattack, asks users to change passwords, report says
e WATCH: On the Set of “Mad Men,” Up Close and Personal
m Four Percent of US Adults Admit to Falling Asleep Behind the Wheel
b Fiat Chrysler can make 6M cars a year, CEO says
e Female? Want to be in Star Wars? Play an Ewok
t Google Autonomous Car Unveiled, Look Ma, No Hands!
e Try these ideas for sweet pairings for grown-up Easter treats
t Mountain View: 10 Occupy Google protesters arrested after refusing to leave for  ...
e Game Of Thrones Sets A New Torrent Download Record
e Picasso's 'Blue Room' has hidden occupant
t Polluted Delhi air: Does anyone care?
b Zillow buying Trulia in $3.5 billion deal to create online real estate titan
t An echo of the universe's cataclysmic birth has been detected by scientists in a  ...
m Indiana MERS patient's condition improving
e All set for Easter, the fest of hope & joy Jesus Christ resurrects
t Apple to channel George Jetson with smart-home system play
m Second Imported Case Of MERS Infection In US Reported In Florida
m Nightmare of bullying doesn't end with adulthood
t Is Google Ditching Chromecast For Android TV?
b Exxon profit surges up 28 percent, but production slips
b Covered California Announces Rates For 2015
b American Apparel dumps founder and CEO
e Amazon Escalates Its Battle Against Publishers
e Chris Brown promotes latest release and declares love from jail cell
b Dollar remains mostly higher after U.S. retail sales data
e JLaw feels her red carpet blunders may make fans 'sick'
e Miley Cyrus Really Wishes She Was Stoned (Photo)
t Google Dispels Myths About Connected Eyewear
b The Morning Leverage: Golden Gate Pays $2.1 Billion for Red Lobster
e New 'Game Of Thrones' season four trailer revealed - watch
t Microsoft Office for iPad expected to arrive on March 27
b DOT orders older rail cars not be used for Bakken oil
e Leaked Star Wars Episode VII Footage From Germany Is Fake (and Fun)
e Godzilla opens with $93.2 M
e Ranking The Muppet Movies
b Survey: US airlines rank lowest in satisfaction among travel sectors
e Kim Kardashian: Never Before Seen Topless Photo From 'Playboy' Shoot
m US Mers patient improving, ready for discharge
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West prepare for nuptials
b GoPro Gears Up for Today's Adrenaline-Pumping $3B IPO Engagement
e Beyoncé and Jay Z to announce joint tour?
e Beyonce and Solange put on united front at A-list charity event
b EPA And Army Corps Move Today To Safeguard Clean Water
e 'Monty Python Live (Mostly): One Down, Five To Go' will feature a cameo from  ...
t Energy companies in the USA and Europe targeted by malware
t GM to Recall 1.3M More Vehicles for Steering Glitch
e 10 Best 'Weird Al' Yankovic parodies through the years
e Keith Urban, Nicole Kidman sing at Melbourne Children's Hospital
e Leonardo DiCaprio cheered on Bloom in Bieber fight
t Reader Discussion - What Do You Want To See From Nintendo At E3?
b Barclays to hold talks with staff before revealing impact 14000 job losses will  ...
t 16-year-old Nigerian weightlifter fails drug test
b Health providers target young adults for Affordable Care Act
e Khloé Kardashian Thinks French Montana is a 'Great Guy' But is He Just a  ...
b Nasdaq loses 3% in worst day since 2011
e Jennifer Lopez drops F-bomb on 'American Idol' 0
m Salmonella outbreak linked to live poultry report...
e New "The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1" teaser trailer excites fans with  ...
t Apple Pursuit of Samsung Starts Bordering On Farce
e Rapper Severs Penis, Jumps From Building
t MotoGP: Marquez dominant, rides to win in Austin
t Samsung teases upcoming Galaxy K on Instagram
e George R.R. Martin discusses culprit behind Purple Wedding on 'Game of Thrones'
e Transformers, Dinosaurs, and Angels
b FOREX-Dollar gains after ECB comments, US consumer confidence data
b French satellite images reveal more possible MH370 debris
e 'NY Times' publisher outlines Abramson ouster, denies sexism
b Recap of live blog of Janet Yellen's appearance before the House
e Shop This: You, Too, Can Look Like Katie Holmes on The Cover of 'Glamour'
e Hugh Jackman, undergoing cancer treatment, urges fans to wear sunscreen
t Giant Storm That Created Jupiter's Great Red Spot May Be Waning
t Ocean acidification could mean trouble for Alaska
t Apple rumored to be working on acquisition of Beats Electronics for $3.2 billion
b This Is How a 'Go-Around' Avoids Disaster at an Airport
e Celebrity IG BET Awards #WKND Recap: Gabrielle, Kerry, Pharrell, Nicki and more
m First Embryonic Stem Cells Cloned From A Man's Skin
t New MacBook Pro Retina details leaked, big spec boost inbound
e Stream Coldplay's 'Ghost Stories' album
e Dear Sheryl Sandberg: There Are Far Worse Things Than Being Called Bossy
e GWAR's Oderus Urungus (aka Dave Brockie) dead at 50; watch his last Detroit  ...
b Ask Amy: Sister wants to reconcile while mother is ill
e Sean Lowe tells 'Bachelorette' Andi Dorfman that Josh Murray isn't her soulmate
m South African HIV prevalence rises on soaring new infections
e First Look: Rosemary's Baby
b New Batch of Recalls Puts GM Into Record Numbers
e Jessica Simpson to wed this weekend: report
b Monday is last day to enroll in Obamacare health plan for 2014
t Google to launch health service to collect your data, called Google Fit
b Rivals to merge and base largest global banana firm in Ireland
t Google Glass gets hardware refresh and 12 new features update
b NEW: Unemployment bucks national trend and rises for the first time this year
e Pharrell Williams joins 'The Voice' as coach for season 7
e Kim Kardashian isn't the problem
b Notable Mergers and Acquisitions of the Day 06/19: (TEL)/(MEAS) (TWTR) (GIL)
t Sensors placed on Arctic ice sheets to track melting and breakup
e Macklemore apologises over 'offensive' costume
m Way to a man's – or woman's – heart is through the stomach
m Left alone with their thoughts, people choose electric shock: study
t Chevrolet Performance Car Lineup Detailed
t Apple makes play for Beats
t Google Android One Affordable Phones With Regular Updates Headed to India  ...
b Here's What Tesla And The Other Silicon Valley 'Disruptors' Don't Get About  ...
m Cancer society renews call for ban on tanning beds for minors
t Harrisburg area average gas price is 17 cents lower than a month ago
e Diddy Did Stop Being Puff Daddy: Here's The Proof
b NTSB Faults Pilot Error for Asiana Airlines Crash
b GM CEO Apologizes for Deaths Linked to Recalled Cars
t NASA successfully tests 'flying saucer'
e Crowe deluged by fans as Hollywood star attends Noah premiere in capital
e Christopher Michael-Martinez's Father Gets It Right
e Johnny Depp served with legal papers at premiere, report says
t NASA's Orbital Carbon Observatory Has Launched!
m US autism rate surges, CDC reports
t Recalling of vehicles by Honda,Mazda,Nissan for Airbag Problems
b Gilead profit triples, hepatitis C drug revenue reaches $2.3 bln
e New Mad Men Promo: Up in the Air
t NASA And Boeing Finalize $2.8 Billion Contract For SLS Rocket
m New York City Cops to Carry Heroin Overdose Kits
m Many Vegetative People Are Actually Conscious
b Ukraine's Naftogaz Files Lawsuit in Stockholm Over Russia Gas
m Climate Change Could Affect Our Nutrition Due to Carbon Dioxide Concentrations
m Mumps Outbreak at OSU, Why Now? Doctors Talk Vaccinations
e Why Kit Harington Used a Butt Double on 'Game of Thrones'
e Hottest couple alert: Joe Manganiello, Sofia Vergara dating
b Asian shares gain
e Movie review: 'Oculus,' 2.5 stars
b Fleeting Paychecks Aren't Imaginary, Consumer Pricing On The Rise
e Should Aereo Win Its Supreme Court Case Against the TV Networks?
m Sarepta Therapeutics: Keep on Climbing
e Attorneys for 2 Ohio women held captive say Joan Rivers should apologize for  ...
t 'Flying saucer' test vehicle and parachute recovered
e Gwen Stefani Confirmed As New Coach On The Voice
t U.S. fossil discovery shows biggest-known flying seabird
t EBay Passwords Hacked, 145 Million Users Affected
e George Strait takes top honours at Academy of Country Music Awards
t New images reveal an overhauled Store for Windows Phone 8.1, includes  ...
e Thrones' Gleeson knew about Purple Wedding twist
e Into the World of 'Bears'
e The day Peaches Geldof visited Bolton
b Wells Fargo's earnings surge 14 percent as bank continues to trim loan losses  ...
t Tweetdeck shut down by 'security issue'
t Apple resets the clock as investors await next big thing
e Sherri Shepherd, Jenny McCarthy Leaving "The View"
t Climate Change Threatens 30 US Landmarks
t Apple opens OS X Beta Seed Program for everyone
t Microsoft Surface Pro 3 vs 2014 Apple MacBook Air: Which is best?
e Joan Lunden Cancer: Former 'Good Morning America' Host Reveals Battle
t Business Highlights
m 4 new Mers deaths in Saudi Arabia
e Floyd Mayweather Jr. Explains His Altercation With TI
m Fort Worth researchers seek simple Alzheimer's test
b Markets jump on Yellen's jobs speech
m Calif. sugary drink warning label effort fails
t AT&T's DirecTV Takeover Will Crush the Dream of A-La-Carte TV
t Amazon vs. Hachette
m March brings awareness for colon cancer
t Amazon launches wearable-tech store
b US stocks fall sharply as earnings disappoint
m First-ever NAMIWalk in Alabama raises $55000 to increase awareness of mental  ...
e 9 Paper Buildings By the Winner of Architecture's Top Prize
e 'Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.' Season Finale Has At Least One Major Cameo
e Nicola Peltz Keeps Upping The Red Carpet Ante In This Racy Lacy Number At  ...
e 'Big Bang Theory' renewed for 3 more seasons
t Keep an eye out for your pals Facebook's new Nearby Friends feature
e Bachelorette 2014 Bleachable Moments: Nick Viall's Awkward Silence Takes the  ...
t Neanderthals Ate Their Veggies
e Lorde Is Curating The 'Mockingjay' Soundtrack (And Providing Its First Single!)
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Upstaged by Early Carrier Launch
b Devon Energy Announces $2.3 Billion Sale of US Non-Core Assets
t what's next for Internet TV?
e ALS Ice Bucket Challenge pays tribute to Claremont resident
t Apple, IBM Partner to Boost Business Adoption of iOS
e 7 Reasons Coachella Is The Most Epic Event of 2014
m Study Finds That E-Cigarettes Don't Really Help Smokers Quit
m Surge In Painkiller Prescriptions Has Deadly Consequences
b SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Brower Piven Announces the Investigation of PLX  ...
t Gasoline surging to six-year seasonal high
e House music legend Frankie Knuckles dies unexpectedly
b Former Treasury secretaries, financial leaders press business to cut climate  ...
m 10 Cities With Best, Worst Well-Being
e Usher nabs first 'Voice' victory with Josh Kaufman
b Libyan official: US navy hands oil tanker to Libya
b California to Get $100 Million-Plus in Historic Citi Settlement
b European Parliament election results bring no good news for Ukraine
e Review: Even lovebirds hit rough spots in 'Rio 2'
e Powdered alcohol: 5 things to know about Palcohol
e 5-Year-Old REALLY Doesn't Want Her Baby Brother to Grow Up (VIDEO)
m South Africa safe for visitors, says its airline
b Ford to name Fields as CEO, Mulally to retire by year-end
t Facebook changes privacy setting feature
t Google partners with Ray-Ban, Oakley on Google Glass
b Emirates cancels 70 aircraft order with Airbus
e Keith Richards to publish children's book
t Dear Facebook, Please Experiment On Me
e 5 Years on, Michael Jackson More Alive than Before
t Final fed climate report will present dire picture - Spokane, North Idaho News  ...
b Detroit still needs $350M from state lawmakers - News and Weather For The  ...
t Traveling three times faster than a bullet, LADEE slams into the moon
e Bryan Cranston Goes Full Walter White to Help Teen Get Prom Date (VIDEO)
e Police visited virgin killer Elliot Rodger's apartment one month before rampage
b Pinterest Announce First Revenue Source: Promoted Pins
b Sterling steps back
t FCC not happy with Dodgers TV situation. Hollywood to keep film alive.
t Introducing the New Planet "Mega-Earth"
e Andy Serkis' career evolves thanks to 'Apes,' 'Rings'
e When TV Personalities Go Too Far
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's epic pre-wedding party
e Bryan Cranston helps fan land prom date
t Google Hangouts and Talk experience multi-hour outage
t T-Mobile wants you to try out its network with a free iPhone 5S
e Malia Obama gets a taste of Hollywood
b Drugmaker Shire rejects AbbVie bid
b Pound Sterling to Australian Dollar (GBP/AUD) Exchange Rate Rallies, RBA  ...
b Yellen: Labor Market Needs Aid
e Dior unveils Cruise 2015 collection in New York
e Movie Review: Disneynature's “Bears”
b Twitter seeks to soar despite slowing adoption
e Heartbreaker! Justin Bieber's pal Chantel Jeffries leaves little to the imagination  ...
m Has Malaria Met Its Match?
e Terminus in The Walking Dead: Full of Cannibals? 9 Theories, Facts (+Spoilers  ...
b Is Prologis (PLD) Poised to Beat Earnings Estimates? - Analyst Blog
b Office for iPad brings Microsoft into the post-PC era
e A Double Dose of Prince Due This Fall
t Koalas hug cool trees to beat the heat: researchers
e 'Conscious uncoupling' of Gwyneth Paltrow-Chris Martin met with mockery and  ...
e ACM Awards 2014: The Best of Country on the Red Carpet [PHOTOS]
e Bill Murray takes on the role of quirky mentor in St. Vincent trailer
e Millions expected to convince themselves they really loved Guardians of the  ...
t Galaxy Tab 4 Release Date Announced for May 1, Price Set for $200
e Fraternity fun in Zac's neighbours-at-war film
e Chill seekers have an ice day
b UPDATE 1-Citi to settle legacy securities claims, incur $100 mln charge
b UPDATE 2-Symantec fires CEO Bennett
b Swiss banks braced for rocky meetings
t Fully Charged: LG posts G3 specs early, Apple's iPhone home automation plans  ...
t Apple Could Pay Ebook Buyers $400 Million
m Patient with respiratory symptoms and travel history tests negative for MERS-CoV
t Tesla Motors releases EV patents to the public
e 'The Bachelorette' episode 4: 'I came on this to meet a person, not a TV actress.'
b China signs deal for Russian gas, boosting Putin's Asia pivot (+video)
b Toyota posts record annual profit of $19bn
e Christians observe Good Friday around the world
b OECD forecasts emerging economies will hold back global recovery
t Titanfall gets a free companion app on mobile devices
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West head to Ireland for honeymoon?
b Australia's Woodside Petroleum In Play As A Takeover Target After Shell Makes  ...
e Jay Z And Blue Ivy Loved Beyonce's VMAs Performance
b Postal workers protest at Staples stores
t BlackBerry Releases BBM Update Featuring Sticker Support And Better Photo  ...
e Caesar Speaks in 'Dawn of the Planet of the Apes' New Trailers
m Guinea says has contained Ebola outbreak, death toll rises
m US Ranks Embarrassingly Low For Best Places To Be A Mom
t U-verse has 11.3m subs
b VIDEO: AT Agrees To Buy DirecTV In $48.5 Billion Deal
t UK, US govt warns against using IE until bug is fixed
e Jane and Lily together again
e Sia Goes #1 In The US
b Thinking about flying? See which airline has the most complaints
e Hollywood Wedding Glitz And Glamour: Kim & Kanye Tied The Knot
t Facebook sucks at innovation and its products fail a lot
m Mid-Morning Market Update: Markets Rise; Halliburton Posts Q1 Profit
t Can Samsung's standalone smartwatch be a game changer?
b Malaysia Airlines passenger jet 'shot down' in east Ukraine
e Star Wars Episode 7 Plot, News and Rumors: Han Solo, Princess Leia, Luke  ...
e Miley's bus burns
b The Walt Disney Company (DIS) Posts Quarterly Earnings, Beats Expectations  ...
m Lesbians are more likely to get vaccinated, but also to drink excessively
e Theology aside, 'Heaven' gets strength from family
e Who Killed Joffrey in 'Purple Wedding'? Co-Stars React to Joffrey Baratheon's  ...
e Cumberbatch heads into Black Mass
b Moelis Stung by Failure of Omnicom-Publicis Deal
e Michelle Obama to appear on ABC's 'Nashville'
e 'Walking Dead' Star Andrew Lincoln -- Don't Ruin 'Breaking Bad' for Me!
m Obamacare Gets a CEO - Health Care Edge
e Lee Marshall, who voiced Tony the Tiger, dead at 64
b Injecting cash to stimulate economy would be complex for ECB, Hansson says
b Lorillard Inc. (LO) & Reynolds American (RAI) Surged On Reports Of Talks
t GM recalls another 3 million vehicles
b R.J. Reynolds Sells Iconic Reynolds Building For $7.8 Mln
t Early Signs of Exomoon Beyond Our Solar System Identified
t Google's 'Street View' maps add digital time capsules to provide visual  ...
b UK CPI rises to 1.8% in April, core CPI hits 2%
t War on the anti-gay CEO behind one of the world's most popular browsers  ...
e Trending: Wildfire wedding pics; 'All By Myself' music video - Cincinnati News  ...
b British Pound To American Dollar Exchange Rate (GBP/USD) Sent Lower On  ...
b FAA will miss deadline to integrate drones in US skies, report says
b 'LafargeHolcim to be largest cement, concrete firm'
e Bozell & Graham Column: Barbara Walters, Queen of Softballs
t Siri creator Nuance seeking sale
m Wendy Orent: Worried about MERS? Worry about polio instead
e Goodnight, Godfather
b Existing home sales rebound, inventory increases
e Channing Tatum On 'Invisible Friend' And 'Drinking Too Much' In GQ
e PHOTOS: Israel Gay Pride Parade in Tel Aviv
t Microsoft Studios chief Phil Spencer takes over Xbox division
b The Fierce Battle for the Soul of Bitcoin
b GHash.IO: the anonymously founded company with the power to bring down  ...
t Scientists: Evidence of Big Bang's Beginning
b Durbin touts student loan proposal in Naperville
e Prince announces not one, but two, new studio albums
m A gene, which will make you smarter than others: Study
t Earth-size planet that could support life discovered
e Watch the Dawn of the Planet of the Apes Trailer
t Nokia Becomes Microsoft Mobile
e AP PHOTOS: Maya Angelou's life and art
t After investigating Mail incident, AOL confirms breach
b EU Commission lowers inflation forecasts, debt projections held
e Farley Mowat Dead: Acclaimed Canadian Author Dies At 92
e Richard Attenborough Dead: Cinema Legend Lord Attenborough Dies Aged 90
e Hollywood embraces 22-year-old 'Divergent' star, hugger Shailene Woodley
t Apple on Medical Tech Hiring Spree in a Possible Hint of iWatch Plans
e Stephen Colbert's racial joke sparks firestorm of criticism, calls to cancel his show
m Dr. Oz scolded during weight loss scams hearing
b Cross-Currency Swap Premium Rises Amid ECB Rate Cut Speculation
m Israeli men have world's fourth-highest life expectancy
e Jennifer Lopez to Receive Icon Award at 2014 Billboard Music Awards
t Sony's white-knuckled weekend - hack attack and bomb threat
b China satellite finds object near search area for missing Malaysian jet
e 'Begin Again' review: Think you've seen this movie before? You have -- it's called  ...
e 'The Voice': Adam, Blake, Shakira and Usher Talk Before Season 6 Playoffs
e 'The Voice' Season 6 final battles: The Top 20 is set
e Rosie O'Donnell Refuses to Work With Reality TV Stars on 'The View'
e Kris Jenner Showing Off Paris Glory Ahead Of Kim Kardashian's Wedding
e In Iran, You Can't Be 'Happy'
t NOAA: Charleston's Coastal Flooding Has Increased Fourfold since 1960
t Climate Change to Hamper Quality, not just quantity, of Food Production
e Khloe Kardashian feels guilty about Rob Kardashian gaining weight; Kim shows  ...
e Homeless Robert Pattinson's "Minions" May Know Where All His Belongings Are
e Captain America: The Winter Soldier Scores April Opening Record; Passes $300  ...
t Storms Threaten Second Launch Try To ISS
e One Year Later, Cory Monteith Is Not Forgotten By Lea Michele And "Glee" Friends
t Microsoft's latest Xbox One ad has Aaron Paul inadvertently activating consoles
t PM needs Japanese whales guarantee: Greens
t Google Glass Goes On Sale... For a Day
t Did Google just accidentally reveal the Nexus 9?
t Watch this cool robotic fish swim like an actual fish
t Android Wear launch eclipsed by bug that stops paid apps from installing
e Khloe double date: Khloe Kardashian brings French Montana out with sister
e How I Met Your Mother Finale: How Will It End?
e Bunny Yeager's vibrant photographs of Bettie Page led to fame
b salesforce.com, inc. (CRM) Releases Q2 Earnings Guidance
e Rio 2: Thrilling, but too many bad guys
t Apple's new operating system may just be way of playing catch up to competitors
e Tracy Morgan's Mother Blocked From Seeing Injured Comedian Son
m JP runners prepare for Boston Marathon
t Rumor: Google eyeing acquisition of Dropcam
b Differences between European financial markets still wide, say European  ...
t Google Glass wearable technology comes to the UK
t Heartbleed bug has computer users on edge
e TV: Promo and Stills from 'Game of Thrones' Season 4 Finale
m VIDEO: Marijuana Pills, Sprays Might Ease MS Symptoms
m Michelle Obama backs school nutrition plan
e True Blood Tease: Season 7 Clip Hits Facebook [Video, SPOILERS]
t T. rex gets new home in Smithsonian dinosaur hall
t Canadians from coast to coast can view lunar eclipse
e Chelsea Handler Remembers 7 Years Of Forcing Straight Men To Kiss: WATCH
m First case of MERS contracted on US soil: Illinois resident catches deadly virus  ...
e A festive, drama-free Fourth: Grilling and fireworks safety tips for the holiday
t 'No one will be untouched by climate change'
e The Trailer for Ben Affleck and David Fincher's Gone Girl Hits
t Google Thinks There May Eventually Be Ads in Thermostats
t Google self driving car now intelligent enough for busy city streets
e 50 Cent Says Beyoncé Confronted Him Over Alleged Beef With Jay Z
t Google purchases solar-powered drone maker
t NASA's Mars 2020 rover: tools it will use to hunt for ancient microbial life
e Newly Married Kim Kardashian Still Has Time To Give Us Lessons In Duck Face
e Captain America: The Winter Soldier: 'Black Widow' Scarlett Johansson Goes  ...
m More smokers, but fewer smoking tobacco products
b China 'should not worry' about closer Australia-Japan defense ties
e The Movie Review: “Transcendence”
b Russia cuts gas supply to Ukraine amid mounting tensions
m Ebola epidemic spreads to Liberia
e Celebrity Cruises Partners With the 2014 Tribeca Film Festival, Provides Red  ...
e 93mph Crash Killed Paul Walker, New Report Finds
t Canadian study on 'walking fish' sheds light on evolution of limbs
e Set List: Rolling Stones Return to the Road in Oslo, Norway
e Prankster who attacked Brad Pitt struck before on Leonardo DiCaprio, Will Smith  ...
t T-Mobile offers network test drive, free music streaming to lure customers
e Trailer surfaces for local film 'The Equalizer'
e Transcendence: Frankenstein meets the Internet
t First tweets of eight influential UK tech leaders
t Cute or Creepy? PetMatch App Can Find Your Old Pet's Lookalike
t HTC Press Event Invites Point To August 19th Announcement
b Hidden 'social bias' lurks in Silicon Valley
e TV Quick Hits: NBC sets 'The Music Man,' Simon Cowell's surprise; David  ...
b Stocks to Watch: American Eagle Outfitters (AEO), Himax Technologies, Inc  ...
e Maggie Q goes commando
b Mylan (MYL) Affirms FY14 EPS Outlook, Comments on Teva Patent Litigation  ...
e India Counters All That Ice with a Rice Bucket Challenge
t Microsoft Office 365 Review: The Apps You Know & Much More
b 3D printing stocks fall after 3D Systems' Q1 report
b Fourth of July: hotdogs, fireworks and highest gas prices since 2008
e 'OUAT' Stars Ginnifer Goodwin & Josh Dallas Have Gotten Married
e The Mockingjay Lives in New 'The Hunger Games' Teaser
b NZ dollar hits three-year high
e JOHNNY DEPP HAS HIS OWN DIAMOND ENGAGEMENT RING!
b Hong Kong shares sink 1.68pc, Hang Seng Index fell 389.25 points
e Divergent deviates from the hero movie motif
b BlackBerry Earnings Only Look Good Because They're Not Awful
t JD.com To Allow Xbox One Pre-Orders In China
e True Blood Finale Recap With Spoilers: Thank You
t Google Welcomes 28 New Members To Its Android Auto Initiative
m Chimerix approves drug for Josh Hardy
t Sony's April 2014 NPD Response: PS4 Demand "Continues to Outstrip Supply"
e Batman: Arkham Knight Delayed To 2015; New Batmobile Trailer
e Kim Kardashian Shares New Wedding Photos
e Dancing with the Stars Celebrating Party Anthems on Monday Night
t Marchionne Calls Auto Industry 'An Incredibly Flat World' [Video]
m Mom's lifetime risk of death from pregnancy jumps 50 percent
e 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle' trailer gives clearest look yet at rebooted heroes in  ...
t Iceland Issues Red Alert after Small Eruption under Dyngjujokull Ice Cap
b Stocks rise Friday as technology shares gain
e 'Neighbours' knocks 'Spider-Man' from US box office perch
b Amgen, AbbVie Seen as Possible AstraZeneca White Knights
t Apple getting 30 percent of Office 365 in-app sales
t Robbers grab US$36 mil Samsung electronics in Brazil
t Supreme Court declines to intervene in Street View wiretapping scandal
b Vietnam wants India to 'rise quickly' to counter China
e US Airways apologises for porn image on Twitter
t Google weighs in to aid Samsung in second court battle with Apple
e Angelina Jolie Interview For 'Maleficent'
t 5 things you missed: Microsoft on iPad, navigation for your bike, more
e Mick Jagger - Rolling Stones postponed tour to cost $10million
m Gays face some health challenges: US report
e Yahoo Grabs Community For Its Video Streaming Website
e Final X-Men:Days of Future Past Trailer is Epic
b Chinese aircraft, icebreaker reach target areas, multinational search resumes for  ...
e 'Jeopardy!' Host Alex Trebek Breaks Guinness World Record
e Rap Genius Cofounder's Creepy Comments on Elliot Rodger's Memoir
e Gene Simmons on KISS, the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, & More (The Interview)
e Full Flash Costume Revealed
e Tracy Morgan upgraded to 'fair' condition
e Latest 'Hercules' Trailer With Dwayne Johnson Mixes Old Myths and New
m Global Umbilical Cord Blood Stem Cell Market Is Expected to Reach $56.4  ...
e Gone Girl Makes You Appreciate What You Have In Trailer and Poster
b Stocks Follow Intel's Lead Up
e This Ohio Man Is Making a $22000 Potato Salad
b The Biggest Risks to Alibaba's IPO
t Microsoft Office for iPad: who's it for?
m Top 5 Summer Illnesses: Your Guide to Avoiding the Doctor's Office This Season
b Alibaba founder eyes US listing - and next challenge | Bangkok Post: news
m US Gives Protective Equipment to Aid Liberia Ebola Response
e New Study Links 'The Colbert Report' to Presidential Election Campaign  ...
m More than 1 million Fitbit wristbands recalled due to skin irritation
b NEW YORK, NY - Tiffany & Co.'s net income spiked 50 per cent in the first  ...
e Led Zeppelin Is Getting Sued Over 'Stairway to Heaven'
t Countdown on for Apple's iWatch as firm poaches Swiss watch experts for secret  ...
t Should You Jump From Samsung Galaxy S4 To An S5?
m New Research: Students who Sext are Sexually More Active
t Google Maps for Android Adding Tools for Cyclists
e Gwyneth Paltrow will not be joining Chris Martin on Coldplay tour
t GM offers loaners, $500 allowances to recalled-car owners
e Ink-redible: Selena Gomez gets 'Love Yourself' tattoo
t UN Panel: Climate Change Will Cost Trillions And Trigger Hunger, Floods  ...
t Samsung Galaxy Grand Z available online at Rs 18499
t You Can Now AirPlay to the Apple TV in Environments Where Bonjour is Blocked
b US estimates Fannie, Freddie to repay $179.2bn to taxpayers
e Jodie Foster secretly marries girlfriend Alexandra Hedison 9:26AM
m Justina Pelletier to transfer to Conn. facility
b $31.5mn allocated by USDA for research to fight citrus fruit disease
e Is Miley Too Sick to Finish Bangerz Tour? Here's the Latest…
b 'I Don't Really Want To Embarrass The Coca-Cola Company'
t Brand News: Moshi Monsters Network, Apple Gears Up for iWatch and more
t Ohio gas prices steady to start work week
b Warren Buffett, Coca-Cola and the Not-So-American Dream
b BlackBerry Q1: $23 million in profit, beats analyst expectations
e Selena Gomez Served Subpoenas In Paparazzo Lawsuits Against Justin Bieber
m Kindred Healthcare, Inc. (KND) Issues FY14 Earnings Guidance
t AOL discloses security breach of user accounts
b Independent Scania board members reject bid, Volkswagen unfazed
t Verizon's Galaxy S5 plagued with huge bug that has no fix
e Josh Kaufman Sings on The Voice 2014 Season 6 Blind Auditions (VIDEO)
e The videos of Selena Gomez that Justin Bieber didn't want you to see. Or did he?
e 'Game of Thrones' director justifies incestuous 'rape' scene
e Eminem, Rihanna to play 'Monster' stadium shows
e From Tribeca to You, Joss Whedon's 'In Your Eyes', Now Available Online
b RBA confirms rate decision
e Selena Gomez Speaks At 'We Day' California
b ETFs to Avoid as Tesla Misses on Earnings - ETF News And Commentary
e Morning Jolt: Mickey Rooney dies at 93
t Meet the Zuckasaurus, Facebook's New Privacy Mascot
t 'Bigfoot' hair samples found to be mostly from bears, wolves
b US: Stocks finish little changed on mixed data
b Vodafone's annual profit jumps to £59.25 bn with Verizon Wireless sale
e American Idol: Jena Irene, C.J. Harris and Alex Preston Stand Out from the Pack
e UPDATED: TI Starts Las Vegas Brawl With Floyd Mayweather
t New Amazon smartphone reflects multi-camera trend
e Kim Kardashian's family and friends tweet their support for her Vogue cover
e Lupita Nyong´o Named Most Beautiful Person
b April 15 could be just another spring day
e 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' preview
b WisdomTree: SoftBank Top Holding: Our New Japan ETF Provides Indirect  ...
e The moment we've all been waiting for: Kimye are married!
t GOOG Stock: Google Goes Retail With NYC Google Store
t This is the secret to Elon Musk and Tesla's success
m UPDATED - Advantame approved as food additive by FDA
b Report: NHTSA head blames GM for recall delay
t Apple introduces a new 16GB iPod touch with iSight camera
t Apple turns to IBM for help in selling more iPhones, iPads to corporate customers
b Whole Foods cuts profit, sales outlook as competition intensifies | The Republic
t Google Glass Livestream App: New Technology Allows Massive Audience Viewing
t New climate study fuels Obama's fight against carbon pollution
t 'Cosmos' Host Neil deGrasse Tyson Reflects on TV's New 'Spacetime Odyssey'
t Fairy circles apparently not created by termites after all
t The Most Ironic Thing About Apple's New Global Partnership With IBM: StockTwits
b Employment in Manitoba rises by 5200 in July
e Review: 'How I Met Your Mother' finale ends in the worst way possible
e Wu-Tang-Affiliated Rapper Cuts Off His Own Penis, Jumps Off Balcony in  ...
m Accra: Special Ministerial Meeting on Ebola
t Windows Phone 8.1 Developer Preview update adds the UK Cortana beta this  ...
e Films with song-dance have more longevity: Rahman (Interview)
t Facebook-like Twitter web profiles now live; coming soon for all users
b Marathon buys key Hess unit
t Skylanders: Trap Team: New Traptanium Portal lets you trap enemies, features  ...
e THEATER REVIEW: Chris O'Dowd shines in 'Of Mice and Men'
e Don't worry, somebody already fixed the How I Met Your Mother ending
b China learns not to rescue its lame ducks
e Amazon opens a streaming music service focused on the hits
b American, US Airways ditching Orbitz
m Middle School Students Who Send or Receive Sexts Are More Likely to be  ...
b State water regulators up enforcement powers
t Nest learning thermostat does a peek-a-boo on Google Play Store
e Little Girl Learns Baby Brother Will Grow Up Someday, Sobs Lovingly and  ...
b McDonald's faces critics at annual meeting
b Yellen: Fed stimulus still needed for job market - Live5News.com | Charleston  ...
e Kate Middleton pregnant rumors confirmed? Will royal couple announce second  ...
b Chrysler Group Vehicle Sales July 2014: Up 20 Percent
e BET suspends producer after Blue Ivy joke
t Ford recalls C-Max, Escapes and others to fix safety issues
t LG G3 Design, Camera and QHD Display Teased in New Videos
e US ready to take on Belgium in World Cup
b US close: Sell-off resumes as Nasdaq drops 3.1 per cent
e Movie Review: "Planes: Fire and Rescue"
m Relay for Life hosts Survivors' Banquet
e Finishing Touches In Place For Macy's Fourth of July Fireworks Spectacular
t LG G Watch is now available for purchase in Japan
e Lunchtime Links: Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams Fought While Filming The  ...
t EVE: Valkyrie still coming to Oculus Rift despite Facebook buyout
b Investors Purchase Large Volume of Put Options on Walgreen Company (WAG)
e Mariah Carey, Nick Cannon -- Absence Makes the Heart Fonder ... But Not That  ...
t Twitter reborn with more photo options, revamped interface & #music
b Fiat Says Ciao to Italy, Chrysler Merger Ends Era
t Marissa Mayer Doesn't Want a Merger wth AOL
e Chris Evans plans to retire from acting after The Avengers 3
b Object spotted in hunt for missing plane
e Watch Broadway Vet Perform a Musical Theatre Surprise on "Mad Men" Mid  ...
e Star Wars 7 plot: Production wraps up in Gloucestershire, England for Forest  ...
b A closer look at the casino applicants
e Watch Kim Kardashian swim with dolphins before planting huge smacker on one  ...
e Guitarist Johnny Winter dies at 70
e Connor reviews 'Guardians of the Galaxy'
t Live: Android 'L' version, wearables, Android TV expected at Google I/O keynote
b New Report Shows Impact of West Coast Port Shutdown
e 'X-Men' soar, 'Blended' sinks
e Idris Elba and girlfriend welcome first child together
b Burger King in merger talks with Tim Hortons donut chain
b American Apparel gets $25 million from hedge fund
t Tesla Moves Even Closer To Selling in New Jersey
e Better off dead than at Terminus: A Walking Dead recap
b U.K. Inflation Accelerates on Airfare Surge
b Philly mayor signs order limiting ICE detentions
m Blood test may be able to detect suicidal tendencies
m Sleep and Childhood Obesity
b Krispy Kreme cuts full-year adjusted earnings outlook
m Mosquito borne virus spreading to the US
t Microsoft announces 2-in-1 Surface Pro 3
b UPDATE 2-Data storage firm Box files for US IPO of about $250 mln
b The Dow's Banks Take a Hit for Bank of America's Blunder
b Global stocks rise on upbeat US data, euro falls
e Kim Kardashian Steals Kylie Jenner's Bikini - Who Wore it Better?
t OnePlus One Smartphone Finally Launched With CyanogenMod 11S: What  ...
t Steer clear of Internet Explorer, warn international CERTs
t DoJ Shuts Down GameOver Zeus Virus After International Intrigue
b Service sector expands more quickly in April
t Amazon is widely expected to launch a smartphone
t UN handed masterplan to tackle climate change
m CDC Definition of 'Heavy Drinker' May Surprise You
e 'Veep' Incompetency Index: Raging Against a Bunch of Dead-Eyed White Guys
m MUI allows 'umrah' to continue
t A Strawberry Moon
m Greencastle Relay for Life raises $236K to fight cancer
e Emmy Awards : 'Breaking Bad',' Bryan Cranston night's big winners
b Zillow to buy real-estate rival Trulia
e Chris Soules to bring back his Iowa-farmer charm as the new 'Bachelor'
t Samsung infringed Apple patents, ordered to pay $119M — but it's a mixed verdict
e David Cronenberg's 'Maps to Stars' is a twisted, all-star Hollywood tale | The  ...
t eBay hacked, 145 million records accessed in 2nd largest breach in US history
e This was without a doubt the best moment at the MTV Movie Awards
e Fleetwood Mac reunites and comes to Tampa
e Amazon snares 'Sopranos,' other classic shows in deal with HBO
m FDA approves Celgene drug for psoriatic arthritis
t iOS 7.1 is out! Update adds CarPlay support, improves Siri, iTunes Radio  ...
e Phil Collins donates his huge collection of Alamo items
b Euro, pound tread water before German Ifo, Carney testimony
b Yuan, China's currency, is starting to look a bit shaky
m Study Links Being Underweight to Higher Risk of Dying: Study
t Flickr Apps Add Instagram-Like Video Capture
e The Voice
t Aquanaut Fabien Cousteau Surfaces After Spending 31 Days Underwater
m Floridians saved millions on prescriptions, thanks to Obamacare, gov't says
t February NPDs: PlayStation 4 Sells, Xbox One Earns, DK Boosts
t Top Windows Phone Apps to help celebrate Saint Patrick's Day
e Warner Bros. Won't Change Release Date of 'Batman Vs. Superman' For  ...
e “Homeland” Actor James Rebhorn Dead at 65
e One Direction rocks Kids' Choice Awards
m 2 Investigates: Doctors warn of rise in spread of Lyme disease
t Apple Inc. to Take 30% Cut of Microsoft Corporation's Office 365 App (AAPL  ...
t Predicting Mars Cuisine: Grasshoppers with a Side of Fungi (Op-Ed)
m Oconee ranked amongst healthiest Georgia counties
t Watch Dogs gameplay will spoil story
e Harry Styles is not impressed with his weed smoking bandmates!
t Microsoft teases real-time Skype voice translations, to launch on Windows first
t New Apple Maps images depict potential Loch Ness Monster sighting
b Target Faces an Identity Crisis
m Allergy Armageddon 'Pollen Vortex' Following Polar Vortex Will Not Hit West Coast
b FREDDIE MAC: Fixed Mortgage Rates Increase on Soft Housing Data
e Tony Soprano didn't die says show's creator
t Utah Gas Prices Spike to $3.71 Average
m C-Section May Increase Risk of Subsequent Stillbirth, Ectopic Pregnancy
m Son says NC-based missionary fighting Ebola
e Nick Viall Sends Unexpected Message to Andi Dorfman & Josh Murray
e 'GMA' adds Michael Strahan to mix
e Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Are Getting Married Sooner Than You Think  ...
b The price of oil fell slightly ahead of the latest report on supplies in the US
t NFL Sunday Ticket available to fans without a satellite
b Consumer confidence hits six-year high. Are we past the winter drag?
e Chicago wins bid for George Lucas museum
b Justice Department seeking $10 billion to settle Citigroup mortgage investigation
t Japanese whaling 'not scientific'
e Emma Watson's back to black at Noah premiere
e PHOTO Nick Cannon defends use of whiteface to promote album
e Paul Walker's brothers to complete 'Fast & Furious 7' scenes
b FedEx Denies Illegal Drug Delivery Charges
e Report: Lana Del Rey to Earn Six-Figure Sum Performing at KimYe's Wedding
b GoPro jumps into action-packed IPO (and yes, they filmed it)
t Colorado River, like the Father of Waters, goes unvexed to the sea
b Ford's 1Q Profit Falls 39 Percent
e Celebrated actress Ruby Dee dead at 91
e Man Charged With Felony Stalking Of Selena Gomez
t Facebook Launches Snapchat Competitor Slingshot
e Amazon Prime Music Stream Service Is Go, 1 Million Songs Strong
b USD/JPY: Yen Firm As BoJ Leaves Rates Unchanged
e Dancing with the Stars: Meryl Davis slips to fifth; Charlie White earns a perfect 10
t Google Reportedly Focusing on Enterprise Apps, Better Encryption and Other  ...
e Lea Michele Dishes Up Healthy Food and Beauty Secrets
t The ISS Will Get a Custom Espresso Machine With a Few Space-ifications
b Airline Stock Roundup: JetBlue, Southwest and GOL in Focus
e Wait, What, How Does This Dude Solve This 'Wheel of Fortune' Final Puzzle?
e The Man behind the Mahatma
m Regeneron Pharma (REGN) EYLEA Approved for Diabetic Macular Edema
b What happens to Bulgaria banking system now reveals weak, missing  ...
b UPDATE 1-Argentine economy minister to meet mediator in debt case
e Comic appeared in final episode of 'Seinfeld'
t Amazon is Reportedly in the Hunt to Buy Twitch Too
b 2014 IPO Market: What to Watch and How to Profit Now
b Shell profits almost halve on huge impairment charge
e George Clooney Shames Daily Mail Into Apologizing Over False Story
t Apple (AAPL) Brings Updates, New Tools to iTunes U
e Kim Kardashian: Sort of Back to Blonde!
b SEC Brings First-Ever Whistleblower Retaliation Case
t Ford Mustang 50 Year Limited Edition unveiled
t Ex-Mozilla CEO wins support from unexpected liberal factions
b Christine Lagarde, International Monetary Fund chief, under investigation in  ...
e Kanye West practiced wedding vows in the mirror
e Jay Z, Mayor Garcetti Announce Summer LA Music Festival
t Apple to announce smart home technologies
e GTA V: Lindsay Lohan Sues Grand Theft Auto V Makers Rockstar Over Use of  ...
t HTC One M8 beats Galaxy s5 and in Drop test
t Cisco joins cloud computing race
t T-Mobile Earnings Good Enough to Raise the Price Sprint Will Pay?
b Euro subdued by German data but dollar holds
e Bill Cosby Guests on Jimmy Fallon Show and Gets a Face to Face Impersonation
t Japan ICJC hunt verdict: Great day to be a whale again
b Bayer to buy Merck's consumer care drug business for $14.2 billion
t Leaked document shows Nokia to be rebranded as Microsoft Mobile
b Dixons and Carphone Warehouse Profits Up Ahead of Merger
m Saudi Arabia reports five more deaths from MERS
b Medtronic to buy Irish medical-device manufacturer Covidien
b Postal workers decry mail services in Staples stores
t Microsoft CEO teases 'innovations' in Windows, devices in store for Build 2014
b Profits Gush At Exxon And Conoco, But Stocks Stumble
e Nick Cannon Receives Backlash over 'White Face' Photo
e Wiz Khalifa Arrested – Floyd Mayweather & TI Go At it in a Fatburger (Video)
e Elsa Pataky Reveals Names Of Newborn Twins With Chris Hemsworth
e â€œRecklessâ€ Co-Creator Kim Moses Lets Women Dominate â€“ Behind the  ...
e 6 Celebrities Who Fooled Comic-Con Crowds With Cosplay
e Mark Ruffalo Slams Ben Affleck for Allegedly Ending His Friendship with '13  ...
e Rolf Harris guilty: The woman who brought down one of Australia's most famous  ...
e One Direction Furious Over Leaked Pot Smoking Video: They're Gonna Make  ...
e Report: Kourtney Kardashian Pregnant with Third Baby
e Johnny Depp to testify in murder trial
e 'Veronica Mars' Sequel A Possibility As Film Earns $2 Million, Rob Thomas Pens  ...
e Coldplay Collects Fourth No. 1 Album with Biggest Debut of 2014
e Shia LaBeouf Filmed Trying To Fight With Man Outside Strip Club Before  ...
e Suicide bomber kills 11 in Afghan capital
m New York City tourist, John Tull, known as plague survivor has died
t Hundreds of Dinosaur Tracks in Utah Open to Public
t SC business notebook: Dow nears 17000 for first time
b Morning MoneyBeat Europe: UK Inflation Numbers Top Sparse Bill
e Robin Thicke Tries To Lure Estranged Wife Back With Vintage Instagram Photo
m Michigan meat packer recalls 1.8 million pounds of ground beef for possible E.coli
b Today's Mortgage Rates : Real-Time MBS Pricing For March 11, 2014
t Doctors to get patient data on Google Glass
e Jane Fonda, Lily Tomlin to star in Netflix sitcom `Grace and Frankie'
b Obama taps ex-P&G head to lead VA
b China official services PMI hits 6-month high as orders rebound
m CDC: Illinois man has MERS virus, didn't get sick
e Behind the 2014 Rock Hall Inductees
e Celebrity Photog Terry Richardson Responds To Allegations That He's A  ...
e Security guard trampled at Miami's Ultra Music Festival has severe brain  ...
t Apple's quick links injunction appeal denied
m Newly FDA Approved Advantame is 20000 Sweeter Than Sugar
e Give a listen to Josh Kaufman's 'Voice'-winning voice
t United Nations' IPCC Report Keeps The Alarm Ringing
e Kim Kardashian And Kanye West To Marry In Secret Before Paris Wedding?
b JOSB, MW: Men's Wearhouse to (Finally) Buy Jos. A. Bank for $1.8B
b Cloud data storage startup Box files for IPO
m Key Reports Throughout Wellness & Monetary Field : NASDAQ:GILD, NYSE:DB
b Weekend Bytes: Taco Bell's breakfast taco
b GoPro Files Registration Documents with the SEC in Preparation for IPO
b Mickelson probe: A look at Billy Waters
b NYC girl falls 3 stories down elevator shaft
b No request from Bulgaria for accession to Eurasian Economic Union World July  ...
e 'I'm Beyond Excited': Angela Bassett Will Direct Whitney Houston Biopic
t Blood Moon: Bella Thorne, Katy Perry & More Marvel Over Lunar Eclipse
b Gas prices steady nationwide as Memorial Day weekend arrives, unlikely to  ...
e Bill Murray appears in debut trailer for "St. Vincent"
t Scientists find ancient landscape under Greenland ice sheet
e Whitney Houston And Bobby Brown Biopic Coming To Lifetime, Angela Bassett  ...
m Tackle condition with Dementia Friends
m The bloodsuckers are back in Western Montana
t AT&T says it will be first phone carrier to sell Android-compatible 'G Watch'
e Jessica Simpson & Eric Johnson Tie The Knot
e Jessica Simpson emotional before wedding
e Hey Everyone, Today is the 'International Day of Happiness'
b American Airlines Group Inc. Lowers Upper End of Passenger Growth Forecast
m Being bilingual may slow brain decline
b Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Option Buyers Roll the Dice On a Rebound
m Canadian Patient Tests Negative For Ebola
e Mick Jagger is 'not well'
m Mysterious disease with 90 percent fatality kills 59 people in Guinea
e Kristen Stewart Tried Her Hand At Directing... Here Are The Results
t Alcon joins Google team to develop 'smart lens' contacts
e Miley Cyrus captures fan fight at concert with iPhone
e Were you there at James Brown's Rock Hill concert in 1979?
e Go HBO! Hit shows 'Sopranos,' Boardwalk Empire,' 'True Blood' and more to  ...
e Episode VII Rumor: Are These The Villains Of The Film?
e Rolf Harris' Five Year Nine Month Sentence Referred for Being 'Unduly Lenient'
e Robert De Niro sobs talking about gay father
b IMF chief Christine Lagarde has been placed under formal investigation by  ...
b Netflix plans to raise prices for new customers
m Consumption of sports and energy drinks among adolescents associated with  ...
e Drake looks pretty decent with longer hair and a beard
m Report: Some Sunscreens Contain Less SPF Than They Claim
e Johnny Weir Says Naked Photos May Be Leaked, But He Doesn't Care
e WATCH: Chris Christie Dancing with Jimmy Fallon For Father's Day
t NASA Approves Rocket for Deep-Space Travel
e Movie review: Planes: Fire & Rescue sequel strictly for kids
e Andy Warhol pixel art discovered on old floppies
t Tech Bigwigs Tell FCC: Save Net Neutrality
b ECB's Mersch calls for rework of Asset-Backed Securities regulation
t Lunar eclipse: 'Blood moon'
m People prefer electric shock than sit alone for 15 minutes!
e Kim Kardashian says securing on the front cover of US Vogue is "a dream come  ...
t These are the 5 iOS features Apple claims Samsung stole
t Google asked to remove over 250000 links
e Lindsay Lohan drops miscarriage bomb on series finale of 'Lindsay'
t Lilbits (3-31-2014): Big day for Chromecast updates
t All of these scientists can't be wrong about global warming
e 'Scandal' star Columbus Short arrested
t What Does the Discovery of “Another Earth” Mean for Us?
t Verizon LG G2 KitKat Update Android 4.4.2 is Plagued With Bugs
t Two 'Earth-Like' Planets Don't Exist: Study
m Daily business briefing: Your iPad may be causing allergic reaction
b Missing Malaysia plane: Suicide one motive probed
t Newt Gingrich on Mozilla CEO's Resignation Over Gay Marriage Row: This Is the  ...
e Lindsay Lohan - Lindsay Lohan 'Fine' After Miscarriage Reveal
b McDonald's to offer free McCafe coffee for two weeks
b China-Russia sign USD 400 billion gas deal
t NEW YORK, NY - Who says America has lost its muscle?
e Selena and Justin 'full-on back together'
e Andrew Garfield Plays Basketball Dressed as Spider-Man
b China says 1/5 of its farmland polluted
e Here's What Happens When You Don't Like Beyonce, According To 'SNL'
e Pharrell & Gwen's Amazing Collab!
b Medtronic to buy Covidien
b Alibaba's Ma seen as titan of innovation
e Mila Kunis pregnant: Ashton Kutcher is going to be a dad
t Google IO 2014 Day 1 Recap Video
b NTSB faults pilot 'mismanagment' in Asiana flight - WMBFNews.com, Myrtle  ...
b BIGGEST consolidation in e-commerce market: Flipkart to acquire Myntra stake
t Nike FuelBand is/was small part of Nike big picture
e Kelly Osbourne Gets Large Head Tattoo: Picture
b Malaysia Airlines, Tony Abbott offer to help grieving relatives get to Perth
b Ukraine fighting intensifies
b Holcim, Lafarge Said to Approve Merger With Lafont as CEO
t Galaxy S5 Zoom images appear online show details
e 'Jersey Boys' is catchy, but with a few falsetto moves (film review)
b UniCredit in stunning $21B loss, plans turnaround - KTVN Channel 2 - Reno  ...
e 'The Voice' Season 6: Watch Chris Martin coach the first-ever Battles Round 2
e Jay Z And Beyonce Set To Tour Together?
t Facebook Will Acquire Virtual Reality Company For $2 Billion
e Amal Alamuddin Engagement Ring (PHOTO): George Clooney's Fiancee  ...
t Facebook's Oculus VR Buy is About Much More Than Gaming
b Public Transportation Use Highest Since 1950s
b Exelon agrees to buy Pepco for $6.8 billion
m 'One in 68 kids has autism'
b Dollar up vs. euro after soft German inflation
e Bonnaroo 2014: Pretty people, far-out folks and other sights from festival's  ...
e Rick Ross Drops The Name Of Diddy's Album
t Pygmy Tyrannosaurs once ruled the Arctic reaches of Alaska
t 'This is not net neutrality'
m Baylor Seeks Volunteers in Need of Colonoscopies
t Scientists May Have Found Key to Unlock Big Bang Mystery
t Virtual Reality Not Supplanting Standard Model at E3
e Ohio man raises more than $37000 in internet crowdfunding effort — to make  ...
t Giant 80m Siberian crater at 'world's end' (VIDEO)
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 specs, screen, features, release date, price, news and  ...
m Michelle Obama to Congress: 'This is unacceptable'
m FDA to hit e-cigarettes with ban on sales to anyone under 18
b Jobless rate up slightly in Cass County - 3 Hours Ago
e Lindsay Lohan Says She Had A Miscarriage
t Apple vs Samsung: Court Awards Apple $119.6m Damage Fees in Recent $2  ...
e 10 Months On: Lea Michele Remembers Cory Monteith With Sweet Photo Tribute
e UniCredit posts stunning Q4 loss of $21 billion
b Valeant (VRX) Beats on Q1 Earnings, Short on Revenue
b VMware Q1 On Tap: Mizuho, Piper See Possible Beat on Product Interest  ...
b Hood: Mississippi customers eligible to receive money from SunTrust settlement
e Fargo: Watch Season 1 Episode 1 Online
m First NC case of tropical disease chikungunya confirmed after traveler returns  ...
b Hertz to spin off equipment business to raise $2.5 billion
t Climate change report is a 'wake-up call' says Energy Secretary
t Sony moves into virtual reality
t Sheriff denies permit for Lake Coeur d'Alene hydroplane races
t Watch Dogs takes a great idea and bludgeons it with normality
t Posts with tag macbook air 2014
e 'Bachelorette' Spoilers: Did Nick Viall Betray Andi Dorfman On 'After The Final  ...
b China Begins Land Search For Missing Plane
e Marquis Lewis, Brittny Gastineau Attacker: It Was Mutual Combat!
b Posted by Imaduddin
e If Heaven is real, is it really waiting?
t Sony unveils virtual-reality helmet for PS4 at SF conference
b Symantec Board Terminates Steve Bennett CEO - Quick Facts
b Premarket: World stocks, oil steady but eyes still on Ukraine, China
e James Franco's Utterly Misguided Adaptation of Cormac McCarthy What  ...
e Weekend Box Office: 'X-Men' Crushes 'Godzilla,' Rules Memorial Day
b Barclays fined $44M for handling of gold prices
e Chris Hemsworth's wife reveals twins' names (Hint: Not Thor, Loki)
b Analysis: Wolfson Microelectronics takeover by Cirrus Logic
b Fitch: Technical Failures Most Likely Outcome of ECB Stress Test
t Phil Schiller Testifies As Apple Seeks $2 Billion In Damages From Samsung
b Futures Pointing To Early Weakness On Wall Street
m Hastings Relay for LIfe: Keeping hope alive
e Watch the Sentinels attack and the mutants fight back in awesome new X-Men  ...
e Indianapolis man crowned winner of NBC's "The Voice"
b Target Shareholders Should Oust Directors, ISS Says
m FDA approves first drug from Anacor Pharma, the toenail fungus treatment Kerydin
e Weekend Box Office: Captain America Holds At Number One, Transcendence  ...
e Did Adele Just Announce Her New Album 25 on Twitter?
e Lady Gaga and Tony Bennett duets album coming in September
t Larry Page's vision of future looks a lot like John Maynard Keynes'
e Amazon refuses orders of books of publishers it's trying to pressure
e Jay Z and Beyonce to Perform at Kanye West's Wedding
m Ebola outbreak in Guinea may spread to Liberia
e Charlize Theron Offered Ewan McGregor Film Role Before Asking Director Seth  ...
e Selena Gomez—Is Her New Tattoo A Message To Justin Bieber?
t Google might be thinking about buying the Twitch game-streaming service
e The Eurovision Song Contest: Twenty Things You Need to Know
m SETX physicians reporting influx of allergy-related patients
b Delivered by drone to your doorstep: Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos says courier of the  ...
e Critics slam Gosling's 'Lost River' in Cannes
e Sara Gilbert and Linda Perry Are Married
e Why Emma Stone can do no wrong
e First Full-Length Trailer for 24: Live Another Day Released
m CNN Touts Michelle Obama 'Taking on House' GOPers Who 'Could Make Your  ...
t Tesla 3 Series-fighter to be named Model III
t Microsoft's new CEO may surprise by showing Office for iPad on March 27
e Khloe Kardashian and French Montana Dating After Lamar Odom Divorce? Did  ...
e Parents Heard of Rampage as They Raced to Area
b Can $7.6 billion valuation take Candy Crush to next level?
e Scottish island's water system shut down and Tesco runs out of ICE because too  ...
e Man buys plane ticket to Granada, ends up in Grenada
b Alstom Endorses GE's Offer for Power Division
m Unprecedented ebola epidemic kills 78 in Guinea
e Meyers named one of Time magazine's most influential people
b BAC: Key Takeaways From the Bank of America Q1 Earnings Report
e TV tonight: '24,' 'Blacklist,' 'Castle'
e Miley Cyrus fan detained by police
b Analysts Weigh In On Burger King – Tim Hortons Inc. Deal
e Beastie Boys' $2 million lawsuit against Monster Energy goes to trial
e Taylor Swift cancels Bangkok gig
m Minnesota Medical Marijuana Law Will Cloud Employer Drug-Free Workplace  ...
b Citigroup to pay $7-billion to resolve US mortgage probes
e 'True Blood' Series Finale Recap: The Shocking Death You Never Saw Coming
e Fans react: Should 'Once Upon a Time' let it go?
t Palin: Surrendering Internet Control 'Colossal Error'
t Techwars: AT&T Tries to Move Into Cities Before Google Fiber Does
e Angela Bassett Will Direct Whitney Houston Movie
m Durbin and Harkin among lawmakers pushing for strict rules on e-cigarettes
e 'Batman V Superman': First Official Superman Image Released
t Google celebrate the 40th birthday of the Rubik's Cube with doodle
e JK Rowling brings back 'Harry Potter' in a new short story
b Wall Street edges higher after mixed data; Dollar Tree jumps
t Samsung Galaxy S5's Premium Variant Galaxy F Leaks
t Nintendo reports an annual loss for 2013 fiscal year
m Ebola of Unprecedented 'Epidemic' Sweeps Across West Africa
m Department of Labor investigates another worker's death at Amazon facility
b 17/06/2014Siemens-Mitsubishi invites Paris into battle for Alstom
b EUROPE MARKETS: European Stocks Pare Gains After Weak Inflation Data
b Statement on the 2014 Medicare Trustees' Report
e Stars of Hollywood, fashion converge at Met gala
t Google Inc (GOOG) Working On Tablet With 3D Capabilities
e Star Wars 7: JJ Abrams pens motivational note to cast as shooting begins
b Omnicom, Publicis deal was driven by ego: WPP
b Oil prices fall after Libya's militia agrees to return control of oil terminals | The  ...
t NFL Sunday Ticket streaming could be coming to gaming consoles with no  ...
b Administrator McCarthy, Remarks Announcing Clean Power Plan, As Prepared
e WWE Star Pat Patterson Comes Out as Gay
t Comet lander awakes from hibernation
e Seth Rogen laughs off North Korean threat over new movie
t Mazda is updating car software to fix problems with real, living bugs
b Michaels says breach exposed 3 million customers' credit, debit card data
e Jason Momoa, Aquaman, and the Justice League Movie Lineup
e George R.R. Martin Comments On Controversial 'Game Of Thrones' Scene
b Twitter Shares Explode on Blowout Quarter, Stronger Company Vision
t The AppAdvice Week In Review: 'Swiss Made' 'iWatch' And More
e 'Game Of Thrones' Season 4 Premiere Review: Swords And Vipers
e First Star Wars: Episode VII set video features cool new aliens
e 10 Things We Learnt About Game of Thrones' Kit Harington From His GQ Interview
e Neil Lane Says Juan Pablo Seemed Ready to Propose in St. Lucia
m Grieving dad's heartbreaking request for picture of dying baby daughter  ...
t Apple and Google to end patent lawsuits, work together on patent reform
b FOMC Minutes Today
b Business roundup: Credit Suisse settles FHFA suits; FTC weighs in on privacy  ...
t Tesla's Elon Musk proves why patents are passé: Don Pittis
b Fifty-four of 55 counties see jobless rate drops
e Wednesday on TV: 'Extant' is definitely weird and maybe good
b US open: Stocks rise after Fed keeps interest rates low
t MediaTek and Google to Grow Closer Through Android One?
b Sanctions-hit SMP says Visa, MasterCard stop providing services
b AT&T, DirecTV officials make merger pitch in back-to-back congressional hearings
b Posted by Imaduddin
m Chobani Yogurt Fungus Outbreak Reveals Surprisingly Severe Reactions  ...
m Mass General Ranked Second in the US News & World Report Best Hospitals List
e Brief: Holy Week services
b FXBeat US Wrap: Draghi tips June rate cut
e Video: The Bachelorette's Andi and Josh Share the One Moment They Wish  ...
t First exomoon found orbiting distant star by team of astronomers?
e Justin Bieber Avoids Felony Charge In Alleged Robbery Incident
t GM recalls 446000 pickups, SUVs to stop them from rolling away
b Ladies Home Journal ends 131-year run
b Shares of Dish Network, DirecTV rise on report of merger talk
b How Groundwater is Saving California Farmers During Drought
t US 'not prepared' for climate change
b Hongkong police prepare for Occupy Central protests
b Canada's Trade Deficit Narrows Sharply in May
b Hardware demand slump hits IBM results in first quarter
b Florida man gets Taco Bell TV ad because of famous name
t Graco agrees to recall 1.9 million infant car seats following five-month spat with  ...
t New General Motors, Chrysler recalls spark questions about auto parts safety
b BMW to expand South Carolina factory
b Alcoa's (AA) CEO Klaus Kleinfeld on Q2 2014 Results - Earnings Call Transcript  ...
m POLICY BYTES: Are health insurers discriminating against the sickest patients?
e Noo! Colin Firth Calls Paddington Split "Conscious Uncoupling"
t In Light of New Facts, UN Issues Global Challenge To Combat Climate Change
b The Consequences of Citigroup's Failed Stress Test
e 'Arrow' recap: It's not easy being green
m Missouri firm recalls beef with possible mad cow disease risk
m Wisconsin abortion clinics tell federal judge that hospital admitting privileges  ...
t GMail encrypts to fight spies
b AbbVie raises Shire bid to £30bn
t Google slashes Google Drive storage pricing, offers 1TB for $9.99
t You want change? You got it with the climate
e Angelou's words were musical notes of her life
t Verizon AWS LTE to be branded XLTE
b Unilever says Q1 sales down, blames exchange rates
e Kim Kardashian Tells Khloe about Her Second Pregnancy on Keeping Up with  ...
e Watch Michael Jackson's Hologram and Flaming Lips With Miley Cyrus at BBMA
t Microsoft increases OneDrive storage quota to 15GB; Still MEGA gives 50GB
e Why did TIME put Beyonce in her underwear on its 100 Most Influential People  ...
e Record labels sue Oakland's Pandora Media for playing older songs
t Apple Inc. (AAPL) sold 44 million iPhones in Q2 2014
b Barclays To Cut About 7000 Jobs At Investment Bank
t Some Samsung Galaxy S5 Units Plagued by Camera Failure
e Adele New Album To Be Called '25', 'Someone Like You' Singer Hints On Twitter
t 'Watch Dogs' hit with login issues and more on launch day
e Woman has different take on ALS Ice Bucket Challenge
e BBC's 'Sherlock' to Return for Fourth Season and One-Off Special
b Pipe break puts UCLA under water
e Adam Levine Checks Into The Hospital In 'Maps' Teaser
t Apple: 'iCloud Not Compromised'
b Obama Intervenes In Philadelphia Rail Strike
m Most Common Causes of Food Poisoning
t HP to invest $1 billion in open cloud services
t Oculus Rift Minecraft may have been free, says Notch
t Security flaw takes down Twitter's TweetDeck
b Disappointing China exports halt stocks, hammer commodities
b Russell Stover to be bought for more than $1 billion
t Microsoft (MSFT) Debuts New Nokia X2 Smartphone
e 'Frozen' singer says Travolta flub 'threw me,' but 'we're buddies'
t WhatsApp CEO looks to quiet post-Facebook purchase privacy concerns
b Time Warner Pops on Buyout Offer; Yum! Brand Slumps in Q2 on Stiff Pizza  ...
e Pippa Middleton felt 'publicly bullied' after royal wedding
e navy tuxedo
b Twitter posts earnings of 2 cents per share, tops estimates; Stock surges
b Kansas governor decries EPA carbon emissions rule
m West Nile virus found in mosquitoes in Oklahoma County
m Sierra Leone Fear out Break of Deadly Ebola
e Country Singer McCreery Victim of Home Invasion
m What If Merck Challenges Gilead Sciences In Hepatitis C Market?
e Maleficent: Watch Angelina Jolie In Action
t Google announces same-day delivery service in New York and Los Angeles
t US: Rearview cameras required in new cars by 2018
e Posthumous Michael Jackson Album Xscape Set for May Release
e Marcus Grodd's Confession About Andi Dorfman Should Ruin His Engagement
e JJ Abrams launches initiative that allows fans to be in 'Star Wars: Episode VII'
e Are Meryl Davis and Maksim Chmerkovskiy Dating? No... But They Did Have a  ...
e Review: OutKast's Coachella Reunion Resembled Jordan's '95 Return
e Lifetime Sets Whitney Houston Movie, Angela Bassett to Direct
b New Jersey Herald - Corroding Pulaski Skyway to be closed for 2 years
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's Lavish Wedding Venue Starts To Take Shape  ...
t Watch John Oliver's Brilliant, Concise Primer On Net Neutrality
t Russia-U.S. Joint Space Mission Efforts Will Continue Despite Ukraine Standoff
e Harry Potter returns... as a grown up
t NASA's space vegetable project to soon provide lettuce to astronauts
t Google Glass Banned in UK Cinemas Over Piracy Concerns
e Orphan Black Season 2: Everything We Know So Far
b Southwest Airlines fined $12 million for inadequate crack repair
e AP Music WriterApril 12, 2014 Updated 47 minutes ago
e Jay Z to bring Made in America music festival to Los Angeles
e Three Arab Countries Ban 'Noah' Film
t It's official: Amazon, not Google, has bought Twitch for $970 million - Read the  ...
t Follow me if you can: Sony brings PlayStation 4 to China
m Pistorius 'not mentally ill' during shooting
m Stem Cells Shown to Exhibit Unusual Property
e Nobel prize winning author Marquez dies at 87
t IT leadership placing too much trust in Heartbleed fixes?
t Xbox One to launch in China this September
t Move Over Saturn, Scientists Find Rings Around Miniature Planet
t HTC Butterfly To Get Android 4.4 Update Soon
t TWTR: Twitter Buys Long-Time Data Partner Gnip
t Xbox One external storage support teased in new image
t Told you so! Amazon 3D smartphone incoming, frags Android again
t Heartbleed Attack Results In Stolen Taxpayer Data
m Migraine-Blasting Electric HeadbandIs Coming to The U.S.
t Hundreds Of Methane Plumes Seeping Out Of Seafloor Along East Coast
m Africa Battles To Stop Deadly Spread Of Ebola
e True Blood Season 7 Trailer Released: Get the First Look! (VIDEO)
m Study Says Teen Pregnancy and Abortion Rates are at Historic Low
t Google accused of taking too long to report Heartbleed bug
m Ebola patient flies to UK for treatment
e True Detective season 2 details revealed
e New Trailer Arrives For Season Two Of Orange Is The New Black
b After F-35 jet catches fire, military grounds entire fleet while investigation continues
e L'Wren Scott Found Dead in Apartment
t Apple's 800M accounts spent $3.29 each last quarter, down 24%
t Mars to give earthlings an eyeful
m The rate of Alzheimer's disease is DECLINING in the U.S. as people take better  ...
e Jessica Alba Drops Some Nudity And Relationship Bombshells In June's Glamour
t nDreams Teases Huge E3 Announcement
b Stock futures predict extended decline following Thursday's selloff
b Burger King releases Gay Pride whopper
e Angelina Jolie wants her wedding to beau Pitt to be 'silly'
b The Overnight Report: Bring Out The Mannequins
t HP invests US$1bn into shift to cloud market
b Service firms grow at fastest pace since August
b Fiat Chrysler to drop Dodge minivan, invest in Jeep and Alfa to grow sales by 2018
b Iraq jitters hit European shares
b Survey finds rise in number of 'stay-at-home mothers' in America
t Supreme Court rules for broadcasters in Aereo fight
e Rumors of Three Villains for Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice Surface
t HTC Training Manual Suggests Five Reasons the HTC One M8 is Better Than  ...
t SpaceX-3 Resupply Mission Will Deliver 'Veggie' Growing Facility To The Space  ...
b Australian Stock Market Report – Afternoon 5/22/14
e This is What a Dior Ferry Looks Like (Bonus: Dior Brought Its Own Sailorboys Too)
t Despite slowing sales, Samsung's mobile division posts a positive start to the year
t Google restricts access to BBC blog; says people have a right to be "forgotten"
t Road Rage Driver Cuts Woman Off, Suffers Instant Karma (And We Mean Instant  ...
e New 'Jupiter Ascending' trailer revealed - watch
t Angry at the Aereo decision? Blame...Big Bird
t PREVIEW-Now the hard part: Microsoft CEO touts new Surface tablets
e Nepalese attempt world's largest human flag record
t Google+ Chief Vic Gundotra Departs -- Update
e Barbara Walters to Make Her Final Scheduled Television Appearance on Friday  ...
b New Mexico Sees 'Imminent' Danger From Nuclear-Waste Barrels // 5:07 PM ET
b Spanish Bond Gain Pushes Yield to Eight-Year Low After Draghi
b Yellen pressured to clarify Fed rate signals
b GLOBAL MARKETS-World equities hit 2-week low, techs lead sell-off
t HTC pins hopes on One M8
e 'Mad Men' Premiere Down From Last Year
t Samsung Gear Live vs. LG G Watch: A real-world evaluation
b Virgin America Expands In Austin
t NHTSA probing whether to call Nissan to the carpet over Versa unintended  ...
t Audi to Introduce CarPlay Compatible Cars in 2015
e Alex Trebex sets Guinness World Record; Jason Momoa reportedly cast as  ...
b Ousted chairman Charney reports 42.98 pct stake in American Apparel
b China satellite finds object near search area for missing Malaysia Airlines jet
t RI gas prices unchanged since last week
e Miley Cyrus takes out emergency restraining order against fan
t GM recalls over 450000 more vehicles, some in Canada
m Goat given chance to walk
t Intel buys fitness-tracking band maker Basis
t New recalls and questions about auto parts safety
e 'Batman vs. Superman' Movie: Jason Momoa Confirmed To Play Aquaman In  ...
t Could Apple Make the a la Carte HBO Fantasy Come True?
e Oprah Winfrey takes 'The Life You Want Weekend' show on the road (tour dates  ...
b W.Va. has massive turnout for Medicaid enrollment
b This map shows how violence in Iraq could threaten the oil supply
e 'Life Itself' is the story of Roger Ebert & dad & me
e Harrison Ford Rushed to Hospital after Accident on Star Wars VII Set
m In battle of IPF drugs, BI's nintedanib impresses
t You Can Now Watch Amazon's Fire Phone Announcement Event
e Wiz Khalifa – 28 Grams Mixtape
e 'Sharknado 2' Takes Chainsaw to NYC Gun Control Policy
t Destiny E3 Official "Experience" Trailer Details Everything You Need to Know  ...
b France sees ECB signals on euro level 'encouraging': spokesman
e Bieber investigated for attempted battery
e Khloe Kardashian, Lamar Odom pregnant, divorce because of cheating sadly.
t Can Microsoft's new Mini tablet save the Surface?
t Nest opens its developer program to let apps and services tap into its smart  ...
e HBO Renews Veep and Silicon Valley
m Increased link of heart failure in men linked to processed red meats
b Chart of the Day: Eurozone Inflation Edging Close to Zero
e Have Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Headed to Ireland For Their Honeymoon?
b UPDATE 1-Williams Cos to buy stake in Access Midstream Partners for $3 bln  ...
t GM announces four new recalls covering more than 500000 vehicles
e Star Wars Episode VII Has Started Filming
e Game of Thrones Review: Dying is Thirsty Work
m WHO Doctors: West Africa situation 'one of the most challenging Ebola outbreaks  ...
t March NPD Number Crunch: PS4 maintains hardware lead for third consecutive  ...
b Metal Traders Have The Jitters As Gold – Silver – Copper Diverge
b Norma J. Torres: Covered California needs more diversity, expertise
e Will Indiana Jones Continue Without Harrison Ford?
e Selena Gomez Reunites with Justin Bieber after Firing Her Parents as Managers  ...
m CDC: Vaccinations will prevent 21 million hospitalizations, thousands of deaths
t Climate Change Study Shows Weather Impact in the Four States
b Chain with 5 metro stores reports security breach
b June Sales Up at GM; Down at Ford
e Veep to get a 4th season
t Watch Dogs: What You Need To Know About Before You Buy
b UPDATE 1-Marlboro maker Philip Morris cuts 2014 earnings forecast
e Spelling may not get happy ending
e American Idol: Fall Out Boy's Rock Band Tips Couldn't Save Us from a  ...
b Supreme Court could limit software patents
b In the driving seat: China's yuppies are new market force for global automakers
t An up-close look at NM-bound spacecrafts
e Greek Wedding sequel in the works
m Foreclosures may be driving the rise in suicides, study finds
t Twitter taps former Goldman Sachs banker to be new chief financial officer
e Working 9 to 5: Hundreds of volunteers sift through mountains of debris as  ...
e Super price of US$3 million for first Superman comic book
e Peter Parkour: How Spider-Man Gets Around Without Webs
t Apple, Microsoft CEOs exchange pleasantries on Twitter after Office for iPad debut
e Divergent Is No Twilight But Starts Strong, While Muppets Are Not Wanted
b Pfizer Pledges Legal Guarantees for AstraZeneca
t Samsung is developing an Oculus Rift competitor for phones and tablets
e Marc Anthony Ordered by Judge to Pay Ex-Wife Dayanara Torres $26000 in  ...
t Amazon Fire Phone review: Everything you need to know about Amazon's new  ...
e Macklemore responds to anti-Semitism claims
b US Futures Point to Weekly Gain; All Banks But One Pass Fed Stress Test
e Pharrell uses viral hit song to mark International Day of Happiness
e Set Your DVRs
e George Clooney Engaged: Star Charmed Fiancée Amal Alamuddin With 'Flirty  ...
b Hillshire to expand with Birds Eye, Vlasic
b Ukraine to Begin Importing Gas via Poland – Report
e Return to the 'Field of Dreams' in Today in Pictures
e 'DWTS' 2014 news: Danica and Val are now closer than ever
b Bonds Flat As Yellen Underscores Fed's Commitment, Data Dependence
t New York Weekly Gas Price Update and Outlook
e What is haute couture – and why does it matter?
m Ebola Scare Forces Senegal to Close Borders
e VMAs 2014 Nominations Announced: Beyonce Leads Pack with 8 Nominations
m Obama picks a new face of health care
m More Fruits and Veggies On Your Plate Decrease Risk of Stroke
m Scientists invent kidney dialysis machine for babies and safely treat newborn  ...
b 2,4 million more vehicles join GM's parade of recalls
b US private job gains in June largest in one and half years
t Facebook eyes greater slice of ecommerce market with 'Buy' button trial
m Red Cross removes staff from Ebola ops after Guinea knife threat
t This Wireless Charger Could Power 40 Devices From 15 Feet Away - And One  ...
t Climate Change Facts, News, & Weather: Federal Report Warns of Increased  ...
e Willow pictured in bed with older man
t Apple Replacing Defective iPhone 5 Batteries
e 'The Voice' Live Shows: Kristen Merlin Stuns Despite Microphone Failure
e It Wasn't Me: Mya Denies Having An Affair With Jay Z
e Jennifer Lopez in Versace
b Euro drops as European Central Bank signals interest cut
t Samsung Galaxy S4 Active vs. Nexus 5 Specs and Price Comparison in Australia
t 'Bush tiger' praying mantis discovered in Rwanda
e Mark Ruffalo Claims Ben Affleck Came Between Him and Jennifer Garner
e WWE bids farewell to Ultimate Warrior
t One Trend That Could Please AT&T, Verizon, and Vodafone Investors
b Report: Malaysian Military Tracked Plane After It Turned Around
e Joan Lunden: Former 'Good Morning America' host has breast cancer
e If You Didn't Think The The Hobbit Could Get Any More EPIC, Just Check Out  ...
b Why SolarCity (SCTY) Stock Is Up Today
e 'Game of Thrones' Director Talks Crazy Season 4 Finale and Shocking Death
e Exclusive: Kim Kardashian and Kanye West jet into Ireland for their honeymoon
e 'Fifty Shades of Grey' Movie Trailer Gets 'X-Men' Treatment In Fan Parody 'Fifty  ...
e Powdered alcohol CEO isn't worried about federal regulations getting in his way
e With 'Twin Peaks' box set Lynch promises "entire mystery" and "missing pieces"
t Already locked in: report shows Canada not immune to impact of global warming
b Latest Mortgage Rates: BB&T Fixed, VA and FHA Mortgage Rates for April 17
b LEAD: Annual eurozone inflation drops to more than four-year low By Andrew  ...
e Lady Gaga almost wears 'nothing' to attend her birthday party!
e Mick Jagger 'Considers Retirement After L'Wren Scott Death'
e Paltrow's 'conscious uncoupling' confounds many
e Cara Delevingne and girlfriend Michelle Rodriguez have a snog in the sea on  ...
e Zac Efron attacked
e 'Homeland' actor James Rebhorn dies
e Kim Kardashian wears Givenchy`s Riccardo Tisci wedding gown
e Share This Video
m UPDATE 1-Survival rate with Medtronic's CoreValve tops surgery -study
e Hilary Duff opens up about her marriage and new music
e Speed up to 94 mph singled out in crash that killed 'Fast
b Australians say latest objects need to be checked - WNEM TV 5
e “The Bachelorette” Recap: Andi Dorfman Learns About Eric Hill's Death
t Enter The Konami Code Into Google Voice Search For A new Fun Easter Egg
e Mayor Garcetti Partners With Employers And Public Sector Partners To Hire  ...
t 'Blood Moon' Lunar Eclipse Dazzles North America: Photos
t Facebook admits to manipulating news feeds
t Apple agreed to pay $450 million as compensation for antitrust accord
m Double mastectomy not necessary for most breast cancer patients who choose it  ...
e Brace yourselves — the winter soldier is coming
b Chinese tycoon hosts Central Park luncheon for homeless
t Apple Buys Beats For $3 Billion, Beats Music Drops Price
t Facebook changes default audience to 'Friends'
e Johnny Depp says he wants babies with Amber Heard
t Space embrace: Astronauts hug and post selfie to show unity despite political  ...
t Google to release Android powered 'Google Fit' at Google I/O
b for consumers: Dip in Mortgage Rates Followed by Rise
e Sheryl Sandberg, Beyonce want to ban the word 'bossy'
t No, the Xbox One isn't leading to layoffs
b MARKET SNAPSHOT: Dow, S&P Set New Records In Strong Week For US Stocks
t NJ Lawmakers Move Bill to Allow Tesla Direct Sales
e Video: Miley Cyrus bus destroyed by fire on Bangerz tour No one hurt as  ...
t NASA's "swarmies" robots would team up to explore alien worlds
e Spotify Is Growing Like Gangbusters. Is It Doomed Anyway?
e Brothers disappointed in HGTV ouster over gay stance
e The first footage of 'Fifty Shades of Grey' is less S&M and more romance...for now
e Teen tweets threat to airline
t Facebook to Challenge Twitter's Breaking News Dominance With FB Newswire
e Teen arrested for terror tweet
t Oklahoma gas prices at $3.48, one of ten lowest in country
t Don't Trust China Telecom To Have A Real Image Of The iPhone 6
e Macaulay Culkin And His Band Drenched With Beer, Booed Off The Stage At  ...
m No Other MERS Cases Reported In The U.S., Health Officials Say
e Sci-fireworks from CBS
e Joan Rivers makes Tonight Show return after 25 years
e Outkast reunite and headline Coachella festival
t Moto 360: The future of Android Wear is round
m Study Shows Autism Spectrum Disorder Numbers for Arkansas Children
b VMware announces sunny Q1 revenue bolstered by cloud launches
t Twitter profile redesign gets official, rolling out as of today
e Kim, Kanye Wedding: Kardashian Dropped $2 Million on Kate Middleton-Style  ...
b Bond Investors Still Playing Chicken With the Fed and Rates
e 'Adrian Mole' author Townsend dies at 68
b Sun Pharma stock tanks on USFDA ban
e Get Ready For Take Off As Little Orbit And Disney Interactive Reveal "Disney  ...
e 'Godzilla' TV Spot: It's Not the End of the World...Oh Wait, It Is!
t Project Ara to launch $100k module contest to focus minds of developers
t Scientists propose way to turn light to matter
e Kardashians: Khloe in Montana wedding ban?
m Hope for peanut allergy sufferers
m Expert named to combat MERS
t IMAGES: 'Supermoon' lights up night sky
e Community canceled by NBC after five seasons
b Target gets a new CEO
e Ceylan dedicates Palme d'or to Turkey's young victims, Soma
b McDonald's plans appeal against Moscow outlet closure
b Regulator says McDonald's is a 'joint employer'
e This Morning meet a woman who has spent £18000 to look like Kim Kardashian
m It's time to get your brain in shape
b Berkowitz: Treasury's Rationale for Fannie Bailout Fix Is 'Nonsense'
t Nintendo launching new hardware for 'emerging markets' next year
e 'Bachelorette' Contestant Dies In Tragic Accident
b Bessent: Should the U.S. Postal Service be privatized?
e Tori Spelling breaks silence on Dean McDermott cheating scandal: 'He  ...
m New CDC Study Suggests That 1 in 68 Kids May Have Autism
e Emmy Awards 2014: 'Breaking Bad,' 'Modern Family' win top honours
t 'Heartbleed' Bug Could Affect Health Care Industry, Experts Warn
m Weight loss product recalled after tampered products found
e NFL Ups MIA Lawsuit to $16.6 Million
t Twitter buys leading social data provider Gnip
b Nokia Appoints Rajeev Suri as CEO--Update
e Kristen Stewart and Anne Hathaway get kitted out in drag – WATCH HILARIOUS  ...
t Samsung Gear Live, LG G and Moto 360 Google Android Wear Release Date
t Google Glass Makes Appearance In The Emergency Room
e Macaulay Culkin's band booed off in Nottingham
m Ebola co-discoverer: I'll happily sit next to victim on train (video)
e WATCH: Matt Damon Uses Toilet Water for ALS Ice Bucket Challenge
t High-Definition 'Destiny' Screenshot Gallery & Time-Lapse Video of Environments
t During the Second Half Of 2013, Facebook Received 28147 Government Data  ...
e Brad Paisley takes selfie in front of Westboro protesters
t Bangladesh 4th most polluted in world
e 'Jupiter Ascending' trailer: Hover shoes, bumblebee princesses, and guyliner
b Stocks edge up; CBS, Monsanto lead S&P
e Freddie Prinze Jnr 'Hated' Working With Keifer Sutherland On 24
b TSX At 10am -- Up 27 Points On Mixed Sectors, Industrials The Biggest Gainer
b Reverse mortgages: Reviewing the good and bad
m Breast cancer drug is too expensive for the NHS: Nice
t Nokia takes the brunt of Microsoft layoffs
t Samsung Gear 2 refresh tipped to arrive with SIM card slot
e Erykah Badu Gets Silly On Camera; Singer Tries to Steal A Kiss From Local  ...
b France Gives GE Go Ahead on Alstom
b Malaysia Airline's shares suspended
e Rolf Harris trial: Entertainer denies 'ludicrous' assault claims
t Mario Kart Web Service on the Way
b Toyota spices up its best-selling Camry
t Microsoft Remote Desktop Preview V8.1.2 app for Windows Phone 8.1 available  ...
b Nigeria, others face pressure as US closer to crude oil exports
t Microsoft CEO unveils Skype Translation
e AXS TV Presents the World Television Premiere of Coachella
e Pablo Picasso's 'The Blue Room' from 1901 reveals hidden portrait of mystery man
m Deadly avian influenza virus reaches Antarctica
b European Bonds Stymied as Investors Ponder ECB's Policy Options
e Missing Malaysia Airline Flight MH370 Found? Courtney Love Claims to Have  ...
e Here's What the Supreme Court Wants to Know About Aereo, in the Justices  ...
b Tesco annual profits fall again amid UK sales decline
t Amazon's smartphone doesn't have to beat Apple to succeed, it just needs to be  ...
e 'True Blood' turns up the heat with dream sex scene
m Eat seven a day, not five: scientists call for increased fruit and veg intake
m West Nile Virus: Dead Birds, Mosquitoes in Contra Costa County Test Positive
t The search, ID method for debris from Malaysia jet
e Lionsgate To Reboot 'Mighty Morphin Power Rangers' As Movie Franchise
b China manufacturing improving but growth weak:HSBC
b Kerry, Sushma holds India-US Strategic Dialogue
m URGENT - NY-Sugary-Drinks-Ruling
b Dollar Falls Versus Majors on Factory Drop Amid Yellen Comments
e '24' team is buying more time - 12 hours of it
m San Diego Research Suggests Autism Develops During Pregnancy
e The Hunger Games: President Snow's Second Panem Address: Unity
e Sia Earns First No. 1 Album On Billboard 200 with '1000 Forms of Fear'
b Asian markets up as Fed signals rates to stay low
t Auto Safety Questioned After Toyota, GM Defect Deaths
b California passes law to legalize digital currencies
t Twitter fixes popular TweetDeck program after hack
e 10 things from Kim Kardashian's wedding you secretly want to know but won't  ...
t “Dude, I Want a Note 4.”
b Wall Street in chase for new records
b London firm offers free plane tracking service
e Shaun White Surprises High School Student by Showing Up at Her Prom
e Twitter might take a second stab at a music service
e In Defense of Gwyneth Paltrow&#146;s GOOPy Breakup
e Scott Disick leaves house after fight with pregnant Kourtney Kardashian
t ALA welcomes open internet bill
t Microsoft declares Windows XP dead
t Top 10 Nokia Lumia 520 SIM free deals for June 2014
b Health overhaul signup ends, survives for now
b SIMON WATKINS: Mighty Amazon sinks to new low in publishing row
b Will Hulu Raise Its Price After Netflix And Amazon Prime?
e Lena Dunham apologizes for molestation joke, admits that 'SNL' has given her a  ...
m iPhone operated Bionic Pancreas can control Blood Sugar level of Type 1  ...
m 5 make-sense goals to reduce skin cancer. Thank you, US Surgeon General
m Ryan Lewis backing mother, an HIV survivor
m Feds: La-based home health firm paying $150M to settle fraud allegations  ...
e Erykah Badu interrupts live TV news report on Shia LaBeouf
e Jay Z pummeled by Beyonce's sister Solange in elevator attack 0
m New E-Cig Ruckus: Thin Mint, Tootsie Roll Flavors
e Video: Southwest flight attendant brings comic relief to monotonous safety briefing
m Breakthrough therapy allows four paraplegic men to voluntarily move their legs
m Surgeon General's Report: “We Need To Do Something” About Climbing Skin  ...
t US mayors to vote on climate change resolution
e Karrueche Tran Issues Public Apology After Reading Blue Ivy Joke On 106  ...
e REVIEW: 'Sabotage' Whodunit? Hard to see through all that gore
m CSPI Sues USDA over Antibiotic-Resistant Bacteria Again
t NASA unveils new map of Triton
m Lab rats fear male researchers
t Galaxy Ace Style smartphone of midrange
b Las Vegas cab company makes an Uber threat
b Apple Reportedly in Talks to Buy Renesas SP Drivers (AAPL)
m Pancreatic Cancer Could Be Second Most Deadly Cancer By 2030 by Matt Moreno
b Banks to return 4.0bn euros in crisis loans to ECB next week
b Kennedy construction begins
e Greg Allman Sues to Stop Film Production
e [INTERVIEW] 'Weird Al' Yankovic Talks New Album, Iggy Azalea 'Ambush  ...
t Amazon phone: Forget the 3D gimmicks. It's all about the price
m Jenny McCarthy Autism: Actress Insists She Isn't 'Anti-Vaccine' in Op-Ed  ...
t GM recalls hit 20 million this year raising safety concerns
e Attack on Japanese Pop Group AKB48 Leaves Three Injured
e Kanye West reportedly wants to turn Kim Kardashian into perfect wife
t Apple's CarPlay Draws Criticism From Safety Experts
b Cash or check? Russian oligarch ordered to pay $4.5 billion in 'world's most  ...
t Watch Dogs PR stunt results in the bomb squad being called
b Airline to Offer 3-Room Suites, With Butler
m Unwanted prescription drugs can be discarded at Environmental Fair this Saturday
e For Sale: Gisele's $50 Million LA Chateau
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West under fire for piercing baby North West's ears
e George Clooney Storms Out Of Restaurant After Argument Over President  ...
m Studies Show Autism Linked To The Environment
b Big brokers raise Hong Kong market share
b Dow, S&P 500 end at record highs; Apple, Google drag on Nasdaq
e 'Game of Thrones' Next Book The Winds of Winter Has Chapter Released by  ...
m NYC Department of Education Branding Healthy Kids Overweight When They  ...
e 'Bachelorette' Contestant Eric Hill Has Passes Away After Paragliding Accident
e It's Official: 'Star Wars: Episode VII' Filming in Abu Dhabi
m Noise, lights, fuel request to boot Relay for Life from Chatham
e Transformers: Flash triumphs over extinction story in so many ways
t World of Warcraft: Warlords of Draenor arriving 'no later than Dec. 20'
b GRAINS-Corn firms after USDA confirms planting delays
b Where Your Favorite Fast-Food Chains Began
b Zillow to acquire Trulia for $3.5 billion
t What Is Mark Zuckerberg Telling You With His Big Acquisitions?
b Iraq has oil markets on edge
e Courtney Love's missing plane theory
t Feds urge T-Mobile customers to examine bills for bogus charges
t Google Now coming to Chrome browsers for PC and Mac
e Duke vs. Duke: University takes on movie star's heirs in bourbon battle
t From living on Mars to teleportation, what Americans think life will look like in 2064
e The Importance of Being Yondu: James Gunn Teases 'Guardians 2′ Plans
e DANCING WITH THE STARS: RECAP FOR APRIL 28, 2014
b Market Update (NYSE:BAC): US Fed tells BofA to resubmit capital plans after  ...
t Google Creates Elite Team To Fight Hackers -- And Maybe The NSA
e Not a good idea: Tweeting threats to airlines
e Legendary singer Dolly Parton slammed for lip-syncing
e 'The Equalizer' International Trailer: Denzel Washington Takes on Russian Mob  ...
t AAA Michigan: Gas prices fall 14 cents
e SPOILER ALERT: How 'How I Met Your Mother' ended
e Katy Perry, Robin Thicke - and Jackson hologram? - set for Billboard Music  ...
b US Home Prices Dip in January
b UPDATE 1-Wearable camera maker GoPro's IPO priced at $24/share - underwriter
t Oracle copyright battle against Google renewed
t General Motors recalls more cars over fire safety fears
e 'Lost River' teaser trailer: First look at fantasy thriller from writer/director Ryan  ...
m Somalia worst place to be a mother: charity
e Game of Thrones : Tyrion's fate looks bleak, Tywin forms an unlikely alliance and  ...
b Bank of Japan (BOJ) Governor Kuroda … philosophy student
m Michigan's New e-Library
e 'Dancing With the Stars' finals, plagued with injuries, turns into Meryl and Maks  ...
m Ill. House OKs cannabis for kids with epilepsy
b Fed Reduces Bond Buying, Concerned About Labour Market: What Experts Say
t NSA 'hijacked' criminal botnets to install spyware: Report
e Saw-wielding fan 'attempted to kill'
t Alleged live photos of iPhone 6 make the rounds on the web
b Obama Administration: New Census Measurement Of Insurance Rates Will  ...
b European shares extend rally on M&A, ECB talk
m Experts testify at resumption of Pistorius trial
e 'American Horror Story' Enlists Michael Chiklis for 'Freak Show'
b France seeks alliance, not "absorption" of Alstom-Montebourg
m Foodborne Disease Scan for Jun 12, 2014
b Asian shares on the defensive
t Microsoft Has No Plans To Sell Xbox
e Former Boston Anchor to Replace Diane Sawyer at ABC
t UK Retailer Selling Xbox One For £299
e St. Vincent Tapped as Musical Guest For 'Saturday Night Live' Season Finale
b LyondellBasell done buying disputed Iraqi crude
m Inadequacies of mental health system
t $2B Oculus deal: Is Facebook visionary, or crazy?
t Honda, Mazda, Nissan issue recalls over airbags
t Facebook Stock Drops 7% In Wake Of Oculus Acquisition
m Dauphin County reports 1st West Nile-infected mosquito
t Toyota reveal the hydrogen future
e 'Seinfeld' guest actor and comedian John Pinette dies at 50
e Rihanna Attends Glitzy Fashion Awards; RSVPs &quot;Yes Pls&quot; for Her  ...
t Authorities detain 80 in international cyber crime operation
b Wounded Kharkiv mayor flown to Israel for treatment
e Demi Lovato Twitter Rant 2014: 'Let It Go' Singer Flips Off Paparazzi After Drug  ...
e Here's the Main Reason We're Excited Kristen Bell and Dax Shepard Are Having  ...
b Unemployment Down From 2013 Numbers
e SXSW 2014 VIDEO: Zac Efron, Dave Franco, Christopher Mintz-Plasse on  ...
b US wins over China at WTO on luxury cars
e Bob Geldof and Tom Cohen pay tribute after Peaches Geldof dies Peaches  ...
e Prince releases surprise new single, 'The Breakdown'
e Kanye West And Kim Kardashian Are Getting Pre-Divorced This Week
e 'Duck Dynasty' star Phil Robertson Keeps To His Script On Gays VIDEO
t Sprint's Hesse: We're testing plans that could drive more equipment installment  ...
e Assertive girls unite: Facebook's Sheryl Sandberg's new campaign to ban “bossy”
t What to Expect from Google's Android TV
b People hurry to file with tax day nearing
e Hangout Fest 2014 in full gear
e Rolling Stone Ronnie Wood today expressed his...
b Stocks plunge, wiping out July gains; Market logs first loss since January
e Gwyneth's 'divorce party plans'
t Bioshock Infinite logo used by Fox News and hilarity ensues
e Miley Cyrus hit back at claims she had taken a drug overdose
b Bank of America takes a hit
t NASA Seeks Proposals For Science Instruments For Future Mission To Europa
e Video: Sherri Shepherd and Jenny McCarthy Address 'The View' Exits on the Show
b Tokyo stocks open up 0.50%
b How Much Risk Does BP Face From Russian Sanctions?
e Kanye and Kim Kardashian's wedding was "too low-rent" for Jay Z and Beyoncé
e Studios Slam Megaupload With Mega-Copyright Infringement …
m Johnson & Johnson Pulls Hysterectomy Device For Fear That It Might Spread  ...
e Ciara Gives Birth To Her and Future's First Son
t EBay users still at risk following cyber attack
b Loonie heads lower as conflict in Iraq intensifies, putting oil supplies at risk
b European parliament, EU states reach deal on banking union: MEPs
e Mick Jagger Says He Is "Struggling to Understand" Girlfriend L'Wren Scott's Death
m One in three Alzheimer's cases 'preventable'
e Nicki Minaj Explains VMAs Wardrobe Malfunction: No Nip Slip, No Problem
e Travel Channel star's "thinspiration" post leads to heated debate
b We are in Recession.
b Inflation rises to 2.0 per cent in April
e Kim Kardashian Goes Pool Swimming With Dolphins
t Phone Kill Switch: Makers, Carriers Agree to Safety Measure in 2015
b Rupert Murdoch has handed his sons Lachlan and James key new roles within  ...
m Teens spending less time smoking, drinking, more time texting: study
e Truck driver in Tracy Morgan crash pleads not guilty
t Gas Prices Rise 2.3 Cents in PA
b US stocks move higher despite mixed earnings
m Sweets-makers fight e-cigs
t Symposium: A win, though a narrow one (thanks to Breyer, J.), for copyright owners
t Marc Marquez coasts to MotoGP victory
b 'Very lucky' bridge trespassers dive under a freight train at the last moment  ...
e Photo gallery: Entertainment August 27
e Robin Thicke Croons A Duet Of Get Her Back On The Voice Finale! Can  ...
t How to easily watch any movie from your computer for free
m Ebola Death Prompts Air Travel Fears
e Ice buckets and food tours
m Fixing bad heart valve without surgery pushed
e Edgar Wright Will No Longer Direct Marvel's Ant-Man
b There's a crisis in the air… and in the soil
b Does Carl Icahn Need to Change Outside Lawyers?
b US stocks gain but market is wary of Ukraine
b CBS Outdoor Looks to Purchase Small Rivals Post-IPO
e The Walking Dead Promotes Three Actors to Series Regulars
b Market Still Grappling with Intricacy of ECB's Plan
e Lindsay Lohan Slams Kode Magazine: Interview Is Fake
t Business update: Automakers to recall air bags in humid parts of US
e Payday loan yes mailing address
m McCartney: Stop Big Tobacco from promoting e-cigarettes
b US supreme court backs EPA plan to cut carbon emissions from power plants
t Those in need of help can use Text-to-911 although service is only available in a  ...
t Samsung replaces its mobile design chief (updated)
e Jennifer Lawrence wears bridesmaids dress for wedding duties
t Google Fiber reaches enviable 75% penetration in parts of Kansas
b Activist investor calls Red Lobster valuation 'grossly misleading'
e 'Fifty Shades of Grey' Trailer -- Hardcore BDSM Crowd Left Limp
t Apple Drops Prices: iMac In UK, Apple TV And Mac Mini In Europe
t Facebook 'manipulated' 700k users' News Feeds during 'psychology experiment  ...
m Antidepressants Increase Risk Of Suicide In Kids And Young Adults
t Fruit flies manoeuvre like fighter jets to escape threats
b Houston channel back to normal 5 days after oil spill
e Lorde Performs with Nirvana at Rock & Roll Hall of Fame Induction Ceremony!
t Google beefs up steaming music with Songza buy
t Respawn jumps all over the early server issues with Titanfall
e The Best Thing to Happen to Music in the Last 24 Hours: Will Ferrell vs. Chad  ...
t Ukraine Crisis Drives Up US Gasoline Prices
e An X-Men: Days of Future Past Review – The Sequel, Prequel, Reboot, and  ...
e Idris Elba shares touching photo of newborn son Winston
b Fiat Chrysler officials unveil business plan
t Minecraft for Oculus canceled due to Facebook acquisition
t Nintendo profits dip hugely, plans recovery with new console for emerging markets
m Santa Clarita Relay For Life Kickoff Event Draws Valencia Mall Visitors
e Venice Film Festival Shows Solidarity With Jailed Directors
t Honda, Mazda, Nissan Recall 3M More Cars Over Air Bag Flaw
b After Six Decades As A Staple, 'Jet Mag' Ends Its Print Run
b Aquino, Vietnam premier likely to touch on China in WEF talks—Palace
b Google Launches Same-Day Delivery Service in Manhattan
e “Game Of Thrones” Author George RR Martin Is Planning To End Series With  ...
t Google Forays into Smartwatch Business; Motorola, LG Confirm to Launch  ...
e Yet Another Coppola Makes Her Film Debut With Palo Alto - and It's Impressive
e Stocks Down Again in Up-and-Down Day
t China bans government purchases of Windows 8, surprising Microsoft
t LG G Watch set to arrive Q2 of 2014: Is this the start of the war of smartwatches?
b It's Business Time: Airbnb Targets Work Travelers With Concur Partnership
e Dina Lohan Pleads Guilty To DUI And Speeding
e Beyoncé and Jay Z Release Top Secret Wedding Footage Six Years After “I Do”
b Candy Crush maker sees IPO valuation up to $7.6 bn
m Gay and bisexual men drive rising US syphilis rate: CDC
t NASA launches new satellite to map CO2 emissions
e Exercise caution with fireworks
b China media: Ukraine crisis
t Fireworks Drone Footage Is An Amazing New View Of Multi-Coloured  ...
t Pastor John Hagee Sees Bible's End Times Prophecies in Four Blood Moon  ...
b Fyffes and Chiquita to create largest banana firm
t Chromecast UK launch tipped for Wednesday March 19
e Artist creates replica of Van Gogh's ear using living cells from relative
b US gov't workers owed $3.3 billion in delinquent taxes in 2013: IRS
e Nephew faces charges in 'Hip Hop Atlanta' shooting
t Pre-Market: Alibaba's IPO Is Good News for Yahoo; US Productivity Falls
b Actos Verdict: Takeda, Eli Lilly Must Pay $9 Billion for Hiding Bladder Cancer Risks
b King Falls 15% On Its IPO Day, Erasing $1.1B In Market Cap
e Atelier Versace autumn/winter 2014
m Top-paid Medicare doctors defend rankings
e Wiz Khalifa takes JAIL SELFIE after being arrested for marijuana possession
t Details leak for one of Google's biggest I/O announcements
t Netflix Does a Bad Deal With Verizon
e 'The Normal Heart': TV Review
b Forex - Dollar lower against yen after BoJ holds
m Zohydro's second act
t The Daily Show Perfectly Captures What We All Think About Google Glass
e Scott Asheton, founding member of Iggy Pop's Iggy and the Stooges, dies
m Chemo, radiation for ex-Bills QB Kelly next week
e Zac Efron got punched in a sketchy part of L.A.
e Wanted Man Posts Ice Bucket Challenge On Facebook, Gets Arrested
t Feds close battery fire probe after Tesla agrees to install shields to ward of  ...
t Facebook's Slingshot: A quid-pro-quo version of Snapchat
b Barclays Fined £26m for Gold Fixing Failures and Trader Daniel James Plunkett  ...
e Episode Review: Game of Thrones, Season 4 – The Lion and the Rose
b Obama: Russia May Have 'Additional Plans' Amassing Troops Along Ukrainian  ...
t Sling introduces its cheapest Slingbox ever at $149 and rebrands the Sling 500  ...
e Kim Kardashian Is Blonde Once Again – Check Out Her New Hairdo!
b Oil Futures Choppy as Markets Consider Soft Demand, Politics
m Leading Edge Medicals Vina to Broadcast Stem Cell Truth on TV
t Google Maps app upgrade integrates taxi app Uber
t GM safety crisis grows as total recalls mount
t Climate change warming Kentucky, Indiana, report says
e Will Smith to play doctor in 'Game Brain'
t Orbital cargo ship reaches International Space Station
e Cory Monteith's Mom Speaks Publicly For The First Time About Her Son's Death
e Emma Stone Takes on Jimmy Fallon in Lip Sync Battle (Video)
e 'Mad Men' end in sight for creator
b Fed's Fisher expects rate hike early 2015
t Satya Nadella's big test: Next-gen Surface tablets
t Wireless phone charging taps into the car market (VIDEO)
t Sprint to Pay Record $7.5 Million for Violating Do-Not-Call Rules
e ABC Heralds Diverse Lineup Of Shows At TCA
t Suzuki recalls GM-made small cars for fire issue
e 'Batman' prequel 'Gotham' leads new season lineup
t Fixing climate change 'not a free lunch'
e Party time: 'Neighbors' director put a lot of thought into debaucherous scenes
m Bilingual? Then your brain is probably healthier than normal
m School needs to reinstate girl who shaved head
e Magic School Bus Getting a Reboot From Netflix
b Euro to US Dollar (EUR/USD) Exchange Rate Tumbles as Ukraine Worries  ...
t GM CEO to Testify in Washington, DC
e Lady Gaga Reveals AMAZING New Song 'Anything Goes' From Her Jazz Album  ...
e Lupita Nyong'o Is People's Most Beautiful Woman!
b Sales of US existing homes up 4.9 percent in May
m Old vials of smallpox found in storage room
e Noah – The Emperor's New Movie
m Google's next frontier: What it means to be healthy
e Yahoo brings 'Community' back to life with 6th season
b Wells Fargo Comments on Darden's (DRI) Sale of Red Lobster
t Brazil gunmen raid Samsung factory, steal electronics worth US$36m
m Amoebas Eat Contact Wearer's Eyeballs
e Rolf Harris trial not a talent contest, jury told
e Sigourney Weaver, original Alien cast voicing Alien: Isolation DLC
e New Kids on the Block on a cruise ship is now a reality show
e ​This Shot-for-Shot Frozen-'Thriller' Mashup Is Damn Near Perfect
b Caterpillar's CEO compensation cut 32% to $12M
t Facebook 'never meant to upset users'
t Curiosity Celebrates First (Martian) Anniversary With a Selfie
e 'Transformers: Age Of Extinction' On Track For Huge Opening In US And China
t Microsoft Snooped On Hotmail Account To Track Leak
e Zac Efron & Seth Rogen's 'Neighbors' Charges To No1 At US Box Office
t Ringwoodite points to water deep within the earth
m Consumer Reports: Best Buy Sunscreens
b With Detroit pension deals taking shape, attention shifts to Michigan lawmakers  ...
b Rogue tanker back off Tripoli, crew held
t Apple may release bigger iPad; Christine Lagarde under investigation  ...
e VMAs: The Collective Gasps Documented Here [Video]
m Heavy Metal Headbanging Causes Blood Clots in Brain
e I Wanna Marry Harry Series Premiere Recap Podcast
t Several Automakers Recall Vehicles for Airbag Issues - Northern Michigan's  ...
e Rapper Christ Bearer Alias Andre Johnson of Northstar Butchers His Own  ...
e Will Ferrell And Red Hot Chili Peppers Lookalike Chad Smith Go Head-To-Head  ...
t Bomb Threat Grounds Sony Online President's Flight, FBI Investigating
t Brand New SpaceX Spaceship That Lands Itself!
b USD/JPY: BoJ Maintained Its Policy And Slashes Its Economic Forecast
e Stations of the Cross at Archbishop Hannan High School near Covington 2014  ...
b Smith & Wesson Holding Corp (SWHC) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results  ...
t Google testing major Gmail redesign
b When will the tech IPO bubble burst?
m FDA Approves Robotic Prosthetic Arm Controlled by the Human Mind
m Surgeon General Boris Lushniak calls skin cancer 'major public health problem'
m Want to Know why Cannabis Makes You Paranoid? Largest-Ever Study of THC  ...
e Fans come out in droves as the cast of iconic Kevin Costner baseball film Field  ...
m Ebola Outbreak Reaches Guinea Capital
b One Third of Uninsured Won't Sign Up for Obamacare
b SAC Capital portfolio manager sentenced to 3 years - Quincy Herald-Whig  ...
b Watsco Earnings Outperform, Shares Up - Analyst Blog
e 8 things you need to know about Avril Lavigne's totally bonkers new music video
t April Blood Moon Kicks off Lunar Eclipse Quartet: When to See it In Detroit Metro
b Class action suits should be allowed against predatory lenders
t Microsoft expected to announce job cuts this week: report
e Sylva Methodist announces Easter week church services
e 10 Things Parents Should Know About How to Train Your Dragon 2
b NYMEX crude oil prices down in Asia as API drop less than expected
e Kanye West And Kim Kardashian Reportedly Have Their First Marital Dispute
t New Technology Could Soon Eliminate the Need For Battery Chargers, Power  ...
e Movie review: Rio 2 features rare birds in generic plot (with video)
m Elkhart County's health ranking dropped in 2014
t Steve Keen: "Loans create deposits!" aka No One Understands Banking
b Acreage Report Could Be a Shocker
e The Evolution Of The SXSW Music Festival
t Sony unveils Project Morpheus virtual reality headset for PS4
t Extinct human cousin gave Tibetans advantage at high elevation
b POM brings juicy case to high court
e David Muir is replacing Diane Sawyer at 'World News'
b Dollar Tree to buy Family Dollar in $9.2bn deal
b Holcim, Lafarge OK top cement firm merger
e Did Beyonce just hint that Jay Z's cheating on her?
t Facebook crashes: what did you do for half an hour?
e Weird Al Yankovic Review: Mandatory Fun
b Q1 profit beats expectations
b WWE: 7 Quickest Money In The Bank Cash-Ins Ever
b American Apparel, top shareholders find comon ground
b US factory activity expands in July, pace slows: Markit
t Ryan Block posts maddening 8-minute audio clip of his attempt to cancel  ...
b BoJ holds fire on new easing measures, says economy improving
t Hackers Attacked Sony's PlayStation To Show Lax Security
e Kim Kardashian Flaunts Crazy Cleavage, Lots of Leg in a Thigh-High Slit Dress
e Shia LaBeouf treated for alcoholism
e The Walking Dead: "A"
t Google CEO Larry Page: Tech protestors should blame government for  ...
b Despite uptick in inflation, Fed likely to remain in wait-and-see mode at this  ...
e Star Wars: Episode VII Casting Is Not Done Yet
e Barbara Walters bids farewell on 'The View'
t Google, Yahoo report government data demands
e The Lowdown: A royal beef with Queen B's hubs?
t AT&T threatens to skip US spectrum auction
t Further up the Amazon: smartphones next on online giant's agenda
e Have a laugh on us with FREE tickets to see Bad Neighbours
e Anna Wintour defends Kim Kardashian & Kanye West 'Vogue' cover
e Perth starts purging itself of Rolf Harris
e Life changed for me after my fling with Superman, says Kaley Cuoco
e It's Official: Lisa Kudrow's 'The Comeback' is returning to HBO
b 'Candy Crush' will try again in China with arrival on messaging app WeChat
t River Dolphin on the Decline Due to Dams
b Possible Indication Barrett Has Been Pulled from MITB, Latest Kurt Angle  ...
t US startup launches 'first wearable health record' for Google Glass
e Today in the News: Pregnant Pakistani woman stoned to death
t Out of this world: Mankind looks to the heavens and finds a wonder
e 'Sharknado 2' whipped up storm of viewers, tweets
e Should you trust Jaime Lannister of Game of Thrones?
t Huh? Dwarf Planet Dubbed 'Biden' Points To Possible Super-Earth Beyond Pluto
e Winter, dead at 70, starred recently in Lawrence
t Google Acquires Quest Visual, Makers of Word Lens
e Oscar-nommed Bradley Cooper teased as new Indiana Jones
m Eating More Fruits And Vegetables May Lower Stroke Risk By A Third
t Bee losses could cost economy billions
e 'Big Bang Theory' to remain on air at least until 2017
e Seventeen cover girl Bella Thorne reveals she made boyfriend Tristan Klier work  ...
t Apple reportedly testing improvements to App Store search tool
e Chris Christie's Got Some Serious Dad Dance Moves [VIDEO]
b Study says Indiana residents paying a growing percentage of income on state  ...
b Average US 30-year Mortgage Rate Falls To 427 Percent
b Aussie PM: We're 'Very Confident' Pings are From Jet
e 5 essential observations from Secrets, the new Game of Thrones series 4 trailer
e Marc Anthony - Marc Anthony must pay more child support
e Ariana Grande Announces Album Title And Teases New Music Video
m Regular eye tests 'could detect early-stage Alzheimer's'
e Chris Martin Lends His Expertise on The Voice
e Sofia Vergara Dating 'True Blood' Hunk Joe Manganiello
e Johnny Weir files for divorce
e 9 Things Parents Should Know About Muppets Most Wanted
m Portland ranked 3rd fittest city in U.S.
b Citi inks $7 billion mortgage settlement
m Marijuana town hall seeks caregiver feedback
b Plane makes emergency landing on Arlington interstate
e Sir Paul McCartney has been hospitalised in Tokyo
b Exports to drive growth: IMF
t Oracle wins appeal in copyright battle with Google
t Breaking down the reported 'Beats' Apple deal
t Titanfall review in progress
e Lea Michele Dating Again: New Guy Matthew Paetz Has Questionable Past
t Sony Reveals Virtual Reality Headset 'Project Morpheus'
b President Obama Vows Zero Tolerance on Gender Wage Gap
m Electrical device helps paralysed men move
e NEW YORK, NY - Hugh Jackman has had another cancerous growth removed.
t Flickr wants to become your new Instagram with its latest app update
t Telstra first partner in Cisco's $US1bn bid to make cloud more corporate-friendly
b Dollar: What Can Yellen Do For (To) the Dollar?
b Study: Google Rated Top Company By Employees For Compensation & Benefits
t Google Glass Engineer Hired By Oculus VR
e 'The Voice' Season 6 Top 8 Results: See Who Went Home! Plus Who Received  ...
b Asian Shares Struggle to Record Gains, Dollar Steadies
e Human Barbie's no make-up selfie
b Crude oil prices down; US stockpiles report awaited
m Running: Any Amount Is Good And More May Not Be Better
t Google buys solar-powered drones maker Titan Aerospace
t Microsoft ending Windows XP support on Tuesday
t NASA asks for Proposals of Scientific Instruments for Europa Missions
e Wu-Tang Clan Will Sell Just One Copy of its Secret Album
t Don't Forget to Check Out the "Blood Moon" Tonight
t Google+ is Completely Missing From Google I/O 2014 (Updated: So Far?)
b Carphone Warehouse earnings jump ahead of Dixons merger
m Samsung chairman recovers after heart attack
b Candy Crush makers set to float on US stock market
e Miley Cyrus hospitalized for allergic reaction, cancels Kansas City show
t Oculus Rift Maker Sued By ZeniMax For Allegedly Infringing Trademarked  ...
e Mila Kunis and Ashton Kutcher are 'an amazing couple' says Laura Prepon
t Market Update (NASDAQ:AAPL): GT Advanced Technologies: Why Apple's  ...
t Google unveils Project Ara build-it-yourself smartphone; expected to be  ...
m Elderly, people with chronic diseases urged to postpone Haj
e Oprah Winfrey - Oprah Creates A New Tea
b Barnes & Noble turns the page on Nook tablets
m Car crash risk tends to go up during pregnancy
b Beloit's unemployment rate drops to 9.2 percent in April
e Bunny Yeager: Famed Bettie Page Photographer Dies
b Malaysian government releases MH370 data online for public investigation
t New Earth-like planet could harbour life
b MARKET COMMENT: US Stocks Set To Extend Gains
e Movie Review: Transcendence
b Stock futures flat after mixed data overseas
t UPDATE: Supreme Court declines to hear Google's request in Street View lawsuit
e 'Homeland' Alum James Rebhorn Dead At 65
m Scientists Just Discovered a Remarkable Way to Sniff Out Cancer
e Amazon Prime Music Service Launches
t AT&T negotiates for 1-Gbps FTTH in North Carolina
b Kate Galbraith: Fear of Russia, fear of fracking
e Cheerleader Big Game Killer Fires Back—She's Conservationist Not Murderer
m Pistorius did not suffer from mental defect
e Robin Thicke makes public plea to estranged wife Paula Patton at Billboard  ...
e True Blood Season 7 Episode 4 Preview: Death Is Not The End
b Oil slips below $104 as supplies set to increase
b INTC: Intel Earnings Will Be Boring, but Good
b Amazon Lets Users Add Items to Cart from Twitter Feed
e Baby boy for 'Mandela' star Elba
b US urges both Vietnam, China to use restraint in their standoff over oil rig in  ...
e Miley Cyrus: Next New Madonna?
e Gabriel Garcia Marquez, Nobel laureate, dies at 87 (+Video)
t MLB's At Bat for Windows Phone now ready for the 2014 season
t Another Moto E render leaks, this time showing the handset in white
e Kanye West and Kim Kardashian spent 4 days editing wedding photo
t Is Facebook's $2B investment intelligent?
m 3200-year-old skeleton shows trace of cancer
b Ohio to unveil latest monthly report on jobs data
e Henry Cavill Looks Very, Very Buff In Our First Look At Him In 'Batman v  ...
m South Wales dad has 3D facial reconstruction surgery at Swansea's Morriston  ...
e Dina Lohan Escapes DWI Sentencing Without Jail Time — 'It's Over And I'm Glad  ...
e VIDEO: Watch Oprah Winfrey's original audition tape for her daytime talk show
e Upfronts 2014: 'American Idol' gets little love at Fox presentation
e Jennifer Connelly: I love working with Russell Crowe
t Honda, Mazda, Nissan issue recalls over airbags made by Takata
t Alibaba IPO: What It Means for Marketers
t How to Watch the Spectacular New 'Camelopardalids' Meteor Shower Tonight
e Colbert Brings 'Sponsortunities' to CBS for Brands That Can Handle It
e Gary Oldman Apologizes for Mel Gibson and Alec Baldwin Remarks: 'I'm an A  ...
e Ex-TV Judge Joe Brown arrested in Shelby County
m U-20 Team Doctor Assures Players Ebola Safety
m Google to feed machines with evidence of human physical weaknesses – and  ...
b NML Slams Argentina's 'Brazen Step' to Pay Bondholders
b Hotel chain La Quinta makes subdued debut in crowded IPO market
t New Horizons spacecraft wakes up, Pluto flyby planned
t GM recalls 4×4 2014-2015 Chevrolet Silverado and GMC Sierra pickups due to  ...
t Tesla Model III Announced to Go Up Against BMW 3 Series
b Dow finishes above 17000 on strong payrolls report
t Harley Davidson (HOG) to unveil its first electric motorcycle
b EPA proposes to block Alaska mine over salmon risk
b Vermont passes nation's first bill requiring GMO labeling
e Once Upon A Time Finds Its Frozen Queen! Meet The Live Action Elsa HERE!
e Blast to the past
t Microsoft Says It Disrupts Cybercrime Rings with Mideast Roots
b The end of Chinese central planning
e National September 11 Memorial Museum officially opened
t IPCC Report: A Changing Climate Creates Pervasive Risks but Opportunities  ...
e Daniel Radcliffe Shaves A Stranger's Hair On The Street
m Review questions the effects of dietary fats on heart disease
b Region sees rapid rise in air travel: PM
e Critics see Palme d'Or for Dardennes, but do they deserve it?
e Angela Basset to Direct New Lifetime Whitney Houston-Bobby Brown Movie
e Davis: Divergent follows the big money
e Jem and the Holograms Cast Revealed -- See First Photo!
e Eli Wallach, Magnificent Eighth, dies
b SunTrust agrees to $320 million settlement
b EU finmins to discuss euro trade role after BNP case
t How the Internet reacted to the Facebook outage
b FAA proposes to fine Southwest Airlines $12M - KTVN Channel 2 - Reno Tahoe  ...
e Video: Justin Bieber Accused Of Slapping Female Fan At Dave & Buster's In LA
t iPad Pro: 12–inch Apple iPad set for 2015 release
m Beef sent to Whole Foods distribution center recalled for possible mad cow risk
e Beyonce Bands With Young Girls to #BanBossy; "I'm Not Bossy, I'm The Boss"
b Drought leads to more salmon trucking
m Blood test offers a chance to predict Alzheimer's
e Mobile radio personalities remember Casey Kasem
b Wal-Mart Sales Growth Weakest in 5 Years, Outlook Cautious
b Facebook CFO steps down amid 72% revenue jump
t Reid Chief of Staff Was a Comcast VP
b India plant factory orders hit 3-month peak
e 'Weird Al' Yankovic's 'Mandatory Fun' album review
t Paris restricts driving as pollution hits danger level
b Canadian dollar falls amid lower than expected GDP data
e He must be over the moon! Leonardo DiCaprio raises $1.5million by auctioning  ...
m FDA committee meets to consider Exact Sciences cancer test
t Samsung Gear Solo Will Be A Tizen Powered Stand Alone Smartwatch
e Amazon's exclusive HBO deal brings Sopranos, The Wire and other big shows to  ...
t Panos Panay and the Surface team just finished their Reddit AMA, here are the  ...
m Silently among us: Scientists worry about milder cases of MERS
b Stocks Turning In Lackluster Performance In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary
e Fargo's Martin Freeman Has Been Waiting to Play a Killer
e What Will Happen To Harrison Ford's Role As Han Solo In “Star Wars 7” Now  ...
e Jimmy Fallon + Julia Roberts Play Face Balls: 'The Comedy Version of Fifty  ...
m Study: Electrical implant helps paralyzed men move their legs but doctors warn it  ...
e Man becomes online sensation after lip-syncing to Céline Dion's All By Myself in  ...
e Approval for powdered alcohol issued in error, rescinded
m Efficacy of e-cigarettes in focus: UK study says vaping helps
e Weird Al Kicks Off Eight Music Videos In Eight Days With 'Happy' Parody 'Tacky'
e Bringing James Brown's Politics to Screen
b King Signals Growing Caution in Big Name IPOs
b Candy Crush-maker King Digital sees up to $7.6 billion IPO valuation
b A5 nation briefs
t Google Glass Available to All for a Day, as Google Strives for Mainstream Appeal
t NASA 'Flying Saucer' Could Deliver Super-Heavy Mars Rovers (VIDEO)
e VH1 Celebrity Matchmaker: Which Smoking Hot Stud Should Miley Roll With?
e 'Big Brother 16' live feed spoilers: Joey gets into character and more
e 'The Voice' Spoilers: New artist announced for season 6, battles premiere
b Libyan rogue tanker Morning Glory spotted moored in Tripoli
b Think you're crammed into planes now? Check out Airbus' latest legroom-'saving  ...
e LiLo breaks down in Oprah Winfrey's documentary clip
b US STOCKS-Wall St edges higher during earnings flurry
e 10th Annual Wireless Festival Opens in London
e Richard Gere Reportedly Dating Padma Lakshmi
b China: No More Oil Rig Harassment
t Sixth-Grader Tells Government How To Save $400m On Ink
e Justin Bieber Wooed Selena Gomez With A $10000 Flower Delivery — And It  ...
e MOVIE REVIEW: 'Rio 2' piles it on and spoils the fun
e Gwyneth Paltrow & Chris Martin Divorce 2014: Insider Says 'They've Been  ...
e 'Conscious uncoupling' and the courage to let go
t Apple opens battery replacement program for the iPhone 5
t Crisis in Iraq leads to spike in gas prices, expert says
b Enrollment Deadline For Affordable Care Act Is Monday
m Dementia Awareness Campaign: Chris Martin, Alesha Dixon And Lily Allen  ...
e Demi Lovato ends friendship with Selena Gomez after unfollowing her on  ...
e Khloe Kardashian Rings In 30 With Sparks With French Montana! See The Hot  ...
e Jimmy Fallon & Billy Joel Recreate 'The Lion Sleeps Tonight' On The Tonight  ...
t Using Windows Phone 8.1 Wi-Fi Sense
t Nintendo Reveals NFC Plans for Wii U and 3DS
e Jonah Hill apologizes for gay slur to paparazzo
t Smartphones will be equipped with 'kill switch' starting in 2015
b ECB should raise inflation target: Paul Krugman
t Microsoft Office for Android and iPhone Now Free
b Top-selling author James Patterson accuses Amazon of 'book monopoly'
b Why the Fed is Happy with the Dollar
b We're Still Talking About ObamaCare Because Obama Designed It That Way
e 10 Films To See In July
m Vampire science: How YOUNG BLOOD could help reverse the ageing process  ...
e Actor James Rebhorn wrote his own obituary
b Emirates airline not to fly over Iraq after MH17
b EPA carbon proposal faces major hurdles
b Senator's close call with train in New Haven
t Trust Mark Zuckerberg: Facebook's Moon-Shooting Strategy Will Pay Off
b S&P 500 Sets Yet Another Fake Record This Year
b U.S. examines pilot simulator data as Malaysia plane search falters
b California water use rises amid severe drought
t Reports of the Surface mini's death have been greatly exaggerated
e Miranda Kerr Mortified Over Orlando Bloom and Justin Bieber Fight: Rosie  ...
t Notch Pulled VR Minecraft Because He's Driven by Principles, Not Capitalism
t HTC One (M8) Hands on and First Look: The Most Good Looking Android  ...
t Google settles long-running copyright battle with Viacom
e Fox to go live with 'Grease'
b TextMe Will Be Lauching a Version of Its App Optimized for the New Amazon  ...
b Now They Think Malaysia Flight 370 Crashed In A Different Place
e Saying goodbye to major player on 'Game of Thrones'
b Mortgage Interest Rates at BB&T Bank on March 19, 2014
b JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon diagnosed with throat cancer
t Facebook under investigation after manipulating users' emotions in news feed  ...
e Bryan Singer's Accuser Discusses Alleged Sexual Assault Lawsuit
b UK shakes up BoE with three new rate-setter appointments
e Beyonce Covers Time Magazine's '100 Most Influential People' Issue
t It's official: The next Assassin's Creed will be set during the French Revolution
e Channing Tatum and Jonah Hill offer some advice on flopping
t Google Rolls Out XE 18.11 Software Update For Glass With Bug Fixes
e Caught On Camera: 'Woozy' Khloé Kardashian Flaunts Her Love For New Beau  ...
t Apple Is The Leading Smartphone Vendor In The US
m Could Cannabis Actually Prevent Childhood Seizures?
e Mad Men 7.01 Review: “Time Zones”
t Nokia Lumia 630 review: Good for the price, but is it a bit boring?
e Who Went Home On The Bachelorette 2014 Last Night? Week 7
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West cover Vogue magazine
b Numsa strike latest blow to ailing economy
e Sara Gilbert is married
m Chappaqua Reacts To 30-Percent Spike In Autism Prevalence
b Transportation Secretary: Funding to states will be rationed beginning in August
e Roland Swenson On World Cafe
e Who is alleged killer Michael Jace?
b WWE Facing Its Most Important Six Months Of Television In 17 Years
b Where Will Oil Prices Go From Here?
e Preggy astronaut
e Dean McDermott Calls Affair "Worst Nightmare," Complains About Sex With Wife  ...
e Cory Monteith's Mom Ann McGregor Opens Up About Her Son's Tragic Death in  ...
b AbbVie - Attempt To Acquire Shire Is Driven By Opportunistic Tax Synergies
e Kate Middleton bare bum photo in German newspaper causes stir
m FDA Gives Green Signal to ReWalk
m FDA to issue guidelines on reducing Americans' salt intake
t Review: Surface works as laptop, has trade-offs
e Don't Be Kurt: Frances Bean Cobain tells Lana Del Rey that dying young is not  ...
b WNS Column Prediction Game. Round 2; WWE Money In the Bank
e 'Rio 2' dazzling but a bit overloaded
e Tori Spelling Finally Gets Her Voice Back And Can Be Honest
b American, United, Southwest offer signs of continuing strength in airline business
m Effectiveness of Stockpiled Tamiflu and Relenza Questioned by UK based  ...
e Sofia Coppola in Talks to Direct The Little Mermaid
e Max Nicholson Says
m E-cigs don't help smokers kick habit, study says
b MH370: Govt Yet To Identify Actual Location: Hisammuddin
e Twitter responds to 'Virgin Killer', Elliot Rodger's massacre
e CANNES WATCH: Hayek hashtags; Baruchel's 'Star Wars;' Spandau draws  ...
e Artist rips Jagger: Mick a 'bad guy' who drove me to brink of suicide
t Court reverses NJ conviction of man in iPad data case
t Heartbleed Poll: Did the NSA have Prior Knowledge?
t Additional Android Wear Details And Features Revealed
t Tibetans inherited 'super gene' from extinct humans to survive life on the Roof of  ...
e Yikes: Miley Cyrus Gleefully Tapes Her Fans Fighting
b Merck: New drugs pending approval or in late tests
e Authorities eye snapped carabiner in circus hair-hanging stunt gone wrong; 2  ...
e The Picture of Dornan's Grey: First Look at '50 Shades of Grey' Star
b Russia's Ryabkov Slams US for Failing to Act on Geneva Accords
e Transcendence Gives Up the Ghost in the Machine
e Kickstarter stuffed with food projects thanks to potato-salad success
e Funeral for Mickey Rooney back on track after family resolves court dispute
b Is Anyone in Favor of Comcast-TWC Merger?
b Checkout Systems Glitch Causes Lines at Target Sunday
b Parade of GM recalls rolls on; 2.4M more vehicles - WSFA.com: News Weather  ...
e R.I.P. Frankie Knuckles, house music legend dead at 59
t Dropbox Makes a Bid to Be “A Home for Life.” (A What?)
t See the Blood Red Moon During Tuesday's Lunar Eclipse
e Listen: Future's new song "I Won" featuring Kanye West
e Watch: First 'Dawn of the Planet of the Apes' TV Spot
b Teva, Pfizer settle patent lawsuit
t Google's Project Tango grows to include 7-inch tablets
b HP to axe up to 16000 staff after another disappointing quarter
e WATCH: Miley Cyrus Performs on 'Chelsea Lately' Series Finale
e Read Beyoncé's Heartfelt Tribute To Michael Jackson
e Kurt Cobain Will Be a Comic-Book Star Now, Too
e Avicii concert-goers in need of emergency medical attention for intoxication
m Judge Rules, Justina Pelletier Is Finally Going Home!
t Apple coughs up in e-book price fixing case
e North may be the real star of Kim Kardashian, Kanye West's Vogue spread
b Actinium Joins Russell 3000(R) , Russell 2000(R) , Russell Global, and Russell  ...
b France seeks alliance, not 'absorption' of Alstom: Montebourg
e Senators drop demand for drone death tallies
e Vogue's Anna Wintour defends Kim and Kanye cover
b Target expands items available via subscription service tenfold
e Megan Fox Makes Pre-Baby Body Debut in 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles  ...
e BET Awards not just a show, but centerpiece for an Experience
e Book fans angry over 'Game of Thrones' finale
t Microsoft: 'We Are in This to Win,' Focusing on Games at E3
b Talks resume as weekend N.Y. rail strike looms
e Christina Grimmie and Ed Sheeran Sing 'All Of The Stars' On The Voice 2014  ...
b China, Russia ink long-awaited gas deal
b He only earns a buck a year, but don't worry about Zuck
e Star Wars 7: First Look at Tatooine Set as JJ Abrams Launches Unicef Force For  ...
m Egypt Reports First Case Of MERS Virus
b Twitter more than doubles its sales, stock soars
e 'Captain America' sets April record with $96.2M
b Zebra Technologies To Acquire Enterprise Business From Motorola Solutions  ...
b Valeant May be Pushed to Boost Offer for Allergan
e Venice fest opens with superhero film
b Vietnam accuses China of sinking fishing boat in disputed waters
b PIMCO Sees Flaw in Obama Fannie Freddie Wind-down Plan
t Swell Deal Could Give Apple Something to Talk About
m Medicare reveals physician payment data
b UPDATE 2-Alcoa results beat Wall Street, shares rise
b Ocean Grove boardwalk to reopen
m E-cigarette TV ads increasingly aimed at youth, study finds
e Peter Mayhew Returning as Kashyyk's Finest in 'Star Wars: Episode VII'
e Walker brothers help finish 'Fast & Furious 7'
e Congressman John Lewis Dances to Pharrell's "Happy," Declares It "His Song"
b Kiwi dollar up on euro
b Kentucky Wins Hemp Seed Release from Federal Government
e 'Unfortunately there's a genetic component to addiction': Former drug-abuser  ...
b Shell tells Putin it wants to expand Russian operations
t All Android devices at risk of being hacked when installing OS system updates
e 'Mrs. Doubtfire 2' in the works with Robin Williams returning
e The Many Women of Don Draper
t The Oculus Fairy Tale
b P&G's Lafley Progresses on Cost Cuts With Sales Growth Elusive
e Brad Paisley Takes 'Selfie' With Westboro Baptist Church
m Midday Roundup: American missionary with Ebola in 'grave condition'
b Facebook, King, and the Worsening Environment for Small Tech Investors
b GM avoids recall crash but road is still rough
t Oculus VR acquires game-networking engine RakNet -- and makes it open-source
e VIDEO: Insane Clown Posse Appeals Juggalos' FBI Gang Designation
e Jack White's Lazaretto Gets #1 On Billboard 200
b Detroit's new debt-cutting plan reduces pension cuts, reflects frantic pace of  ...
b Wal-Mart sues Visa over fees
e Kendall Jenner Catches a Flight with Proud Sister Kim Kardashian
b US Stock Futures Near Flat After Drop in Jobless, Higher Consumer Spending
e 'Weird Al' Yankovic: On 'Comeback' Albums and Standing Out From the Crowd
t Report: Equipped with four cameras, Amazon's smartphone set for June  ...
t GM recalls nearly 29000 Chevrolet Cruzes; faulty air bags can injure passengers
m Behind the Scenes on Those Enormous Medicare Billing Numbers
t Heartbleed coder admits 'oversight' but backs open source
m 3D Mammograms May Improve Breast Cancer Screening
e PHOTOS: Places to visit on Shakespeare's 450th birthday
t Google Glass gets more storage, photo-framing viewfinder
b Daum, Kakao announce merger
e 'Grey's Anatomy': Did Cristina get a proper goodbye?
m Longevity Increase Seen Around the World: WHO
e 'Star Wars' Sequel Starts Shooting in Abu Dhabi, Home of Worker Abuses
e Fox Finally Cancels Seth Green's Offensively Bad Sitcom 'Dads'
t Fish & Wildlife Service and NOAA Announces Final Policy on 'Significant Portion  ...
e Couric narrates 'Fed Up' film that takes on food industry
t Google announces improvements in self-driving cars
t Video of Tampa driver's "instant karma" crash proves popular
t GM chief apologizes for company's failure
b Sprint's Acquisition Of T-Mobile Reportedly Close To Being Finalized
e Surving innovator Alter dies
t Google confronts Apple's HealthKit and Samsung's S Health with Google Fit
t OnePlus, the startup founded by a former Oppo exec, will unveil its first  ...
e Lifetime Sets Plans for Whitney Houston-Bobby Brown Movie; Oscar-Nominated  ...
m Ebola epidemic: West African nations launch emergency battle plan
e Selena Gomez Fires Parents as Her Managers — Over Justin Bieber? (VIDEO)
b Boeing posts higher adjusted profit, raises 2014 forecast
t Google+ rolls out 'Stories' for tricked out photo playback
e The Voice 2014 Season 6 Live Shows: Top 8 Live Recap (VIDEO)
b Europe open: Stocks fall as Yellen signals interest rate rise
t Google confirms Nexus is here to stay
t Why Android Wear smartwatches just aren't smart enough
e Floyd Mayweather & rapper TI brawl at Fatburger in Las Vegas, video surfaces
b Ukraine Firefight Shatters Post-Election Optimism
e 'Mad Men' season 7, episode 4 airs tonight: Welcome back, Don
b Gold, silver futures fluctuate ahead of ADP report, Yellen speech
m Adihex camel auction not Mers risk to visitors
b The Affordable Care Act: March 31 is deadline for choosing a health insurance  ...
b The BlackBerry 10.3 Smartphone Will Come Preloaded With the Amazon Appstore
t Stamford's WWE To Cut 7% Of Staff
b London pre-open: FTSE set for higher start, eyes on UK inflation figures
m E-Cigarette Business Booming as FDA Proposes New Regulations
t Facebook: Gay picture messages launched
e Anita Baker Arrest: Warrant Issued For Singer's Arrest In Mich. Lawsuit
m Learning second language pays off long-term
e Love of Animals Saved Pamela Anderson After Sexual Abuse
e Man sues BA after flying to Grenada, not Granada
t MS shows off Skype translator
t NASA's portrait of a cosmos
t The Best Features of Google's New Android Camera App
b Pfizer walks away from $118bn AstraZeneca takeover fight
t VIDEO: Researchers Discover Giant Chicken-Like Dinosaur
b US stocks advance with metals on housing data; euro retreats
b Scottish independence: RBS move to England 'a distinct possibility' says Carney
b Argentina slides into default as debt talks fail
b Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) general manager in China departs
t Samsung: iPhone owners are 'wall huggers'
m Paralyzed patients able to move legs again, thanks to Christopher Reeve's legacy
e Mick Jagger Issues Single Statement Regarding "Lover And Best Friend" L'Wren  ...
e Desire, ice, and fire: 'Game of Thrones' returns for 4th season
m Tick population increasing in W.Va.
b Lufthansa strike cancels 3000 flights
m MTV Star Diem Brown Now Battles Colon Cancer After Struggling With Ovarian  ...
e Will and Jada under investigation for photo of daughter
t Google Glass to be banned from all UK cinemas
b US financial services giant unveils $6.25b takeover
e George Clooney's pet pig was his baby: Ex-girlfriend
e Work hard, play hard! Zac Efron embarks on fitness session with businessman  ...
m Minister of Health weighs in on chikungunya virus in Cayman
b UN General Assembly votes 'yes' on Ukraine unity
b MtGox discovers 200000 Bitcoins in old wallet
t Viral Video of the Day: John Oliver Explains Net Neutrality
b Key senators agree on plan to replace Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac
b Europe's Stocks to Watch: Vodafone, RWE, Hennes & Mauritz
t Mission commentary from Apollo 13 of Nasa's mission to the moon on sale
e Michael Jace's Dead Wife Testified Jace Was Great Dad
b Air traffic rerouted away from Ukraine after MH17 crash
m Poor Sleep Found Linked to Higher Rates of Childhood Obesity
m March is National Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month
m GLOBAL: World Health Organization alcohol report shows work needed  ...
t Apple iPad Air v Samsung Galaxy Tab S
e 'Divergent' tops weekend box office
b Investment and consumers drive German Q1 growth to three-year high
e Woman who argued with Adam Richman is happy with Travel Channel's  ...
b Chances of getting audited by IRS are lowest in years
e Broadway lights to dim in honour of Eli Wallach
e Book News: The Celebrity Of Gabriel Garcia Marquez
b Yellen Nixes Interest Hikes to Keep Economy Stable
b Erste tumbles in Europe after bank warns of loss
m Giraffe 'kisses' dying man goodbye
t Apple and Google Agree to Settle all Patent Disputes
t Sony Xperia C3 Selfie Smartphone Announced (Video)
e 'Orphan Black' has found a family of fans
m RECALL ALERT: Walmart Recalls 'My Sweet' Dolls Over Burn Risk
b U.S. Dollar Relatively Flat Ahead of Economic Events Later This Week
e A 'bad day' in rehab costs Chris Brown his freedom, possibly his career
t Court reverses conviction of US 'security hacker' (Update)
b BNP Paribas pleads guilty to US sanction breaches
e Free taxi rides offered for Cinco de Mayo
b AstraZeneca rejects Pfizer talks, says confident in strategy
t Microsoft takes its 'mobile first, Cloud first' mantra to partners
t Android L: Top 10 features
b Investors ask if stock drop is just the start
m That Hummus You Just Bought from Trader Joe's Could Be Contaminated
b Retail Sales Might Look Lousy, But They're Not Pointing Toward Recession Today
b Dov Charney's Sketchiness Tallied in Leaked Termination Letter
b US open: Stocks little changed before Fed policy decision
b Corn slips ahead of USDA data
b Swiss bank UBS reports rise in profit
e Lea Michele and Boyfriend Matthew Paetz Spotted Holding Hands at LAX  ...
e Josh Elliott exits 'Good Morning America'
t Will you be experiencing Facebook in virtual reality soon?
b AstraZeneca Targets Annual Revenues Of More Than $45 Bln By 2023 - Quick  ...
b Lufthansa pilots go on strike, airline cancels 3800 flights
b Poll: Most Long-Term Unemployed Have Given Up Looking For Job
e Miley's 14 yo Sister Caught Clubbing
b 2016 Fiat 500X coming later this year
b salesforce.com (CRM), Philips (PHG) Enter Alliance for Cloud-Based Healthcare  ...
m Study: More breast cancer patients selecting double mastectomy
m Photos/Video: Teen Pregnancy Prevention Month
e Rogen, Efron wage comic war in movie 'Neighbors'
t LG Prepares For G Watch With Teaser Video
e Finding The Soul Of Old Monsters In "Penny Dreadful"
e Why Justin Bieber's Attempted Cell Phone Robbery Investigation Was Dropped
m CDC: Norovirus leads list of food outbreak culprits
e Lana Del Rey 'Ultraviolence' Scores First Ever Number One Album For The 'West  ...
e Mila Kunis talks about goofy pregnancy cravings
b Why Valeant Pharmaceuticals (VRX) Stock Is Up Today
m Bird tests positive for West Nile virus in Knox County
t Get Ready for Ray-Ban, Oakley Versions of Google Glass
m The Match Game: Medical students discover their bright future in heartwarming  ...
t Culture, Science & Faith Tolerance: Mozilla CEO Latest Marriage Supporter Pariah
b Mass. gas prices continue to fall
b Genius Brands International Introduces Secret Millionaires Club to Berkshire  ...
t “Ask” Button Introduced By Facebook
b GameStop Is Surging After Profit Tops Expectations
e Demi Lovato vamps it up in sheer black bodycon and hot pink lipstick at  ...
m Toned woman quits gym for being too fit
e 'Cesar Chavez' Screens For Farm Workers At Labor Union's Historic Birthplace  ...
e Seth Rogen, Judd Apatow blast journalist who suggested their films inspired  ...
b What's News Today, Tuesday, July 1, 2014
e Cameron Diaz: The Real Thing
e Olympic Gold Medal Ice Dancers Meryl Davis, Charlie White in 'Latin Night' on  ...
t Samsung Galaxy NotePro for AT&T Spotted At the FCC
b Japan firms lift investment plans
e Chris Martin turns Voice mentor new
t Great footage of the SpaceX reusable rocket
e Maleficent reboots Sleeping Beauty
t Keeping up with the Gardening
b IBM's Quarterly Revenue Sinks as Hardware Sales Fall
m Diners in Hepatitis A Scare at Suburban NYC Restaurant
t Apple may buy Beats
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Zoom Gets FCC Certification
b Stress Test: The Indictment of Timothy Geithner
e VICTIM TELLS OF LOST INNOCENCE
b Coca Cola,Pepsi remove controversial ingredient from recipe
e Julia Roberts, Ashton Kutcher, Matthew McConaughey – Celebrities Read Mean  ...
t Amazon Appstore coming to BlackBerry
m You are here! Home > Features Analyses > High cholesterol levels may impair  ...
t Amazon's Subscription Based 'Kindle Unlimited' is Like Netflix for Books
e RECAP: Mad Men, "Time Zones"
b PF Chang's investigates breach, shifts to manual payment card imprinting
m Government Approves Study Of Marijuana Smoking To Treat PTSD In Veterans
m Hope for vegetative patients
e Inside George Clooney and Amal Alamuddin's Engagement Party
m Sierra Leone Declares Quarantine, As Ebola Outbreak Worsens
e Miley Cyrus Postpones Her Entire 'Bangerz' Tour Until August: See the New Dates
t Microsoft Surface Mini and Surface Pro 3 tablets coming on May 20
m Lab-Grown Vaginas Have Been Successfully Implanted In Four Teenage Women
b Amazon buys digital comic book platform comiXology
e Sheryl Sandberg Enlisted Beyoncé For A 'Lean In' Commercial
b Barclays sued over alleged 'predatory' dark pool fraud
m Flesh-Eating Bacteria That Thrives in Warm Seas Kills One in Florida
t WWDC 2014: 10 things you need to know about Swift
e Jay Z and Beyonce On the Run Tour Bows in Miami (Photos)
b The commodities card Wall Street traders had a terrible, terrible quarter, except  ...
b McDonald's may be liable for worker lawsuits
t WhatsApp CEO Jan Koum Sets The Record Straight Over Facebook Concerns
t An artist's reconstruction of Pelagornis sandersi. REUTERS/Liz Bradford/Bruce  ...
e A-List Links: Mila Kunis Opens Up About Her Pregnancy
e The Talker: Harry Potter returns in snarky-ish JK Rowling short story
b HP Sees PC Growth as it Trims Workforce
e Beverly Hills Hotel Boycotted Over Brunei's Sharia Penal Code
m Paralyzed men move legs with implant
t Ten quick ways to get better battery life on your phone
m Successful trial testing pushes Lexicon stock up
e Kacy Catanzaro: First Female American Ninja Warrior Finalist
b U.S. Stock Futures Drop as Tensions Rise in Iraq, Ukraine
b China's Alibaba plans $15bn US listing in biggest IPO since Facebook
b US STOCKS-Futures imply weak open, S&P on track for down week
m FDA Move to Regulate E-Cigarettes May Boost Trend to Treat Them Like  ...
b Twitter Inc.'s share price, posts slow users growth over the first quarter
t Iceland lowers volcano alert to orange
e Sean Penn stars in Jay Z and Beyonce's new video
t Google Glass SMS iPhone Support Coming Soon
t From 70s fad to culture change: Google celebrates 40 years of the Rubik's Cube
e MICHAEL JACKSON World Premiere Experience Comes to Billboard Music  ...
t YouTube Bringing 60 FPS Playback Support
e Rupert Grint to make Broadway debut in It's Only a Play
b Tech companies, Citigroup tug US stocks lower - WNCT
b Cable news loses eyes, online and local news gain viewers, report says
t FTC: T-Mobile Hauled in Millions Ripping Off Customers Through 'Cramming'
e Keeping Up With The Kardashians LIVE Recap: Season 9 Episode 12 “Playing  ...
b Waiting For the Rebound
t Google Wants To Make You A Pokémon Master For April Fool's
b Stocks Reach New Milestone
e Agents of SHIELD Confirmed For A Second Season
t Covering the business that Steve Jobs built
e Miley Cyrus Cracks Crass Date Rape Joke That's Anything But Funny (VIDEO)
e 'Shield' actor Jace arrested in wife's death - 14 News, WFIE, Evansville  ...
b India leaves rates on hold; election, monsoon in focus
t Get Ready for One of the Greatest Meteor Showers Ever - or Not
e Movie review: 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' is the best X-Men movie
b US STOCKS-Futures imply lower open after recent rally
e Jada Pinkett Smith Finally Addresses That Controversial Willow Smith Photo
b Gallup Survey Suggests ObamaCare Signups Not as High as WH Says
b U.K. Inflation Drops Despite Faster Growth
b Amazon Cart Lets You Shop Through Twitter Using a Hashtag
b BNP to pay RM28.9b in US sanctions case, face dollar-clearing ban
m A Bilingual Brain is a Healthy Brain
b European Factors to Watch-Shares seen steady at open, BNP in focus
t Meet George Jetson: Apple preps iPhone 'big play'
t Twitters Gnip buy-up is a sign social networks are getting serious about selling  ...
b Morgan Stanley Sees EBITDA Margin Upside for Google
b Report: Digital sites bring momentum to news
b New floating objects spotted as stormy weather grounds aircraft searching for  ...
b Officials: Complacency from past conservation drives hike in water use in  ...
t Facebook introduces 'Nearby Friends' feature
e Tony Soprano (art by: Дмитрий Демиденко)
b Always Consider the Sovereign When Investing in Foreign Countries
b Amazon's Fire phone launch: Hits, misses, and takeaways
t Apple Inc relaunches iPad 4 for $399 with upgrades, ditches iPad 2
b French Market Declines, Vivendi Drops
b EPA Wins One, Loses One in Supreme Court
t Tesla Motors making patents available to the public for free
b Why the gold euphoria won't last
e '24: Live Another Day' - the return of Jack Bauer
e TI and Floyd Mayweather Involved in Las Vegas Brawl
m Q2 earnings outlook positive for publicly traded hospital companies
e 'Jersey Shore' star 'The Situation' charged in fight at tanning salon
e 'Game of Thrones' Season 4 Finale Recap: “The Children”
t 10 Things to Know for Thursday
e New Promo For Mad Men Leaves It All Up In The Air
t Samsung Galaxy F shown again in Glowing Gold
e James Franco Defends Nearly Naked Underwear Photo: 'It's What People Want  ...
m F1 Champion Michael Schumacher Medical Records Stolen, Offered for Sale
b Video: Cab Drivers Shut Down Streets Near Wilson Building For Horn-Heavy  ...
m Breast Cancer Gene Linked to High-Risk Uterine Cancer
t Fandango, Credit Karma Settle FTC Data-Security Claims
t Google bans porn ads from search results
t Verdict due on Japan whaling
m AOL.com Article - 14.5-lb. baby born at Mass. hospital, biggest in 12 years
m Americans are Fat Because of Cheap Food
t Costs of climate change to be steep but tough to pinpoint
b Top 5 US, top 5 global IPOs
b Big Banks' 'Too-Big-to-Fail Subsidy' Is Waning, GAO Finds
e From Tissues and Tears to Smiles for Miles...Dancing with the Stars Has It All  ...
b US jobless seeking aid drops to 7yr low
e HBO's 'Game of Thrones' gets two-season renewal
m Sector Update: Healthcare
b Market Basket employees threaten walkout; corporate board sets special meeting
m Food & Water Watch Responds to FDA Pet Jerky Investigation
b Barclays sued over alleged 'predatory' dark pool fraud
m Goodbye photo breaks internet's heart
t European Commission Criticizes Apple Over In-App Purchase Policies
m Friends 'share DNA similarities'
t Microsoft OneDrive free storage grows, Office 365 subscribers get more free  ...
b Rates could rise by the end of the year, Bank of England signals
e 'Game Of Thrones' Finale Secrets! Will Tyrion Die, Jon Snow Kill Mance Rayder  ...
e Scarlett Johansson puts directorial debut on hold - report
t Google's 'Street View' maps add digital time capsules for visual retrospectives
e Pharrell Brings All His Friends Onstage For An Excellent Coachella Performance
e Ultra Music Fest 2014's Saturday Highlights: Deadmau5's 'Old MacDonald  ...
b McDonald's struggling to stay relevant with millennials
b Philippines signs $667m military aircraft contracts amid territorial dispute
b IKEA Joins Costco, Gap in Voluntary US Wage Hike
e David Chase reveals whether Tony died at the end of The Sopranos
e Disney casting associate from Raleigh talks “Planes: Fire and Rescue”
b CORRECTED-UPDATE 1-Court orders Russia to pay over $50 bln in damages  ...
b Euro zone manufacturing growth eases
e George Takei Joins Pride Parade in Seattle
e Andrew Lincoln Steps Out After Violent 'Walking Dead' Finale
t Aereo, Shire, Lenovo, Tilted Kilt: Intellectual Property
e Fundraiser for potato salad goes viral, raises thousands
b Fed: Taxpayer subsidy for 'Too Big To Fail' banks? $8.5 billion
b FBI conducting a probe into Herbalife
e Kanye West and Kim Kardashian Tweaked Wedding Kiss Pic 'For Like Four Days'
b Barclays hit by new scandal as 'dark pool' fraud allegations wipe £2.5billion from  ...
b The Bottom Line: Citigroup settlement
m PTC Therapeutics (PTCT) Receives Positive Opinion from CHMP for Translarna
e Amy Adams gives up first-class seat to U.S. soldier
b Amazon to offer 'nerve centre' tours
t Facebook acquires fitness tracking mobile app
e The actor says he is sorry for “poorly considered” comments
t More Obama Climate Lies
e Rick Ross Arrested for Skipping Court Date in North Carolina
e Record Store Day 2014: what is the best record store in the UK?
t Sprint Corporation's (S) 30 Day Trial Offer To Heat Up Competition In The US  ...
t HTC's new One battles the best smartphones out there
e 'How I Met Your Mother' wraps it up — finale five!
b American Airlines, JetBlue Ending Itinerary Extension Agreement
m Michigan man among 1st in US to get 'bionic eye' to help with retinitis pigmentosa
t CUSTOMER SERVICE Did T-Mobile 'Cram' Customers? FTC Wants To Know
e Solange Knowles Barely Addresses Elevator Incident in New Interview
b US unemployment down to 6.1% and the Dow Jones at 17.000 for first time
t Steam Controller delayed to more 'realistic' 2015 release window
m Guinea: Government Outlaws Bat Soup to Stop Ebola Outbreak
e Zac Efron Punched By Homeless Man - But Why Was He In Skid Row?
t OnePlus One specs, photos and camera samples surface
e Johnny Manziel Films His First Local Commercial for Collection Auto Group
t Avast takes down forums after breach hits 400000 users
m More Irish women are winning breast cancer fight as death rate drops by a third
e Macklemore Performs in "Jew Mocking" Costume
b Morning Market Summary
e How Much Did Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's Wedding Cost?
e Ousted NY Times Editor Talks of Resiliency at Wake Field Commencement
e 'Jump Street' will come out a winner if it stops at '22'
e The Other Woman
e 'Guardians Of The Galaxy' Sequel Due In 2017
e Scotty McCreery -- Home Invasion Victim
t YouTube to Offer 60fps Video Support, Fan Funding and More Soon
m Mosquito Season
m The STD That Has Doubled For Men
t Ford Invests Big in 2.7L EcoBoost Plant Amidst Rising V-6 Truck Sales
e American Idol Results Tonight 2014 Top 3: Jessica Gets Eliminated 5/8/14
b US airliner nearly hit drone: FAA
b Gas prices rise in state
b US winter plays dampener to McDonald's sales in first quarter
e MSNBC Celebrates Cinco De Mayo In Worst Possible Way
m May 5th is Melanoma Monday
e Reel Reviews: New Muppet is green and mean
b US OPENING NEWS INCLUDING: Comments by ECB's Draghi failed to prop up  ...
e Brad Paisley Takes Selfie with Westboro Baptist Protesters Picketing His Concert
e Alicia Keys & Kendrick Lamar Get Superhuman on 'Spider-Man 2' Track
b IU Kelley School analysis: Population growth escalates in many Indiana  ...
t Apple, Samsung trade barbs as $2 billion patent trial opens
m Taking the test
e Why the Supreme Court might pull the plug on Aereo
t Oracle wins copyright appeal against Google over Android
b Apple reportedly set to splash out $3.2 billion in buyout of Dr Dre's Beats  ...
t Nokia sees Microsoft deal closing this week
e Zara pulls plug on 'Holocaust shirt' for kids
b US Economy Rebounds Strongly in Second Quarter
m Stem cell research scientist to be punished in Japan
e This Week in Film: May 30, 2014
t Best new mobile apps for iOS and Android: Top Trump It, Ingress, more
b Hormel Foods to buy Muscle Milk products maker CytoSport Holdings
m Number of people with HIV unchanged since 2012, UN claims it can stop  ...
e 'Mad Men' premiere party: All you need are cocktails
b China HSBC PMI (final) lower-than-expected
b Warren Buffett says Coca-Cola can adjust compensation plan, but won't launch  ...
e Michael Strahan Gets A New Job!
t Samsung Galaxy S5: My First Week
b U.K. Inflation Slows More Than Expected In May
e Flowers Laid at Hollywood Star of Ann B. Davis
t Microsoft share price: Company tightens privacy policy
t Microsoft launches Nokia X2 - its first Android smartphone (with a Windows  ...
m First stem cell research paves way for new treatments for bipolar disorder
m Risky teen behavior takes dive, survey says
b County requests votes from cities on interlocal agreement
t Why Does AT&T Want to Buy Satellite-TV Technology?
e Life Itself: A Fond Final Tribute to Roger Ebert
b Gold trading outlook: futures steady ahead of US payrolls, dollar gains
b Looking forward to a terrific Barack Obama-Narendra Modi meeting: John Kerry
e 'American Idol' update: JLo, Keith Urban and Harry Connick Jr will be back
b New York top court says towns can ban fracking
t Business Wire
t Apple: Emojis Should Be More Ethnically Diverse
e What If: Kanye West + Kim Kardashian = Country Music?
t VIDEO: Google Super Successful At Spinning Europe's Right To Be Forgotten  ...
e 'Captain America' sequel closes in on $50 million in China in 4 days
e Seconds Of Summer - 5 Seconds Of Summer Bring The Heat To The Top Of The  ...
t Climate mitigation report: Key findings
e Josh Kaufman Wins "The Voice" Season 6
t LG hypes up the G3 with 3 new teaser videos
t Extremely Cold Conditions Not Expected To Increase Due To Climate Change
b GE Clears Final Alstom Hurdle as French Government Buys 20% from Bouygues
e Miley Cyrus blasts Liam Hemsworth onstage
e Mrs Doubtfire 2 is apparently a thing that is happening
e Happy Fourth of July If you're thinking of buying fireworks ...
t A year on Mars in Martian time: Rover passes milestone
b Ronald McDonald's New Look
e Gwen Stefani Reportedly to Replace Christina Aguilera on 'The Voice'
e The Shield Actor Michael Jace Arrested For Murdering His Wife After Telling  ...
b Technology stocks lead an early decline in Wall Street after Google, IBM  ...
t Apple devices held hostage using Find My iPhone
m Kitsap County park closed after outbreak of stomach illness
b IEA says Iraq oil supplies not at risk if fighting contained
e Spartanburg officials encourage residents to have fun, safe holiday
b Private Student Loan Borrowers Face Automatic Default Because Of Co-Signer  ...
e Mark Ruffalo, Keira Knightley and John Carney on their new film, 'Begin Again'
b Priceline (PCLN) Agrees to Buy OpenTable Inc (OPEN) for $2.6B
t NASA's Space X launch to go as per schedule
e Jimmy's Hall
b Breaking: SolarCity buys Silevo, plans 1GW fab
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Are Married! Here Are All the Wedding Details  ...
t The FCC's contentious new 'net neutrality' rules and you: What you need to know
t AT&T 4G LTE Available In Gadsden
t OVERNIGHT TECH: House panel to consider Internet governance bill
e Is Lizzie McGuire Hilary Duff's new song a rip off of Sheryl Crow's "Soak Up the  ...
e Lea Michele's 'On My Way' Music Video
m Nearly a third of world is overweight
e What killed Peaches Geldof?
b FedEx 2015 Profit Forecast Tops Estimates on Rising Growth (3)
t Google Glass gets first 'wearable health record'
e 'Pretty Little Liars' Star Sounds Off On GQ Photoshop Criticism
t RIP: Facebook Poke and Camera apps are dead (and nobody will miss them)
e 'The Bachelorette': Does Emily Maynard have hope for Andi Dorfman, other TV  ...
t Caught red-handed, Microsoft promises not to snoop on emails
e 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2' shows lack of personality
e Game of Thrones season four premiere was most watched HBO show since The  ...
t Tweetdeck hit by XSS security vulnerability
b Zillow Inc. (NASDAQ:Z) buying rival Trulia Inc. (TRLA) for $3.5 bn
b Riksbank Risks Bubbles As It Duels The ECB
e Andrew Garfield Spins His Charming And HIGHlarious Web On Saturday Night  ...
b Libya PM Zeidan dismissed as oil tanker 'breaks blockade'
e New couple? Sofia Vergara 'dating hunky True Blood star Joe Manganiello'... six  ...
m People 'may just give up' on fruit and veg target
e Leonardo DiCaprio dances at Coachella
e Regular Mom Takes Gwyneth Paltrow to Task
b Illinois median home prices increase in March;
t What was Mission 31?
b US economy grows 4% in second quarter
m Asian Market Update Japan METI cuts assessment on industrial production after  ...
b 3 takeaways from Amgen's big restructuring
e Maleficent: Legacy Featurette
b UPDATE 1-Kerry says compromise with India on WTO possible
e 'Fifty Shades of Grey' First Footage: Jamie Dornan, Dakota Johnson – Little Sex  ...
b ECB – risk of disinflationary expectations takes hold
m Is Work Relaxing Or Stressful?
b Stocks end higher on earnings gains; Apple up
e Drew Barrymore Welcomes Second Daughter With Husband Will Kopelman
e Megan Fox Puts Killer Legs on Display In Super Short Dress
e Is the end near for Comic-Con in San Diego?
e UPDATED: Jared Leto Wins Best On-Screen Transformation at MTV Movie  ...
b Blackberry profit dips
t Google Glass goes groovy as they bring emails to your Ray-Ban sunglasses
t United States' Cultural Heritage At Risk Due To Changing Climate
t With latest ad, Apple wants to make Samsung turn green
m African camels show MERS is more widespread than believed
m Ebola Virus: Nigeria In Danger With Influx Of Infected Foreigners
b Revised Data Shows GDP Shrank 2.9% In First Quarter
e MAGIC! Are Pretty Rude At The MuchMusic Video Awards — And You'll Love  ...
m URGENT - Florida-MERS
e Valeria Lukyanova says kids bring out "deep revulsion in me" and other  ...
t WoW Game Designer Talks PvE Loot Changes In Warlords Of Draenor
b Gov't: Airlines should show fees
b Tech News: Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) and Google (NASDAQ: GOOG) Settles  ...
e Last Night's Episode Of Lindsay Will Make You SERIOUSLY Question Whether  ...
b WWE 'Money in the Bank' (Includes first-hand account)
t Samsung's budget 4K monitor is selling for $700
m Study Finds Cash Is Covered In Bacteria
b Lagarde hints at global forecast cut even as US rebounds
t Facebook gives with one hand and takes with the other
b Allergan Rejects Valeant Takeover Offer
m CDC Mum on Restaurants Linked to E.coli Outbreak
e Heaven Is for Real star found faith by leaving Hollywood (with trailer)
e TV highlights: The 'How I Met Your Mother' finale
b Asian shares sluggish, dollar holds firm before Fed
e Jennifer Love Hewitt joining 'Criminal Minds'
e Links for the Day: Gary Oldman Playboy Interview, Frances Bean Cobain Blasts  ...
t First Exomoon Spotted: Is It The Real Deal, Or Just A Planet Orbiting A Star?
b Stocks fall on Fed official's rate hike call while sterling rises
b Automakers unveil China-focused models in Beijing
e Beiber can't remember coming to Australia
e Watch: Beyoncé's surprise appearance at Coachella
b Euro Declines Ahead Of German ZEW Economic Sentiment Index
t SpaceX launches fresh supplies to ISS
b Pandora Continues Slide Ahead of Earnings Thursday
e George Clooney rings in with a 7-carat diamond for fiancee Amal Alamuddin
m Bill Would Define E-Cigarettes As Tobacco Products In Michigan
m Bullied teen loses 200 pounds, finishes half-marathon
t Google buys drone maker that was once the object of Facebook's desire
e Stacy Keibler marries boyfriend of seven months Jared Pobre in surprise beach  ...
e 'The Shield' Star Michael Jace Arrested In Shooting Death Of Wife
t Mozilla denies pushing CEO to resign
e Mad Men Recap: Season 7 Episode 6 The Strategy, Shortcomings and  ...
e Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Gets Trailer
e Taylor Swift Shows How To Work A Thigh-High Split
m In West Africa, Officials Target Ignorance And Fear Over Ebola
b Cocaine-filled condoms addressed to Vatican found
t 'Most Earth-like planet yet' spotted by Kepler
t Chinese submarines could reach US in 'two hours'
t Twitter testing new platform that eliminates the "Retweet" function
e Dancing With The Stars: Semi Final Shocker As An Olympian Is Voted Off
m CDC Closes Labs After Anthrax, Bird Flu and Small Pox Scares
b Alibaba rival JD.com sets IPO price range at $16-$18/ADS
e Celebrate triumphant return of Jesus Christ
e 'Central Park with Asia': Lady Gaga spills out of plunging green gown while  ...
b Coldwater Creek going bankrupt, liquidating by May
e President Snow makes propaganda address in Mockingjay teaser
e 'Scandal'-Inspired Clothing Line Coming to The Limited
e Adam Levine Worked For Free on 'Begin Again' for The Experience
b East Coast detour around Delaware bridge closure that has shut down I-495
e Dressing Maleficent
t Twitter Fixes TweetDeck After Hack
m Even a Few Drinks Tied to Poor Birth Outcomes
m Hospital Infection Rates in Alabama Lowest in Nation
t Google ready to launch simplified Google TV dubbed 'Android TV'?
m Eating processed meat increases heart attack risk
b Bridge scandal testimony from Port Authority leader postponed
e John Cleese interview: "This is the last time for the Pythons"
t An Apple deal may make Dr. Dre the 'first billionaire in hip-hop.' It's a bittersweet  ...
e Watch The Film Godzilla Director Gareth Edwards Made In Just 48 Hours
m Saturated Fat And Heart Disease Not Linked? Omega-3 And Other Fatty Acids  ...
b Area jobless rates fall for April
b Everyone Is Mocking One Quote From Argentina's Economy Minister
b Norman Borlaug: Celebrating 100 years
e VIDEO: Best Moments from the 2014 MTV Movie Awards
t Microsoft has stopped launch of Surface Mini
b Home sales rise 1.3 percent in April
e Kim Kardashian - Kim Kardashian and Kanye West want 'bigger' NYC home
e 'True Detective' Season Two Location Revealed
e I'm not Jewish, but I really want to participate. Is that, um, kosher?
m Congress to Dr. Oz: Stop pushing phony supplements
t 'It has a special place in my heart': Iconic Mustang celebrates 50th anniversary
e Godzilla Set To Score A Sequel After Box Office Success
t Net Neutrality, What Made the Internet Powerful, Dies at 25
b California DMV says there is no evidence of security breach from online system
t Tesla Model 3 Price Starts At $35000, Arrives 2017: Entry Tesla To Rival BMW 3  ...
b Business news and markets: live
b 72 savings accounts now beat inflation
m When doctors don't believe her, woman records herself having stroke symptoms
m News from around Wisconsin at 5:58 p.m. CDT
m Scientists make progress in treating paralysis
e 'Guardians of the Galaxy' to hit the small screen as new cartoon
e 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' (2014) Movie Review
e Chelsea Handler signs off late-night TV with Miley Cyrus, songs and an ex-lover
e Melissa McCarthy is directed by her husband Ben Falcone in comedy Tammy
b European Union greenlights Lithuania for 2015 eurozone entry
t Evolutionary advances in new smartwatches
m NY Governor Andrew Cuomo Seeks to End New York's AIDS Epidemic
b USDA announces $31.5 million in funding for research to fight citrus greening
e Game of Thrones "The Lion and the Rose" Preview: A Nice Day for a Westeros  ...
e Kiefer Sutherland didn't need much convincing to return as Jack Bauer in 24 Live  ...
b Microsoft's 'Blowout Quarter' Proved Nothing
t IPCC's limp-wristed climate assessment
b Some on MPC saw monetary decision more balanced
b MoneyGram to Host Analyst Call
t Twitter tries the Facebook look with new design
t GM adds 3 more recalls of more than 450K
b Report: Obamacare Signup Total Hits 7 Million
e Kim Kardashian Speaks Out about Wedding Rumors
e Happy Cinco de Mayo !!
t How an Awkward Moment at WWDC Underscores the Need for App Trials
t True-Color Images Just Released of Voyager's Flyby of Neptune Moon
e Amazon Fire TV a Huge Success Right Out of the Gate, Tops Amazon's Best  ...
b The party that cried wolf
b Search for Malaysian aircraft resumes
e 'Duck Dynasty' Star Jase Robertson Admits Him And Wife Were Virgins At Wedding
e Karrueche Tran, Chris Brown Appears 'Drunk In Love' While Being Carried Out  ...
e Op-ed: Why #eesok that everyone hates Juan Pablo
t No relief in sight as gas prices reach record levels
e Lady Gaga
e Gwar Frontman Dave Brockie Dies Aged 50
t On topic: Tech news to know now
e X-Men Apocalypse teaser shown post credits of Days of Future Past
b How the S&P 500′s top 10 changed in the index's march to 2000 from 1000
e Chris Brown rejects reality show rumors
e Chadwick Boseman channels James Brown in 'Get On Up'
m How chocolate protects the heart, reduces stroke risk
b SC umemployment down again in January; Beaufort County's rate increases
e 'Game of Thrones' Shares Photos From Season 4 Finale
t VIDEO: Why Samsung is a Safer Bet Than Apple
b Dow Jones industrial average up 103 points at 16478
b Global Markets Overview – 3/17/14
e Four Potential Homes for 'The Bachelorette' Star Andi Dorfman and the Final  ...
e The Clouds Of Sils Maria Star Kristen Stewart Talks About Having A Personal  ...
e Review: Schwarzenegger's Resurgence Continues in Kick-Ass 'Sabotage'
b Friday Brings a “Less Bad” Trading Session for the Stock Market
e Tracy Morgan's Condition Upgraded from Critical to Fair Following June 7 Accident
m World Health Organisation polio mandate leads to confusion
e 'Rosemary's Baby': Critics React To Zoe Saldana's Chilling TV Retake
t Scientists Reverse Termite Theory for Mysterious African 'Fairy Circles'
e Kim Kardashian, Kourtney and Khloe, Talk Motherhood, Marriage, and Business  ...
m Officials warn Floridians to guard against mosquitoes during rainy season
e Contestant of ABC TV's 'The Bachelorette' dies in Utah accident
e Andi Dorfman on 'The Bachelorette' premiere: I thought I might faint the first night
e She's been back on the brink
e Lady Gaga - 'G.U.Y.' (Official Video)
e Film Producer Garth Ancier Suing Michael Egan Who Accused Him And Other  ...
e Netflix joins lineup of 3 US cable-TV services
b European Central Banks Make Gold Agreement Without Sales Limit
b Who's in town? Upcoming conventions and events
b Oil prices dip as Middle East supply worries ebb
m Ebola Outbreak Spreading: How To Protect Yourself
e Friends anniversary: pop-up Central Perk cafe to open in New York
m Scientists urge WHO not to clamp down on e-cigarettes
e SA anti-apartheid author and Nobel winner Gordimer dies
m Only 1 percent of norovirus outbreaks occur on cruise ships
b Natco Pharma cracks 19% as US justices agrees to hear Teva's Copaxone appeal
e Amazon.com rebrands its Cloud Player app as 'Amazon Music'
b Optimism About Consumer Drives Early Gains On Wall Street - US Commentary
e You'll never believe what Gwyneth Paltrow is saying about parenting...
t WhatsApp CEO: We won't compromise your privacy for Facebook
t AAA: RI gasoline prices hold steady
e Did he just say that? Justin Bieber compares himself to Princess Diana in  ...
b Brent Oil Falls to Three-Week Low on Libya Supply
e Chris Martin Can't Stop Smiling As He Ditches Wedding Ring After Gwyneth  ...
b Airbus, Safran create space launch joint venture
t Microsoft unveils Nokia X2 for Rs 8100
e Game of Thrones, Season 4, Episode 3 Recap: "Breaker of Chains"
e Karrueche Tran, Joyce Hawkins freaking out over Chris Brown's orange jumpsuit  ...
b Box to go public, hoping to raise $250M
e UPDATE 1-New Harry Potter attraction opens at Florida theme park
m Tackle Ebola at source to contain it, says ActionAid
t Photos: A Sweet 'Honey Moon' Filled The Skies Last Night
e Blended: Adam Sandler & Drew Barrymore Talk How Chemistry Has “Gotten  ...
t Facebook expands users ad targeting profiles with website data
m Young blood infusion improves mental performance in old mice
t Follow along: the saga of the Heartbleed and the NSA
b Dollar Steady After Comments From Fed's Yellen
t Samsung Galaxy Grand 2 Android 4.4.2 Update Might Be Released in June
e It's all Maya (Angelou): Faking cultural literacy on social media
b German upturn driven solely by domestic demand
e Miley Cyrus' TV concert special 'bombs'
m Money breakthrough for Walla Walla vets home
t Mysterious 'space tree' baffles scientists
b China Telecom Corporation Ltd.: Press Release - 2013 Annual Results
t Red Hat Targets Apps With Project Atomic And RHEL 7
e Hayden Panettiere, At Primetime Emmys, Reveals Pregnancy Cravings & Her  ...
e Real Life 'Human Barbie' Valeria Lukyanova shared a special new video
m USDA delays whole grains as school rule
b European Stocks Rebound Before German Confidence Data
t Tech Stocks in the News: Microsoft Corporation(NASDAQ:MSFT), Nokia  ...
b Target CEO Resigns After Last Year's Hack
b Gas price a shock for Fourth weekend
e Working mum's open letter to Gwyneth Paltrow who claims being a film star is  ...
t Microsoft commits to security as it lays out FY15 vision
m Study: Magic Mushrooms Alter Brain Function Similarly to REM Sleep
e JJ Abrams was 'blown away' by Andy Serkis
t Amazon Makes Pitch To App Developers Ahead Of Rumored Smartphone Launch
t Homeland Security advises against Internet Explorer until patch is ready
b TradeTheNews.com EU Market Update: IMF reaches initial agreement on  ...
t Hands-on: Slingshot app by Facebook (for iPhone) review
t iPhone 6 Press Image Finally Leaks; Skips On The Protruding Camera
t SpaceX Dragon returns to Earth after space station mission
b Hong Kong back on top of rich-list stakes as brand is reinforced
e Morrissey cancels US tour, including Hershey stop
t Galaxy Note 4 to pack 12-megapixel camera with OIS?
b Amazon Breaks Silence on Hachette Dispute
t HTC One (M8) Google Play and Developer editions officially unveiled
e Lorde To Write First Single, Handpick Songs For 'Hunger Games: Mockingjay  ...
e Fans Are Freaking Out Over Justin And Selena's Dirty Dancing Video
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 features rumoured
b Taxi protests against Silicon Valley ride-app Uber threaten European gridlock
b Virgin rated top carrier in U.S.
m A big thanks to 'Relay City'
m Environmental Pollution may Increase Risk of Autism
e Miley Cyrus to cover The Beatles with The Flaming Lips
e James Franco jokes about almost-nude Instagram selfie, on 'Late Show'
m California Legislature repeals glove law for food handlers
e Transformers kills at box office
t And the Lord said 'let there be a Big Bang'
t Microsoft to wrap Nokia deal Friday, name subsidiary 'Microsoft Mobile'
b Zebra To Acquire Motorola Solutions' Enterprise Biz For $3.45 Bn
t Netflix vs. Comcast 'Net Neutrality' Spat Erupts After Traffic Deal
e Keith Richards Working on a Kids' Book
m Two Embryos Used To Form One Healthy Baby May Be A Reality Within Two  ...
e The First Full-Length Photos Of Kim Kardashian's Wedding Gown Have Arrived
t Apple updates MacBook Air…
t Millions at risk of ID theft after eBay hacked
m American Doctor Sick With Ebola Now Fighting For His Life
m Insufficient Sleep May Lead To Obesity in Children
e Mad Men Review: “The Monolith” (Season 7, Episode 4)
e Kaley Cuoco-Sweeting, 'Cosmopolitan' May Cover Girl Talks Romance  ...
b 12-Year-Old Girl Hospitalized After Falling Down SoHo Elevator Shaft
t Upcoming Conference Will Challenge Media's One-Sided Climate Agenda
m 7 Tons of Hummus Recalled Over Listeria Fears
b Piketty offers simple explanation to phenomenon
t Why US gas prices may never go down again
b Behind the scenes in the News92 FM Newsroom/Photo credit: Brent Clanton
t Congress: GM consumers complained for years about ignitions
t Google Glass useful in surgery but poor battery life, privacy concerns remain  ...
e 'Transformers' edges 'Tammy' at the box office on weak July 4 weekend
b U.S. stocks open nearly flat ahead of consumer confidence data
b UPDATE 6-France meets Alstom bidders with pledge to protect jobs
t 'Cosmos' reboot brings the wonders of the universe to primetime
b House panel meeting in Fresno hears emotional impact of drought
e Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Celebrates Nirvana with Lorde, St. Vincent, Kim  ...
t Monday Moan – Let me delete stock iOS apps!
m A $1.39 bag of chips cost Walgreen $180000
e Miranda Lambert's Three Billboard Music Awards Outfits Show Off Singer's  ...
t Facebook Courts Journalists With Its "FB Newswire"
e Divergent Producers Hit Back At Comparisions To The Hunger Games: 'People  ...
b Bulls hold gains after big job gain
b Fed policy 'inappropriate' given progress: Plosser
t India, emerging world shine in Apple's iPhone show
m Two suspected Ebola cases in Sierra Leone: health ministry
t Paris bans car driving on alternate days as pollution levels worsen; offers free  ...
m Stem Cell Shock Articles Retracted
e 'Fargo,' a new FX miniseries not really based on the movie, debuts Tuesday
e Broadchurch Star Tipped For Bafta Success
b Filmmakers petition FAA to let them shoot movies with drones
m Ebola: Guinea Facing 'Unprecedented Epidemic'
t Astronomers find new type of planet: The “Mega-Earth”
e JUST IN: Versace's Haute Couture A/W '14 collection
e First Impressions Review: Noah
e 'The Purge: Anarchy' Review: 10 Things You Need to Know About the Savage  ...
b Insider Trading Alert - APOL, WABC And LH Traded By Insiders
t GM Hit With Lawsuit Over Ignition System Problem
m Source: Flight leaves for Liberia to evacuate Americans infected with Ebola
t NASA: Pluto-bound craft crosses Neptune orbit
t Century-old wreck found in San Francisco Bay was steamship headed to Eureka
b Judge: GM need not tell owners to park recall cars
t Apple should copy this Samsung Galaxy Tab S feature in next-gen iPads
t Microsoft should dump Windows Phone, says former Windows evangelist Robert  ...
e 'Bachelorette' runner-up's shocking sex confession
e Macklemore Offends Jewish Community With Stage Costume
m Lukewarm Response to AIDS in Manipur
m New York HIV/AIDS Epidemic: Governor Andrew Cuomo Plans to End Epidemic  ...
e Source: No more blackjack for Ben Affleck at Las Vegas casino
m Living with a silent killer
e Jodie Foster marries girlfriend Alexandra Hedison, Ellen DeGeneres' ex
b Europe's Taxi Drivers Decry Competition From 'Uber App'
m The Boston Marathon Bombings and PTSD in Kids: A Wake-Up Call
b New York prosecutors take on Barclays over 'dark pools' claim
m April in Autism Awareness Month
b Washington State To Start Recreational Pot Sales On Tuesday
t Want to see three supermoons? Mark these dates.
e Updated: Peaches Geldof dies, aged 25
e Georgia grand jury indicts Allman film producers in Sarah Jones' death
e 'The Bachelorette' spoilers: Josh Murray, Andi Dorfman, Nick Viall standings and  ...
t Xbox Early Access is Something Devs Want, Says ID@Xbox's Charla
b Stocks open lower ahead of Yellen testimony
e Confirmed: Kanye West Was Not Sad When He Went Zip-Lining in Mexico
e Dave Coulier Got Married And His Wedding Was A 'Full House' Reunion
m Clearing the air on e-cigs
t Google is virtually mocking Facebook with its low-tech 'Cardboard' VR headset
e Mick mourns ' lover and best friend' L'Wren
b Twitter reveals US$230m advertising deal with Omnicorp
t UPDATE 2-Novartis and Google to develop 'smart' contact lens
t Samsung May Unveil a Stand-Alone Smartwatch in the Coming Months
b US Department of Labor Investigates Two Separate Deaths at Amazon Facilities
m Do You Really Need to See Your Gyno Every Year?
t Did Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) Betrayed The Trust Of Its Users?
e X-Men: Days Of Future Past Takes A Flying Start At The Box Office In India
e Appreciating a Mother's Love
e 7 exciting details from JK Rowling's modern-day Harry Potter short story
e Coachella 2014: Festival celebrates Record Store Day
e HBO renews 'Silicon Valley' & 'Veep' for 2014/15 season
e St. Vincent to Perform on "Saturday Night Live" Season Finale
e Game of Thrones Season 4 Ep. 1 to air at the same time in UK as US
b More transparency could save industry billions
t Dominos Pizza Customer Data in Europe Has Been Stolen
t Spring Equinox Gets A Google Doodle (And Here's A Look Back At Some Others)
t Meteor shower expected to light up the sky this weekend
m Google Wants to Map the Genetics of Our Bodies
e REVIEW: The Leftovers Hurts, So Good
b Facebook acquires video ad company LiveRail for between US$500m
b Barclays shares rise, bucking losses on FTSE 100
t Apple iPhone 6 To Fail Full HD Expectations with 1704x960 Display
b If AbbVie Buys Shire, Dividend Investors Should Cheer
b U.S. stocks: Futures build on gains with Bank of America ahead
t Surface Mini Release Date News: Will The Tablet Be Unveiled At Microsoft's  ...
b Report: Apple on verge of buying Beats for $3.2B - WBOC-TV 16, Delmarvas  ...
m FDA gives approval to battery powered migraine prevention
e Victoria Beckham 'Wouldn't Be Where I Am' Without Husband David
e Spider-Man Villain Spin-Off 'Sinister Six' Gets Director
e Band Aid founder Bob Geldof's daughter Peaches dies aged 25
e Watch This Tonight: The Blacklist
b Target Fires Head Of Struggling Canadian Division
b BOJ Sticks With Easing as Analysts Delay Action Calls
t Living Materials Successfully Designed by Engineers
m Being more active may prevent gestational diabetes progressing to type 2
b EUR/USD remains capped by 1.3685 after PMIs
e Killin' it! Kim Kardashian and Kanye West stun Kendall Jenner while Kourtney  ...
b Zillow Acquiring Trulia for $3.5 Billion – The Good, the Bad and the Business
b Last Day for NYers To File Federal, State Taxes
b UPDATE 1-US insurers still expect cuts in 2015 Medicare payments
m Defective Sperm Indicates Possible Early Death
t Feds probe into Gm.s bankruptcy
b Herbalife Stock Price & Chart: Diet Supplement Company Stock Drops Amid  ...
e Zac Efron punched during a brawl in downtown LA
e Saturday Night Live: "Anna Kendrick/Pharrell Williams"
e Here's Why You Don't Want to Ever Mess With George Clooney
t Nintendo unveils Skylanders-esque Mario NFP figures
m BioDelivery Sciences shares rise on positive drug trial results
t General Motors recall: Faulty ignition switches replaced in GM vehicles starting  ...
m TV host Dr. Oz accused of peddling bogus drugs
m US regulators approve sale of robotic legs that help paralysed people walk
e EASTER WORSHIP
b Fitch Affirms Houston Airport's (Texas) Special Facilities Revs at 'A-'; Outlook  ...
e David Chase Finally Reveals Whether Or Not Tony Dies At The End Of 'The  ...
b JP Morgan 2014: Chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon Diagnosed with Cancer  ...
b Stock Market Today: Dow Turns Negative for the Year as Earnings Gloom Sets In
b 'Reinstate me or I'll sue': American Apparel's Dov Charney vows to win company  ...
t Domino's Pizza hit with mocking ransom demand after hackers steal 650000  ...
m Mammograms Save Lives
e Casino bans Ben Affleck for life
e Kids' Choice Awards 2014: Best and Worst Dressed
e Fargo TV series debuts with Billy Bob Thornton and Martin Freeman
t Twitter Testing Dramatically Redesigned Profiles On Mobile
e The Monument Man
m Morning Plum: What Sebelius' resignation says about the Obamacare debate
e TV's Colbert Report in slur stir over tweet
b Chinese Banks Lend Less in April
e Viral video: This girl doesn't want her brother to grow up
b Stocks close mostly higher on earnings; Apple up - WNCN: News, Weather
e The Big Screen: Tammy
e Harris admits admiring 13-year-old's bikini body
b Urban Outfitters Earnings Beat, Sales Miss
e The ring that says Clooney is serious
b Google's Very Clever Trick With Their Offshore $30 Billion Stash And Acquisitions
b Obama health care website stumbles under heavy traffic on deadline day for  ...
b Business digest
t Look Out, Apple: Google May Launch a Health-Data App
e Kourtney Kardashian pregnant: report
t Tesla Model X Reservation Holders Get Updated Note
b Commuter train derails, screeches up escalator at Chicago airport, hurting dozens
e Captain America The Winter Soldier Featurette: Meet the Villain!
m MERS patient released from Orlando-area hospital
e Beyonce hints at marital problems as she changes lyrics in song about cheating  ...
t Apple CEO Tim Cook dares to be different from Steve Jobs
t Pioneer Announces Apple CarPlay Compatibility For In-Dash Multimedia  ...
b July 3 Premarket Briefing: 10 Things You Should Know
e Jodie Foster marries her partner Alexandra Hedison
t Apple Recruits TAG Heuer Exec For iWatch
t New world found at solar system's edge
b Updates from JD Sports and Whitbread
m Health Tip: Protect Your Skin
e 8 Reasons That We Should All Love Stephen Colbert
e First Star Wars Spin Off Lands Godzilla Director and Release Date
e Peaches Geldof: Examining the sadness that can come from wealth
m Harmful Bacteria Are Frequent Flyers in Aircraft Cabins
b Jobless claims inch up, but remain near 7-year low
e ABC's 'The Bachelorette' 2014 spoilers: Andi heads to Belgium, things get crazy
t 780K minivans recalled over window switch
b The Bank of England has finally appointed a woman to the MPC
t Charter and Comcast Reach Deal Over Time Warner Acquisition
b Bitcoin Value and Price in Silk Road Auction: US Marshals Receive Offers From  ...
b Spanish CPI shock flags deflation euro deflation risks
b Publicis And Omnicom Agree To Terminate Proposed Merger Of Equals
e Denzel Washington kicks some in the trailer for The Equalizer (Video)
t Why brands should beware of Facebook's emotional engineering
e JEFF EDELSTEIN: Record Store Day celebrates the revival of vinyl
m 9 Tons of Hummus, Dips Sold at TJ's, Target Recalled
t No region of US untouched by climate change, but effects vary, report finds
m Suicide Rate Increased During U.S. Foreclosures: Study
t Galaxy Note 4's hottest secret feature may have just been revealed
b Both sides in Ukraine deny shooting down plane - 29 Minutes Ago
m Ebola outbreak 'most challenging' as Guinea deaths pass 100
e Busta Rhymes: Before and After he got fat
b Stocks surge as S&P 500 hits new record
b Oil Futures Ease, Brent Hovers Around $113 a Barrel
b Illinois targets student loan debt scams
m Niacin boosts risk of death
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Mini Release Date: Compact Smartphone With Fingerprint  ...
e Kim Kanye bigger NYC home: Couple needs a bigger home
e Author Gabriel Garcia Marquez dies aged 87
t Facebook will automatically ID what you're watching or listening
b Unemployment Benefits Extension 2014: US Economy Forecast to Grow 1.5  ...
t Sony, Shanghai Oriental Pearl to set up PlayStation joint venture in China
m We Really Don't Like Being Alone With Our Thoughts
t Amazon Readies Free Video Streaming Service - Report
t Apple close to making its biggest ever acquisition
m The Eyes Are In Focus At The Alzheimer's Association International Conference
t Mustangs hit Sioux Falls streets to celebrate milestone
t Snapchat Charged for Deceiving its Users Regarding the App's Privacy
b Can Dean Baquet save Times Digital?
b Slow Start to Spring Selling Season Hurts Home Depot Sales
b Rolls-Royce to return £1bil to investors, shares jump
m Study Shows That Friends Share Similarities in DNA
t China probes Microsoft for 'monopoly'
t Office for iPad To Be Announced at March 27 Event, Report Says
b IBM beats revenue estimates as company focuses on big data, cloud
e Paul McCartney cancels South Korean concert
e Croatian Church Smites Cersei Lannister Nudity, Blocks 'Game of Thrones' Filming
e With palm branches and singing, coastal Alabama churches will kick off Holy Week
e Sajak receiving backlash over climate change tweet
t UK data protection authority to speak to Facebook about psychological study on  ...
e Tearful actress Lindsay Lohan uses her own reality TV programme to reveal how  ...
t Apple reportedly poaches TAG sales guy in order to claim iWatch is 'Swiss made'
e Tickets to Doctor Who season 8 premiere go on sale Monday
b Ex-NY Times editor pulls out of Brandeis commencement
e Perez Recommends
m No more pelvic exams?
e Chris Martin Performs at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Induction Ceremony  ...
m Minnesota Bans Anti-bacterial Chemical From Soaps
e Fathers have ability to mess up their sons: Andrew Garfield
b Stocks Close Mostly Higher On Upbeat Consumer Confidence Data - U.S.  ...
t CMO Today: NFL Pivotal to AT&T's DirecTV Deal
e Wayne Knight Death Hoax: Seinfeld's Newman Reportedly Died in a Car Accident
t Windows XP no longer has Microsoft support
e Brad Pitt's 'Maleficent' Prankster was going in for the GROIN?!
e Viral video: 20 strangers asked to kiss for the first time
e Jamie Foxx Will Portray Mike Tyson in an Upcoming Biopic
e Holy Week 2014: Stories of Jesus; Best Movies to Watch
e Dr. Dre Tweets Out Cast Pic and Release Date for 'Straight Outta Compton' Biopic
m Seasonal allergies hit coming and going
b Credit Suisse pleads guilty to helping wealthy avoid taxes
m Organic foods may help prevent cancer: Study
t Most Active Options Update: General Motors Company (GM)
t New iPhone 6 screens to enter production as early as May: report
e Meryl Davis and Maksim Chmerkovskiy win Dancing with the Stars
e Amazon next up to launch streaming music service
e Easter 1A, John 20:1-18 – Disney's Frozen & the Resurrection
b Sector Update: Consumer
t Microsoft shows off their Windows in the Car infotainment system [video]
e Roger Ebert: A life in (and beyond) film
t Rumor: Facebook Working on a Snapchat Competitor to Launch as Separate App?
t UPDATE 1-IBM to offer iPads and iPhones for business users
e Scott Derrickson Will Direct Doctor Strange Film For Marvel Studios
e Jonah Hill Caught Using Homophobic Slur, Later Apologizes
e New Dawn of the Planet of the Apes Trailer Released
t Office for iPad Launch on 27 March to Bring $2.5 Billion Windfall for Microsoft
b Wall Street ends lower; S&P 500 in biggest 3-day drop since January
m Cost of Hepatitis C drug spurs revolt
e Spoilers are out: Who will be 'The Bachelor' in 2015?
m Study: Gay Men Who Use Hook-Up Apps Have Higher STD Risk
e Just Blaze Recalls Struggle Engineer Who Tried To Extort Jay Z For $20M  ...
e 'Cap 2' better than ever before
t Fan TV Video Platform To Showcase TWC TV
b SNC-Lavalin to Buy Kentz for $1.97 Billion for Oil, Gas
e True Detective Season 2 Will Have A California Setting And 3 Leads
e The Jesuses and Marys of movies
e Jamie Foxx to play Mike Tyson in new biopic
t Google Now rolling out to stable Chrome builds, desktop users should see it soon
t Facebook acquires virtual reality headset maker Oculus VR for $2Bn
e Muppets Most Wanted movie review: A mediocre fare, punctuated with run-of-the  ...
e Why did Ryan Gosling want Rachel McAdams fired from The Notebook? Director  ...
b Administration releases methane strategy
m Happily disgusted or sadly angry?
e Star Wars: Episode VII cast announced, includes original trilogy actors
b Whiting gets an amazing deal for Kodiak - too good to be true?
b Alibaba files papers for US stock listing bid
t China Voice: Microsoft probe nothing more than routine
e Watch the first teaser for Hercules, starring Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson
e 'Notebook' Stars Ryan Gosling & Rachel McAdams Fought On Set, Director  ...
b Biz Bits
b Business Highlights
b SardVerb, Rubenstein Front Raid on Allergan
e Jay Z and Beyonce Release Mini-Movie 'Run' Starring Sean Penn, Jake  ...
b ATSB releases MH370 search tender
t Google to develop smart contact lens that can monitor glucose levels in eye
e Jay Leno to receive Mark Twain prize for American humor
e Earth to Echo Director Dave Green Talks Family Friendly Sci-Fi and More
b Wall Street in a sea of red; Pfizer, MannKind shed
e Casey Kasem: America's DJ
t iPhone 6 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 4: Feature Comparison of Upcoming Next  ...
e Surfing and sailing pioneer Hobart Alter dead at 80
m Researchers discover a blood test for suicide risk
b Consumers, restaurants react to highest beef prices since 1987
e Kim Kardashian feels she will get pregnant soon
e Sean Lowe And Catherine Giudici, Former 'Bachelor' Star Says Andi Dorfman  ...
t Mercedes-Benz Recalls 253000 C-Class Cars Over Trunk Fires
e Why Did Michael Jace Shoot Wife April Jace? Shield Actor Arrested for Murder
b GDP grew 2.6% in fourth quarter
b Tiffany Posts Downbeat Q4 Earnings, Issues Weak Outlook
e 'Mad Men' recap: Doing it their way
e Kristen Bell & Dax Shepard Expecting Second Child
e Inside Ryan Gosling's 'Lost River' Premiere in Cannes (Photos)
e 2014 Met Gala: Beyoncé & Jay Z Rule The Red Carpet (PHOTOS)
e First Look at Unworthy, Unemployed Thor After Girl Takes His Job
t Rearview Cameras Required on New Vehicles by May 2018
m Microbes living in human placentas may impact pregnancy: study
e Watch: First teaser of King Joffrey being a douche at Game of Thrones Purple  ...
t LG G Watch Review - Sleek, But Too Much Swiping
e Jack White Makes the 'World's Fastest Record' at Third Man Records, 4/19/14
m Serelaxin CHF Bid Trounced by FDA Panel
t MotoGP Austin: Marquez faster again in second session
e Frozen on ice coming to St. Louis
m A Robotic Suit Made It Possible For A Paralyzed Man To Kick Off The World Cup
e Game of Thrones Season 4 Spoilers: King Joffrey Dead!? YouTube Reacts To  ...
e Finally Some Good News For Bieber! No Charges Raised In Alleged Phone  ...
b How Barclays could fire 7000 investment bankers
e Rolf Harris faces fresh allegations of abuse after being convicted of carrying out  ...
b Emirates finalises US$56bn B777X order
e 'Busted' book coming to TV with Sarah Jessica Parker starring
m Officials need help to reduce mosquito population
b commodities: Gold steadies
b India's Foreign Minister slams 'unacceptable' surveillance by the US
e Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie might star in another movie together
e Circus Performers Upgraded From Critical to Serious Condition After Accident in  ...
m Phusion, Makers Of Four Loko, Reach Settlement Over Consumer Violations
e TPL Clip How to Eat Pot: Less Is More TPL Clip
m Michelle Obama takes on school meal critics, as House GOP bill advances
t After strong Q2 results, investors hanker for Apple's next big product innovation
e Prince obtains rights to his biggest songs recorded for Warner Brothers
t Facebook Unveils Nearby Friends
t HTC One M8 Unveiled Today!
e Elton John & David Furnish Feel It Is Their 'Duty' To Marry
b Ky. agriculture officials receive hemp shipment - ABC-7.com WZVN News for Fort  ...
t Facebook launches privacy checkup tool, gives users more control on sharing
t 10 Reasons It's a Bad Idea to Be a Google Glass Early Adopter
m Study: Heavy TV Viewing Increases Risk of Early Mortality
t Flappy Bird Creator Teases Us With A Screenshot Of His Upcoming Game
t Facebook's secret mood experiment: have you lost trust in the social network?
t Twitter's New Profile Page Is Now Available For Everyone
e Hip-Hop Rumors: Is Chris Brown Going Crazy In Jail? Rihanna Cries!
t These Custom 3-D Printed Headphones Offer Antidote To Apple's Beats
b European stock markets higher before ECB rate call
m Five myths about mosquito bites
b Asiana Says Boeing's 777 Needs More Cockpit Warnings on Airspeed
e Film review: 'Transcendence' fails to transcend
m FDA May Ban Selling E-Cigarettes to Minors
t Facebook's $2 Billion Goggles Are NOTHING Compared To An iPad Strapped  ...
e Foster weds girlfriend (w/video)
b FTC urges transparency among data brokers
m Giant panda in China may have faked pregnancy for the perks
e Guardians of the Galaxy: Best Story Ever Digital Comic Now Available
b Culture war powers Hong Kong's democracy protests
t Ex-Microsoft employee charged with leaking trade secrets to blogger
t Censorship claims as Google cuts search results
b Phil Mickelson Just Wants to Play Some Golf, as Insider Trading Case Stalls
t Warming Melts Last Stable Edge of Greenland Icesheet
t Facebook Users Should Not Be Surprised by "Social Experiment"
t Will Flappy Bird fly again? Developer is 'considering it'
t Relive The Moon Landings, Even If You Weren't Alive in 1969
e Marketing Campaign Lessons from the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge
e Rolling Stones to play first concert in Israel on June 4
t Gingrich Slams 'New Fascism' That Brought Down Mozilla CEO Over Gay  ...
m Firm to halt production of 'binge-in-a-can' drinks
t Discovery bolsters Big Bang theory
t NASA Visualization Shows Air Quality Improving Across the US But is the Trend  ...
b Ukraine mayor shot; hundreds attacked at rally
m Scientists hoping to ease interpretation of the DNA 'book of life'
m Jim Kelly starts Second Battle with Oral Cancer, Says Jill Kelly
e James Gunn Talks Josh Brolin's Thanos in Guardians of the Galaxy Movie
b A flood of big-name earnings reports: Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley  ...
b Giant fish tank springs leak at Disney restaurant
e Dates for Eminem and Rihanna's 'The Monster' Tour Announced
b Business PC Demand Boosts Intel's Second Quarter Forecast
b Indian economy to gain momentum, may grow 4.9% this year: OECD
e English actor triumphs as eccentric artist, while the Turkish film 'Winter Sleep  ...
b Analyst Upgrades: Hewlett-Packard Company, Best Buy Co Inc, and Marvell  ...
m India officially declared polio-free
m WHO Recommends Mandatory Polio Vaccination for Pakistanis Traveling Abroad
t Google, Norvartis Partner on Medical Applications of Smart Contact Lenses
t Amazon's Firefly Feature Scans the World Around You, and Lets You Buy It
e Film Review: Aronofsky's 'Noah' goes beyond belief
t Study: Bigfoot hair samples mostly from bears, wolves
b AOL debuts ONE, wants to revolutionize digital advertising
t AT&T Extends 4G LTE to Mississippi - Analyst Blog
e Guardians of the Galaxy (3D)
m World Health Organization declares public health emergency amid polio surge
b AT&T, Chernin Pour $500M Into Online Video JV
e 'SNL': Pharrell makes viewers happy
t Microsoft: We'll No Longer Search Your Personal Email, Even If We Think You  ...
b Bank of America: About That Dividend Increase…
e Adam Richman's New Travel Channel Show Postponed
e Big Brother 16: Week 1 Eviction & Heads of Household Results
e The Black Keys announce tour with a Denver date
m Restaurants Pose Double the Risk of Food Poisoning Compared to Homes
m Merck's Hepatitis C Drug Makes Important Progress
b Bank of Japan holds steady despite tax hike
e Transformers 4 Is Just Plain Awful
t Google's self-driving car is getting educated on city street driving
t Indiana climate report: hotter temps, heavier rain
t Apple releases iOS 7.1, complete with CarPlay support and UI changes
t United to roll out in-flight entertainment for iOS devices in April
b Merkel, in Athens, praises Greek reform progress - WNCN: News, Weather
e Transcendence taught Johnny Depp
b IRS to Treat Bitcoins as Property, not Currency for Tax Purposes
e Chris Colfer's Twitter Gets Hacked, Fans Proceed to Lose Their Minds
m CDC: Autism rates rise in children by 30 percent
t Hill Climb notes: Colorado Springs motorcycle rider becomes YouTube 'smash'
b Despite Russia's boasts, deal with China leaves it playing second fiddle
b Priceline to acquire OpenTable; Ford overstated fuel efficiency; Tesla shares  ...
e Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles First Trailer
m Medina County ranked No. 4 healthiest in state for second consecutive year
e Rolf Harris found guilty of 12 counts of indecent assault
e Kudos for David Cronenberg at Cannes Film Festival
t Amazon Announces Kindle Unlimited, All-You-Can-Eat eBook Subscription  ...
t Sky-gazers enjoy rare 'Blood moon' in first of 4 eclipses this year
e Zach Galifianakis Is Heading Back to TV With Help From Louis C.K.
e Hollywood Boycotts Famed Hot Spots Over Islamic Law
b Emirates chief asks why no fighter jet tracked MH370
e What Time And Channel Are Billboard Music Awards 2014? Watch Red Carpet  ...
e Cory Matthews & Topanga Lawrence: 5 Fast Facts You Need to Know
t Governments warn of Heartbleed bug threat
e Lamar Odom Gains Weight, He's 'Drug-Free'
e Pippa Middleton Opens Up About Her "Very Funny" Nephew Prince George
m Keisha's Fighting Like a Girl
e Offensive tweet launches #CancelColbert trend, but Stephen Colbert says he's  ...
b Consumer Confidence Dips In Florida
t Google foresees advertising all over connected home
t The 5 Awesome New Features of the Latest Google Maps Update
b Japan FTA to give wine exports a boost
b Barclays bank sued by NY attorney general after fraud allegations
e Mickey Rooney Dead at 93
b Friday April 18's Best Quoted Mortgage Rates at US Bank - 30yr FRM Holds at  ...
b Lindt Acquires Russell Stover
e What is Gweyneth Paltrow's conscious uncoupling mean?
t Microsoft shows off real-time universal speech translator for Skype, coming in 2014
e UP Premiere Movie, THE PASSION OF THE CHRIST, is Network's Strongest  ...
e Taylor Swift Tops Rich List With $40 Million Earned Last Year
b Report – GM to invest $450 million in Michigan factories
b Jackson's Ronald McDonald featured in Taco Bell commercial
e Game of Thrones The Musical is here: The West End is coming
t Dinosaur Tracks in Utah Ready to be opened to Public
b UK manufacturing keeps up strong growth rate in May - PMI
t Jury: Samsung must pay Apple 119.6 million in damages
e 'Reading Rainbow' host LeVar Burton strives to bring the show to tablets  ...
m Stop performing routine pelvic exams on women, says American medical group
b Watch Out: Intimidating Scammers Calling Taxpayers and Demanding They Owe  ...
b Report: Health premiums rose significantly in 2014
e Mick Jagger Remembers Girlfriend L'Wren Scott: 'I Will Never Forget Her'
t Pluto's moon may have had an underground ocean
b Arkansans should see small rise in gas prices for Memorial Day period
b John Kerry hopes to redefine US-India partnership
t Sony PSP Handheld Games Console Discontinued In Japan
e Optimus Prime fights three villains in Transformers: Age of Extinction
b Hertz Global Holdings - Trading Review
e Miley Cyrus wears Marijuana onesie as she play fights with Avril Lavigne on  ...
m Durham company to provide drug to sick boy
t Samsung Galaxy?? S5 Breaks the Mold with Improved Breakability Score in  ...
e John C Reilly and Jane Goodall Talk About DisneyNature's 'Bears!'
b Cement giants Lafarge and Holcim in merger talks
b High fees eroding many 401(k)s
b JPMorgan to Invest $100 Million in Detroit Revival Over 5 Years
b FTSE 100 movers: Rolls-Royce soars on £1bn buyback proposal
e 'Game of Thrones' recap: Let the game of Clue begin
b Consumer Confidence Hits Six-Year High in March
e Beyonce's Mrs Carter Tour: Star Bursts Into Tears During The Final Show As It  ...
e 'Dancing with the Stars' recap: It's tug on your heartstrings week
t Android Wear Based Samsung Gear Live And LG G Watch Come To India Play  ...
e James Franco and Seth Rogen spoof Kim and Kanye's Vogue cover
e Zara Had To Stop Selling This Dubious "Sheriff" T-Shirt
m A second case of the MERS virus has been identified in the US
e Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian taken by surprise with confetti ambush
e Movie studios' bid to sue Kim Dotcom a 'war of attrition' - lawyer
b United Insurance Holdings Corp. to Join Russell 3000®, Russell 2000®, and  ...
e Nick Cannon Shrugs Off Racism Row As He Arrives To DJ At Las Vegas Nightclub
t Supreme Court Delivers Death Blow To Aereo
b Multi-Month Price Consolidation In The Cards?
t New version of Android coming today: Lollipop, Licorice or Ladoo?
b Nadella unveils mobile managment suite for iPad, and eventually Android
e The Top Photo Tweets From This Year's Comic-Con
e Official: 'GMA' Names Michael Strahan as Correspondent
m Bionic ear technology helps re-grow auditory nerves for first time ever
e Robin Williams in talks to reprise 'Mrs. Doubtfire' sequel
t UN: No one on planet will avoid climate woes
e Lindsay Lohan sues 'Grand Theft Auto V' maker for allegedly using her likeness  ...
m Some e-cigarettes deliver a puff of carcinogens
t Mars Curiosity Rover Marks First Martian Year Of Research
e Ryan Lewis Confronts Macklemore And Ryan Lewis Fans, Asks If They Know  ...
e Serkis' ape role tough on legs
e Got a Tip? Send it to us
e 'The Walking Dead' Showrunner Scott Gimple On Life In The Writer's Room  ...
e WATCH : Ariana Grande Releases Fierce "Bang Bang" Music Video
e George Clooney: The Ladies He's Loved
t LG event start time, live stream and blog roundup
e Johnny Depp engaged to Amber Heard, 'Transcendence' actor shows off 'chick's  ...
t Obama Administration Opens Eastern Seaboard To Oil Drilling Surveys
b Argentina on verge of loans default for third time in three decades, but President  ...
e Mercury Opinion: The honours system has to change
t Android Silver May Replace the Nexus line: Nexus 6 Release Date Update
b News Corp, 21st Century Fox shares set to fall
b Oracle Corporation: ORACLE REPORTS GAAP EPS UP 8% to 56 CENTS, NON  ...
b IATA calls for global mindset for commercial aviation's next century
t UN climate change report warns of dire future for Med
m Scientists generate reproductive organs, vaginas in lab
b Tokyo stocks close up 0.46pc at fresh six-month high
t Amazon set to enter smartphone market to take on Samsung, Apple
e 'Sabotage': A brutal, bloody, gruesomely funny Arnold Schwarzenegger shoot  ...
m Terri fights tough battle against terminal cancer
t Google/YouTube Could Buy Game-Streaming Service Twitch For $1bn
m Reprimanded Over Rihanna: EMT Busted Over Dance Driving
b European Central Bank chief Draghi notes risk of inflation remaining low
e George W. Bush avoided dedication of Sept. 11 Memorial because of emotions it  ...
e What Mom Really Wants for Mother's Day (It's Not Flowers)
b Tax refund delays hurt Wal-Mart's US sales
e Denzel Washington Takes Out The Trash In The First Equalizer Trailer
e Paul Walker News: Dead Star's Brothers To Complete Filming for 'Fast And  ...
e Holy Week Around The World: How Christians Commemorate The Last Week Of  ...
e Fox Making Big Changes Every On Most Every Night
b Pfizer's designs on AstraZeneca stir tax envy among rivals
e Power Rangers coming to big screen
b Trading The UK CPI Y/Y Release, April 15, 2014
m FDA acne alert cites potentially deadly reactions, side effects
t Ford Mustang 50th Anniversary Edition to pay tribute to fastbacks of the past
e Frances Bean Cobain admonishes Lana Del Rey for romanticizing an early death
e Ellie Goulding is on Fire Performing at Weekend Two of Coachella!
e Aronofsky offers complex account of biblical tale
b Russian-Chinese gas deal not to affect EU supplies: IEA
e Justin Bieber Responds To Seth Rogen Diss
t How to root the Samsung Galaxy Pro 12.2 with Android 4.4.2
t Samsung Galaxy S5 wireless charging cases debut in back cover, S-View Flip  ...
e Feisty, funny Elaine Stritch remembered
t Wii U problem isn't getting better, according to Nintendo finance report
b Houston dominates Fortune 500 list again
b EUROPE MARKETS: European Stocks Higher Ahead Of Inflation Report
b Pfizer Chief Enters Lion's Den of UK Politics to Sell AstraZeneca Deal
t Minecraft creator Notch on why he doesn't like Facebook in the wake of Oculus  ...
t Detection of waves in space buttresses landmark theory of Big Bang
e AKB48 News: Man With Saw Attacks Group in Tokyo, Leaving Anny Iriyama and  ...
b BlackBerry proves analysts wrong; reports profit
t EMC eyes software defined storage, courts hybrid data centers
e Ria Eaton – When I'm Gone – The Voice 2014 Blind Auditions
m Doctors Warn Pregnant Woman about Iodine Deficiency
e The trailer and poster for Gone Girl have arrived
e Chelsea Handler Disses Justin Bieber In Front Of Selena Gomez — Watch
t Possible MacBook Pro Spec Bump Revealed In-Store
b Obamacare Website Takes a Dump on Obamacare Enrollment Deadline
b Apple banking on Beats co-founder Jimmy Iovine to steer it through changing  ...
e Smile! 5 Books to Celebrate International Day of Happiness.
b Target CEO's ouster shows increasing company focus on cyber attacks
e Ann Hornaday on her Elliot Rodger YouTube video column, the response and a  ...
t Climate change could reduce food supply: Report
t Netflix: UHD TV still 5 years from mainstream
e Frieze New York 2014
m Vials of smallpox discovered in US govt storage room
e #SXSW Music Meets Tech Meetup: Tuesday March 11th 12:30-1:30PM
t Biting Flies Behind Zebra's Stripes
b BOJ's Kuroda tries to talk down yen
b Twitter Revs Explode To $312M
t Newly Discovered Dwarf Planet Redefines Solar System's Edge
t Microsoft Confirms PC Compatibility Coming for all Xbox One Controllers
t Is this the 50th Anniversary Mustang Special Edition?
b RBI leaves policy rates unchanged in first bi-monthly review
e Talking With Michael Jackson Inspired Justin Timberlake To Go Solo
t FTC claims T-Mobile ripped off customers
t Surface Pro 3 vs iPad Air comparison: Surface Pro is twice the device... but you'll  ...
t Google conference underway; New software and Glass details expected
b Geithner Suggested Hillary Clinton As Possible Successor
t Samsung 'puzzled' as South Korean carriers upstage Galaxy S5 launch with  ...
e WTF Is Avril Lavigne Doing In This New Video For Hello Kitty?
t Project 21's Cooper Says Obama Internet Retreat is WWWrong
b Two Dead After Train Strikes Vehicle In Mansfield
e Emmys 2014: Breaking Bad, Modern Family and Veep among big winners
b Analysis: Alstom plumps for GE deal
b As Malaysia Airlines Faces Overhaul, Are There Lessons From Japan?
b Kerry seeks reboot in India-US relations
e Facebook knows where to go on Mother's Day
b Exxon Mobil Is Falling After Reporting Reduced Production
b US Budget Gap Narrows to Smallest Since 2007, CBO Says
b Orders Propel U.S. Service Industries as Sales Improve
b China factory activity at fastest pace in over 2 years
e 9 Things We Learned From 'Marvel Studios: Assembling a Universe'
b Linn Energy Buys Devon Assets: Assessing the Deal
b Factory Production Heats Up In Sign Of 2nd-Quarter Economic Rebound
t The First Earth-Sized, Habitable Zone Exoplanet Has Been Found. Dibs.
e EXCLUSIVE: Melissa McCarthy gets fired by husband Ben Falcone in new  ...
b World stocks mostly higher on US optimism
b UK retail sales soften by 0.5% in May
e LISTEN: To Michael Jackson's new album Xscape IN FULL at 8pm on heat radio  ...
t This Ring Could Allow The Blind To Read Printed Text Instantly
t Apple plans to launch larger, 12.9-inch iPad in 2015: Report
e We go all CSI on Zac Efron: Why his Skid Row story is bunk
b Euro zone private sector on strong footing
t Manuel Noriega sues Activison over 'Call of Duty: Black Ops II'
b Do You Trust Elon Musk? Tesla Analyst Says You Should
e Star Wars Episode VII: JJ Abrams Announces Force For Change Campaign
e Jessica Simpson Flubbed Her Wedding Vows To Eric Johnson
e Frank Darabont in Talks to Direct Snow White and the Huntsman Spinoff
e Even Victoria Beckham's gone "folk". Look at her in wellies and a jumper. Also  ...
e This TV trend makes me want to throw up
b Detroit museum announces $26.8 million in gifts
e Star Wars: Episode VII Has Already Begun Filming
t Office for iPad: What you need to know…
e SXSW 2014 Review: NEIGHBORS Goes Directly For The Raunch
b Federal prosecutors open criminal probe of GM recall: source
b Tyson Foods Profit Doubles But Lags Expectations
e Chris Evans on 'Captain America 2,' Robert Redford Love, and 'Avengers 2  ...
m Nickel In iPad and Other Devices Can Cause Rash - Report Says
t Dozens of Apple users woke to find their iPhones had been hacked. Source  ...
t Beats By Dr. Dre is Worth $3.2 Billion, Especially To Apple
e Gwar Frontman Dave Brockie Found Dead At 50
t Advanced Hypersonic Weapons Test Aborted at Kodiak Launch Site
e Purple Power: The Definitive 101 Greatest Prince Songs
b Emirates chief: No fighter jet tracked MH370
e RZA Talks About Wu-Tang Affiliate Andre Johnson's Suicide Attempt
b Annual inflation rate - CPI falls to 1.6% for year to Mch 2014; RPI down to 2.5%
b US stock futures rise amid deals activity, Citigroup earnings
e Seth Rogen Slays Third 'Saturday Night Live' Gig, Mocks James Franco
e Emmys 2014 red carpet fashion: The best and worst looks
b Motorola Solutions Inc (MSI) Releases Q1 Earnings Guidance
e Kurt Cobain gets comic book tribute on anniversary of death
e Jenny McCarthy Announces Her First Job After 'The View'
e 'Guardians of the Galaxy' Post-Credits Scene: Is That Really Who You Think It Is?
b What's missing in mortgage settlements?
b Spanish, Italian Bond Yields Drop to Records on Economy Optimism
b What Credit Suisse's guilty plea for tax evasion means
t Google offering up dummy Glass units to prospective buyers [UPDATE]
t Apple grabs TAG Heuer sales chief in tipped iWatch push
t General Motors orders dealers to stop selling Chevrolet Cruzes
t Cyberattack breached National Research Council system holding personal data
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West married?
e Jimmy Kimmel's Celebrities Mean Tweeters Revealed -- Read Their Hilarious  ...
e Drake drops out of headlining Wireless Festival 2014
b Red Lobster's Biggest Fan Gives Advice to the Chain's New Owners
b New product heats tobacco rather than burning it
b More than 100 arrested as McDonald's workers protest low wages
e Hobie Alter, Known as The Henry Ford of Surfing, Dies at 80
t Click It or Ticket campaign begins today
t Titanfall's latest patch addresses balance and glitches
t Recall: 887000 Honda Odyssey minivans for leaking fuel
b Oil falls; Russia dials down temperature on Ukraine
e Lena Dunham Apologizes for Uncle Molestation Joke
t Tech from the Future: Android Wear | Hire Android App Developer, Excellent  ...
t Microsoft and Nokia finally tying the knot on April 25th
t Samsung launches Galaxy S5 Mini
b SunTrust Reaches Settlement on Mortgage Modifications
b Friendly nations do not snoop on each other: Sushma Swaraj to John Kerry
b Dow Futures Continues at New Historic Highs
e Father's Day Weekend Box Office Battle
t Microsoft Surface Pro 3 rumours appear ahead of 20 May launch event
e Family, Friends Gather at Peaches Geldof's Easter Monday Funeral
m Health Highlights: April 29, 2014
e Thousands "On the Run" to see Jay Z & Beyonce
e What Karrueche Tran Is Saying About Her Relationship With Chris Brown!
e Box Office Shocker: Friday Shows 'Guardians of the Galaxy' Headed for $90M  ...
t HTC One M8 vs Galaxy S5 in-store battle begins
t Microsoft Defends Bundling Kinect With Xbox One at Launch
t Brendan Eich's ouster shows lynch mob at work
e Eminem Pleads For Mother's Forgiveness In 'Headlights' Music Video (WATCH)
e Jay-Z Cheating On Beyonce With Mya? Rapper Plays 'Sugar Daddy,' Twitter  ...
b US wins over China at World Trade Organisation case on luxury cars
t Facebook Inc (FB) researcher apologizes for psychology experiment
t Sector Update: Tech Technology
e Elizabeth Olsen: Engaged to Boyd Holbrook? (Report)
e Rapper Wale Explains Scuffle With Hater at WWE Event
m Alferon(R) N Effective Against MERS (Middle East Respiratory Syndrome) Virus  ...
t IPCC speaks, but is the government listening?
e 'Fargo,' TV review
t There's No Laundry in Space, So NASA is Trying to Make Clothes That Don't Get  ...
t Safeguard Your Online Life Against Heartbleed Bug
e Lorde Is Curating The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Soundtrack
e `Grease Live` to air on TV
e Kiefer Sutherland confused by Prinze, Jr. blast
e Game Of Thrones star Kit Harington's hair has its own contract. Yes. Really.
b What Is Pushing Stock Market Higher?
b US stocks mixed after Fed report
e Lindsay Lohan is Now Actually Suing Rockstar for Grand Theft Auto V
b Euro hanging on to key support
e 'The Voice' Recap: Things Get 'Crazy' As Blind Auditions Continue
b New York set to win huge Alibaba IPO
t 'Breaking Bad' Star Aaron Paul Has The Power To Turn On Your Xbox One
e Gunman in California rampage 'was able to fly under the radar'
e Kristen Stewart Makes Directorial Debut With A Music Video For "Sage and The  ...
b US Navy SEALs recapture the oil tanker Morning Glory from Libyan rebels
m Reports Link iPads To Unexplained Rashes
t Graphic texting while driving ad to hit the airwaves Monday
m No more shots: Flu mist is better for children
t 7 Apple WWDC Rumors That Turned Out To Be False
t Governments warns about zero-day Internet Explorer vulnerability
e Kelly Clarkson Announces Birth of Daughter on Facebook, Twitter
e Watch: Go Back in Time with Siskel & Ebert's TV Debut from 1975
m Meditate for 25 mins to keep yourself stress-free
e Justin Bieber and Kendall Jenner to Star in Calvin Klein Underwear Ad Together  ...
e 'Batman V Superman:' Jason Momoa Sees Himself As An 'Anti-Hero,' Not  ...
t Samsung's dire earnings preview should scare every smartphone maker
b EPA: Some of Our Emails Have Been Lost as Well
e 'Batman v. Superman v. Kramer' and Other Sequels We Need
b Report: AT&T in talks to acquire DirecTV for $50 billion
t Microsoft announces the Surface Pro 3: A 12-inch tablet that replaces your laptop
e New trailer for future X-Men: Days Of Future Past movie now in the past
b Amazon sales jump to almost $20bn
b UPDATE 1-UK retail sales fall in May for first time since January
b NZ crew 'very determined' to find traces of MH370
b Lack of banking opens private-money doors for marijuana properties
b EUR Huffs And Puffs But Still Contained
e Dawn of a new era
t Motorola Moto G and Moto X to get Android L is fake
t UN climate committee 'optimistic' on chances of managing climate change risks
b The Number of Americans Applying for Jobless Benefits Ticks Up Slightly
b Subsidies May Be Too High Or Low For Some Who Got Coverage
b US stocks drift lower after weak PMI
t Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg apologizes for psychological News Feed  ...
e Michelle Obama's China-Tour Style; Stella McCartney Designs a 'Maleficent  ...
t Arctic Ocean waves: Huge 16-feet swells breakup Arctic ice, prompting concerns
e Lana Del Rey CD review: Ultraviolence
b Dow Analyst Moves: GE
b Specter of deflation in Europe spooks economists
b Could Marijuana Interest “Big Tobacco” Companies?
e Movie review: 'Transformers: Age of Extinction'
e Movie Review
e PonoPlayer: Neil Young's HD iPod competitor hitting Kickstarter for $399
e 'Star Wars': One Fan To Appear In 'Episode VII'
b Duggan Says More Parks Will Open This Year, Thanks to Volunteers
b Obamacare Plans Limit Access to Life-Saving Prescriptions
t 48GB Titanfall PC install size is to make the game run better on low-spec machines
b It's IPO uh-oh for Candy Crush maker
t Element 117 poised to enter superheavyweight division
e 'Sharknado' sequel has bite, lots of laughs
e Celebrity News Angelina Jolie reacts to Queen's Birthday Honor
t Nuclear bombs may flop compared to asteroids hitting Earth
b GM, lawyers fight over bankruptcy protections
t A Recap of Everything Apple Is Planning to Give to Consumers
t Apple unveils Shazam integration at WWDC 14
b Cogent: Comcast forced Netflix with clever traffic clogging
e 'The Bachelorette' Episode 8 Recap: A Family Affair
e Rob's 'photo phobia'
e Sheen anger at Rihanna over no-meet
t Ohio gas prices go up again
e Stars of movie "22 Jump Street" to serve as grand marshals at Pocono 400
t Time-travel possible with Google maps
b Draghi says ECB may act after sees June forecasts
b Holdout creditors oppose Argentina's stay request
b Gold Climbs To 19-Week High On Ukraine Tension
e Girl Meets World's Ben Savage: "We're Telling a New Story"
t Jay Meehan: Net neutrality
e Kimye's daughter North West becomes target of racist remark on flight
t 5 awesome LG G3 features that make the Galaxy S5 look obsolete
e Actor Shia LaBeouf arrested for disorderly conduct at Cabaret performance
e For those caught using illegal fireworks, injuries could be the least of your  ...
t Six New Glass Apps in the Directory: Shazam, The Guardian, a Zombie Game  ...
t Facebook drones to expand global internet access
e I may quit acting: Megan Fox
b NTSB faults pilots in deadly Asiana crash
m Ebola outbreak: $100 million response plan in West Africa
t Don't Be Fooled: FCC Chairman Appears Determined to F Up the Internet
b Lachlan Murdoch returns to family fold at News and Fox
b Officials Say India Will Not Bow to Pressure to Sign WTO Trade Deal Before  ...
t NASA may Test Saucer-Shaped Vehicle on Tuesday
e 'American Idol' 2014: Are Caleb Johnson and Sam Woolf Safe? Where to Watch  ...
e Casey Kasem Dies at 82 on Father's Day
t Microsoft Surface Pro 3 Release Date, Specs & Features: Will Tablet Replace  ...
t Nasa's CO2 research spacecraft reaches orbit
t Google bans porn ads, sort of
m Understanding Alzheimer's: Part 2 of 3
m Acting Secretary of Veterans Affairs Sloan Gibson to visit El Paso on Friday
e Gwyneth Paltrow's Insane 'Working Mom' Comments Spark Hilarious Backlash
m Florida Chikungunya cases double in two weeks
e Texas Tech Cheerleader Kendall Jones' Hunting Sparks Outrage (PHOTOS)
b In quiet mourning
e 'X-Men' Box Office Looking Strong Despite Bryan Singer Scandal
b Morning markets: benign US weather undermines wheat again
b USDA Data Pushes Farm Markets Down
t Apple expands buybacks by $30 bln, OKs stock split
m Alcohol kills one person every 10 seconds worldwide: WHO
e Ciara names baby boy Future Zahir Wilburn R&B star CIARA has named her  ...
e All Garth Brooks concerts cancelled
t Review: Microsoft Surface Pro 2 vs Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro 10.1 – Price and  ...
e Disney throws big celebration for 'It's a Small World' anniversary
e 'Transformers: Age Of Extinction' Star Nicola Peltz Is One To Watch
e Nadine Gordimer was Nobel laureate, unwavering critic of apartheid
e Outkast Reunite on Own Terms at Coachella 2014
e Peanuts: Your First Look at Charlie Brown and Snoopy From Next Year's CG  ...
e Saturday Night Live fires Noel Wells, John Milhiser after one season
e Drew Barrymore's half-sister found dead in car near San Diego
e Movie Review: "Get On Up" (PG-13)
e Tech cheerleader draws criticism for African hunting photos
t Sony Xperia Z2 Compact potentially revealed as Xperia A2
e Bachelorette 2014 Finale Twitter Recap: Nick Viall Lost in More Ways Than One
b Fitch Revises SEB's Outlook to Positive; Affirms 'A+' Rating
t Pressure Mounts on General Motors - Analyst Blog
e Frenzied Fans Devour 'Sharknado 2′ at San Diego Comic-Con
t YouTube To Buy Twitch For $1 Billion?
e 5 reasons the film Transcendence really didn't live up to its name
t Apple iPhones, iPads Held for Ransom: What Happened and What You Can Do
m GlaxoSmithKline's cancer vaccine MAGE-A3 suffers its second PhIII flop
b EBay Grows, Guidance Weak
e Kendall Jenner's Billboard Music Awards flub, Robin Thicke wants Paula Patton  ...
e John Wayne's heirs, university 'Duke' it out over use of name
t AT&T Looking at San Antonio for High Speed Internet Service
e 'Spider-Man 2′ ropes in $92 million opening
b Home»News»World»Chechnya's leader denies sending men to help pro-Russia  ...
b SAC Capital Plea Deal Ends Long Wall Street Saga
t HTC and Gary Oldman Tell You to “Ask the Internet,” Rather Than Sell You on  ...
m Study: Low-Dose Aspirin May Reduce Risk Of Some Cancers
m Critics have called electronic cigarettes a gateway to tobacco smoking.
e Mad Men: Freddy Rumsen Is Don's Peggy and Peggy's Don
e Circus moves to Hartford, injured performers still hospitalized
t Manipal Institute of Technology on high after Rajeev Suri appointed head of Nokia
t Viewing MB through Google Glass: Resident hopes weekend ride is first of many
b Study: West Coast Port Strike Could Cost US
e Sequel eyed after 'Godzilla' crushes box-office rivals
t Apple's iOS 8 Beta Now Available for Testing To Developers
m Mass. judge: Teen in custody dispute OK to return to Conn.
b Do Not Buy 'Little Way' From Amazon
b Oklahoma unemployment rate inches downward
m Michael Schumacher Coma Update: 'Road to Recovery' Timeline
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's Wedding: Everything We Know So Far
e It was put on hold following Paul Walker's death, but filming is set to resume on  ...
b Eurozone inflation stuck at low 0.5 percent
e Madonna dressed up as Game of Thrones' Daenerys Targaryen
t Skype Translator Will Be Able to Interpret Calls in Real Time
e Met Gala 2014: the best (and worst) outfits from last night's Ball
b Twitter's next trick is to prove it can actually become a stable, grown-up company
t Civilization: Beyond Earth announced. Civ is going to space
e Is Garth Brooks About to Make His Comeback?
b There isn't a magic jobs number for the Fed
t Scientists help Galapagos finches combat killer maggots
t Scientists uncover planetary disks in NASA's Hubble archive
t 50 Years of Mustang: Ford to launch Mustang with a limited-edition Mustang GT
t Analysts upwardly revised their ratings on AAPL, FB, and TWTR
e Wu-Tang Rapper Andre Johnson Cuts Off His Penis, Jumps Off Building
m Healthy Lunches Optional In Schools Following Republican Spending Bill  ...
e Watch New "Hunger Games" Trailer: 'The Mockingjay Lives'
b Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 ran out of fuel: satellite data
m New Drugs May Help Prevent Migraines
e Parents, Students Protest Michelle Obama Attending HS Graduation Ceremony
e NBC cancels 'Community' after 5 seasons: Remembering one of TVs best (and  ...
e Rolling Stones to resume world tour in Israel after postponing dates following  ...
t New species of elephant shrew discovered
t AT&T's gigabit Internet plan now includes Greensboro
t Facebook loses VP of hardware design Frank Frankovsky
b Ontario-built Dodge minivan being axed from lineup
m FDA Approves DEKA Arm System; Prosthetic Uses Electrodes To Pick Up  ...
e Glastonbury 2014: Dolly Parton - the debutante who is so fake she's real
e People's Most Beautiful Person: A Look At Lupita's Best Looks This Year
t T-Mobile offers seven-day iPhone 5s 'Test Drive,' comes with unlimited service  ...
b Ronald McDonald Then and Now: Iconic Mascot Gets a Makeover, but Not  ...
e Miley in the Sky with Diamonds
e Actor Ray Fisher as Cyborg in Zack Snyder's 'Batman vs. Superman'
e Sandra Bullock stalker: Documents describe chilling moment actress 'came face  ...
b Disney to buy PewDiePie network for $500 million
m Healthy babies born the same size across the globe, research shows
b Philips CEO says 2014 earnings improvement now more difficult
t â€‹What is Heartbleed, anyway?
e Franchise that has seen better days
m CDC Survey finds less sex, less fights and less smoking among nation's youth
b Former Anglo Irish Bank Executives Guilty on 10 Loan Charges
b 5 things to know about
b Redskins name deemed 'disparaging'
e Barbara Walters' 5 Most Memorable Interviews (Video)
e Andi Dorfman's White Dress for the Bachelorette Finale Proposal: Get the Look  ...
e Lana Del Rey: I Sang For Free at Kim Kardashian, Kanye West Pre-Wedding Party
e Tribeca Film Festival: A Cinematic Hat Tip to Everything New York
b Highlights from GoPro's IPO filing, unearthed
b Medical Marijuana Will Soon Be Available in Colorado
t Space X freighter docks to space station, unloads 2.5 tons of supplies
b IMF still sees advantage for 'too important to fail' banks
e Mad Men walking tour of New York
e CBS Announces Premiere Dates for Fall 2014 Schedule
m VIDEO: Erectile Dysfunction Drugs Could Treat Muscular Dystrophy
b China's January-February economic activity cools to multi-year lows
b India factory output at 17-month high
t Google tipped to unveil Android TV
m Video: Amazing moment deaf woman hears sound for first time after implants
b Gold extends slide, ends lower for 3rd straight day
e Beyonce Surprises Sister Solange During Coachella Set. [Video]
b AbbVie's Shire Push Won't Face Pfizer Hurdles in Takeover
b Bulgaria's FIBank share drop a "normal response": spokesman
b Bitcoins are property, not currency, US IRS says regarding taxes
e Here's Is Amazon's Content Strategy Explained In One Paragraph
t Facing up to the limits of DNA-based forensics
e Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice - Everything We Know
b Fitch Affirms Landesbank Saar at 'A'; Outlook Negative
m Wearable technology discovery makes brain implants possible
b Unemployment Applications Down to 4-month Low
t Worldwide wearables shipments to reach 112 million in 2018, says IDC
b Obama says health care program stable
b Despite concerns about Obamacare, big employers not abandoning health  ...
b Alcatel Lucent SA share price up, narrows first-quarter loss, reaffirms turnaround  ...
m Commonwealth Games cyclist in Ebola scare
t GM victims' fund for ignition defect to have wide eligibility
t Comcast and Time Warner May Throw Charter a Bone, or 3 Million
m A Third State Will Likely Legalize Marijuana This Summer
e Prinze Jr: 24 put me off acting
b The Candy Crash No One Wants: StockTwits
e Retired Rock Legend Wows St. Paul Crowd
m Alzheimer's breakthrough: Simple new test will help millions beat cruel disease
t The smaller machines that won't leave you stuck in the middle
e Powdered alcohol may be coming to you
e ABC renews 'Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.,' orders 'Agent Carter' to series
t Mailbox 2.0 brings automated actions, preference syncing via Dropbox
m Drug recalled after different pills found in its bottles
e 2014 James Beard Foundation Awards announced
e Girl Meets World:Hammy reboot lacks charm
t T-Mobile's Test Drive: Use an iPhone 5S to take a free spin on its network
t External Storage and more coming to Xbox One Next Month
e Danny Boyle linked to Steve Jobs biopic
b RPT-Fitch: No Immediate Effect on BNP Paribas's Ratings from Settlement
t New long-nosed dinosaur found nicknamed Pinocchio rex
b Why Tyson Foods (TSN) Stock Is Lower This Morning
t Update Samsung Galaxy Note 2 to Android KitKat: CyanogenMod ROM Guide
t Android this week: Moto E appears and new Nexus devices are hinted
m MERS Patient Recovering, Still Isolated
t Larry Page explains why it would be 'stupid' to run Google like Apple
e Is Lea Michele dating a gigolo? Glee star's 'new boyfriend moonlights as an escort'
b FOREX-Euro falls to 3-month low on German data, EU election uncertainty
e Celine Dion responds to 'All By Myself' airport viral video: 'Hilarious and very  ...
b Obama's measured response to Russia is the right one [Commentary]
m British Ebola patient arrives in the UK for hospital treatment
t Apple updates MacBook Pro with Retina Display, cuts price of 13-inch Macbook
t Breeze Tracks Every Step, Pushes You to Walk More
t The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back  ...
e Gwyneth Paltrow Wanted To Cover Up Split, But Chris Martin Insisted On  ...
b Dollar inches up before Fed verdict; eyes on Yellen debut
t San Francisco Supervisor Proposes City Kill Switch Law
t Valve Pushes Back Release of Steam Machines to 2015
m Cool conditions stifling West Nile
e Twitter Removed Its #Music Service From the App Store, Is Shutting It Down Next  ...
b Solar booms beyond White House to mega US projects
b ValueAct's Ubben says firm will not seek new term on Valeant board
b Best Buy Profits Grow Despite Weak Industry Demand
m This is the 'single unhealthiest' meal of 2014
m Gene therapy breakthrough provides music for the deaf
t Google acquires Songza, an online music streaming startup
e Loyal fans of Godzilla react to Hollywood remake negatively
t Amazon's next big announcement could be a smartphone
b AT&T wireless, U-verse gains help raise revenue to 2-year best
e Game of Thrones S04E08 Spoilers: Sansa comes clean, Jon Snow worries over  ...
e Officials: Use caution with fireworks for 4th of July
b S.F. orders app to halt parking auctions
e Box Office Preview: 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' and 'Tammy' to Compete for  ...
e Cross Examination: A Christian Perspective
e Sherlock makes fans wait more, likely to return on Christmas 2015
t Google-YouTube Is Totally Buying Twitch For $1B. Here's Why
m Calif. Lift On Med Malpractice Cap Gets Closer To Ballot
t Supergenius high school student wins Intel Science Talent Search
e X-Men: Days Of Future Past (2014) Review
t Scientists warn of 'time horizon' when sea level rise overwhelms US infrastructure
e Guinness World Record's Largest Shabbos Dinner to be Held in Tel Aviv
t Twitter revamps its entire Web page
t Reset Your Passwords After Heartbleed Bug Makes The News
e Miranda Lambert Talks Carrie Underwood Duet, Song About Weight Struggles  ...
b Colorado collects $2 million in January pot sales tax (Video)
m House passes SGR patch bill that includes delay in placing oral drugs in ESRD  ...
t Congress to question GM CEO, federal regulators on safety defect
b Wal-Mart entry into used videogames trade threatens GameStop
e With revival of the Hollywood Bible epic, Darren Aronofsky's 'Noah' finds rough  ...
e Lady Gaga's 'G.U.Y.' video stars Andy Cohen and some 'Real Housewives'
e She Said What?! Did Lena Dunham's Joke Go Too Far?
t iPhone 6 rumors: sapphire displays with oleophobic coatings described in patent
e Diane Sawyer steps down from 'World News' anchor position to take on new role
b Fox News' Baier, Van Susteren Land Hillary Clinton Interview
b Beijing pushes banks to ditch IBM servers over spying dispute with US
b 1 in 10 Americans hitting the road for Memorial Day
m 'Mr. Awesome' Online Campaign Honors Boy Who Died in Pool Accident
t Three new recalls issued by General Motors
e RIP Scott Asheton
b Target first quarter profits drop 16%
e #WhatJayZSaidToSolange: Twitter reacts
b For restaurants, weather excuse is gone this earnings season
m West Africans Worried About Ebola Outbreak
m Tick Population Abundant in New York State
e Elaine Stritch, brash stage performer, dies at 89
t Sony PlayStation Network shut down after cyber-attack
t UN climate report balances science and politics
t Round Two: Nokia announces colourful X2 with upgraded hardware
t Amazon To Snatch 'Twitch' From Google's Grasp?
b World has new top banana as Chiquita, Fyffes merge
b Unilever first quarter sales rise despite later Easter
e Dave Franco & Minka Kelly Have a Black Out at 'Of Mice & Men' Broadway  ...
m Study: Bacteria can live for days on planes
e Jonah Hill Blows Up at Paparazzi, Hurls Homophobic Slur (VIDEO)
b About that whole banking/mortgage crisis thing…..
t Slight jump expected for 4th of July travel
e Hogs get real steal in corner
t At least four startups are now focused on Google Glass apps for doctors
t Pair raises $500K, preparing to rain bitcoins on undergrads
e 'Friends' Central Perk coffee shop opens in NYC
t If Comcast gets TWC, three out of four Americans could get a broadband cap
t littleBits™ Partners with NASA on Earth and Space Activities
e Film looks at cancer
e Fleetwood Mac announce first tour with Christine McVie in 16 years
b NTSB: Asian plane crash due to pilot mismanagement - WSMV Channel 4
t Microsoft-Nokia deal to close this April 25
e Home fireworks, illegal in N.Y., are also dangerous, authorities warn
t CloudLink' Launches SecureVM Data Security Solution for VMware' vCloud' Air''
t Former astronauts on mission to save Earth from asteroids
e Robert De Niro joins Robert Pattinson in “Idol's Eye” heist action thriller
e Coldplay's Chris Martin Joins 'The Voice' As Mentor
b Miner takeover poses the greatest threat to virtual currency Bitcoin
b Adobe surges as Q2 net beats on online subscription growth
b ECB to hold course as euro strength challenges recovery
b Muni Investors Should Watch Both Ends of the Curve
t Review: Samsung Galaxy S5 is the 'Botox' of smartphone upgrades
e Oakland woman dies of suspected drug overdose at Coachella music festival  ...
t UK Wants Ability To Censor 'Unsavoury' YouTube Videos Because Terrorism
e Garth Brooks: No council licence yet for Dublin gigs
e Hangout Fest begins in Gulf Shores
e Are You John Mayer's Ex? He Dares You To Write A Song About Him
b WWE Money in the Bank 2014 results: Who was victorious in the ladder matches?
e Twitter, Facebook driving couples to break relationships: Study
e Jennifer Lawrence embarrassed about puking in...
e Where's the female side of the Force in 'Star Wars VII'?
b Popular NYC-Based Cupcake Chain Shuts Down
b Oil Edges Towards US$112
t Pocket for Android Wear arrives via developer SDK
m Health Rankings: Kane Co. is 9th Healthiest County in State
t Apple Inc. (AAPL) launches environmental campaign
b Gold slips to $US1,317 an ounce after the US jobs surprise
t Comprehensive Report Documents Beneficial Impacts of Global Warming
b US warns of cuts in federal highway aid
t Apple Will Not Launch iWatch, Apple TV At WWDC; Expect iOS 8, OS 10.10
t Google Preps Self-Driving Cars for City Traffic
b Potential upstate New York casino developers make pitches
e Mila Kunis, Ashton Kutcher Wedding Guest List Includes New Baby
e Real-Life Couples and Their On-Screen Chemistry
b S&P/Case-Shiller home price index rises 13.2% in January
b US home prices rise at slower rate
e Pharrell Cries "Happy" Tears During Oprah Winfrey Interview
e Ex-Journey frontman Perry sings in Minnesota
e Courtney Love's search for Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 takes flight as a meme
b Mostly positive US earnings send stock futures up
t OKCupid experiments on its users
e Dina Lohan avoids jail for drunken driving
t PHOTOVIEW: HTC One (M8) Android 4.4 Smartphone with HTC Sense 6
e After 12 years, the US has an official memorial — and interpretation — of  ...
t OkCupid's Experiment May Have Broken FTC Rules
e Jolie balances darkness and fun in Maleficent
t Tech Tips: Your risks and options with Windows XP as phase-out begins
e Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice, An Unmarried Woman writer-director Paul Mazursky  ...
m Hospital: Preliminary tests show that hospital staff, patient's relatives don't have  ...
b Hong Kong Stocks Extend Biggest Weekly Drop Since 2012
b Crude oil outlook: Crude oil prices can rise above $120 if Iraq crisis escalates
b US job growth eases but tops 200K for a 6th month - FOX5 Vegas - KVVU
b European stocks turn broadly lower after PMI data; Dax down 0.29%
b TWTR May Not Be Such A Tasty Tweet
b Need to be dealt a new Social Security card?
e Lena Dunham Gets Biblical With 'Girls' Spoof on 'SNL'
e Melissa McCarthy's 'Tammy' Laughs Way to $1.3 Million at Tuesday Box Office
t EBay asks users to change password after breach
e CUTE VIDEO! Beyonce Knowles and Jay-Z show fans clips of wedding day on  ...
m Schumacher's medical notes 'stolen'
e After Pastor Killed By Snake, Son Gets Bitten
b AAA predicts record number of Virginians will travel this 4th of July weekend
e Prince turns the Superdome purple & more: Essence Fest 2014, Day 2
e New 'Captain America' a winner
e American Idol 2014 Top 4 Performances Photo Gallery
b Twitter users suggest new Washington Redskins names
e Stephen Colbert's dumb Asian joke and the problem with thin skin
e Lindsay Lohan's mum pleads guilty to drunk driving
e Mila Kunis pregnant with Ashton Kutcher child?
b Crumbs Stayed Afloat Long After the Cupcake Bubble Showed Signs of Bursting
b Japan's Exports Decline in May on Weak US, Asian Demand
t An angry letter to eBay: 5 questions it must answer about its security breach
m Saudi Arabia raises number of MERS infections by 100: Is this a pandemic?
e Amazon.com (AMZN) Streaming Music Service Might Debut Without One Key  ...
t Microsoft delivers Office for rival Apple's iPad
b 1.3 million Ohioans expected to travel for Memorial Day, 1.2 million by car
e TEENAGE MUTANT NINJA TURTLES - Reveal The Next Posters!
t Victory for Kiwis involved in Australian case
t Sony Xperia Z2 Successor - Xperia Z3 gets Benchmarked as Release Date  ...
b Stocks: 4 things to know before the open
t Space station Robonaut will finally get its legs
e Perez Recommends
t Breakthrough in Artificial Genetic Code Could Lead to Custom Drugs
e Jennifer Lawrence denies faking Oscar fall: "I'm craftier than that"
e Peaches Geldof: Last tweet was pic with late mum Paula Yates
m Study: Nearly 1 in 5 high school seniors smoke hookah
b Bulgarian bank run paves the way to early election
m Headbanging can make your brain bleed, science confirms
e A Hard Day's Night, film review
m Mass. DCF granted permanent custody of Justina Pelletier
b Fed's Beige Book from Jul. 16th, 2014
e When Will Mad Men Return? When Does Mad Men Season 7 Part 2 Start?
b Kerry, Jaitley Discuss WTO Impasse
t Astronauts play zero gravity football on the International Space Station
b ANALYSIS-Obama's Asia pivot tested by China's bold maritime claims
b KVAL's Can Do! Food Drive:
t Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 10.1 @ Rs 36340 cometh to India
b HP (HPQ) to Eliminate Up to 16000 More Jobs
t Google hit by 70000 'forgotten' claims
t SoftBank CEO says still keen to merge U.S. Sprint and T-Mobile
b Emirates repeat forecast of runway closure losses
e Inside Amazon's Music Streaming Service For Prime Members
t US fossil find of biggest flying seabird
b New York attorney general files fraud suit against Barclays
m Short jogs linked to lower heart disease risk
m 'Schumacher files offered for sale'
t Kindle Channels Netflix, May Offer Unlimited Books For Bingeing
m Companies with Popular Brands Fight to Keep Names off E-Cigarettes
t UPDATE 2-Netflix sees competition down, fees up if Comcast, TWC combine
e Marriage has not made him wiser! Kanye West's most bizarre statements since  ...
e Kate Upton Felt 'Uncomfortable' Being Stared At In Bikini During Filming
b Ukraine Asks European Commission for Larger Gas Reversal as Russia  ...
t Heartbleed Bug: Apple iOS, OS X and other web services are safe
e Quentin Tarantino loses bloody first-act battle with Gawker
t Pakistan observes Earth Hour to show love for mother earth
t Skype unveils 'universal translator'
e Ariana Grande on 'Problem,' Bieber, horror films
b Beijing shoots down P3
b Barclays share price: Bank fined £26m for gold price fix failures
e Home WhatsOn ArtsEntertainment Popsmacked! Kiss vs. Rock and Roll Hall of  ...
b Eurozone M3 Growth Slows; Lending Continues To Fall
e McCartney returns to stage after brief hospitalization with virus
t Facebook is growing up: With Oculus buy, a social network prepares for its next act
b UPDATED: Pfizer pitches $101B megamerger to struggling AstraZeneca--Report
e What Is Yahoo Screen and Why Is It Saving 'Community'?
b BOJ offers brighter view on capex, policy on hold
b Stocks: 4 things to know before the open
t Google working on several new set-top boxes with Android TV software
b China's Answer To Amazon Exceeds IPO Expectations
t YouTube Rumored To Want To Buy Twitch For $1B
b Greece returns to bond markets with a bang
t Hackers trying to exploit Heartbleed bug, US warns banks and other businesses
m Genetics Linked to Risk of Obesity from Fried Foods
e ALS family appreciates the ice bucket challenge
e Good Friday re-enactment in Brentwood draws dozens
e Beyoncé Knowles And Jay Z: All The Latest News On Their Divorce And  ...
b Bank Of America - Earnings Shortfall Driven By New 'One-Time' Litigation  ...
e In 'Earth to Echo,' hearing echoes of 'ET'
e Wedding party soaked when dock collapses during picture
e Britain's Kate O'Mara, Dynasty star, dead at 74
b SanDisk (SNDK) to Acquire Fusion-io (FIO) in $1.1B Deal
e Kate Winslet rocks red
e Seth Rogen and James Franco don't impress Kim Jong-un much
b General Motors Co replaces communications, human resources heads amid  ...
e I was abused and gang raped when I was a kid –Pamela Anderson
e April Jace: 5 Fast Facts You Need to Know
e Child like quest
t LG G2 vs Nokia Lumia 920 – Price and Specs Comparison
t On its 8th birthday Twitter lets users discover their #FirstTweet
m Local clinics may study measles as cure for cancer
e Bachelorette Contestant in a Coma After Paragliding Accident
e Drake Stars at ESPYs
t Microsoft cutting 18000 jobs, signals new path - Fox 28: South Bend, Elkhart IN  ...
t General Motors To Invest $185 Million In Engine Plant, Build New Cadillac SRX  ...
m New Study Says E-Cigs Help Smokers Quit
t Nokia Lumia 625 vs Sony Xperia SP – Price and Specs Comparison
e I'm open to joining politics if taken seriously: Angelina Jolie
b Japan approves new energy policy supporting use of nuclear power
b Employees Satisfied with Pay at Google and Costco
t Climate change project aims to educate public, policymakers on risks
t Pay By Palm With Quixter - Hypochondriacs and Libertarians Run
b Why MH370 mystery 'may never be solved'
e Animal welfare activists picket Liam Neeson's NYC home amid debate over  ...
b Trial date set for eight P&G protesters
m Deadly Ebola Virus Kills Five People in Lofa County
e Drew Barrymore gives birth
b Chiquita, the banana seller with NJ roots, to buy Irish rival Fyffes in deal that  ...
b Eurozone unemployment steady near record high
b Gazette opinion: Where does our federal tax money go?
e Courtney Love Snags 'Pivotal' Role In 'Sons Of Anarchy”s Final Season
e Eurovision update: UK's Molly under threat from The Netherlands and Malta
e Entertainment / Stargazing Blog / Avril Lavigne's new video is an affront to cats  ...
t Microsoft will give you $100 to buy a new PC
b Metro Denver home prices hit a record high in May. (Helen H. Richardson, The  ...
t Titanfall Expedition DLC: Everything You Need To Know
e Celebrities boycott Brunei-owned hotels over Sharia law
b New Old Street app to challenge Uber and black cabs
e Sigourney Weaver to appear in Alien: Isolation video game
e The Rolling Stones cancel Australian concert
e Madonna shows up for jury duty in NYC
m WHO reports five more deaths in Sierra Leone due to Ebola
b Study: In States That Didn't Expand Medicaid, Community Health Centers Will  ...
e Review: Monster story Transcendence lacks humanity (with video)
e ALS group awash in cold cash
t Sacramento Woman One Step Closer To One-Way Trip To Mars
m Two Cases Of Flesh Eating Bacteria In FL
t 10 Things to Know For Thursday June 26, 2014
t Democratizing the Global Food Crisis
b DJIA Hits Record Intraday High
b US indexes drift higher; Tiffany gains - KTVN Channel 2 - Reno Tahoe News  ...
e One Direction Get Caught Smoking A Joint on Video
m Democratic Republic of Congo reports Ebola outbreak: WHO
e Justin Bieber is NOT racist or prejudiced, insists former bodyguard of shamed  ...
b EUR/USD – Dollar Under Pressure As Euro Aims At 1.39
e Movie Review: "Brick Mansions"
e Ex-TV Judge Joe Brown Jailed, Charged With Contempt Of Courts
e Next Week's Morrissey Concert at Artpark in Lewiston Canceled
b IMF worried by Argentina ruling at US Supreme Court
t Sony tops console sales by units, Microsoft first in revenue
e 14 incredibly important pics of Beyoncé & Jay Z being the perfect couple at the  ...
t Families Demand Answers From GM 'Murderers'
t Amazon, Google, Others Urge FCC Against 'Fast Lanes'
b Iran Says Will Firmly Deter Any Attacks As Military Displays Might
t Samsung to Fight Apple Smartphone Trial Verdict: Lawyer
e Amy Adams Gives First Class Plane Ticket To US Soldier
t US regulators twice failed to probe General Motors
e Box Office: Is Marvel's 'Guardians of the Galaxy' One for the Record Books?
b IMF cuts US growth outlook, urges to boost minimum wage
e The Animator Who Brought the 'Star Wars' Universe to Life
e George Clooney's father Nick gushes about Amal Alamuddin
e Kim Kardashian Wedding Plans Ruined: Beyonce Not a Bridesmaid - Snubbed  ...
b Twitter Hits New Low, Leading Social Network Meltdown
b Apple looking to acquire division of Japanese chipmaker Renesas
b US STOCKS-S&P 500 posts worst day since April; indexes down for month
m Just a few minutes of meditation may reduce stress, researchers say
e Guardians of the Galaxy Reviewers Say Marvel Has Done It Again
t This Possible Google Inc Acquisition Makes Perfect Sense
t Watch this now: Driver's instant karma crash video is picking up traffic
e 'Game of Thrones': Littlefinger's Big Push
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Activ vs S4: Should You Upgrade?
e Beyonce, Jay Z announce 'On the Run' Chicago stop
b Tesco Annual Profits Drop; More Investment In Price Cuts To Come
e Martin McDonagh's The Cripple of Inishmaan, Starring Daniel Radcliffe, Opens  ...
t Samsung may unveil 'watch-phone'
b Hillshire looks beyond the deli case
t T-Mobile US Inc (NYSE:TMUS) announces Test Drive, unlimited music streaming
t General Motors announces six new safety recalls (Video)
b Australian Dollar to Pound Sterling (AUD/GBP) Exchange Rate Mixed in Quiet  ...
e Nirvana Enters Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame
t MacBook Air 2014 Release Date, Specs & Features: Apple to Update Device  ...
t Amazon vows to fight FTC over how it handles children's in-app purchases
b USD/JPY Catches ¥102 on Best US Retail Sales since September 2012
m UPDATE 1-WHO says MERS virus of concern before haj, surge abating
e Cameron Diaz Talks Going Nude In 'Sex Tape'
e Lawsuit: Gay 'X-Men' Director Accused of Sex Abuse of Teen Boy
t Red moon lights up the sky in Salt Lake City during total lunar eclipse
b Stocks on the Move - Urban Outfitters, Inc. (NASDAQ:URBN), Vodafone Group  ...
m How effective are chocolates for our cardiac health
t Apple vs. Google Patent Disputes Dropped: iOS, Android Companies Reach  ...
t Neil deGrasse Tyson: “Enlightened religious people…don't try to use the Bible  ...
m Foreign doctors could take MERS global
e Shakespeare's 450th birthday: 'Bard-breaking record' at 37000ft
m Wisconsin improves to 10th in senior health
b Draghi's Virtuous Bond Circle Vicious for Currency
b Big Aspen area wedding may lead to zoning changes
m E-Cigarettes to Fall Under FDA Review as Popularity Grows
b Hachette Seeking Amazon Terms That 'Value' Authors and Publishers
b Whiting Petroleum to buy Kodiak Oil for US$3.8B
e Kris Jenner cries herself to sleep over Rob Kardashian's weight gain, depression
e Box Office Top 20: 'Transformers' tops 'Tammy'
b NYC commuter train bar cars make last run
b Pfizer Abandons Plan to Buy AstraZeneca for $118 Billion
e Kim Kardashian Celebrates Her Bachelorette in the Streets of Paris! Come See  ...
t 4G Motorola Moto G is here - the best budget phone on the planet just got better
e 'Bachelorette' Finale: See Pics Of Andi Dorfman's Dramatic Choice
t Facebook Steps Into Fitness Tracking With Moves App Acquisition
e DJ, 'Shaggy' voice Casey Kasem dead at 82
e Godzilla smashes and stomps box office, raking in $93 million
b UK government cuts Lloyds stake to a quarter
e Woody Allen's MAGIC IN THE MOONLIGHT Gets A Trailer
e Jennifer Love Hewitt joins 'Criminal Minds' (good luck with that)
e Wedding party stands on creaky wooden pier above lake, what could possibly  ...
e Review: In upbeat 'Begin Again,' music soothes two wounded souls
m News Scan for Mar 27, 2014
e Austria Win Eurovision With First-Ever Bearded Lady
t PRESS COLUMN: Rubio fiddles while Miami sinks
e The Tupac Musical Is Already Closing
b Violence in Iraq rattles the global oil market
b New £1 coin features banknote anticounterfeit technology
e Orphan Black: TV Review
b Why Elizabeth Arden (RDEN) Stock Is Tumbling After Hours
b Dow Jones Futures Slip 108 Points Thursday Despite 4% Economic Growth
t Apple iPhone 6 - More leaked pictures of protruding camera lens
b Facebook Q1 results soar
b IMF cuts forecast for US growth
e Madonna to direct film version of 'Ade: A Love Story'
e Pamela Anderson reveals she was sexually abused as a child
t Samsung banks on Galaxy S5 sales with global debut of smartphone
e Superman comic fetches $3.44m from eager buyer
b Target Corporation (NYSE:TGT) | Target missed many warning signs leading to  ...
b Whitbread plc: Whitbread Trading Update - 17 June 2014
m Petco and PetSmart Join in Chinese Treat Ban
t Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella's email to employees
b Commodities trading outlook: crude oil and natural gas futures
t Australian government requests to Google increase fivefold
e Japanese architect Shigeru Ban wins prestigious 2014 Pritzker award for his  ...
e Japanese architect Ban says not worthy of top Pritzker prize
m NIH-supported research also identifies predictors of heart disease risk in this group
b BOJ Kuroda's Upbeat View Boosts Yen
b These Bull Market Funds May Have Room to Run
e Metal band singer gets 6 years for murder plot - KMPH FOX 26 | Central San  ...
e Exclusive Scene From 'Chef', an Award-Winning Film About Social Media Disaster
b Alstom Battle Intensifies as Siemens Ponders Bid
e Nadine Gordimer, South African Nobel Novelist, Dies at 90
t Hundreds of methane plumes erupting in Atlantic
t Should CEOs be taken to task for personal views?
t US and UK Governments Warn Users Away From Internet Explorer
b Wall Street slides on concerns about Iraq
b Putin says will be hard to work with Ukraine's new leaders
e Lindsay Lohan makes list of lovers
e We're celebrating Mother's Day all wrong according to holiday's founder
b Beijing Widens The Yuan Trading Band. What's Next?
t New car cameras will give rear-view look
e 'America's Next Top Model' Alum Katie Cleary's Husband Commits Suicide after  ...
b Lufthansa Strike Begins Today
t Sony PS network back online, user information safe
b Twitter's Costolo Guts Executive Suite With Hire of CFO
t Aide: Obama 'madder than hell' over VA allegations
b Fed must be pre-emptive, hiking rate before inflation emerges: Lacker
e Review: 'Transcendence' like a clunky TED talk
m Excerpts: Saudi foreign health care workers MERS global threat. More Jewish  ...
b Target Cuts Profit Forecast
t HTC reportedly planning One (M8) for Windows Phone
m Senate scolds Dr. Oz for touting 'miracle' weight-loss products on his show - as  ...
e The three kinds of divorce that teach us about marriage
e Paul McCartney Bounces Back in Albany
m Children of same-sex couples are healthier, study suggests
e Mystery mom finally revealed on How I Met Your Mother finale
m Marijuana and Multiple Sclerosis (MS) - New guidelines from the American  ...
e Nicole Richie #CandidlyNicole Reality Series Coming to VH1 This Summer
b Business fears bill will kill solar
t Rubik's Cube: Google celebrates puzzle's 40th anniversary with interactive Doodle
e Hollywood Notebook: Secrets of apes, planes, road trips revealed
e Billy Joel and Christie Brinkley's daughter collapses on stage
t 5 things to know this Thursday
t Why not parents of the year, Tesco?
b Two planes nearly collide at Barcelona airport
e Movie Review: "Neighbors"
t Kick off your holiday weekend with a never-seen-before meteor shower
m What's Hurting These 3 Stocks? – Prana Biotechnology Limited (ADR) (NASDAQ  ...
t Apple takes a shine to iPhone payments
t Facebook to buy virtual reality headset maker for $2bn
t The Internet's Own Boy
b Taxing business
e Rob Kardashian's Wild Partying Revealed — Pics
t Soyuz Spacecraft Takes Off for International Space Station
e Backstreet Boys Star Nick Carter Gets Married, But Little Brother Aaron Misses  ...
e VIDEO: Ryan Gosling releases teaser trailer for directorial debut Lost River  ...
t Samsung Galaxy S5 fingerprint scanner thwarted by hack
t Domino's Pizza Customer Info Is Being Held for Ransom by Hackers
e Maya Angelou, author and poet, dies at 86
e True Blood Auction : own a piece of the show
t BBM 2.1 brings WWE stickers in time for Wrestlemania
t Tesla promises Model X by early 2015
e Jenny McCarthy And Sherri Shepherd Make Surprise Departures From 'The View'
b Local Mail Carriers To Protest Staples Postal Counters
e 'Noah' Movie Makes First Waves In Mexico Despite Religious Controversy [Trailer]
m Young adults healthier after passage of Obamacare, study finds
e 'The Interview' is just latest parody of Kim Jung Un
e Initial probe done in hair-hanging circus accident, handed over to feds; 8 still  ...
b Rotten China food hurting KFC, Pizza Hut
b European stocks rise on AstraZeneca merger battle
e The fake Star Wars filmset footage that's still amazing
b The 5 Stocks That Ignored the Sell-Off
t Visualising the amount of ice melting in Antarctica
b Coldwater Creek Files for Bankruptcy--Update
e Ohio man raises $37K to make potato salad
e Justin Bieber to Be Charged with Vandalism
e Beyonce, Jay-Z to tour together?
m Medicines used to relieve teething pain could be fatal for infants
t Google announces Android One to revolutionize low-end smartphones
b Lloyds share sale was 1.7 times covered - source
m Floridians urged to guard against mosquitoes
b Thailand spots more than 300 objects in jet search
b Bertha will resume digging in March 2015 says WSDOT
e Gwyneth Paltrow's 'conscious uncoupling' baffles many
t Netflix Price Increase For New Customers Takes Effect
b Wisconsin Energy Corp. to Acquire Integrys Energy Group, Inc. in Deal Valued at  ...
t Surge in net-neutrality comments crashes FCC site; deadline extended
t T-Mobile offering “free” trials
t Xbox One China launch date and price confirmed
t Robbers loot Samsung plant in Brazil, steal products worth $36 million
b India-US strategic dialogue: 5 things John Kerry and Sushma Swaraj should  ...
t Apple Refreshes MacBook Pros, Cuts Prices
e Report: Will, Jada Pinkett Smith under investigation by child protective services
t Apple making plans to launch a 12.9-inch iPad alongside the iPhone 6: Buh-bye  ...
b ATK's Sporting Group to Become Independent Company As Part of Orbital Deal
e TV Ratings: 'Game of Thrones' Loses No Steam in Second Week
e Tupac Shakur's alleged last words revealed by responding officer
t Apple Appoints Senior Tag Heuer Watch Executive - Report
t Former Nokia CEO Elop Comments on Microsoft Layoffs
e TRANSFORMERS: AGE OF EXTINCTION To Debut In Hong Kong
b Consumer Credit Rises, Likely Boosted by Student Loans
e Comedian David Brenner Has Passed Away At 78 Years Old
b Massive restructuring required at Malaysia Airlines
e Saudi Prince Bandar resumes intelligence post
b The Trade Deficit Shaped by Trade Deals Keep Worsening
b Flagler Unemployment Creeps Up Again, to 9.4%, But Labor Force and Net Jobs  ...
m Daily Dose of Aspirin could Reduce Women's Risk of Preeclampsia
m Antipsychotic medication linked to reduced rate of violent crime: Lancet
e Kanye West and Iggy Azalea Added to Line-Up of L.A.'s Made in America Festival
m Tamiflu spat: Roche 'disingenuous,' say review authors
t iPad with 12.9-inch display rumored to in the works for 2015
e Comic shocks: Marvel unveils Thor as a woman, Archie Comics kills off main  ...
t Beats Music Will Stay On Android And Windows Phone After Apple Deal
m Mom acts as 'speed bump' to stop rolling car
b P&G's quarterly profit jumps 37 percent on cost cuts
e Cliff Richard disappointed over cancelled Morrissey gig
t Part-time employment makes people feel happier, leads to higher productivity  ...
e FOX's Fall 2014 Schedule: 'Brooklyn Nine-Nine' Moved to Sunday, 'Glee  ...
m New Gastric Cancer Drug Gets FDA Approval
b What Will USDA Tell Us At Eleven?
t Facebook Newswire Organizes National News Posted Directly To Facebook
b Michigan will give Detroit retirement funds $350M up front if retirees approve deal
b Court sentences SAC Capital in $1.8B fraud deal
e Watch Your Back, Kate Middleton—Another Royal Just Wore a Really Pretty  ...
t Sony: Playstation 4 Consoles Selling Like Hotcakes
e 12 of the best GIFs from the 2014 Emmy Awards
t Battle of the Blur: Galaxy S5, HTC One M8, Google Camera
t SpaceX Dragon launches for International Space Station
b Chinese relatives threaten hunger strike over missing Malaysia plane
b Here are some last-minute tips for filing taxes
t Watch: Sun BELCHES PLASMA large enough to ENGULF 35 EARTHS
e Neil Patrick Harris swears at audience member during Broadway show
e Snooki "kind of freaked" when she discovered second pregnancy
t Spacecraft crashes into moon's surface
e Neil Patrick Harris And Jason Segel Take Back 'Les Misérables' From Russell  ...
e Claire Holt Exits 'The Originals'
m Freida Pinto proud of India becoming 'polio free'
t Reckoning Smartphone Patent Wars With Nokia, Apple, HTC, Motorola And  ...
e Drew Barrymore's Half Sister Found Dead Of Possible OD
b Alibaba Has an Ad Business to Challenge Google, Amazon
b Jack Ma: English teacher turned Internet visionary
b Ship Channel back in business 5 days after spill
e Another 'The Fault in Our Stars' clip is released during the 2014 MTV Movie  ...
b Bitcoin Prices Rise 6% As Data Shows Robust Demand For Coins at Auction
e Draft Day fumbles its way to the end zone
b Clock Running Out, Obamacare Campaign Focuses on Sports Injuries to Enroll  ...
b New satellite image boosts Malaysia plane search hopes
m Anti-aging gene that boosts brain functions opens new gates for treatment of  ...
e Iggy and The Stooges Drummer Scott Asheton Dies at 64
b New-home sales fell in July
e Doctors unable to reattach rapper's penis after he severs it during suicide attempt
e ESPYs Host Drake Sings 'Let It Go' as Boxer Manny Pacquiao
b Could Interest Rates Rise Sooner Than Expected?
e See van Gogh's 'regrown' ear
e Trending today: Outrage over 9/11 Museum's gift shop & the Will Ferrell vs. Chad  ...
t Who should really worry about Apple/IBM? Microsoft
e The 4/20 update
e Johnny Weir Shoe Collection Just Behind Imelda Marcos' Shoe Tally
e US irate with Israeli defense minister comments
b American Apparel Ousts Founder, CEO Dov Charney
e Nick Cannon's Whiteface Photos Cause Major Backlash
e Tracy Morgan's condition improving following New Jersey crash
e Miley Cyrus Cancels Charlotte Bangerz Show
m CDC: Maine tops nation in rate of long-term opiate prescriptions
b Hertz Hides Results Behind Spin-Off, Buyback
e 'True Detective Season 2′: Is Jessica Chastain the New Rust Cohle?
e Captain America sequel set for Dhaka release
t Microsoft to Unveil Surface Pro 3 Next Week!
e The “How I Met Your Mother” finale and avoidable disappointment
e They're Releasing a New Michael Jackson Album
t Apple confirms $3bn Beats deal to boost music sales
e J.K. Rowling Writes About Harry Potter as an Adult, and It's a Little Depressing
e 11 Worst Movie Neighbors: Next Door to Hell!
t Apple Will Let Mac Users Try Out OS X Betas (Finally!)
t Dissident murder: Appeal for information
b IMF's Lagarde hints at world economic growth forecast cut
t Huge Mystery Crater Found in Siberia's 'End of the World'
e Video: James Franco Defends Naked Selfies on "Late Show"
t Microsoft cutting 18000 jobs in next 12 months
t Traditional brute force attacks, vulnerability scans found targeting cloud  ...
b Malaysian Airlines in financial turmoil
e 'Divergent' Sequel Is Happening, Will Be Released March 2015
b PNC Bank, Bank of America: Interest Rates on Thursday for Home Mortgages  ...
b Google's advertising prices take a hit in Q1 amid shift to mobile
b In the standoff between Amazon and Hachette, the customer comes last
b Postal workers protest new Staples initiative
e Thanks to Jay-Z, Wu-Tang Will Sell Just One Copy of Its Secret Album
t Facebook $2 billion Oculus deal leaves game makers, Kickstarter investors  ...
m Samsung chief 'stable', no disruption | Bangkok Post: news
m Could The Ebola Outbreak Spread To Europe Or The U.S.?
b HP to settle suits over Autonomy deal: report
b Handling of MH370 crisis an 'unprecedented failure', PAS MP says
e Steven Spielberg Picks Next Two Films: A Cold War Thriller and 'The BFG'
b BMW Electric Vehicles Seen As Tesla Threat By 2017
b Symantec shares drop 10% after latest CEO departure
e Easter tension in Israel, prayers in Boston
b July 4th gas prices highest since 2008 thanks to Iraq
e WWE Monday Night Raw to feature Ultimate Warrior tribute
m VIEWS What's next for the CDC?
e Kanye West hits out at the press during Bonnaroo comeback show
e Miley Cyrus postpones Louisville show, announces Aug. 9 date
e Energetic acting elevates plain Bad Words
b NY Attorney General Issues Subpoenas To High-Speed Trading Firms
b Talk of ECB action grows amid Europe growth worry
e The Captain keeps his charm
e SDCC 2014: New 'Hobbit' trailer details, new poster, how to say 'Smaug'
t Google (NASDAQ: GOOG) Acquires Music-Streaming Startup Songza
e British Author Sue Townsend, Best Known For Her 'Adrian Mole' Series, Dies At 68
e New 'Fargo' Series Star Allison Tolman on All-Star Cast
e Gordon Willis dies: 8 of cinematographer's most memorable movies
t Apple's MacBook Air Lineup Is Now Faster and $100 Cheaper
e Casey Kasem remembered for career
b Inflation-warrior Rajan hits pause button on interest rates
t Facebook Ad Targeting Will Use Even More Of Your Data
t Lenovo Just Patented Their Own Version Of Google Glass
m Wednesday Will Be Observed As A National Day To Prevent Teen Pregnancy In  ...
t Amazon's 3D Fire Phone official, can it compete?
m Liberia Schools Closed Down To Stop Spread of Ebola Virus
e 'The View': So glad that's over
e Vermonters for a Just Peace in Palestine/Israel organizes a National Day of  ...
e Will Arya And The Hound Be The Break-Out Stars of Game of Thrones?
t iOS 7.1 Makes the iPhone 4 Snappier
e Babilonia remembers multifaceted Brenner
t Beijing finally approves game consoles, Sony to start selling PlayStation brand  ...
e Kristen Stewart Gets Scantily Clad For Her Most Provocative Role Ever
t Apple on verge of buying Beats Electronics for $3.2 billion, report says
m N Seoul Tower goes blue to observe autism day
e Garth Brooks could be making a comeback to country music
t Amazon triples Android app store content, remains in third place
e Buzz Bites: Pharrell Williams Joins 'The Voice'
b Flight 370: Satellite Spots 300 Objects Possibly Tied to Malaysian Plane
t Facebook Buys Virtual Reality Pioneer Oculus for $2 Billion
e Rolf Harris trial: Entertainer could be stripped of his CBE following convictions for  ...
e Beyonce and Jay Z tour headed to Cincinnati, not Cleveland this summer
m 'Xtreme Eating Awards' winner: 3540-calorie 'Monster' meal
e Thunder Buddy Troubles? Seth MacFarlane Accused Of Stealing Idea For Ted
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's wedding photos thought to be worth millions
e Ibrawlator: Michael Jackson's Billboard Music Awards Hologram — Cool Or  ...
m Study: High protein diet keeps heart disorder at bay
t Soyuz Flies US-Russian Crew to Space Station
b Chinese Police Detain 'Dozens' in Shoe Factory Dispute
t BMW, Tesla meet to discuss standardizing electric cars
m Etihad Airlines passengers who have yet to test for MERS-CoV
e Bravo Media's "The Real Housewives of Orange County" Returns for a Juicy  ...
t Microsoft to cut 18000 jobs, book big charge
t Apple Buys Streaming Talk Radio and Podcast Startup Swell
t You are here: Home News French News Hacker hero video game 'Watch Dogs  ...
b Crowd-Sourcing Campaign Launched to Find Missing Jet
e Jennifer Lopez, Harry Connick Jr., Keith Urban Returning To 'American Idol'
t US senators want automakers to make accident death info more accessible
b Tweet your shopping order
m Low vitamin D ups the chance of premature death
e REVIEW: True Detective Watch: I Am the Cosmos
e Lorde pens Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1 single
e Karrueche Tran Supports Chris Brown As He Faces Four Years In Prison: Ex  ...
e Glee's Lea Michele has 'Marilyn Monroe' moment at Kids' Choice Awards
e News Briefs: Oh Snap, Netflix! Amazon and HBO Have Inked a Streaming Deal
e Ex-Fox exec denies allegations in Hawaii sex abuse suit by man who also sued  ...
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Spotted In The Wild: Leaked Video Features AT&T  ...
e “Kim Kardashian 'Turns Me On The Most'”- Kanye West
e Comedian pioneered observational humour
e 10 great road trip movies
b Germany's dependence on Russian gas risks for Europe
e Rapper Eve Weds Fashion Designer Maximillion Cooper in Ibiza
e Scarlett Johansson In 'Under The Skin'
e Jack White records songs, releases vinyl in hours in Nashville
t Dwarf planet: Are we zeroing in on a super Earth inside solar system
e Strangers Kissing In 'First Kiss' Is A Beautiful Thing
m Stillbirths significantly higher in areas devastated by Hurricanes Katrina and Rita  ...
b Procter & Gamble plans to shed 100 brands to focus on top performers
b US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St ends lower in broad selloff; retail stocks weigh
e Webby Awards 2014: Winners (highlights)
e #FreeTheNipple: Scout Willis Launches Topless Instagram Protest
e James Franco signs on to direct play in effort to be most prolific artist ever
e Tom Williams, Universal Parks Chairman and CEO, Reflects on the Universal  ...
e Hot! Kim Kardashian takes selfies of VERY flat tum in sexy white bikini on  ...
t Cities taking on climate change
m EU offers extra 2mn euros to fight WAfrica Ebola crisis
e Miley Cyrus to perform at Capital Summertime Ball 2014
b Russian authorities hope Ukrainian parliament will respond to claim on detained  ...
b American Apparel adopts 'poison pill' defense against former CEO
e Frances Bean Cobain Tells Lana Del Rey Early Death Isn't 'Cool'
t Facebook to delink messenger from iOS and Android apps
e Captain America now a black man
t A total lunar eclipse was visible overnight in parts of the United States
e Japanese Pop Stars Akb48 Cancel Concert Following Saw Attack
b GoPro Stock Spikes More Than 30% On Its Debut
e Beyoncé's Public Well-Wishes For Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Were Just A  ...
e Robin Williams goes in for a rehab check-up
b UPDATE 1-Refiners' shares fall after US allows some light crude exports
e 'Man of Steel' Sequel Titled 'Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice'
b Updated: Tuesday, April 1 2014, 08:16 AM EDT
e They're Moms to Black America
e Discovery cancels 'Sons of Guns' after star is charged with child rape
t Watch the Lyrid Meteor Shower Peak Tonight
e Chris Harrison blogs 'The Bachelorette' finale
m Survey: A third of gay men believe you can't work as cabin crew if you are HIV  ...
e Miley Cyrus Reveals Her Deepest Thoughts [VIDEO]
b China factory activity edges up in March
m Does 3D Imaging Detect More Breast Cancer?
m Allergy Season May Expose Asthma
t LG G Watch and Moto 360 smartwatches teased in more images
t Facebook Android app changes hit a nerve
e Idols Sing for Votes...for the Final Time
b Stock Downgrades: A-Z of Agony for AstraZeneca
m Control district already battling mosquitoes
b MARKET COMMENT: Stocks Trade Mixed While Euro Gains On Strong Data
t The Internet's Own Boy: Why Aaron Swartz's Story Matters More Than Ever
t Supply Chain Solutions, Including Design And Manufacturing Services Provided  ...
m 150000 allowed to keep health policies in Kentucky
e Kim Kardashian's Vogue Cover Set To Break Sales Records
b What new grads need to know about Obamacare
m Minnesota Bans Anti-Bacterial Agent found in Most Hand Soaps
b German investor confidence down for 7th straight month after disappointing  ...
e Peter Travers on '22 Jump Street': 'I Did Laugh My Ass Off'
b Greece bounces back to bond markets
b A Guide to Yellen Testimony: No Rush to Tighten
b Abbvie's Shire Acquisition Nearly a Done Deal
m Egypt reports first case of dangerous respiratory virus; Saudi reports 5 more deaths
e Selena Gomez Zone 2014: 'Come and Get It' Singer Seen With Orlando Bloom in  ...
t Xbox One hacked for Homebrew?
e Tv - Us Tv Judge Joe Brown Arrested
e Home WhatsOn ArtsEntertainment The Other Woman showcases three angry  ...
e Ranting Kanye West booed by festival crowd
m Seven fruit and veg portions a day saves lives, say experts
b Christine Lagarde: Q1 GDP Was Dreadful; Raise Min Wage
t 9 killed, dozens hurt in Chicago holiday shootings
m Bacteria Found In Healthy Placentas
t Apple Smart Home system to control everything - from lights to juicers
b IBM posts lowest quarterly revenue in five years
b Fed's Janet Yellen cuts hawkish rate talk: 'The recovery still feels like a recession  ...
b GoPro Shares Jump More Than 30 Percent on First Day of Trading
e Kim Kardashian reveals second pregnancy predictions as Rob works out with  ...
b GBP/USD loses momentum after UK inflation data
e 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' predicted to have a $100 million opening  ...
e tvRoundup: 'Community' Gets Six Seasons and a Movie
m 4012 pounds of Beef products Recalled on fears of BSE, Mad Cow Disease
t The company that wants to send you to space
t Mars Makes Closest Approach to Earth in 6 Years Monday Ahead of Lunar Eclipse
e Reward upsets Veronica Mars' Kickstarters
t Report: Microsoft to wind down Nokia's feature-phone biz to focus on Windows  ...
e San Francisco loses out to Windy City for Lucas Museum
b Blackberry Pulls all Phones from T-Mobile
m Young Parents Who Use e-cigarettes Believe Devices Are Safer for Those  ...
e VOICE VIEWS: Christina Grimmie cracks Top 10 on iTunes for The Voice
t We are under attack! Malware targeting energy companies in the USA and Europe
m Treating Deadly Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy With Viagra, Cialis
b BOJ keeps policy steady, raises view on overseas economy
b Valeant makes $45.6 billion bid for Allergan
e Courtney Love thinks she found the missing Malaysian jet; Elton John wants to  ...
t Google Glass now available to all for limited time
e Chris Hemsworth names twins
t 2015 Chevrolet Corvette Z06 Convertible Promises at Least 625 HP
b Zillow-Trulia deal shows importance of Internet in home sales
b Redskins' 'disparaging' trademark canceled by US patent office
t Watch Dogs 1.02 patch fixes after glitches
e Every Second Counts in new 24: Live Another Day trailer
b U.S. Navy hands over North Korean-flagged oil tanker Morning Glory to Libya  ...
b A Credit Breach at the DMV?
b Winter Hits Housing Recovery
m Senate panel scolds celebrity doctor Mehmet Öz over diet claims
e 'X-Men: Days of Future Past': Quicksilver Evan Peters Steals The Movie
t 8 Apps Bringing You The Best Entertainment
e 'The Best Dad In The World': Kim Kardashian Shares Sleepy Twitter Photo Of  ...
e Kim Kardashian Dons Double Denim for Paris Lunch Date with Serena Williams
b Russia won't repeat 'Crimea scenario' in southeastern Ukraine - Russian Deputy  ...
b GM, Chrysler, Toyota June U.S. Sales Up; Ford Down
e First Footage Of 'Fifty Shades Of Grey' Trailer Released At CinemaCon
e “Captain America: The Winter Soldier“ Debut On Top For April
e Brian Williams on Snowden Interview: Guarded Notes, Research 'With My Life'
b IRS warns of largest phone scam ever
b Did Piketty get it wrong? Analysis questions author's data
b Citigroup Settles $7 Billion Mortgage Probe
e Pick the Pop Stars for Fox's Live Production of 'Grease'
e 'I Wanna Marry Harry,' 'Joe Millionaire,' and the (d)evolution of gimmick reality
m Scientists transplant gene into pigs' hearts to create biological pacemaker, no  ...
e Paul McCartney returns to stage after two-month break for illness
m Surgeon General Issues Warning on Tanning: 'Causes Skin Cancer'
e Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti's budget seeks more revenue through parking  ...
e Khloé Kardashian Flashes Her Toned Tennis Booty
t Can the Titanfall Release Rally These Stocks? - Analyst Blog
e First Still of Jamie Dornan as Christian Grey in 'Fifty Shades of Grey'
e On Elliot Rodger: “The Hunger Games” didn't kill those people. Neither did Judd  ...
m Another Study Finds No Link Between Vaccines, Autism
t Apple Has Been Sued Because iPhones Often Don't Deliver Text Messages To  ...
e 'Orphan Black' Season 2, Episode 5 Recap: My Enemy Is My Friend Is My Enemy
e Let It Go In 'Grand Theft Auto IV' With These Cathartic 'Frozen' Mods
b In brief: Volkswagen moves to reverse sales slide in US
t Would Steve Jobs Have Bought Beats?
b AstraZeneca Sets Out Pfizer Defense -- Update
b Most Popular Stories
b DEALTALK-Time Warner investors want higher bid, bigger cash ratio from  ...
m ED Drug Restores Blood Flow in Muscular Dystrophy
b Barclays to get rid of 14000 jobs
e Gwen Stefani Might Join The Voice Next Season
b GBP to AUD Exchange Rate Trending Up
e Hit me baby: Britney Spears sued for dancer's broken nose
b Ford, Chrysler July Sales Show Healthy Gains
b Spain sees deflation rate of 0.2 percent in March, upping pressure on ECB to act
b P.F. Chang's confirms credit card and debit card breach
t ABC v. Aereo — A big (or maybe not-so-big) win for the networks
e Lighthouse Theatre to keep Rolf Harris mural
b Euro Resilient Despite Deepening Crisis In Ukraine
e Caeser Rides in 'Dawn of the Planet of the Apes' Behind the Scenes Images
t Comcast vs. Netflix: The escalating war over the Internet's future
t Battery life will still suck on ultra-slim iPhone 6
e Photo Gallery: Actress Ruby Dee dies at 91
t Report: Google Preparing to Launch new Android TV Set-top-box Interface
t This Awesome Facial Recognition Technology Could Replace Passwords
e Olivia Palermo Is Married, And Her Dress Is A Must-See!
e Actress Sara Gilbert Marries Longtime Girlfriend, Songwriter Linda Perry
e VIDEO: Teen nails Michael Jackson dance routine at high school talent show
e Ousted Times Editor Tells Grads She's Just Like Them – Looking for a Job
t Apple, IBM Bury the Hatchet for the 1st Time in 30 Years
e Crowd-funding platform Kickstarter launches iTunes film channel
b UK's Labour Urges Inquiry Into Pfizer's Bid For AstraZeneca
m New Study Finds Smoking Rates Vary Widely by County - Proven Tobacco  ...
b China warns against Vietnam travel after deadly unrest
e Mad Men draws to a close as viewers brace for final season
e Kendall Jones, Cheerleader Who Hunts Endangered Animals, Is Getting a TV  ...
t Cosmic Caffeine: Space Station Adds Italian Espresso Machine
t Wildlife officials to review manatee status change
b Mergers, technology news boost stocks
e Solange Knowles Avoids 'Uncomfortable' Rachel Roy at CDFAs After Infamous  ...
e The Big Bang Theory Season 8: Jim Parsons, Kaley Cuoco, Johnny Galecki do  ...
b EPA offers oversight of vast area of wetlands
e Kelly Osbourne debuts head tattoo
b Market overview: Expectations for Q4 rise in Bank Rate should harden
m Vials containing smallpox virus discovered in US
t NOAA may Remove Endangered Status from Alaska Humpback Whales
b Toyota Revs Up Ambitious Plans for China
e 'Star Trek' Prop to Help 'Reading Rainbow' Grow
m Novartis to Seek Approval Earlier than Expected for Chronic Heart Failure  ...
b Gold Inches Up, US Mint Shenandoah Bullion Coins Temporarily Sold Out
m Polio is making a huge comeback
t Samsung will launch an Android Wear smartwatch this year
e 'True Detective' season 2: 'Hard women, bad men,' according to creator
e First look at Kimye's 'honeymoon'
t TV Networks Succeed In Killing Aereo In Supreme Court
t Apple unveils Swift, a new programming language for iOS, Mac
e James Franco And Seth Rogen Fix Kim Kardashian's Vogue Cover With  ...
t Amazon To Buy Twitch For About $1 Billion
b Ahead of Bell: Medtronic, Covidien
t Microsoft to cut 18000 jobs by years end as part of its restructuring effort
b Market frets over Credit Suisse capital
b Yellen offers no timetable on raising rates
e Kim Kardashian Apparently Once Made Out With Brandon Jenner
e Rolf Harris guilty: How the Mirror helped provide damning proof of pervert's lies
e Robert Downey Jr. supports son post drug possession arrest
e Edgar Wright 'left Ant-Man over Marvel script rewrites'
e Neil Young's PonoMusic hits $2M on Kickstarter in one day
t Novartis wants to bring Google's smart contact lenses into your eyes
t Halo 5 confirmed for Fall 2015 release on Xbox One
b Bogus tax refunds a $4 billion problem – and growing
e 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier'
t Despite recall, Cobalts, HHRs are selling - and at a higher price
m Being underweight ups mortality risk
t Berkeley physicists prove small particle accelerators possible
b So Long Fannie? New Bill Wants To Eliminate Fannie Mae
m Iodine deficiency common in pregnancy, pediatricians warn
e It Really Happened -- Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Cover Vogue!
t Sexting, Email, and Other Tech Basics That Mystify the Supreme Court
t RPT-Families of GM crash victims bring their anguish to Washington
t A closer look at Samsung's new graphene breakthrough: The holy grail of  ...
t Netflix Raises Price By $1 For New Customers
e 'Penny Dreadful': TV Review
e Game Of Thrones became a mixtape of big moments in its fourth season
b German Business Confidence Declines as Economic Growth Slows Down
b New Home Sales Fall to 5-Month Low
b Pot pays: Colorado posts first official marijuana tax totals
e Miley Cyrus: I Was Poisoning Myself With Something I Was Scary Allergic To
e Watch The Eerie New Teaser Trailer For 'The Hobbit: The Battle Of The Five  ...
b How the Zillow, Trulia sale could change the real estate market
e Frank Darabont In Talks For 'Snow White and The Huntsman 2′
e 'Lost' producers explain finale during reunion with cast at PaleyFest
e Walt Disney Studios sets key release dates
e Keaton hailed in Venice Film Fest opener 'Birdman' - WHLT 22 Connecting the  ...
b High-Speed Traders Rip Investors Off, Author Says
b SunTrust pays $320M to resolve HAMP violations
m Allergy sufferers beware: Polar vortex soon to be replaced by 'pollen vortex'
b 27/08/2014IMF chief Lagarde's legal woes: a timeline
b Housing Recovery
b Traders Cautious on 3D Systems (DDD) into Q1 Report
m Quarantined U.S. citizen tested for Ebola
m Massachusetts sees mortality dip in wake of healthcare reform
t Pa. Attorney General's Office warning of possible eBay security breach
b Forbes family sells Forbes Media after 97 years
b Another McDonald's Closed by Russian Watchdog
b Video: Chinese vessels attack Vietnamese ships in Vietnam's waters
b Behind the pay gap between women and men
b April 16, 2014, 6:22 am
b Westgate CEO plans sweeping changes for newly acquired LVH
b Gold dips after 1.5 pct rally, set for first weekly fall in 7
b Texas Weekly Gas Price Update and Outlook
b Euro resilient near highs, to test ECB's threat on currency
m Don't believe the warnings about dementia? You may be more at risk... Study  ...
t Amazon officially reveals 'Netflix for books' subscription service
t Microsoft UK staff braced for the axe with 6000 jobs set to be cut
b “GOODNIGHT, MALAYSIAN…”
b Why John D. Rockefeller would love Uber
t Cheaper climate change solutions available now—Kerry
b Firms lining up for Shanghai connect
b Rate rise arguments gain traction with MPC members
t Meteor shower madness: Flint astronomer offers tips on seeing the rare show  ...
b S&P 500 Looks to Build on Record Highs
e DC assault trial for singer Chris Brown to begin
t MSFT – Microsoft Stock Is a Buy, But Not Thanks to Surface Pro 3
b The Week Ahead: Is The Fed Behind The Curve?
b UPDATE 1-Nowotny says would prefer "package" of ECB measures
b Hunt For Missing Malaysian Airliner May Finally Be On The Right Track
b Jake Robbins: Where did all the risk go?
t New tech helped ID gravitational waves from Big Bang inflation
b Tesla Will Break Ground on Multiple Gigafactory Sites
b EPA Rule Would Clarify Limits of Water Oversight; Provide Ag Exemptions
e Emma Stone has mad lip-syncing skills - watch video
b Osborne to Hail UK Recovery in US Speech
t Smartphone 'kill-switch' bill revives, passes Senate
e Wayne Knight not dead: Seinfeld actor tweets to refute death hoax rumours
b McDonald's Workers Arrested at Protest Near Headquarters
b Biz Break: Netflix to increase subscription prices as streaming service hits new  ...
e Radcliffe has no plans to reprise Harry Potter role
t Google to sell its Glass devices to bigger pool of consumers
m Surviving your hospital stay; Consumer Reports hospital ratings list
e New releases
e Baby North West loves Aunty Khloe's Chanel earring!
b Cab drivers protest against Uber, Lyft at Capitol
e The Ambitious Drive To Do Too Much Too Fast, On Screen And Off
e Ground Zero museum 'reaffirms the true spirit of 9-11,' Barack Obama says in  ...
b S&P 500, Dow Set Records as Technology Shares Bounce Back
e Dolly Parton receives award for 100 million albums sold
t MacBook Air Updated, Gets A $100 Price Cut
e First Gone Girl trailer released: watch Ben Affleck search for missing wife
e Shia LaBeouf has reportedly been banned from a restaurant after he was caught  ...
e Don't 'ban bossy,' Sheryl Sandberg. Tell us what to do next.
e Miranda Kerr Naked and Nude GQ Cover: Former Victoria's Secret Model  ...
t US Embassy to host events marking World LGBT Pride
b Wesfarmers to sell insurance arm for $1b
e Christine McVie Returns To Fleetwood Mac After Long Hiatus
m Hospital to Patients: We Maybe Exposed You to HIV
e Kim Kardashian Does Double Denim for Paris Lunch with Serena Williams
b Car rental companies ramp up exotic offerings
b April 15 not much of a deadline for most
t Hands On With Android L
e Miley Cyrus Flaunts Tattoo of Her Dog on Instagram
b Stock Traders Buy Large Volume of Put Options on salesforce.com, inc. (CRM)
t Koalas hug tress to keep cool
b JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon diagnosed with throat cancer, will keep  ...
e Potato salad Kickstarter with a side of 'greater good'
e 'Alcohol and drug use' result in hospitalisation of Boston concertgoers
t Violence flares at QPR v Latics
e Disney Media Networks Co-Chairman Sweeney To Resign
b Citigroup and Mylan are big market movers
t Google to Netflix Pay-for-Access Deals Said to Be Review by FCC
b IMF hints at world growth forecast cut
t Google Glass Available for Purchase in the US Next Week – (GOOGL)
e Amazon Prime Music Is Here And It Underwhelms, But Not In A Bad Way
b Why Facebook Wanted a Video Advertising Intermediary
t Intel unloads bevy of new Chromebooks; previews 'Education' reference design
t Coolest Cooler Raises Over $4 Million On Kickstarter Just Days After Launch  ...
t FBI, European Authorities Go After GameOver Zeus Botnet
t Google I/O 2014 Day 1: Chromebook and the rest
e Peaches Geldof, daughter of Bob Geldof, dead at 25
t Facebook CEO summoned for privacy breach
m E-Cigarette Laws Need To Be Updated According To Congress
b Auto Sales Emerge From Cold
b Florida unemployment rate drops to 6.1 percent; Collier-Lee rise
e Honest Trailer AND Everything Wrong With Tim Burton's 'Planet Of The Apes'
b Amazon's shipping costs keep soaring, forcing tough decisions
e DJ Avicii ill with gall bladder woe, cancels Miami shows
b In brief: Netflix tunes up for Europe foray
t Google Scouting for Retail Space in New York's SoHo
e Shailene Woodley Talks Emotional Scenes in 'The Fault In Our Stars'
e Pharrell Wears A Headdress For A Photo, Clap Along If You Feel Like He Didn't  ...
t Journal Addresses Uproar Over Facebook Emotion Study
e Post-Rock Hall Induction, Nirvana Plugs In at Brooklyn Venue
e Is Bruce Jenner Walking Kim Kardashian Down The Aisle?
b Nigeria: Economy $510B, biggest in Africa
b Chrysler loses $690M in first quarter on losses related to Fiat merger
b Insurers ponder increase of 2015 prices
m Options for colorectal screening
b CURRENCIES: Dollar Up Vs. Euro As Investors Anticipate ECB Easing
t London, ON man charged in Heartbleed data breach
t Why the Microsoft Surface Mini is MIA for now – Hint: Gemini
b Ukrainian journalists face threats as separatists make demands of media
e Chris Brown's Trial Delayed, Bodyguard Convicted of Assault
b Eurozone Private Sector Growth At 3-year High; Deflation Worries Remain
e 'He's At The Top Of The List': Bradley Cooper To Take Over From Harrison Ford  ...
t HTC One (M8) Throws First Punch in Fight Against Galaxy S5
e FILM REVIEW: Humor makes 'Heaven' accessible
m 3 Reasons Yale Prefers Heavier Girls
b Twitter Chief Operating Officer Ali Rowghani resigns, will stay on as adviser to CEO
e Peaches death: No drugs or suicide note found, according to latest reports
e ABC News shuffle: Sawyer moves out, Muir moves into 'World News' job
t New Google Now Voice Commands for Android Mostly Miss the Mark
m Could Medical Marijuana Laws Cut Painkiller Deaths?
t Microsoft Office For iPad Surpasses 27 Million Downloads In 46 Days After Its  ...
e What Is Game of Thrones Doing With Jaime Lannister?
b Pilots at American Eagle overwhelmingly reject contract offer
b CBO Warns Anew of Uncontrolled Long-Term Debt Risk
b Shopping List for a Market Pullback: Disney, Starbucks, and Chipotle Mexican Grill
b US economy contracts a steep 2.9%
m WHO: West Africa Ebola Outbreak Among 'Most Challenging'
t Google Glass Release Date News: Company Announces Partnership With Ray  ...
m New Vaccine Traps Malaria In Blood Cells
t Amazon simplifies grocery shopping with 'Amazon Dash'
b Tesla reports net loss of $50 million in Q1
b JC Penney reports a better-than-expected sales increase; narrows loss
t We welcome a concerted effort against illegal wildlife trade says Uhuru
e A Game of Thrones, S4E2 Review – Don't Get Married On This Show…
b AAA report says drivers should expect heavy traffic on Memorial Day weekend
t siliconANGLE » Apple introduces 8GB iPhone 5c in UK, iPad 4th gen reintroduced
m Same as it ever was: 60 sick; CDC reports multistate outbreak of Salmonella  ...
t ISS computer outage could delay Monday's SpaceX rocket launch
e Outkast Reunite on Own Terms at Coachella 2014
t Watch Dogs multiplayer videos show racing, PvP
b ECB's Weidmann says QE not out of the question - MNI
t Titanfall for Xbox One is less than $47 on eBay
t You'll need an invitation to buy the OnePlus One at first
m Planned Parenthood appeals over new abortion rules
e 'Game of Thrones' Season 4 finale ratings don't top series high
e Cheeky photo of Duchess Kate causes yet another royal media rumpus
b IRS watchdog warns of 'largest scam of its kind'
t NASA scrubs launch of rocket carrying satellite designed to track global carbon  ...
e Leaked video shows Jay Z 'attack'
e Justin Bieber serenades manager Scooter Braun at star-studded wedding
m Tanzania: Three African nations register large gains in life expectancy
e 'Rio 2' to take on 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier' at box office
e Jennifer Lopez Tweets New Album Cover Photo
t Driverless cars set for UK roads this January
t Bungie delivers new update on its next big thing: Destiny
e George Clooney proposed to Amal Alamuddin with 7 CARAT diamond ring
e Guardians of the Galaxy review: 'Guardians' is irreverent but not enough
e Thor is now a woman in newest Marvel comic
b TrueCar (NASDAQ: TRUE) to Ring The NASDAQ Stock Market Opening Bell in  ...
t Responding to Netflix PR stunts 101: Don't get into a fight you can't win
t Cousteau ends month-long undersea mission (VIDEO)
e Thanks to CGI, Paul Walker Can Now Star in 'Fast & Furious' Films Forever  ...
e Is Record-Breaking 'Game of Thrones' Piracy a Problem for HBO?
e Rapper apologises for 'anti-Semitic' costume
t iPad Air 2, iPad Mini 3 release date June 2014 - available in October?
e Kanye's Freestyle Speech At Wireless Festival Takes On Fashion, Celebrity  ...
t 20 Thoughts On Facebook's News Feed Experiment Apology
m Recalled Chobani Contained Highly Pathogenic Mold
e Many willing to give 'Noah' a chance
e BET Awards 2014: Shooting At Hollywood Nightclub After-Party, Source Alleges  ...
e Source: Latest News
e Taylor Swift Surprises Fan at Bridal Shower -- See The Amazing Pictures!
e 'Harry Potter' Spinoff 'Fantastic Beasts' Goes Trilogy, Warner Bros. Set To  ...
b JPMorgan profits fall 19% as mortgage business fades
b Jobs are back! But will it last?
t 2015 Ford Mustang 50 Year Limited Edition pays homage to 1964
e Chris Brown Speaks from Jail, Expresses Love for Karrueche & His Fans
t Bike Month Calendar
t A quiet post-Masters for Watson, with a surprise
t Victim compensation fund patches cracks in GM's credibility
b Cuomo Announces Deal Between MTA, Transport Workers Union
t DNA tests match Bigfoot samples to known animals
e Kimye Cover Backlash Forces Anna Wintour To Desperately Defend Her  ...
b AT&T Spurred by Comcast to Move on DirecTV After Year of Talking
b Gold hovers below three-month high
e Mad Men Monday: The moon belongs to everyone
t China Says Canada's Hacking Accusation Is 'Groundless and Irresponsible'
e Russell Crowe calls criticism of 'Noah' 'irrational'
m Stem Cells Created From Adult Cells
b Samsung set for worse results in two years
t Why Apple Is Like a Movie Studio
b Asian shares slip, while dollar steadies
m WANTED: Unused prescription pills
t “All New HTC One” Inventory Arriving at Verizon Stores, “Exclusive” Likely Only  ...
b Gramercy Funds Sold Argentine Government Bonds at a Profit This Year
e Robin Williams' 'Mrs. Doubtfire' Castmates React to Sequel Plan
e Phil Collins Donating His Huge Collection Of Alamo Artifacts To Texas Land Office
b ECB's Draghi faces European lawmakers amid grim industrial data
t Hyundai Motor unveils two sedans in S.Korea to take on BMW, Audi
t NSA leaker Edward Snowden to speak via video at South By Southwest  ...
b Strong retail sales data didn't move the needle for GDP growth
b Barclays Fines $44 Million Over Gold Price Manipulation
e The Cricket's Daily 3: 'Agents' re-enlisted
t YouTube plan child friendly service
t Google And Novartis Team Up To Create Smart Contact Lenses
b US Retail Sales Surge 1.1%--Update
t Mercedes-Benz will recall C-class sedans for taillight issue
b Deutsche Lufthansa Becomes Oversold (DLAKY)
e Mary-Kate & Ashley Olsen Overwhelm Themselves In Drapery At The Met Gala!
m Songs Mentioning Alcohol Brand Names Influence Teen Drinking: Study
b Barclays to axe 7000 investment jobs
t Comcast presents its case for Time Warner Cable takeover to the FCC
m Polio: UN says spread is now world health emergency
e Prayers, fasting mark Good Friday in tricity
e WATCH: Weird Al parodies Robin Thicke 'Blurred Lines' with a red pencil  ...
m Louisville named worst city for spring allergies
t Tech review: Evolutionary advances in new smartwatches
t Apple loses bid to block sales of Samsung phones
e Remembering Hobie Alter, the Surfing Visionary Who Invented a Sport and a  ...
t Podcast Beyond: PlayStation's Awesome Week (Minus the Outage)
e Maggie Smith Told Emma Watson to &#145;Get a Grip&#146;
m Childhood Obesity could Cost US$19000 Per child over a Lifetime: Study
m Gilead Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:GILD): $1000 A Pill! Cure For Hepatitis C Under  ...
t Android 4.4 KitKat Update Begins Rolling Out to HTC One Mini on AT&T
e Demi Moore-Bruce Willis' daughter Scout Willis walks topless to protest against  ...
e Lindsay Lohan Says "Conquest" List Was Written While in Rehab
t UN: 'Modest hope' to slow warming, but no 'free lunch'
m Oscar Pistorius trial: Bladerunner's court case due to resume after psychiatric  ...
e Saturday Night Live fires Brooks Wheelan
t Comcast and Time Warner Cable try to convince the FCC that their merger is a  ...
t VIDEO: Mozilla Employees Ask CEO To Step Down Over Prop 8 Support
t Apple launches iPhone 5s ads, posts sales and profits hike
b World stocks, copper, oil dip after weak China export data
t Big Bang Theorist Told of Gravitational Wave Discovery: Video
e The cast of 'Straight Outta Compton'
m Vaccination clinics being held today
e 'Hunger Games: Catching Fire' sweeps MTV Movie Awards
t Journal Issues "Expression of Concern" About Controversial Facebook Study
b Coca-Cola Takes $247 Million Hit From Venezuelan Currency Devaluation As  ...
e Hotel decries leak of video that allegedly shows Solange attacking Jay Z
e Cronenberg, Egoyan, Gosling among Canuck filmmakers headed to Cannes
b N.C. Senate wants to tighten proposed coal ash regulation
t Microsoft to put an end to Nokia Symbian and Android Devices
e After Criticism, Times Publisher Details Decision to Oust Top Editor
e Tributes to hero Gabriel Garcia Marquez
m Drug-Resistant TB is Global Threat
e You Have To Watch Andrew Garfield Singing The 'Spider-Man' Theme!
e Jay Z and Beyoncé Working Through Issues in Couples Therapy?
t PS4 Outsells Xbox One, Even After Price Drop
t Twitter Slams DOJ 'Inaction' on National Security Data Request
e Bryan Singer Accuser I Was Repeatedly Raped at Hollywood Orgies
b Mortgage demand plummets to 14-year low
t Meet the man who created the bug that almost broke the Internet
m Parents Should Read Aloud to Children Everyday Starting in Infancy, says Group
e Kim Kardashian's Vogue make-up artist: It was lovely to see Kim interact with  ...
e Jay Z's fallen out with Kanye West over marital advice
e Miley Cyrus Burglary: Turns To Brother Braison For Support As Stolen Maserati  ...
m Caffeine Has Different Effects on Boys and Girls After Puberty
b Pot vending machines begin operating in Colorado
m Itchy body rash linked to iPad use, according to medical reports
t New Internet Explorer vulnerability requires immediate action
b Gold slips ahead of Fed meet; fund outflows weigh on sentiment
t Nuisance Flooding An Increasing Problem Due To Rising Sea Levels
m Panda with 'Phantom pregnancy' off live birth broadcast
b Pound Rises for Fifth Day as Retail-Sales Jump Stokes Rates Bets
t Jeep Renegade Achieves Fuel-Efficient Trail-Rated Zen
e L'Wren Scott Dead: 'Mick Jagger's Girlfriend' Title Prompts Fans' Ire
t Posted by Shoaib-ur-Rehman Siddiqui
e Strait wins entertainer of the year at ACM Awards - CBS 5 - KPHO
e 'Sleepy Hollow' season 2 spoilers: Is 18-episode order confirmed?
t Google bid to drop Street View privacy case shot down
t Social Networking giant, Facebook, crashes worldwide
e Jimmy Kimmel Extends 'Jimmy Kimmel Live!' Contract For Two More Years!
t Does Facebook's Emotional Manipulation Make It a Bad Source of News?
e Beyonce Wants You to Stop Saying 'Bossy'
e 'American Horror Story: Freak Show' Casts Michael Chiklis
e Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin call it quits
m E-cigarettes not as healthy as thought
t Alfa Romeo Readies Tiguan Sized Crossover For 2016
t Another Recall for General Motors
e Movie review: 'Draft Day's' Kevin Costner an ace wheeler-dealer
e 5 Things to Know About 'Bachelorette' Andi Dorfman's Fiance Josh Murray
t Apple posts $45.6 billion in revenue, $10.2 billion in profit and announces stock  ...
b Asian shares mostly higher after China data
m Egypt discovers first case of MERS virus
e Marvel Is Making Thor A Woman! So, What Does That Mean For Chris  ...
t Operation Dry Water Takes Off
t Yahoo Sees Ad Decline In Q2, Mayer Yet To Kick-Start Growth
e Olivia Munn: 'Deliver Us From Evil' made me a believer again
b International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) Set to Announce Earnings on  ...
b European leaders urge EU reform
t US creates bee loss task force
b Two Key Issues That Will Determine Next Year's Oil Prices
e Dean McDermott's Walk Of Shame On Reality TV
e Superman Bathes in the Tears of Thousands in this New Batman v. Superman  ...
e Johnny Winter, blues guitarist, dies aged 70
e Tribeca Film Festival 2014: Our Guide To The Must-See Films
b WWE SummerSlam DVD Release Pushed Back, Latest WWE Inbox, Birthdays
e T.I., Floyd Mayweather Involved in Brawl on Las Vegas Strip [VIDEO]
e Sharknado 2: A Sequel With Bite
e NJ woman films her abortion
b Market Report: BATs buoyed by City belief that there's no smoke without fire
t Samsung announces Galaxy Tab S range with Super AMOLED display and octa  ...
t National Pi Day 2014 Celebrate Math with Pizza and Pie Deals Today
b Ford: Finally Gaining Traction Again
e Future Teams Up With Kanye West for 'I Won'
t Apple, Samsung, Google & others back universal anti-theft tools agreement
b 295 killed as Malaysia plane shot down over Ukraine
e Brad Pitt to play Gen. Stanley McChrystal
e George R.R. Martin and Jack Gleeson talk Game of Thrones shocking Season 4  ...
e Fans Are Not Happy With The 'How I Met Your Mother' Series Finale
e San Angelo raises money for ALS
e Not OK Computer -
t Icy Greenland was Once Pretty Green, Study Finds
e Dublin City Council has never refused events licence at Croke park before
b 7 Things You Need To Know About The VIX
e Diet May Have Contributed to Peaches' Death - Report
t Driverless Cars Headed To Public Roads In The UK Next Year
b New Ford CEO to earn $5.25M, plus stock options
b Eurozone Inflation Slows To 52-Month Low
b March 31st - Last Day To Sign-Up For Health Care In 2014
b Mark Carney on Scotland, rates, QE and the housing boom
b Reform Update: Community health centers brace for influx of newly insured
m Federal gov't agrees to fund marijuana study to treat military veterans' PTSD  ...
e A Million Ways to Die in the West Sweepstakes
e Bryan Singer's Accuser Working On Doc About Hollywood Molesters
m Match Day exciting for many Dartmouth medical students
e Country singer Kevin Sharp dies at age 43
t Scientists create new cheaper solar cells with tin instead of lead
b India link emerges in $8.9-billion BNP Paribas settlement in US
b Yellen sees faster growth ahead for economy
e Mike 'The Situation' Sorrentino arrested for assault
t Confusion, anger over nonprofit's alleged role in fighting Leno bill
e Lana Del Rey, James Dean & Natalie Wood – Blue Jeans (Urban Noize Remix  ...
b BP, feds cleaning up oil spill in Lake Michigan
b Officials say jet nearly collided with drone
m Ajinomoto's Advantame sweetener approved by US Food and Drug Administration
e Ice Bucket Challenge Video Leads to Wanted Man's Arrest in Omaha
t Apple's CarPlay is coming to Dodge, Audi, Jeep, Fiat, & others
e Shia LaBeouf Crazy? Hours Before 'Caberet' Broadway Arrest, 'Transformers  ...
b Stocks end lower as Nasdaq flops
t In Scrutiny of Cable Merger, Internet Choice Will Be Crucial Battlefield
b OPEC insists no oil supply despite Iraq unrest
b What consumers can expect from AT&T, DirecTV deal
e Scarlett Johansson To Request a Black Widow Spin-off Movie from Marvel
t Plastic debris coats 88 percent of the world's oceans
m Relay for life 2014 Bonita Estero Fort Myers
e Was Nicki Minaj's wardrobe malfunction staged?
t Basic tips to protect yourself from IE's security flaw
b Anthony Orlando: Financial regulation would stimulate economy
t Why HBO and Pay TV Still Aren't Getting Divorced
b Everything You Need To Know About The AT&T/DirecTV Merger
e Epic Records to Release MICHAEL JACKSON's Posthumous Album 'Xscape  ...
b Gold Remains Strong On Inflation and Geopolitical Worries As Global Oil Prices  ...
b Biz Break: Carl Icahn's latest eBay suggestion is a PayPal IPO
t How OkCupid Informed Users They'd Been Part Of An Experiment
e Deming celebrates Cinco de Mayo
t Comcast and Time Warner Cable set for Senate grilling
m Are raw sprouts safe to eat?
e Neil Patrick Harris On Taking Over For David Letterman | CBS
b Argentina's Creditors Still Face Tough Battles In Bond Row
t Galaxy S5 Review: At Last, Samsung Decides That Less is More
e Guess Who's Getting Back Together With Jenny Craig?
m Childhood obesity adds nearly $20k to lifetime medical costs - WSFA.com: News  ...
b Fiat Chrysler reveals plans to grow sales by 2018
t Ford Recalls Nearly 435000 Vehicles
e Who Won the Voice Season 6 Finale? Team Usher: Josh Kaufman
m Dr. Oz runs afoul of lawmakers
b Markets mostly gain on good earnings news
t Facebook pays $2bn for virtual reality firm Oculus
b Twitter reports US$132 million loss in first quarter
e Captain America tops North American box office
m Is Marijuana the Next Big Thing for Big Tobacco?
e George Clooney and Fiancée Vacation in Cabo San Lucas
t Whoops! LG Netherlands Blows G3 Specs Load Over the Internet Early
e SEQUEL for GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY Announced
t Gamers unhappy with Facebook's Oculus deal
b Allergan Board of Directors Rejects Unsolicited Exchange Offer from Valeant
b New report: BLM using outdated rules and not inspecting priority wells
e 'Mad Men' midseason finale draws 1.9 million
m Turning down health funds will be costly
t Dr Dre could be set to become hip-hop's first billionaire
e Rolf Harris jail sentence to be reviewed by attorney general
t Asteroid the size of a bus hurtles past Earth
b EUR/USD trips stops as Draghi sticks with old script
b Should Taxi Medallion Owners Be Compensated?
e Scarlett Johansson Wants Black Widow Movie
b Canadian Dollar Slightly Lower In Quiet Trading Ahead of FOMC Minutes
e Cannes day five: Watch live red carpet video stream as stars dazzle for The  ...
e Video: Maya Angelou Recites 'On the Pulse of Morning' At The 1993 Clinton  ...
m Health care sign-ups top 4.2 million
t Facebook Launches Nearby Friends for Android and IOS
t Feds Free Thousands of Computers From Hackers
t Tibetans Got High-Altitude Gene From Archaic Humans
e Daniel Radcliffe will definitely read new `Harry Potter` follow-up
m Area Relay For Life Events Dates, Locations Set
e Massachusetts teen nabbed for raping girl, 17, at Keith Urban concert: cops
t Don't Expect iWatch, Apple TV at WWDC
e Brown could remain behind bars until June
b Microsoft's Q3 Betters Estimates - Analyst Blog
m Experimental new drug offers promise in fight against measles
e Holy Week
b Bank guidance gets thumbs up as more firms predict rate hikes
e Anthony Cumia Has a Long History of Public Awfulness
e Andy Serkis on the 'Planet of the Apes' Legacy, Peter Jackson and 'Star Wars'
e Billboard has a chart for music-related tweets now
e Radio Icon Casey Kasem Passes Away
m Saudi MERS toll surges to 282
e BOX OFFICE: 'Divergent' Late Nights Huge $4.9M …
t Lytro unveils next-gen Illum light field camera, lets you refocus your photos for  ...
t How Did Heartbleed Put the Whole Internet in Danger?
e A new report said that behind-the-scenes and on-camera problems with fellow  ...
b Joe Manchin Turns Over A New Leaf About Bitcoin
e New film Old Fashioned is 50 Shades of Grey for Christians, claims its creator
e Radio Host of 'American Top 40' Casey Kasem Dies at 82
t Total lunar eclipse occurs Monday night
t Microsoft to launch Xbox One in China on Sept. 23 for $599
t A Salad Bar for the Space Station
e Willow Smith Takes A Questionable Photo
m Beef sold at Whole Foods in Rhode Island recalled
b Pending home sales surge in May, highest in four years
e Calista Flockhart visits Harrison Ford in hospital
m What SPF Factor Sunscreen Should I Use?
t Galaxy S5 bests Nexus 5, iPhone 5S, HTC One M8 in torture gauntlet
m State Roundup: Federal Judge Lets Ariz. Abortion Rules Stand; Mich. Medicaid  ...
m Anti-tobacco laws up in smoke
e Hobbit's farewell to Comic-Con
t Mark Zuckerberg to use drones, satellites for Internet like Google Loon
t Google Glass update arrives hours before it goes on sale, removes video chat
e Harris to give evidence at child sex trial
e Letter: Church's services show its own revival
t Good News and Bad for VA in "State of the Air" Report
b Mortgage Home Loan Rates Remain Steady at US Bank Corp on March 19, 2014
e 'Fast & Furious 7' to Resume Filming: 'We'll Have Hard Prayer,' Tyrese Gibson Says
e Game of Thrones Season Four Premiere
b Microsoft: Buy After Earnings
b American Apparel Board fires CEO Dov Charney over 'misconduct'
e Neighbors producers talk frats, families, and stuff they cut that went too far
e Ariana Grande, Miley Cyrus, Lorde & More Land 2014 MTV VMA Nominations!
e Miranda Lambert is big winner at ACM Awards 2014
b Asiana faults automatic throttles in doomed flight
t Facebook Has Entered The Virtual Reality Space By Buying Oculus VR Inc.
b Will Consumer Confidence Data Push Gold Prices Even Lower Today?
e Shooting At Nightclub After BET Awards
b S&P 500 hits milestone, tops 2000 for first time
e Transformers comes out on top for opening weekend
e Billy Bob Thornton talks 'Fargo'
e Young Bruce Wayne gets his big moment in the first trailer for Batman TV spin-off  ...
t Lunar eclipse show could be hidden by clouds and rain in Pennsylvania
b Kraft Recalls Knudsen, Breakstone's and other Cottage Cheese Brands due to  ...
m The Odds of Alzheimer's in Your Family
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Prime with 2K screen is on its way
e Mt. Zion to begin revival services
b Staples shoppers could face postal workers' picket line on Thurs.
e 'Foxcatcher' New Teaser: Steve Carell Is the World's Creepiest Wrestling Coach  ...
b Weibo Shares Jump in Market Debut
b The Median CEO Salary Has Gotten Even More Ridiculous
b Homeless New Yorkers angered by businessman's lunch
b BlackBerry to announce app licensing deal with Amazon - sources
e Seth Meyers to Host the 2014 Emmy Awards
t Microsoft continues its fast push into mobile management
e Fox aims for remake with new fall lineup
e Police dig into fatal shooting of Jace's wife - WSVN-TV - 7NEWS Miami Ft  ...
e Solange VS Jay Z Elevator Fight: Real Reason Behind Fight Revealed!
e Chris Brown Jailed For One Month [VIDEO]
b People evacuated from Channel Tunnel following power failure delays
e Angus T. Jones Slams 'Two And A Half Men' After Finding Christianity: "I Was A  ...
e 'Earth' echoes alien favorite 'ET'
t Instagram reaches 200m users
b Venture capitalist Draper wins entire cache in bitcoin auction
e 'Tammy': Another slapstick role for McCarthy
e Elisabeth Moss: I don't suck
t B-Class Electric Drive Gets Its Pricing Sorted Out [Photo Gallery]
b Why Buying EUR Now is Not a Good Idea
b Big Banks Surprise with Better Earnings, Google Sells Out of Glass
m Man reported missing in Ashland, KY
t Microsoft reportedly axed a smaller Surface
t Why does the zebra have black and white stripes
m Missed ADHD Diagnosis, Lost Childhood
e In Defence Of Lindsay Lohan Falling Over: Could She Have Been Preparing For  ...
t World Trade Center Ship Traced to Colonial-Era Philadelphia
m The health ministry has focused special attention to control the spread the MERS  ...
e Charlize Theron, Jennifer Lopez, and the International Street Style Set Looked  ...
t Network engineers on Net neutrality debate: Protect 'Open Internet'
b China's inflation slows to 2.3% year-on-year in June
b Board strips Washington Redskins of trademark protection due to 'disparaging  ...
b European shares edge higher as BNP Paribas rebounds
t Motorola May Have Teased Moto X+1 Price Ahead of Launch Date
e Nicola Peltz's Movie 'Transformers 4' is Doing Amazing Business in China!
t Microsoft Giving Away $100 Gift Card to Windows XP Users
e Grocers bite back at "Fed Up" documentary
e Neighbors: Mom and Dad vs. rude, crude and lewd
e Ultraviolence
t Apple poaches another exec as iWatch nears
b Oil Slides on Prospects of Hiking Inventories, Brent Drops
e Star Wars: Episode VII Could Earn $2bn at Box Office
e Potato salad Kickstarter effort gets Zack 'Danger' Brown $38K
b The Best International Food Markets In The DC Area
e Lily Allen Joining Miley Cyrus's Bangerz Tour
m Minnesota Just Became the First State to Ban Anti-Bacterial Soap
e Federal Way man sells first Superman comic book for record $3.2 million
b The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Coach, Michael Kors Holdings, Kate Spade  ...
t Twitter announces photo tagging, multiple photo uploads per tweet rolling out to  ...
e Clamp Malfunction Caused Scary Circus Accident, Three Critical
t Xbox One will launch in China with two free games, free Xbox Gold till March 2015
t Conan O' Brien plays Watch Dogs for six minutes (Video)
m Bahrain to launch campaign against Mers virus
t Infamous urban legend turns out to be true
b Will Mikhail Khodorkovsky Benefit From $50 Billion Ruling Against Russia?
m Ebola virus strikes Guinea
e 'Gabo', an Influence 'All Over The Planet'
b Coldwater Creek plans to close stores
t Pew study: Internet affected by government intrusion, corporate interests
b ROYAL DUTCH SHELL PLC: 1st Quarter 2014 Unaudited Results
e Paul Simon's wife Edie Brickell says their arrest for fighting was her fault; 'I  ...
e Publicist: Shia LaBeouf receiving treatment for alcohol addiction but isn't in rehab
m E.coli outbreak in Idaho, Wshington linked to sprouts, hummus
e Chris Soules 2015 'Bachelor': Sexy Farmer 'Grateful' for Second Chance at  ...
b Study: Number of Uninsured in California Plunges Due to Obamacare
e 'Divergent' review: Silly, but teen stars shine
e Official trailer for 'Gone Girl' released
b Alcatel-Lucent Expected to Report More Narrow Loss
e Of Gandhi, Jinnah and Attenborough
e Movie review: Transcendence a gorgeous, but unmoving, cautionary tale
e ADELE to Possibly Release Album This Year, New Tweet Indicates Title
e Modern Family's Sofia Vergara 'Is Dating Joe Manganiello'?
e Mark Wahlberg goes to China, brings back bags of money for 'Transformers': this  ...
e Ex-'Two and a Half Men' star Angus T. Jones resurfaces (with a beard!) -- VIDEO
e Beyonce Receives The Michael Jackson Video Vanguard Award At VMAs
e Casey Kasemâ€™s end-of-life drama: a lesson for the rest of us
e Final Divergent sequel to be split into two parts
t Google: Road Ahead Looks Good for Its Self-Driving Cars
t Average Okla. gas price climbs to $3.48 per gallon
b London Black Cab Fury Turns to the "Scabs" at Hailo
e Cara Delevingne and Michelle Rodriguez Frolic on Romantic Getaway
e The divorce of actress Gwyneth Paltrow and rocker Chris Martin might spawn a  ...
b Nasdaq Sees Greatest One-Day Decline Since Nov 2011, VIX Heads North
t Google Boosts Music Offerings With Songza Deal
m DNA Test Detects Colon Cancer at Higher Rate, Study Finds
b Rising bad loans threaten economic recovery: OECD
b Indian Ocean acoustic data could yield clues about MH370
e Lea Michele, Matthew Paetz hold hands at LAX
t Pyramid Missing From 3K-Year-Old Egyptian Tomb
e Miley Cyrus Cancels Concert At Last Minute
m Health care sign-ups could use miracle finish
e 'The Walking Dead' Season 4 Recap, Episode 16: 'A' [Spoilers]
t Apple TV gets quiet cut in UK and Europe
e Six Iranians arrested for posting Pharrell's 'Happy' on YouTube
b Plane Hunt: Bad Weather Hits Search For Objects
e Khloé and Kim Kardashian: Battle of the Butts!
t MARCIA DUNN, AP Aerospace Writer
t Aldrin: Where were you when I walked on moon?
t Google controlling Android Wear, TV, and Auto interfaces across devices
b Survey Shatters ObamaCare Talking Points
e Miley Cyrus shares bizarre painted face selfies... as godmother Dolly Parton  ...
t Google Glass to be available for everyone today only at 9am EDT
b UK Retail Sales Sees Best Period of Growth Since 2007
b Has The US Shale Oil Miracle Disappeared?
e Police identify Calif. shooting suspect as Elliot Rodger
b Markets today: 5 things you may have missed
e Jay Z and Beyonce Announce On The Run Tour
t New Entry Level iMac, $200 Cheaper, But Is It a Must Buy?
m Nearly 1 in 5 high school seniors have tried hookah
e Woop! Sarah Jessica Parker is returning to TV 12:41PM
t 2015 Ram ProMaster City Ready to Work With Mopar Accessories
b Jury hits Takeda, Eli Lilly with $9-billion penalty
e [UPDATED] Community To Return For Another Season. Yes, For Real This Time.
e Sofía Vergara Ends Engagement To Nick Loeb
t Coats, Fischer, Ayotte Raise Concerns to FCC Chairman On Net Neutrality  ...
e Iran's leader urges regional unity in Afghan visit
m Stepping out
b US inflation rise boosts dollar and Treasury yields
m Malaria vaccine could be ready in TWO YEARS - and would save 620000 lives a  ...
t Red Hat Enterprise Virtualization Gets Big Update
b That didn't take long: Japan eyes stimulus exit
b Mortgage Rates Move Slightly Higher This Week
e George Clooney criticises Daily Mail for 'dangerous' story about his fiancée
b Tech slump lowers US stocks
b Gas prices rising: Fourth of July prices expected to be highest since 2008
e The Rolling Stones Aiming For October/November Return To Australia
m Lancaster County company hails contraception decision
m Health Highlights: July 9, 2014
e Madonna to helm film adaptation of interracial romance novel 'Ade: A Love Story'
e Done Deal: Rosie O'Donnell Set To Rejoin 'The View'
b Bar cars make last run on trains to NYC
e Concert Review: Miley Cyrus' boundary-pushing Bangerz still as fresh and  ...
e Miley Cyrus Loses Her Brain in Flaming Lips' NSFW 'SuperFreak' Music Video
e Lohan Sues Over "Grand Theft Auto V" Game
b Crude futures drop on US data, waning Mideast supply fears
b IMF's Lagarde: Public investment can aid growth
e Watch: Pharrell's guest-heavy performance at Coachella 2014
e Emma Stone To Team Up With Woody Allen For Second Movie
t Robots At Tokyo Museum, Kodomoroid And Otonaroid Look Eerily Human  ...
e 'Mad Men' Season 7, Episode 5 recap: Don Draper's threesome is least bizarre  ...
m Don't get burned: Skin cancer on the rise
b Handset-free Nokia returns to profit in Q1
e Turkish Drama Wins Top Cannes Film Prize
e Nicki Minaj Barely Avoids Wardrobe Malfunction While Twerking At VMAs
e Dancing With the Stars: Amy Purdy Sent to the Hospital and More Maks and  ...
e Justin Bieber & Selena Gomez Officially A Couple Again
t All New HTC One Google Play Edition On The Cards
b Shares flat but S&P hits new high; bonds rally on ECB hopes
t It's The Summer Of Supermoons
t The Reason for Apple's Massive $3 Billion Beats Deal? Spotify
m 5 reasons we can't predict the future of health costs
t CORRECTED-Sprint's revenue beats estimate as network upgrade progresses
b Exxon profit surges, but production slips - 7News Boston WHDH-TV
e Beyonce and Jay Z may tour together this summer
b Pfizer walks away from $118 bln AstraZeneca takeover fight
t Amazon's reportedly making a Netflix-style subscription service for e-books
b As Putin looks east, China and Russia sign huge gas supply deal
b Microsoft Office for iPad announcement, live from San Francisco
b WRAPUP 8-Possible debris off Australia a "credible lead" for missing Malaysia jet
e Website where sexual rejects share hatred
b Survey reveals auto suppliers' favorite automakers to work with
t Daily business briefing: HealthCare.gov crashes on deadline
t Sheryl Sandberg: No 2008 Agreement With Google To Limit Recruiting Of Its  ...
e Anti-gay hosts comment on being canned by HGTV
e Clint Eastwood's 'Jersey Boys' Debuts Its First Trailer
e Neighbors Made Zac Efron Want to Do More Comedy
m Dispose of prescription medications at health fair
b Consumer Confidence Bounces Back in March
b Oregon February 2014 Statewide Unemployment Rate
t Google Glass Gets Trendy Makeover
t Mic Companies Await FCC Auction Rules
b EBay and Icahn settle nasty fight over PayPal
t Apple to take control of your house
e George Clooney, Amal Alamuddin Engaged - Stacy Keibler's Ex is Getting Married
t More than 13 deaths in recalled GM cars 'likely', regulator says
t Facebook briefly goes down worldwide
e Entertainer Harris jailed for over 5 yrs for for sex assaults
t Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Tab S – Top Specs and Price  ...
t Uber Responds To Criticism Of London Operations
b Molina Healthcare Enters Oversold Territory (MOH)
b LME OFFICIALS: Base metals prices fall on China slowdown concerns
t The Buyout by AT&T Could Provide an Opportunity to Sell DirecTV at the Top
m HealthCare.gov gets a CEO
b Europe weighs risks of negative rates
e Miley Cyrus is playing Toronto's Air Canada Centre Monday night
t T-Mobile Needs Its New Family Plan to Fend Off AT&T and Verizon
e NSFW: Mayor Garcetti Drops The "F-Bomb" During LA Kings Rally Speech
m Ebola Challenges West African countries as WHO ramps up response
e Justin Timberlake, Lorde, Robin Thicke win at 2014 Billboard Awards JT  ...
t HTC M8 Ace launching on June 3, rumor has it
t Google's Nest Labs Reaches Out to Developers
t Google offering $150 credits to make up for Chromebook data debacle
e Robert Kardashian sends Khloe Kardashian birthday wishes but is a no show
t Launch of NASA Space Observatory on track for 2:56 a.m. Tuesday
b Nissan earnings boosted by North America gains
e Chicago Restaurant Feeding $100 Grilled Cheese to Gimmick-Hungry Guests
e Jazzman Jimmy Scott Dies At 88
e INTERVIEW: Cristin Milioti on her favorite HIMYM scene to film
b Wall Street little changed, set to end quarter higher
e Robert Pattinson's sister makes it through to X Factor arena auditions
b EUR/USD dips below 1.3760
t Samsung brings the beautiful game to supporters
b Oil falls below $104 per barrel
e NYT publisher again defends removal of Abramson
b The White House behaving badly: On the road to stinkburger
e Eric R. Danton
e Exclusive: Emma Roberts Dances In Clip From Gia Coppola's 'Palo Alto'
e Russell Crowe praises Darren Aronofsky for using CGI for animals in Noah
b Euro Shrugs off Low CPI as USD/JPY Hits 2 Week Highs
t Mars rover set an off-world driving distance record this week
m Teenager at center of medical custody dispute returned to parents' home in  ...
m Federal regulators aim to fight black lung with new coal dust limits in mines
t Crews unearth decades-old Atari games underneath Alamogordo landfill
b Twitter shares fall 10% as losses widen
b Unhappy with Hong Kong
b Facebook Posts Earnings Beat as Mobile Soars Past One Billion Monthly Users
b Russian Forces Double Along Ukraine Border
e Chris Martin and Bruce Springsteen Confirmed To Present At Rock and Roll Hall  ...
e Jay Z and Beyonce trek on track to be second best-selling tour per show
e Watch Sam Woolf Sing “Come Together” in American Idol 2014 Top 11 — March  ...
b Water Main Break Ruins Basement of Katz's Delicatessen
b Poll suggests rate of uninsured Americans dropped among all groups; Gallup  ...
e Lana Del Rey insists she doesn't find dying young glam
b Is WH on verge of extending Obamacare open enrollment period?
e Breaking news Fans back One Direction amid 'drugs' controversy
e T.I. Discredit Rumors Of A Black Eye From Mayweather
t Iran reportedly blocks WhatsApp because it's owned by Mark Zuckerberg
b Yellen makes careful forecast on economy
e The Best 'Scandal' Episode Yet
e Weird Al Spoofs Pharrell's 'Happy' With 'Tacky' [VIDEO]
t Elon Musk's Patent Move Made Him the King of Social Last Week
e Robin Thicke Sings to Paula Patton at BET Awards 2014: 'I Miss You & I'm Sorry  ...
e Game of Thrones season four trailer: dragons, death and deception – video
t Editorial: Yes, climate change is real and damaging
b US Marshals bitcoin auction sees SecondMarket, Pantera outbid
t Luxottica Shares Rise Sharply on Google Glass Deal
e Faith-driven critics protest HGTV's decision to cancel show
b UberX Is Now Cheaper Than Taking a Regular Taxi in New York
b Russian deputy PM says has high hopes for China gas deal
e Gwar Frontman's Death Due to Heroin Overdose
e Juan Pablo Says He's Not the Character of 'The Bachelor'
b Gold edges higher ahead of busy week
t Titanfall review round-up
t Facebook purchases virtual reality company Oculus in latest mega-deal
m Don't blame over-eating: Rise in obesity likely due to decline in obesity
b Private Sector Adds 281000 Jobs in June
t NASA's 'Global Selfie' Mosaic Shows We All Belong To One Big, Beautiful World  ...
e Lady Gaga unveils 'GUY' music video - watch
m Father Devises A 'Bionic Pancreas' To Help Son With Diabetes
b 5 Buyout Targets That Could Produce Instant Profits
t Lumia 2520 Sales Halted in Europe Over Faulty Charger Concern
e Watch the Most Amazing Wheel of Fortune Guess Pat Sajak Has Ever Seen
b Lawsuits: Firms Scamming Folks WIth Student Loans
b How Much Will Icahn Pocket In Family Dollar Sale? (Hint: A lot)
e Amazon and HBO Team Up in Content Distribution Deal
e Wright OUT of Ant-Man
m ASCO: Higher Breast Ca Risk for Childhood Cancer Survivors
e North Korea threatens war over new James Franco and Seth Rogen film
b S&P 500 Futures Close to New Historical Highs
e Emotional night at Rock Hall induction
t Tech companies urge US FCC to scrap 'net neutrality' plan
m Cocaine Use Down, Weed Smoking Up in US
b GM recalls 824000 more cars over ignition problem
b Report: US Patent Office Terminates 'Redskins' Trademark
m Texas Reports First West Nile Case This Season
b Firm controls American Apparel founder's stake
t Nokia X2 Dual SIM Officially Unveiled in India: Top 5 Features You Should Know  ...
e The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies first teaser offers action
m New test can detect onset of Alzheimer's, study shows
t Gas prices jump 14.4 cents
e Dancing with the Stars 2014 Results Recap: Finale – The Winner Is…
t Net Neutrality: Netflix Goes Directly to the FCC as Google, Yahoo, and Others  ...
t Google Glass, Coming Soon To A Mall Near You
t LG G Watch R
m Government to push food companies to lower salt
e Jonah Hill Has To Kiss Channing Tatum's Penis If Asked
b Southwest Airlines to make big announcement on future plans
e Chris Tucker Explains Jay Z and Solange's Elevator Fight (VIDEO)
e Lindsay Lohan Sues "Grand Theft Auto V" for Using Her Likeness
e “The Voice” Recap – Ursh and Shaks Live to Fight Another Day
b Vail Daily letter: Simplify the tax code
e Shelia Sim: Elegant, supportive wife behind the legend that was Richard  ...
m Uncovered: The Ebola Burial Team
t Apple to Pay $450M in eBook Settlement
t Appeals court sides with Oracle in copyright suit vs Google
t NHTSA Ends Tesla Fire Probe, Finds No Defect
e MALEFICENT: Concept Art Of Fantastical Creatures & New Hi-Res Stills
e N. Korea says Kim assassination comedy an 'act of terror'
b Ex-Yukos shareholders awarded compensation
t Amazon testing Kindle Unlimited, a Netflix-like service for ebooks
e Pharrell Has Some Odd Thoughts on Hillary 2016 and Republican Twerking
b 100 years on, airlines hampered by history, IATA says
e MTV Movie Awards: Paul Walker Remembered
t Canadian taxman says hundreds pierced by Heartbleed SSL skewer
b BSkyB eyes to create pan-European pay TV giant
b Press Release: NMI(R) at 55.2%; April Non-Manufacturing ISM(R) Report On  ...
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Concept Phone Boasts Higher End Specs than Galaxy S5
m World's First Transcatheter Valve, Medtronic Melody(R) Transcatheter  ...
e 5 day beauty countdown to your wedding
b Tech stocks hit as markets dive
m 'Seven-a-day' fruit and veg call, full employment and April Fool spoofs
b Yahoo! net income drops 20% to $312 mn in Q1
e Debate Over What to do With Relics of 1964 World's Fair
e Indie Labels Speak Out Against Negative Effects Of Major Labels On Record  ...
m Mers death toll rises to 126 in Saudi Arabia: Health Ministry
b Stock Update: Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) – Exxon Mobil Corporation  ...
b Premarket: Subdued German sentiment takes shine off European stocks
t Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA), Yelp Inc (YELP): Trending Tickers by Jeff Macke
t These 3D-Printed Earbuds May Actually Stay in Your Ears
t Google Bought Songza For $39 Million
t Stopping the #Heartbleed: What Edtech Entrepreneurs Must Let Users Know
e Cold cash just keeps coming in from ALS ice bucket challenge
b US private sector created 220000 in April: ADP
b Fire Phone specs and features: Everything you need to know
m Son says NC-based missionary fighting Ebola
t Canberra glows during Earth Hour to protect the reef
b Oil prices extend drop on supply disruption
b MARKET COMMENT: UK Stocks Called Higher Ahead Of Data
t Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 7.0: Alleged leaked pictures hint the launch on April 24
b TEPCO underestimates radiation doses for 142 Fukushima workers
b Australian Dollar Steady Ahead Of RBA Rate Decision
e New twist at Pride Parade: Couples wed
b ECB prepared to ease if inflation low for too long - Noyer
b DHM Markets/Marketers: CPI, LGM-Dairy
b Market Basket corporate employees threaten walkout
b ND pumping 1 million barrels of oil per day
m Drug-resistant malaria hits SE Asia
e Chris Brown's Trial On Assault Charge Delayed; Bodyguard Convicted
e New Hunger Games: Mockingjay Teaser Trailer Premieres, and It's Super Creepy
e Ultimate Warrior died from cardiovascular disease
e Jennifer Love Hewitt marries in secret
b Survey: gas prices down four cents per gallon
e Iowa man is ABC's latest “Bachelor”
t Apple iWatch Will 'Stay Under Wraps' at WWDC Conference: Release Date Still  ...
t In Anticipation of WWDC: Apple Source Told about the Main Innovations in iOS 8  ...
e Meryl Davis & Maks Chmerkovskiy Show Sweet…
b Iraq tension triggers P1+/liter gas price hike
e 'The Voice': Coldplay Performs Before The Winner Is Revealed
m Being bilingual 'slows brain ageing'
b Euro roughly flat after Eurosceptic surge
e Helloooooo 'Mrs Doubtfire' Sequel is Coming- Robin Williams Set to Reprise His  ...
b March 17, 2014 11:09 am
t Austin MotoGP: Marc Marquez storms to pole in all-Honda front row
t Facebook violated FTC order, EPIC says, news feed algorithm should be made  ...
b Daniel Bryan: Former WWE World Heavyweight Champion at Money in the Bank  ...
b DoJ, BofA mortgage talks stall: Sources
t Oculus acquisition: Why Facebook and not Google?
m U.S. doctor exposed to MERS leaves Canada
e Chace Crawford previews 'Glee's' 100th episode in new sneak peek
m HHS unveils two moves to improve patient-centered care
e Star Wars: Episode 7 set to start filming in Morocco in May
t Facebook changes mean more intrusion into your history
b Marijuana packaging law clarified in Colorado
b Russia may actually be hurting from the US, EU sanctions
t VIDEO: Facebook To Offer 'Privacy Checkup' To Its Billion Users
t Apple, Samsung Combined For About 75 Percent Of Q1 Smartphone Shipments
t Soybeans rise on signs that supplies remain tight
b Pfizer considers raising bid for AstraZeneca: Bloomberg
b US consumer confidence rises in June
t Mistakes Were Made on Ignition Recall: GM's Top Lawyer
b From an English teacher to a dotcom billionaire, rise of Alibaba founder Jack Ma
b Car with 3 dead apparently was parked for hours
e Star Wars: Episode VII Cast Is Revealed, Including Adam Sackler and Llewyn  ...
m During Crazy LBJ Traffic Jam, Dallas Police Officer Sent Motorists Up A Closed  ...
t High-Quality Photos of iPhone 6 in Silver and Black Posted
e Jessica Simpson & Eric Johnson Prepare For Their 4th Of July Weekend Wedding
e You can't fake authenticity. But Mark Ruffalo and co. sure try.
m Humans can recognise one trillion odours
e 'Full House' reboot may be on the way with (almost full) original cast
b Australian PM Abbott 'Confident' Signals Are from Missing Plane
e Justin Bieber gives surprise performance at South by Southwest
e Bassett to direct Whitney Houston film
e 'American Idol:' Rock week off to rocky start while ratings continue to plummet
b Credit Suisse pleads guilty in tax evasion case
m Human Nose Can Detect At Least 1 Trillion Odours – Study
m Salmonella and E. Coli Infect Over 70 People in Sprouted Chia Seeds and Clover
e Welcome, Pippa: The Middletons Are Coming To America!
m 5 myths about mosquito bites busted
m Survey Finds E-Cigarette Online Market On Fire
e Churches' Easter weekend schedules
e 'HIMYM' Reunion: Will Cast Reunite In 'How I Met Your Dad' Spinoff?
e Statement from President Clinton on the Death of Maya Angelou
t Global warming to drive up food costs among worlds' poorest
e 'Capt. America' tops box office for third week; Rio 2 second
e 'The Voice' Playoffs: Four Singers Eliminated By Adam & Shakira
t Aging iPhone 5 Gets Price Cuts in Anticipation of iPhone 6 Release Date
b Stocks Tumble in Russia After US Adds Sanctions
t Bitcoin exchange Mt Gox gets hacked, is accused of understating losses
m WHO: Ebola outbreak eventually could exceed 20000 cases, more than 6 times  ...
e Godzilla stomps out competition for box office win
b Vietnamese cry foul after fishing boat sinks
t Google announces software update for Glass, removes video calling
e Jenny McCarthy exiting 'The View' as co-host Shepherd quits
t Watch 'The Daily Show' mock Google Glass enthusiast Sarah Slocum
m One In Six Women Over 60 Will Face Alzheimer's
e Shaggy, Merry and more: Casey Kasem's greatest cartoon voices
b Gold Remains Below $1275 before Fed
t GM stops Cruze sales for air bag issue
t Has Tesla Settled on Reno?
b Construction material giants Holcim, Lafarge to merge by next year
t Lunar eclipse, the Blood Moon on Monday could lead to early dismissal of  ...
b Student Debt Settlement Companies Draw Legal Action in Illinois
t NASA Again Halts Launch of CO2-Monitoring Satellite
m Southeast Asia Declared Free of Polio
e Star Wars: Episode VII filming begins
e Eminem Celebrates Mother's Day with 'Headlights'
t Musk opens up Tesla car's patents to others
t Human or Machine? Life-Like Android Robots from Japan Show Glimpses of the  ...
m Coffee May Help Prevent Blindness
t Amazon's Twitch Acquisition Is Official
m How A High Protein Diet Could Limit Your Chances Of Having A Stroke
e Kim Kardashian going braless because bra harms breasts?
e Gwyneth Paltrow won't join Coldplay on tour
e Final 'X-Men: Days Of Future Past' trailer revealed - watch
b Gold eases after six-day win streak
b Turkey blocks Twitter
b J&J Accepts $4B Offer For Diagnostics Unit
e French Montana Buys Khloe Kardashian A Jeep For Birthday, Parties In The BX  ...
e Beyoncé and Jay Z May Be Going Out on Tour Together
e Kanye West & Kim Kardashian Cover Vogue Magazine [PHOTO]
t Watch The Most Detailed Simulation Of the Universe Ever Created
b IKEA to hike hourly pay in US by 17%, the most in 10 years
b Protest calls for GMO food labeling
e Ben Affleck Speaks Out After Being Hit With A Blackjack Ban At Vegas Casino
e Diane Sawyer: A Look Back
m Olive oil and lettuce can 'reduce blood pressure'
b Cash sales still dominate Las Vegas housing market
b ECB ready to take action against low inflation and strong Euro, says Dragui
b Should You Buy Helmerich & Payne (HP) Ahead of Earnings? - Tale of the Tape
t How the FCC Makes Its Rules
b Current Mortgage Rates Today: Bank of America Home Loans and Refinance  ...
b Final words from missing Malaysia jet came after systems shutdown
e Maxim Crowns Candice Swanepoel the Hottest Woman in the World
e Angelina Jolie's Wings In 'Maleficent' Trailer: Her Shocking New Look
b Stocks sink as technology shares resume selloff
t Meet FB Newswire, Facebook's newest weapon in its arsenal against Twitter
e Will Bruce Jenner Walk Kim Kardashian Down The Aisle?
e Autobirds, Transform and Roll Out
b Citi Moves To Ease Corporate Travel Pain
t Greeted by a bloody moon
m 4000 pounds of beef recalled over mad cow fears
e Eight crazy Kickstarter campaigns that should never have succeeded
m Test accurately rules out heart attacks in the ER (Update)
e 'Weird Al' Spoofs 'Royals' With 'Foil' Video, Which Is About Aluminum Foil (Of  ...
b Red Lobster: Why is owner selling the chain?
b Gold, Crude Oil Fall As Iraq Tensions Fade
b Forex - Dollar hits 3-1/2 month lows against yen
b U.S. Weekly Jobless Claims Fall To Nearly Four-Month Low
e Weird Al Takes Down 'Blurred Lines' And Lyric Videos With 'Word Crimes': Watch
b IMF warns Russian economy in recession as fears of sanctions loom
t 100 arrested in global raids on 'BlackShades' hackers
e Casey Kasem's Reflections on the Power of Radio and Music
e Feds Say Powdered Alcohol Not Ready Yet
e Critics call for Colbert Report cancellation after 'Ching-Chong Ding-Dong' Asian  ...
e Cory Monteith's parents open up about his death a year later
t Twitter restores TweetDeck service after XSS worm floods victims' feeds
e Casey Kasem and the Death of American Mass Culture
e Many people attending Swedish DJ's Boston dance music show hospitalized  ...
b Mortgage Rates Unchanged at Wells Fargo, US Bank and PHH Mortgage Today  ...
t Google's YouTube reportedly buying Twitch in $1 billion takeover deal
b Jet magazine to end print publication, move to digital app
e New 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' clip FINALLY shows a fight with sentinels
t Google to focus more on wearable devices
e Check Out the Chilling First Trailer for David Fincher's "Gone Girl"
m Sierra Leone warns of contact with Ebola infected
e 'Veronica Mars' is a solid cinematic turn
b LinkedIn Announces They Have Reached 300 Million Members Worldwide
e Pregnant Beyonce and Cheating Jay Z Elevator Fight Divorce: New Tour  ...
t Accused Russian hacker claimed authorship of 'Zeus' malware: FBI
m Nickel Rash: iPad, Other Electronics Could Cause Allergic Reaction
e Game Of Thrones Season 4 Episode 8 Preview: The Mountain and the Viper
b SunTrust Reaches $1 Billion Settlement Over Mortgage Servicing Abuse Claims
t Teenagers' cars are older, smaller and less safe: study
e VIDEO: Ice-T & Body Count Perform 'Enter the Dark Side' on FALLON
e Snowboarder Shaun White Crashes Fan's High School Prom (Photos)
b US navy hands rogue oil tanker back to Libya
e Mila Kunis and Ashton Kutcher were planning to have kids for nearly a year
e Kristen Bell Is Pregnant (Again)!
t Will the UN's New Report Shift the Climate Change Debate?
e WATCH: Miley Cyrus has drug overdose, smokes pot in NSFW short film with  ...
t Samsung Galaxy S5 vs. HTC One (M8) vs. Apple iPhone 5S
b Gold tumbles as dollar gains, investors cash in
t Speed reading apps are great for snippets but not sonnets
b Economists on Piketty Error Charges: Meh
e The Amazing Spider-Man 2 Out Today on PS3, PS4
e Courtney Love: I have found missing Malaysia Airlines plane
t Two new Chromebooks released by Lenovo
m Kaiser Permanente Pharmacist Strike Canceled as Negotiations Continue
b UPDATE 5-Alibaba revenue accelerates ahead of IPO
m Cheap Food May be the Real Reason Behind American Obesity Epidemic
e 'A Hard Day's Night': It was 50 years ago today that The Beatles taught the film  ...
t World Wide Web turns 25 this month
e Disney Chief Reveals 'Star Wars: VII' Casting Almost Complete, Says Film Is  ...
e Country singer Brad Paisley posts selfies with Westboro members - WAFB 9  ...
t Garmin debuts víago navigation app for the iPhone
b Duke Energy shareholders call for independent investigation in wake of coal ash  ...
t Make Way for Yellow Nexus 5 and Galaxy S5 Play Edition
b Fed rejects capital plans of several megabanks
b Aquino: ASEAN must tackle China sea claims
t What to expect from the Amazon smartphone
b Fed could fall behind the curve, Bullard warns
e Gai Scott: Nephew of Benzino ID'd as Shooter
b Fitch pegs India s growth this fiscal at 5 5 percent
e The time the Secret Service threatened Mr. Met's life
e JK Rowling's Harry Potter spin-off to be made into film trilogy
e Tambourine Celebrates Cinco de Mayo with 5 Spicy Hotel Marketing Tips
t Smartphone 'kill switch' coming in 2015: Apple, Samsung, Google, US wireless  ...
e The Weird Things Jennifer Lawrence and Shailene Woodley Do
b Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos gives update on online retailer's drone, grocery  ...
t Apple CEO Tim Cook Calls 'Haunted Empire' Nonsense, Says It Fails To Depict  ...
e Beyonce's Response to Cheating Rumors Is Just What We Expected
e James Franco on Lindsay Lohan's Sex List: She "Has Told Lies About Me"
e James Franco, The Muppets spoof Kim and Kanye Vogue cover
e SIX IRANIANS ARRESTED FOR MAKING 'HAPPY' PARODY VIDEO
m Scale of Guinea's Ebola epidemic unprecedented: aid agency
e 'Jay-Z Cheats on Beyonce with Tape Found by Solange Knowles' is Facebook  ...
t Did NSA know about Heartbleed web bug?
b The Ronald McDonald Make-Over; Yay or Nay?
t Samsung announces Galaxy Core 2 and three other budget handsets
t Eight is great as Mario Kart gears up to save Wii U
e Depp's Transcendent lethargy
m Veterans bill in trouble after $17.6B request
e Amazon to Stream 'The Sopranos' and Other HBO Shows
b General Motors offers apology
e Miley Cyrus sheds Disney image on tour
e Sherri Shepherd leaving 'The View' after 7 years
e Brittany Kerr and Jason Aldean: Dating!
m Dr. Oz Defends Diet Advice at McCaskill's Senate Hearing
e Chris Brown 'Going Crazy in Prison'
m Study finds diagnosing physicians influence treatment decisions for prostate  ...
t BlackBerry launches a low-cost touchscreen device
e #MayaTaughtMe: The Lessons Learned From Maya Angelou
b BlackBerry 1Q Tops Estimates as Company Edges Closer to Hardware Profit
t Dinosaurs Were Neither Warm Nor Cold Blooded, Study
b Puerto Rico: austerity law may spark strike
b French bank fined whopping $9 billion for violations
t 2015 Jeep Renegade Invades US at New York Auto Show
e George Clooney rips Daily Mail in op-ed
m Heart attacks rise after clocks go forward
b Carney sets stage for rate rise
m Michigan Man Among 1st to Get 'Bionic Eye'
e Fifty Shades of Grey app to reward trailer 2
b Visa, Mastercard block transactions for sanctioned banks
b Zillow buys Trulia in $3.5B deal to merge the two biggest real estate advertising  ...
b Zillow Bought Trulia Because 'the Stars Aligned'
e Nirvana, Kiss, Springsteen's E Street Band inducted into rock hall
b Elizabeth Arden's (RDEN) CEO Scott Beattie on Q3 2014 Results - Earnings Call  ...
b Euroskeptic election surge gives EU a headache
b 3 Numbers: UK CPI to stay steady, German ZEW, US Housing Starts
b Posted by Imaduddin
e The Walking Dead Season 4 Season Finale: "Big Questions" Will Be Answered  ...
e Michael Jackson death: Five years later, fans still come out
e Peter Mayhew confirmed to return as Chewbacca in Star Wars: Episode VII
b Self-driving trucks are here: Daimler introduces 'Highway Pilot' autonomous truck
t SC drivers can expect to see lower prices at the pump
t Nintendo 2014 Financials Revealed: Wii U Sells 6.17 Million Units in Lifetime
e Coachella Festival 2014 Live Stream — Watch
b Facebook, Inc. (FB) CEO Mark Zuckerberg drops salary down to $1
b Cement Makers Lafarge, Holcim Approve Major Merger
b Twitter Cofounders and CEO Have No Plans to Sell Shares
t US court declines to hear Microsoft case
m Australian Men Rank Third in World's Longest Life Expectancy Report, Kiwi Men  ...
t EnvironmentFriendly Solar Cell Developed In Lab
e WATCH: 'How I Met Your Mother' — Ted's Kids Fight Back Video
t Google deluged by 'right to be forgotten' requests
t Social Media Today: Twitter Update, New Social Trend, Twitter Fights Ban
e Actress Jenny Mollen puts it out there in new book
t Google Sets Sights On TVs, Cars And Watches, Beyond Mere Smartphones
t 1773 ship's a revolution revelation
e Will Smith To Play Doctor Who Exposed NFL's Concussion Problem
e JK Rowling writes new story featuring 'greying' Harry Potter aged 33 on  ...
e BRAZIL BEAT: Teacher makes history for Australia
e Weird Al's latest parody targets Lorde
e George Clooney slams false marriage reports
t Samsung's Thinnest Tablet Ever: The Galaxy Tab S
t GM CEO listens to customer complaints
b Business built on cupcake fad crumbles, shows need for menu diversity
t COLUMN-US Supreme Court looks backward in Aereo ruling: Frankel
e Sex Tape: Rob Corddry & Ellie Kemper Interview
b Focus: Hillshire diversifies with Pinnacle deal
e Saturday, April 19, is Record Store Day
b Amazon's sales beat estimates on narrower margins
e Frances Bean Cobain Slams Lana Del Ray For Romanticizing Her Dad's Early  ...
e North Korea Warns James Franco, Seth Rogen's 'The Interview' Movie Release  ...
t Facebook Slingshot, the SnapChat that's not SnapChat
b Motorola Inks $3.5B Sale Of Enterprise Business
b Studio interview: PBoC to further push liberalization of Yuan's exchange rate
e Today in Photos (June 25)
e George Clooney 'Spending $2 Million on Wedding'
e Here's Another 'Game of Thrones' Trailer (But This Time With More Dragons!)
e Drake Goes In Disguise For “Jimmy Kimmel Live”
t Are summer gas prices on the rise?
e WATCH: James Franco talks Instagram activity on 'Late Show'
b Legal fees hit Bank of America earnings
e First Look: 'Star Wars: Episode VII' Starts Filming
b General Mills Reverses Legal Terms After Controversy
b EDITORIAL: Uber, Lyft must follow state, local regulations
e Hugh Jackman says he went commando because it's the Australian way
e Broomall-raised creator of 'Friends' brings Jane Fonda, Lily Tomlin to Netflix
e First look: Henry Cavill is smoldering in Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice
b Malaysia Airlines Missing Plane: Searchers Complete Underwater Mission In  ...
e Macklemore accused of anti-Semitism after wearing questionable costume
e Miley Cyrus axes more shows as she remains hospitalised
t Astronaut Spacewalk May Be Needed To Fix Computer Aboard ISS
t Report: Climate change is here and getting worse
t Microsoft unveils Office for iPad
e Lohan Suffered Miscarriage, Geldof Funeral Held in UK
t Comcast's strategic conquest
b 100 arrested in protest outside McDonald's HQ
b Alcoa to Acquire Aerospace Parts Maker for $2.85 Billion
b Herbalife Q1 2014 Earnings Report and Conference Call Highlights
b Redskins Remain Defiant After Trademark Cancellations: 'We Are Confident Will  ...
b Ford: March sales up 3%
e Stars boycott Sultan's Beverly Hills Hotel
t Facebook takes dive into virtual reality
b Interest makes the world go round
b Intel sees strong business PC sales, raises revenue forecast
e Mad Men Recap: Don Draper Faces His Own Obsolescence
b Gas prices rise amid unrest in Middle East
t Facebook's Internet.org Launches In Zambia; Perhaps We Should Be Expanding  ...
b FDA bans imports from Sun Pharma plant in India crackdown
t Sony unveils Project Morpheus for virtual reality on PS4
t Apple's Acquisition Of Beats Could Be Announced Next Week Instead [Rumor]
e Doug Liman to Direct World War II Soccer Drama 'Victory' Remake
b Fed official: Small banks need different rules
b US bacon prices climb as virus kills millions of baby pigs
e Japan Fans Relieved at Reports of Paul McCartney's Recovery
e Michael Bay does not care about `Transformers` critics
e Police procedural has demonic twist
m Guinea's first Ebola survivors return home but stigma remains
b Another GM recall: 1.18M SUVs for air bag issue - FOX5 Vegas - KVVU
e Oprah is a rock star: Hitting the road for eight-city arena tour
e A Rosemary's Baby Featurette Takes You Behind the Scenes
b Andreessen Attacks Carl Icahn With TWA Past
t Steve and Jimmy: The Roots of Apple's Bid for Beats
e Now a Major Motion Picture
b Social Security closing offices as baby boomers age
b Single-Payer Advocates Hit Capitol With New Sense Of Reality
t Happy BDay Andy Rubin: A Person Who Sold Android For $50 Million To  ...
b US new-home sales rose 6.4% in April
b The Walt Disney Company Reports Second Quarter and Six Month Earnings for  ...
b IKEA US Adopts New Minimum Hourly Wage Structure
e Miley Cyrus has fans shown on kiss cam at London concert (Video)
m Dark chocolate for peripheral artery disease - are polyphenols the next new drug  ...
b Publicis Groupe: Press release from the Supervisory Board
e Watch Rolling Stones Play First Concert Since L'Wren Scott's Death
m U.S. Women Saved $483 Million On Their Birth Control Pills Last Year
t Police charge Canadian man in Heartbleed privacy breach at Canada's tax agency
m Researchers Develop Small Dialysis Machine for Newborns with Kidney Injuries
t Scientists Find New Bird-Like Dinosaur - Anzu Wyliei
e Kim Kardashian and Kendall Jenner perfect the leotard 90s trend
t GM's Barra Says She's 'Personally Sorry' About Ignition Recall
m Study finds that runners tend to live longer and have fewer strokes and heart  ...
e Michael Jackson's hologram to perform at Billboard Music Awards
e Dawn Patrol: Funnel clouds over DuPage; Chicago wins museum
t Virtual world tops cosmic charts for scale, rigor
b Samsung Sings Sad Song
t In 50, The Ford Mustang
b Nigerian economy passes SA
b Amazon accused of meddling with Hachette sales
m Long-term use of aspirin may reduce risk for pancreatic cancer
e Shailene Woodley Doesn't Think People Should Be With One Person Forever
b Egypt's government raises fuel prices
b Priceline comes to OpenTable in deal valued at US$2.6b
b European stocks dip, tech shares weigh
b Dollar under ¥103 as Nikkei falls
m Obesity surgery proves effective for treating diabetes
t Facebook's power to manipulate
t Hate Automated Customer Services? This Comcast Rep. Is Downright Rude!
b AbbVie Merging With Shire to Avoid US Taxes
b Bank of America's Bad Math: Dividend and Stock Buyback Suspended
m Cancer analysis tools circumvent biopsies
m Doctors warned of global Ebola outbreak after patient allowed on plane
t RunKeeper gets into the step-tracking game with Breeze
t Dogsthorpe: Car set on fire outside flats
t Wearable technology from Microsoft allows clothing to charge phones
e Home WhatsOn ArtsEntertainment And now for something completely different  ...
e Kit Harington Says 'It's Only Right' To Get Naked For 'Game Of Thrones'
e End of an era: 'Mad Men' wrap-up in sight for creator
b Top Five Stories in Stock Market News Today and Earnings Calendar
e Kate Middleton And Prince William Furious At Pippa Middleton For Her  ...
e Benzino: Rapper Shot While Driving In Mother's Funeral Procession
e 'Mad Men' Season 7 Episode 4 Recap: “The Monolith”
m Surgeon General Issues Call to Action to Prevent Increase in Skin Cancer
e Kim Kardashian's Pals Plan Girls' Night Out In Paris Before She Marries Kanye  ...
b Japan export growth slows in warning about overseas demand
b SC Unemployment Rate Dives to 5.7%
e Iggy and the Stooges' Scott Asheton Dead at 64
t GM recalls now total 17.7 million cars in 2014
t Samsung's Galaxy Glass to Compete with Google Glass
t Google's Nest Makes Huge Bet On The 'Connected Home'
m Indiana MERS Patient Improving as No New Cases Reported
e Cory Monteith was preparing to quit Hollywood
t Interview: Brian Ballard of APX Labs talks about Google Glass in the work  ...
m High Cost Of Potent Hepatitis Drug Presents Challenges Across The US
e Holy Week worship at St. Paul's Episcopal
b Rupee sees biggest fall in 4-1/2 months on Iraq worries
t Nintendo targets return to profit as sales dip
t Games Inbox: Arkham Knight 360, Football Manager 2014 Vita, and Titanfall
e Batman vs Superman Gets its Official Name
e Brittany Murphy 'Something Wicked' Movie Release Date Announced [Video]
m FDA warns consumers of serious allergic reactions with some over-the-counter  ...
e Rolf Harris guilty: but what has Operation Yewtree really taught us about sexual  ...
t Google stops scanning student Gmail accounts after privacy fears
b No Clear Signs of Rate Hikes, US Fed Keeps Slowing Bond Buying
e 'Game of Thrones' Season 4 Trailer 4: Devil Inside
e Our bijou big day: Why weddings should be less about lavish gestures and more  ...
e Sandra Bullock saw intruder from her bedroom door, affidavits say
e The Video for 'Bang Bang' Brings All the Girls to Their Own Yard
e Taylor Swift tops Billboard's money-maker list
t Exxon: Climate change rules won't halt oil and gas; fuels too important for global  ...
e Legendary radio personality Casey Kasem dead at 82
t EXCLUSIVE - Complaint about shutting off Camaro with knee dates back a year
e Ruby Dee dead: Oscar-nominated actress, activist was 91
e Kristen Bell, Dax Shepard expecting second child
e 'Sons of Guns' Star William Hayden Arrested on Charge of Child Rape
b Bill could pressure cities to raise taxes or cut spending
e Meet the 2014 Tribeca Filmmakers #35: Ivan Kavanagh On Putting His Own  ...
e 'Tacky': Weird Al Yankovic Spoof of Pharrell's 'Happy' Thrills Viewers
b Volkswagen to keep adding Chinese capacity amid double-digit growth
m Ebola Virus Symptoms and 10 most deadly diseases video
b Twitter Reacts to Apple's Possible Beats Acquisition
m 5 at 5: World Health Organization warns of polio outbreak
e Beyoncé and Jay Z Showed a Video From Their Secret Wedding Last Night
m How Hong Kong mainstream schools are failing children with autism
t Internet outraged by Facebooks creepy mood experiment - WNEM TV 5
e Disney Parks Refutes Lawsuit Claiming Discrimination Against Autistic Kids
b Even next-gen consoles can't save GameStop's 2013 fiscal year
m Routine doctor visits may greatly lower risk of skin cancer
e Taylor Swift's Friend Lorde Curates, Writes Song For 'Mockingjay – Part 1  ...
b American farmers confront 'big data' revolution
m Obesity: We're not overeating, we're under-exercising, study suggests
b A whiff of hypocrisy at American Apparel: Olive
e Paul Walker's brothers join Fast & Furious 7 to fill in for the late actor
t Rumor: YouTube in Talks to Acquire Twitch
t Buzz Aldrin's one-way trip to Mars
e Kelly Clarkson gives birth to daughter
m Mosquito tests in Rhode Island for West Nile virus, eastern equine encephalitis  ...
e 'Transcendence' - stylish off-beat film
m More places you may have been exposed to measles
e Earth Calendar for June 30th and July 1st
b AT&T's merger bid gets warm reception in House
m Gilead Announces Encouraging Sovaldi Data
t 'Smart' contact lenses a game changer
m NC company under pressure to give experimental drug to ailing 7-year-old
e 'Divergent' Actors Shailene Woodley and Theo James to Show Exclusive Film  ...
t How to Opt Out of Facebook's New Ad-Targeting Program
e RAPPER SURVIVES MUTILATION THEN FALL FROM LA BUILDING
b Candy Crush' Maker King Digital Hopes to Create Fizz With Sequel
t Watch a drone take flight with the Oculus Rift
b Oil Prices Little Changed As Libya Supply Worries Ease
t Pinterest Hits 30 Billion Total Pins, Up 50% In 6 Months
t Cosmic bloom? Early blossom for cherry tree after space trip
t TIM COOK: The Book That Bashes Me And Apple Is 'Nonsense'
b US home building declined 6.5 percent - Americans struggling to afford new  ...
t At Last, (Most) NFL Junkies Will Be Able To Get Sunday Ticket Without A  ...
e MIA to NFL: Prince performed penis guitar
e MOVIE REVIEW: 'Get On Up' doesn't quite rise to Chadwick Boseman's  ...
b Morning Scan: More Fighting Over Fannie, Freddie; Yellen on Shadow Banks
b Emirates cancels 70 A350s after A380 deal
b Top Stories: Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA), General Motors Company  ...
b BMW To Spend $1B To Expand Output At South Carolina Factory By 50%
b Fitch Affirms California Earthquake Authority at 'A'; Outlook Stable
t 3 African Regions At High Risk From Climate Change
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Release Date in Malaysia Could Be as Early as March 27
b Miami Herald update on Colin Kaepernick investigation
b Dollar slips lower, PMI data supports euro
t HeartBleed causing serious threats to web services security
b Tesla GigaFactory to Focus on Local Materials Sourcing
t Buckle up for safety during Click It or Ticket Campaign
b EBay Settles Icahn Proxy Fight, Adds Independent Director
e Ryan Gosling's directorial debut, 'Lost River,' slammed at Cannes Film Festival
t Twitter to Start Selling Mobile-App Promotions to Facebook-Sized Audiences
t Google settles YouTube copyright case
e Transformers: Age of Extinction Seibertron.com Review - SPOILERS
t Tesco to launch new smartphone and updated Hudl 2
t Samsung Says Insurance to Cover Costs From Brazil Theft
e Pharell Williams joins The Voice Season 7 as new coach
t Google looks at Ray-Ban, Oakley partnership for Glass
m Amputation, MI in Diabetics Way Down Since 1990
b LULU: Lululemon Stock Pops Despite Weak Outlook
b Walmart to offer healthier food options
m CDC: As many as 1 in 68 US kids may have autism
e Weekend Box Office Report: '22 Jump Street' Jumps To #1
b Turkish Lira and stocks rally on Fed optimism
t GM announces recall of 59K Saturn vehicles
e 9/11 museum opens in New York
e Peaceful demonstration at Morgan Hill high school on Cinco de Mayo
b FAA Proposing a $12 Million Civil Penalty Against Southwest Airlines
e Scout Willis protests topless in New York at Instagram nipple policy
b Jobless claims edge lower, average remains low
e Friends Reunion: Lisa Kudrow, Courtney Cox, & Jennifer Aniston Appear  ...
e Robin Thicke Names New Album 'Paula' To Win Back Estranged Wife Paula Patton
t GM Recalls Over 3 Million Cars For Safety And Ignition Switch Problems; Victim  ...
e Harrison Ford injured on set of new "Star Wars" movie
e GWAR singer Dave Brockie: Devastated fans take to Twitter
b Euro-Zone Producer Prices Fall
m Stem cell papers retracted
b France agrees to buy 20 per cent stake in Alstom
t Facebook manipulated its users emotions: report
e New True Blood Season 7,Episode 3 Intense Spoiler Promo Clip Released
e 'Fifty Shades of Grey' trailer with Dakota Johnson and Jamie Dornan is most  ...
e Zero Motivation, "Point and Shoot" win Tribeca Festival prizes
e Country singer Brad Paisley posts selfies with Westboro members - WMBFNews  ...
e First Dibs: Solange Finally Addresses the Infamous Elevator Incident
e 'Noah' rises to top of box office with $44M
m FDA warns common uterine fibroid surgeries could spread cancer tissue
e Teenage Girl Arrested Over Tweeted Threat Against Airline
b Pipeline's Deadly Gas Explosion UPDATE: PG&E Pleads Not Guilty to 12 Felony  ...
b State's unemployment rate drops to 4 percent
e 'Twilight's Nikki Reed, husband Paul McDonald announce separation
e Khloe Kardashian Is Now A Cheating Side-Chick - French Montana and The  ...
t Facebook adds music and TV identification service for posts
e Andrew Garfield loves being naked
e Emma Stone And Marc Webb Talk About The End Of The Amazing Spider-Man 2  ...
t Apple expands iWatch team with former exec from luxury Swiss watchmaker  ...
t WWE Reports 2014 Second Quarter Results & Improved 2015 Business Outlook
b Alan Mulally on Ford's Future
e Zac Efron - Zac Efron's friends 'worried sick' he is back on drugs
e Community to return with new episodes on Yahoo
b German exports, imports disappoint in May
t Electric Car Makers Can Copy Tesla's Patents—Can They Also Copy Its Success?
b Weakness In IPOs Continues
e HBO's True Detective Heads to California for Season Two
e Coldplay's “Magic” Video: Watch
m Syphilis Rates Are Up in the US, Especially in Men
e Rumor: Disney Could Replace Harrison Ford as Indiana Jones
e Cop reveals Tupac's last words
b Deadline for enrolling in healthcare is here
b BlackBerry CEO Chen: We Are Losing Less Money
e Scarlett Johansson wants to see a Black Widow spin-off film
m Match Day for USA Medical Students
e The Amazing Spider-Man 2 Stars Hit Paris For Premiere [PHOTOS]
t Microsoft takes aim at laptops with new Surface tablet
e Chris Brown Headed Back To Jail As DC Assault Case Delayed
e TODAY: Pippa Middleton talks with Matt Lauer in exclusive interview
e HGTV cancels plans for 'Flip It Forward' reality show starring anti-gay activist
e Weekend Box Office Report: Captain America Reigns Supreme
e Singer Kiesza makes impressive live video on streets of LA
t Dreaming Big: Facebook to Acquire Virtual Reality Kickstarter, Oculus
b RJ Reynolds Tobacco sells historic headquarters building for $7.8M; will be  ...
b Emirates scraps A350 orders
m What's Up Doc? MERS invades the Middle East
e Kim Kardashian-Kanye West Get Married in Italy Fort; Beyonce Knowles Wishes  ...
b Here's why we're getting together: AT&T, DirecTV
b Morning Market Movers
b Existing Home Sales Rebound, Jobless Claims Tick Up
e Birthday Tribute To Glee Star Cory Monteith
e Beyoncé & Jay-Z: 'On The Run' Tour Rehearsals [Video]
b Should the Washington, D.C. Redskins Lose Their U.S. Patent Trademarks?
t Security World To Microsoft: Stop Trying To Police The Internet
m Mad cow fears lead to beef recall
t Oscar 'has a case to answer'
e Khloe Kardashian Divorce: Lamar Odom Dating 'Fun and Sexy' Blonde  ...
t Amazon may debut its rumored set-top box next week
e Sofia Vergara has split from her fiancee Nick Loeb
e Inside Jessica Simpson's Wedding: The Details!
e Special offerings are available Saturday as area vendors take part in Record  ...
t For Unproven Theory, Scientists Propose Unproven Solutions
e Guardians of the Galaxy 2: Release Date for Film Sequel Confirmed 2017
e Wedding party gets soaked in dock collapse
t Verizon Follows AT&T with HD Voice
t Twitter user numbers grows to 271m
t Virtual Reality War: Project Morpheus vs. Oculus Rift
b S&P 500 Slips on Chinese Export Decline Despite Chiquita Banana M&A News
b GM issues three additional recalls
b IMF boss Lagarde under investigation for fraud
e Robert Pattinson Talks Kristen Stewart, Opens Up About His Desires in Life After  ...
e Justin Bieber apologizes for racial slur joke
t Google Maps Adds Biking Elevation, Voice in Navigation Mode, and More
e X-Men: Days Of Future Past: Hugh Jackman Signs On To Play Wolverine Three  ...
e Harry Potter - Jk Rowling's Harry Potter Film Spin-off To Become A Trilogy
b China doubles yuan trading band, speeds up exchange-rate reforms
e “Rocky” In Broadway Knockout, Latest Show of this Season to Close
e May 21, 2014: "Man of Steel" Follow-up Officially Titled "Batman V. Superman  ...
m Rates of diabetic problems on decline
m Hundreds Support Charlotte Missionary During Ebola Virus Recovery in Africa
e Who Stole Miley Cyrus' Maserati?
b Uber – Because Using A Licensed Cab Is Too Mainstream
e “Evil Fairy” & “Pretty Bird” Clips From 'Maleficent' – Starring Angelina Jolie, Elle  ...
e Cyrus ill, postpones US tour, resumes in August
e 7th annual Record Store Day celebration
b Alcoa to buy jet-engine parts maker Firth Rixson for $2.35 billion
b ECB: The Contrarian vs Market Consensus
e Beyoncé, Jennifer Garner, Jane Lynch Help To 'Ban Bossy'
e So, What CAN Kevin Smith Tell Us About His Visit To Star Wars Land?
m From birth, US pediatricians urge reading aloud to children
e Rolling Stones Looking at October Return to Australia and New Zealand
t No April Fool's Day Joke: Google's Gmail turns the big '10' and is still going strong
e Teen arrested for tweeting airline threat
m Dr. Manny: Listeria-tainted mangos may be a major problem for pregnant women
t Apple hails bumper Q2 iPhone sales
b In Possible Merger of Zillow and Trulia, an Online Giant Looms Large
t Thirteen General Motor's traffic deaths are tied to a 57-cent part
e Discarded Johnny Cash songs come out of vault
e STAGE TUBE: MURDER FOR TWO Welcomes THE REALISTIC JONESES to  ...
e Sandra Bullock came face-to-face with stalker outside her bedroom, documents  ...
e Koltnow: Superheroes flex box-office muscle
m Melbourne Declaration condemns stigma and discrimination against those  ...
e Shaq lawyer calls incident horseplay
b BNP bank admits guilt amid $8.8B forfeiture
e Kanye West Raps About Kim Kardashian's Butt & Getting Her Pregnant on  ...
b Argentina eyes debt deal with holdouts as public anger mounts
t Rumor: Samsung Prepping Standalone Smartwatch
e The Talk Recap: Gwyneth Paltrow's Insensitivity to Working Single Moms (3/31/14)
t Instagram Looking To Replace Foursquare As Location Service With Facebook  ...
e Lady Gaga And Tony Bennett Announce Their Jazz Album 'Cheek to Cheek'
t NASA discovers Earth-sized planet in habitable zone
t Google Acquires Word Lens Makers to Improve Translate
m Google X Labs conducting research on human body
b Malaysian authorities blamed for letting 'missing' MH370 'disappear'
m 8 Confirmed Mumps Cases At Hoboken College Campus
t Vertu Signature Touch Delivers Bang & Olufsen Sound To Boot
t Samsung, Apple on Collision Course Again
m FDA issues warning over use of cutting tool for uterine fibroids
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West are on the cover of Vogue
b Citigroup's Earnings Boost Stock Market
e Movie review: Jason Bateman's directorial debut, 'Bad Words,' is sharply funny
t Samsung looks to Google for help in its latest legal battle with Apple
b Interest Rates Today for Home Mortgages at HSBC Jul 5, 2014
e “Star Wars” Force for Change: Fans Can Win a Role in “Episode VII”
t Friday Apple Rumors: '70% Certainty' That Apple Will Acquire Beats
e Cannes: 'Maps to the Stars' Director David Cronenberg Defends Satire
t Meet the Ram ProMaster City
t Facebook Users Will Get A Spring Privacy Cleaning
t Green Apple: iPad Maker Touting Environmentally-Friendly Initiatives
b Jobs Government's 'Sole Interest' In Pfizer Move
t Twitter To Roll Out New Profile Page Design
e Lindsay Lohan guest-hosts 'The View'
b Would the Mortgage Settlement Help Citigroup Inc (C)'s Stock Ahead of Earnings?
e Madonna to Direct New Film, 'Ade: A Love Story'
e Live Replica of Van Gogh's Ear Is Displayed at Museum
e The Plight Of A Superhero
t NASA on the Lookout for a New Meteor Shower Friday Night
t Newfound pink world lurks at solar system fringes - 1 Hours Ago
t iPhone 6, iWatch and iPad – The Latest Apple Rumors
t One thing Mark Zuckerberg thinks every Silicon Valley executive should do
t Oculus responds to claims that it stole VR tech from Fallout parent company
b Wal-Mart suing Visa for $15B over swipe fees
b THE NEWS WRAP: London black cab drivers take to the streets to protest Uber
e Fireworks safety urged on Fourth of July
b Corn Climbs for Third Day as US Planting Lags Five-Year Pace
b GLOBAL MARKETS-Asian shares edge down, dollar struggles
t Microsoft offers Office for free on iPhone and Android phones, Android tablet  ...
e Legends of Oz: Dorothy's Return | Yellow-brick trip forgettable
m State considering legislation restricting electronic cigarette sales and use
m Skin cancer rates in Scotland 'soar' since 1970s
e Raf Simons makes Christian Dior travel through history
b UPDATE 1-BNP Paribas CEO tells employees bank facing heavy US penalties
b Amazon's expenses increases alongside with revenue
e Ryan Murphy Wants American Horror Story: Coven Stars Back Next Season
e Obama extends sanctions against North Korea for another 12 months
t Apple Limits New iMac to Casual Use Without Upgrade Options
t NASA to launch carbon satellite 5 years after launch failure
b US Eyes Suit Against Citi If $4B Offer Not Raised: Reports
e Comedian Katt Williams Threatens Heckler With Gun, Cops Draw Weapons  ...
t SmartWRIST and SmartCAR, that's where Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nokia are  ...
b Maine's unemployment rate falls to 5.9 percent
t Watch Live Streaming of Total Lunar Eclipse 'Blood Moon' on April 14, 15
e Nicola Peltz continues to steal the limelight as she dazzles in slinky strapless  ...
e Tracy Morgan's condition has been upgraded to fair.
e Whoa! Did Justin Bieber Get Selena Gomez AND At Least Two Other Women  ...
b Global share indices, dollar trim gains on Ukraine tension
b Economist tips 1% CPI as inflation drops to 52-month low
b US stocks: Wall Street ends higher on M&A, Citi earnings
t Flickr 3.0 for Android and iPhone brings revamped UI and more
m Mom Arrested for Drinking and Breastfeeding at Restaurant
e Nicki Minaj explains VMA wardrobe mishap, says she didn't have time to zip dress
b ECB prepared to act on inflation risks: Draghi
t French Cellphone Carrier Iliad Makes Offer for T-Mobile US, but Is Turned Down
t Hotter world means hunger
e Dianna Argon & Chris Messina Star in Sam Smith's "I'm Not The Only One" Video
t Smartphone 'Kill Switch' Bill Will Have Another Shot in the California Senate
b Morgan Stanley Sees 2014 as Another Year of Transition for IBM
t BlackBerry wins court order; look-alike iPhone case banned
b E-commerce giant Alibaba to list on NYSE, snub to Nasdaq
e Singer Katy Perry Sued for Alleged Copyright Infringement
t Gas prices could be on the rise
e July 4th Fireworks & Celebrations in New York
b Denver airport:no pot on planes
t Report: Half of Mozilla's board resign over new CEO choice
m Amazon Being Investigated for Worker's Death at US Warehouse
b White House to unveil plan to cut greenhouse gas methane as soon as Friday
b Vodafone buys Spanish cable firm Ono for 7.2 bn euros
b Have you filed your taxes yet?
e Is Gwen Stefani Replacing Christina Aguilera On 'The Voice'?
m Vaccines Could Prevent 732000 Deaths In Children Born Over Past 20 Years  ...
t GM, Ford Sales Jump in May as Automakers Roll Past Estimates
m NYC Director Of Pharmacy Charged With Stealing $5M Worth Of Painkillers
e “Chelsea Lately” Cancelled; Last Episode Airs on August 26
b Who put the lime out of the airline cocktail? Lime shortage blamed for switch to  ...
m FDA riles cheese industry
e Easter Sunday, April 20 – Holy Communion, 10 am
e Mark Wahlberg flashes peace sign as brother Donnie gets engaged to Jenny  ...
b Annual inflation rate hits BoC target at 2%
e Zac Efron in Skid Row brawl
e Keeping up with 'The Realistic Joneses' a sharp treat
e Powdered alcohol a go after getting blocked by US regulators over label issues
t GM enters harsh spotlight as US Congress hearings begin
e Rick Ross masterminds his way to the top of the U.S. charts
b Are your clients ready for an end to QE?
t Scientists Discover 'Godzilla Of Earths'
b Ford Motor (F) Sees No Slowdown in China
e The Amazing Spider-Man 2 New York City Premiere Pictures
t Apple iPad 4 vs Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 - Best Specs and Price Comparison
t Toyota's $1.2 billion Payout Due to People with Two Left Feet?
e Shia LaBeouf arrested at a Broadway show
e And now for something (not) completely different: Monty Python bids farewell
t Apple Updates iOS with Keyboard, Touch ID Enhancements
b Escalation in Erdogan's war on online freedom of expression
b Fiat Chrysler CEO seeks 4.5 mln car sales in 2014
e JJ Abrams: Appear in "Star Wars,' just $10 a try
b Major Average All In Positive Territory, Nasdaq Outperforming
b HP may cut up to 16000 more jobs in turnaround
e 'Fast & Furious 7' Will Use CGI and Body Doubles to Replace Paul Walker
e Billboard Music Awards 2014 Michael Jackson Xcape Performance Video  ...
e Batman vs. Superman gets an official title and it's...interesting.
t Xinhua world news summary at 1530 GMT, June 28
b The WSJ Suggests Hollande May Redefine Chutzpah by Complaining to Obama  ...
b PIKETTY: I Will Update My Book's Appendix In The Coming Days
e New Orange Is The New Black Season 2 Official Trailer Spoiler Clip Released
m CDC Report Highlights Florida's Effort To Combat Pill Mills
m Anthrax infection discovered in Hungarian beef
b Twitter names former Goldman executive Anthony Noto as CFO
b Swiss to vote on world's highest minimum wage
b Samsung Electronics Q2 operating profit down 24.6 per cent
e Kim and Kanye tie the knot
e Phil Collins Donates 200 Revolution Artifacts to Alamo
m Researchers Find Unique Avian Influenza Virus in Antarctica Penguins
e Emma Stone Does Menswear Better Than Her Boyfriend
e Neil Young Adds Two Shows in Dallas
e Cory Monteith's Mother Opens Up About Son's Death For First Time
e Star reports but won't be material juror
b Target taps outsider as CEO for first time in push to redefine itself with shoppers
e Film Review: 'Neighbors' Is Hilarious
m Curious about bat soup? Here's why you should avoid it!
t Up close and personal with Samsung's vibrant new Galaxy Tab S
e Madonna flaunts unshaven armpits
m 5 tips to avoid deadly Ebola virus
m Watching too much television could lead to earlier death
e 'Sharknado 2: The Second One' knows that you know it's ridiculous
e Mad Men Review: A Day's Work
e Beyoncé, Jay Z and Solange share a high-security nosh
m Some blame health workers as Ebola spreads
b Raw satellite data on missing MH370 may be released on Tuesday
e Get The Look: Kim Kardashian's Lace-Sleeved Wedding Dress
b US: New Home Sales Fall 14.5% in March
e Weekend Box Office Wrap Up: March 30th, 2014
t How Fruit Flies Are So Agile and Quick?
m Guinea Deaths: Ebola Virus is the Cause of Deadly Epidemic which Left 60  ...
m US Healthcare Ranks Poorly Among Richest Nations
b Twitter teaming with Amazon to let customers shop by hashtag
b Vodafone's Ono Buy Refocuses Attention on AT&T
b AOL acquires programmatic ad vendor Convertro for US$101m
t Does a New NASA Photo Taken on Mars Confirm the Existence of UFOs?
t Android vs. iPhone: What makes Android different
e Mickey Rooney's family settles on Hollywood burial site
b Wheat Rebounds as Drop to Near Bear Market Revives Demand
e Robert Pattinson to Jimmy Kimmel: Ever Been Spit On in An Erotic Way?
e Transcendence (Warner Brothers Pictures, PG-13)
t Apple to Debut 13-inch iPad in 2015
e 'Peanuts' movie trailer: Charlie Brown and Snoopy get a 3D avatar
b Why the Dow Hit a New Record and Twitter and DirecTV Soared
e Game Of Thrones Season 4 Episode #07 – Mockingbird Review
m One-third of the world's population is overweight, study finds
t Tesla open it's Patent's to everyone
b Ford sees U.S. 16 million annualized auto sales rate, including big trucks
e Shailene Woodley Wears Sneaky Disguise To Attend The Fault In Our Stars  ...
e Eva Mendes, 40, 'seven months pregnant with Ryan Gosling's baby'
m An American has MERS: Where did virus come from?
e Kelly Clarkson gives birth to a baby girl
e Lessons from the Big Apple - New York Times First Female Executive Editor  ...
t Intel-Rockchip Deal Aimed at Android Tablets -- Update
e Miley Cyrus Wonders: Will I Ever Love Again?
b Williams enters agreement to acquire Access Midstream interests
b Rupert Murdoch Elects Son Lachlan as Co-Chairman of 21st Century Fox and  ...
t HTC One Mini 2 leak shows three color options, no depth-sensing Duo Camera
b Stocks Close Mostly Higher After Shaky Start
e MTV Video Music Awards: Who leads the nominees?
e 'Cesar Chavez' Director: 'We Don't See Films About The Latino Experience ... It's  ...
e Miley Cyrus California Home Robbed
t PHOTOS: Ford to offer Limited Edition 50th anniversary Mustang
b Overvaluing the 'Undervalued' View of the Yuan
t Yahoo chief Marissa Mayer says Tumblr is still behind on mobile
b Missing flight MH370: Live updates as UN leads calls for better aircraft tracking  ...
b Expert Views: Fed reduces bond buying, still concerned about labor mkts
m 4 Ebola cases confirmed in Guinea's capital: medical sources
m First Case Of Chikungunya Confirmed In Forsyth County
m Kindred Healthcare to buy Gentiva for about $573 mln
t Zuckerberg boosts Artificial Intelligence technology with $40m AI investment
e Box Office: Godzilla Stomps the Competition
e What celebrity divorces like Gwyneth Paltrow's tell us about 'having it all'
b EU's losing Russia's east Siberian gas to China is a historical failure - political  ...
t Russian Hacking Group Targets European and US Oil and Gas Companies
t Buy Red Hat Stock Ahead of Earnings Before It Gets Red-Hot
e Ariana Grande Nominated for 3 VMA Awards
t Air quality in world's cities fails to meet safe levels
t Astronomers Discover the 'Godzilla of Earths'
e VB 'can't fathom Kimye cover'
e JJ Abrams Announces That Fans Have a Chance to be in Star Wars: Episode VII
e Lovato calls out 'bullying paparazzi'
m Being fat raises the chances of acquiring ovarian cancer
t Climate change warnings met with denial from Ottawa, NDP says
e Casey Kasem, An Iconic Voice Of American Radio
m ReWalk exoskeleton earns FDA approval
t Halo: Master Chief Collection is Real, "Realistically all are 1080p, look Sharper  ...
m Ebola outbreak: South Africa safe for visitors, says its airline
b Special Operations: SEALs Sink Stolen Oil Scheme
t OnePlus One Release Date, Specs & Price: Smartphone Gets Invite-only Launch
b Microsoft releases Office for iPad, subscription required for editing docs
b Worried Hollande meets GE and Siemens bosses over Alstom deal
e Rosie O'Donnell: Lindsay Lohan Reality Show 'A Tragedy On Every Level'
t Watch out for 9 September iWatch launch
m Oily salad 'helps blood pressure'
e Is Len Goodman Really Leaving Dancing With the Stars?
e Celebrity couple Olivia Wilde, Jason Sudeikis welcome baby boy named Otis  ...
t Sony Underestimated Demand for PS4 Camera
b Done deal: Men's Wearhouse to buy Jos. A. Bank for $1.8B (Video)
t Why Apple just hired a Swiss-watch salesman
e Morgan Freeman speaking on Helium will warp your mind
t Heartbleed internet security bug: Stay protected
m Jordan reports new MERS death
b German Trade Data And UK House Prices On Tap For Tuesday
t What Caused This Giant Hole in Siberia?
b The Switchboard: Twitter exec shakeup continues as media head leaves
t Twitch, a reported target for Google, is riding wave of gamers' interest
m Medicaid expansion
b Wiretap: A Republican speaks out on climate change
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Pre-Order Deals Roundup: Release Date and Pricing [T  ...
b Gold rises on China growth, Ukraine
b Currencies are facing a big day on Thursday as investors look ahead to big  ...
e NEW TRAILER: X-Men: Days Of Future Past [Video]
b US stocks fluctuate as tension in Iraq offsets deals, data
e Ice Bucket Challenge doing 'amazing' things for ALS awareness
e Justin Bieber Attempted Robbery Case: 'Baby' Singer Won't Face Felony  ...
t IT giants target barriers to internet of things
t Google already being asked to remove search results
e 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' – Check Out The Explosive New Trailer!
b Canadian auto sales nudge higher in March
e Kendra Wilkinson's Divorce from Hank Baskett: Marriage May Be Over Within  ...
e Oh Surprise Baby! Alicia Keys is Pregnant with Her Second Child
e Spiritual Thoughts
b Sally Beauty says data breach hit under 25000
e Neil Young's PonoPlayer campaign hits crowdfunding goal in less than a day
e Comedian Tracy Morgan showing signs of improvement after crash
e Netflix Not Picking Up 'Community,' Dan Harmon Reacts to Cancellation
t Ralph Lauren Swings into Wearables
e Favreau's THE JUNGLE BOOK Adds Idris Elba
e The Emmys: Past Winners Trump New Shows And 'Breaking Bad' Takes A Bow
b BlackBerry revenue falls below US$1 bil.
m Less Nutritious Grains May Be In Our Future
t NASA's carbon dioxide-hunting telescope reaches orbit
t Tesco dreams big with fully immersive virtual reality store for the Oculus Rift
m Soon blood test to accurately detect cancers
t Astronauts dock with space station
e Barack Obama - Barack Obama Honours Frankie Knuckles In Letter To Loved  ...
t Oculus Rift maker sued over virtual reality technology
t As cyber-rift deepens, China bans use of Windows 8 on government computers
t HTC One M8 Ace rumors, release date and specs
m Ebola virus outbreak kills 59 in Guinea
b Chipotle Earnings Show the Polar Vortex Didn't Freeze Out Sales
e Kanye West Claims Apple is No. 1, Samsung Not Quite There
m Moderate Aerobic Exercise May Benefit Those With Parkinson's Disease
m Sanofi Could Seek Regulatory Approval for Cialis OTC Status
b FAA: Jet nearly collided with camouflage-colored drone over Florida
e Bachelorette 2014's Marcus Grodd Admits He's “Still Getting Over” Andi Dorfman
t This is the Surface Pro 3
b Gloomy PMIs Data Hits Euro, Iraq Crises Keeps Yen High
b Canadian company acquires PokerStars parent; New Jersey, California seen as  ...
e Get to Know the Citizens of Gotham in First Official Extended Trailer (Video)
e 'Mad Men' Finale Review: Dance Fever, Burgers And Space Travel
b Trade deficit narrows
m Dementia Linked With Cynical Distrust, Study Shows
t Gasoline prices likely to fall
m Foster Farms recalls chicken after case of salmonella
m Measles off to a fast start; Ohio reports cluster of suspected cases
m Regulations On E-Cigarettes To Take Effect Tuesday In New York
e 'Noah' starts box office run with $1.6 million for Thursday screenings
e 'The Bachelorette' Episode 9 Recap: And Then There Were Two
b GM recall prompts investigation
e Cameron Diaz's best movie moments
b The 'right side' doesn't always win
b China's International Auto Show Opens Amid Environmental, Growth Concerns
b China Manufacturing PMI Improves For Fourth Consecutive Month
t Google Earth inventor hails augmented reality technology
m Gross: Science Says You Should Quit Shaking Hands, Stat
t NASA's New Horizons Explorer to rendezvous with Pluto and its Five Moons  ...
e Jenny Lewis on Rocking Out, Ryan Adams and Saying Goodbye to Rilo Kiley
m AAFA releases top 100 Allergy Capitals
b GLOBAL MARKETS-Asian shares hit 6-1/2 year high, dollar steady before Fed
b Major economies end Q1 on a weaker note
t Facebook wants to beam the Internet from the sky
t Cell phone industry agrees to anti-theft 'kill-switch'
e L'Wren leaves £5.5m estate to Mick
b Gaming Suppliers In Play Friday Following $5.1 Billion Deal
b Shire finally accepts AbbVie's takeover offer
t Australia's average connection speed up 39 percent YoY: Akamai
e On Air Now
b Gas Prices Could Vary Greatly Across Kentucky This Weekend
m Chia Powder Recalled Due to Possible Salmonella Poisoning
t Cisco, Microsoft, VMware, and other tech giants unite behind critical open  ...
b Dow plunges 267 points
m Older Donor Sperm Are Same As Younger Once
m Sleep deprived children are more likely to be OBESE
t 'Titanfall' Tops Software Sales for March, PS4 Tops Hardware
b UK satellite company Inmarsat offers free airline tracking service
b European Central Bank hints at action in June
e Miley tackling Beatles classic
t Moto E Images Leak Ahead Of Launch; Coming Soon Only On Flipkart
b Emirates Airline Inks Deal Worth $56B With Boeing
t God Particle Collider Rebooting to Be Most Powerful Yet
t Apple iPhone 5S vs Samsung Galaxy S5: 5 Differences Buyers Must Know
e VH1 Philly 4th of July Live Stream: 'Wawa Welcome America' Brings Nicki Minaj  ...
e Breaking Bad's Bryan Cranston helps student get prom date new How on earth  ...
t 'Heartbleed' bug fix may slow Internet performance
t NASA Developing New Technologies to Send Humans to Mars
t Report: Wearable tech market to grow by 78%
t General Motors: Think Reputational Risk, Not Financial
t Netflix and Comcast Continue War of Words Over Internet Traffic
e 24 Frames: Contemporary Books on Film
e Running of the Bulls protest: Animal rights campaigners demonstrate in  ...
m 'I got it!': Toddler amputee cheers himself on as he takes first steps
e Strong Debut for FX's Universally Acclaimed Limited Series Fargo?" You Betcha!!!
e Watch Divergent Online Full Movie 2014 Free Director by Neil Burger vidz
t Google Debuts Android TV, New Version of Android and In-Car Features and More
b Daily business briefing: US unemployment claims increase
b UPDATE 3-Intel's quarterly net beats Street, CEO talks up tablets
t Google execs in Cuba to promote open internet
t Gasoline-Obsessed Spiders Force Mazda to Recall 42000 Cars
e “I'm a Fucking Indian Woman Who Has Her Own Fucking Show”: Mindy Kaling  ...
b After strong Q1, Netflix poised to raise prices
e Stars wage comic war in 'Neighbors'
e Lindsay Lohan's Sex List Confession: A-List Conquest Was Part of AA at Betty Ford
t Android OTA: Device Updates & Firmware Report – May 23rd Edition
e Watch a new trailer for X-Men: Days Of Future Past
b US Consumer Prices Tick Up Just 0.1% in Feb.
e Kourtney Kardashian Flaunts Baby Bump in a Bikini With Penelope!
b WSJ: American Apparel Exploring Ways To Raise More Money
m Smartphone app helps alcoholics stay sober: Study
b Regional Utility Talks Appear Dead in the Water
t Another Reason to Camp Out at Starbucks: Wireless Phone Charging
e Jesse Helt: 5 Fast Facts You Need to Know
t Samsung Unveils New Line of Budget Galaxy Phones
e Once Upon a Time season 4 casts Frozen's Anna, Kristoff
m Child mobile phone effects probed, New Study
e 'Transformers' Tops Weak Fourth Of July Box Office
t Facebook study tinkers with feeds
b Gold, silver edge higher ahead of U.S. jobless claims, housing data
t EDITORIAL: Time to reform outdated environmental law
e Ryan Gosling's Lost River, review: 'mouth-dryingly lousy'
t Facebook plans to deliver internet access with satellites, lasers and flying drones
b Portland teen denies urinating in water, causing authorities to discard 38m  ...
e Hello, Mr. Cocky! Justin Bieber Fuels The Fire Against Himself In Deposition  ...
t Google Hangouts for Android merges conversations
t Apple reportedly in talks to acquire Beats Electronics for $3.2 billion
t Tweetdeck shuts down after self-propagating tweet exposes security flaw
t Comcast seems to be having its cake and eating it
b Indonesia Stresses Importance of Code of Conduct in South China Sea
m Nationwide salmonella outbreak linked to Tri-State hatchery
b Consumer Credit Posts Largest Gain in a Year
b US stock market mostly higher
e Lindsay Lohan Reveals Miscarriage on the Finale of Her Docu-series, "Lindsay"
b Government to sell off £4.2bn stake in Lloyds
e Latest "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" Trailer Debuts New & Improved Shredder
e Maya Angelou: US aut: Poet, author and activist Maya Angelo
t GM recalls 3.4m more cars
t iPhone 5S Ranks as World's Best Selling Smartphone
m Mumps outbreak spreads to 28 cases related to Ohio State University
b Company Update (NYSE:BAC): BofA ex-CFO agrees to settle NY lawsuit over  ...
e Top 40 countdown radio host Casey Kasem has died
e 'The Bachelor' Winner: Who Does Juan Pablo Galavis Choose?
m Hoffman's OD exposes rampant heroin use in NYC
b Toyota eyes land near Stonebriar mall for Plano campus
e Gwyneth Paltrow takes break from Hollywood as she denies cheating on Chris  ...
b Sun Pharma offers $4bn for Ranbaxy
m Girls called fat as pre-teens often become obese female teens, says study
m Medicare Rx cost to doctors varies widely by region
e 'True Blood' Review: "I Found You"
e Man With Oregon Ties Honored By Miley Cyrus
b Michaels arts and crafts store dealing with security breach
t Martha and Curt at a recent Natural Selections call-in. Photo: Dale Hobson
t Amazon's app store to be available on BlackBerry 10 devices
b Wonkbook: Happy Tax Day!
e COMICS: THANOS Is Surprisingly Happy In This Edition Of GUARDIANS OF  ...
e Hangout Fest Kick-Off Party gets festival started in Gulf Shores
t Verizon to get HTC One 2014 exclusivity for two weeks
e Neil Young Performs 'Fancy' With Crosby, Stills & Nash [VIDEO]
b Oil prices mixed as Iraq keeps markets on edge
e Shaun White Surprised Teen Fan by Attending Her Prom
m Baby Gates Could Lead To The ER, New Study Says
m Hispanic Dads At A Higher Risk Of Depression After First Child
t SpaceX rocket stage in 'soft landing'
e Music Review: 'Weird Al' Yankovic Releases 'Mandatory Fun'
e 'Frozen': Princess Anna & Kristoff Cast In 'Once Upon A Time'
b Europe cabbies decry competition from taxi app
b Highest Independence Day Gas Prices Since 2008
b Enrollment doesn't guarantee health law success
b Fiat 500X on Jeep Renegade's platform for 2014 Paris Motor Show
b VW Group Reportedly in Merger Talks with Fiat-Chrysler; Italians Deny
e `Winter Sleep` wins Palme d`Or at Cannes Film Festival
b Emirates cancels Airbus orders
t Bentley reveals Hybrid Concept
e Entertainer Rolf Harris tells court of "sexual chemistry" with alleged
e Directed by Tate Taylor
b Court extends Mt Gox bankruptcy probe
b East Vietnam Sea disputes must be resolved peacefully: US Assistant Secretary  ...
t Microsoft Beats Secret FBI Data Request
b Japan Core Machine Orders Plunge 19.5% In May
e Damn, Ma! Christina Aguilera Flaunts Her Pregnant Belly In Nude V Magazine  ...
t Rosetta's Philae Looking to Land
e The Walking Dead Recap, 4x16: "A"
e 'Going on set was magical, tactile and real': Kevin Smith reveals how Star Wars  ...
e WATCH: Angelina Jolie's Maleficent Spreads Her Wicked Wings
b GM Recalls 2.4 Million Additional Vehicles
t Halo 5: Guardians Announced, Launching During Fall 2015 On Xbox One
t Microsoft's New Surface Pro 3 Only Weighs 800 Grams
b Walt Disney Company files for drone patents
t HTC to Make the Next Nexus Tablet
e Watch: Eminem's “Headlights” video for Mother's Day directed by Spike Lee
e Lupita Nyong'o named People's 2014 'World's Most Beautiful'
b Sex sells? Not lately for fashion retailers
t Never-before-seen meteor shower peaks overnight
b China, S. Korea call for transparency in Japan's arms export rules
e Garth Brooks releases statement, basically it's all or nothing at all
b Allergan says Valeant's offer overstated tax and R&D savings
b Millions of Texans Still Uninsured as Deadline Looms [LISTEN]
t This Is What Happens To Your Files When You Stop Paying For A Microsoft  ...
e Watch Miss Piggy declaring her love for Downton Abbey - and snogging Kermit  ...
e Nirvana's Kurt Cobain gets a comic book tribute
m Lot of Expectations from Gilead's Novel Drug for Hepatitis C
t 6 Ways The Washington Post Could Show It's Serious About Climate Change
b World stocks drop on Ukraine jitters, US earnings
e Star Wars Getting Ready For Spin-off, Release Date Here!
t Samsung announces Verizon Galaxy S5 Developer Edition with unockable  ...
e Jennifer Lawrence On Nicholas Hoult: 'We Mutually Ignore Each Other'
b Weibo Prices IPO at $17 per American Depositary Share
e Melissa McCarthy Stays True to 'Tammy'
b How Heinous Does Amazon Have to Be Before You Boycott?
b Colorado reaps millions from pot sales
e Crew Member Sarah Jones Death: Director & Producers Charged With  ...
e Stephen Colbert is great choice for CBS, but is CBS great choice for Colbert?
b Cadbury-style protest call by unions in battle for AstraZeneca: Mass public  ...
e Beyonce's sister 'attacks Jay Z in lift', according to reports
e Miranda Lambert wears fire suit after emergency landing
t Amazon 'Kindle Unlimited' Leaks Online (AMZN)
t FingerReader is a ring that scans words and reads aloud to the user in real-time
e Harry Potter: New scars, old friends and a Quidditch World Cup
e Miley Cyrus Apologizes For Being Sick
e Marvel Comics introduces female Thor
b Nokia names Rajeev Suri as new CEO; returns $3.1 bn to shareholders
t Nasa launches satellite to track CO2 in the atmosphere
t Facebook's Diversity Report Discloses Primarily White Male Workforce
b Stocks slump as earnings disappoint
b Do not expect quick resolution to Hachette dispute: Amazon
b Is Nigeria A Poor Country Of Rich Men Or A Rich Country Of Poor Men?
e Johnny Winter: Blues Legend
e Oprah Winfrey Makes Pharrell Williams Cry in 'Oprah Prime'
m Indiana health centers awarded $500000 federal grant for behavioral health care
b Airlines struggle to eke out profit with 2.4% projection
b US consumer confidence up in May
b Crude oil prices steady after US report shows consumer spending grows weakly
b UPDATE 4-Target's decision to remove CEO rattles investors
e Elaine Stritch, acerbic Broadway star, dies at 89
e Why Wasn't Hawkeye in Captain America: The Winter Soldier?
e Steve Martin To Star In 'Father Of The Bride 3'
b Leave Volatility Behind With These 3 Rock-Solid Dividend Payers
t Google Puts Ancient Social Network Orkut Out Of Its Misery
e 'Dragon 2' still has the Hiccup
b MtGox faced 150k DDoS attacks per second says report
m Chilling new details on cold-storage smallpox
b Local building to house DMV license processing center for undocumented  ...
b EUR – ECB Holds Rates at 0.25 Percent Despite Deflation Fears
e True Blood Season 7 Episode 2: How to watch 'I Found You' online
b Sales of US existing homes fell in March to lowest level in 20 months in face of  ...
e Get Ready Folks: Alexander Wang Is Coming To An H&M Near You!
m Food safety Officials: 1.8M pounds of ground beef recalled
t Humpback whales may lose "endangered" status
t Why Apple buying Beats makes sense
m Resveratrol in Red Wine Does Not Boost Longevity and Health
t RIP Network Neutrality
t Apple, Samsung ready for latest patent faceoff
t Microsoft is paid &pound;5m to extend help
t eBay asks users to change passwords after cyberattack compromises database
m Fasting can lower diabetes risk: study
e Colin Firth Exits 'Paddington,' Calls It a 'Conscious Uncoupling'
t Netflix Is Raising Its Prices, But Don't Freak Out
m Foster Farms chicken recalled in Arizona, other states
t Vic Gundotra Leaves Google
b Sbarro returns to Chapter 11 with prepack
m CDC releases new anti-smoking campaign
t Samsung unveils mobile with adv camera for social media users
e 420 Rally Denver: Weed culture tries to go mainstream
e N. Korea slams Kim assassination comedy as 'act of terror': AFP
e Bieber doesn't want to commit to Gomez, wants to keep it 'open'
e Rob Kardashian Left Florence In Tears BEFORE Kim Kardashian's Wedding  ...
e 'American Idol' hopefuls from Alabama are in same place as last week
b Publishers, public meet at BookExpo
b Will CM Punk be at WWE Money in the Bank?
b Symantec terminates CEO Bennett
t Facebook cracks down on 'Like-baiting'
e Katy Perry faces plagiarism lawsuit from Christian rap group Flame
m Would You Support California Measure Raising Damages in Medical  ...
t GM Issues Stop Sale Order on Chevy Cruze
m Pesticide exposure in pregnancy linked to autism risk
b Michael Lewis Slams Banker On Facebook For Allegedly Starting A Rumor  ...
e What quirky comic-inspired movie would you want to see?
b Strong Durable Goods Orders Lift US Growth Outlook
b Ann Arbor Spark support for Mahindra GenZe
e Fearing anti-Semitism, Met nixes 'Klinghoffer' opera broadcast
b Pfizer Can't Break the Code
e Ariana Grande New Album: 'Problem' Singer Unveils 'My Everything' Release  ...
e Ken Loach nominated for Cannes Film Festival's Palme d'Or
e Oprah Chai: How She Created Her New Tea With Teavana And Starbucks (VIDEO)
m Children might get too many vitamins from fortified cereals: report
b US Fixed Mortgage Rates Fall in Latest Week
e The Greatest Moment Of The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame 2014
b US Futures Near Flat as Retailers' Earnings Miss Views
m E-cig TV ads targeting youth increased 256 percent in past two years
e 'Jeopardy' host breaks record of his own
b Apple Reportedly Eyes Beats in What Would Be Its Biggest Acquisition Ever
b Amtrak cancels morning service to Boston following crash
t Surface Pro Disappears from Microsoft Online Store
t SC gas prices drop 4 cents per gallon
e 'Walking Dead' Season 4 finale sets ratings record for AMC zombie hit
e North Korea slams US movie on leader assassination plot
t Computer bug—a threat for tech giants
t HTC One (M8) vs Sony Xperia Z2: Features and specifications comparison
e More details on Pink Floyd's new album: no Roger Waters, no plans for tour
b Williams seeks to buy Access Midstream for $3 billion
t Google's Eric Schmidt makes a secret visit to Cuba
b Coca-Cola's profits fall
b Marathon Petroleum to buy Hess gas stations, stores
b McDonald's shareholders approve executive pay plan
t With Oculus, Facebook makes $2 billion bet on virtual reality
e AP Music WriterApril 12, 2014 Updated 16 minutes ago
e Chelsea Handler, 50 Cent heat up 'Lately's' finale
e Coldplay Frontman Chris Martin Joins THE VOICE as Mentor; THE BATTLES  ...
e Original Concept Artwork for the Characters of Dawn of the Planet of the Apes
t Americans weary of futuristic technology, poll finds
b Stocks drift higher; Tiffany gains
m Daily aspirin may reduce preeclampsia risk
e The Daily Dish
e Prosecutors dropping case about fight
b Sacked American Apparel boss: the exploits that didn't get him fired
e Cory Monteith's mother speaks publicly for the first time since her son's death
e Brunei's crackdown on gay sex riles Hollywood jet-set
t Google Inc (GOOGL) Looks Into Home-Security, Thinks Of Buying Dropcam
e Has Justin Bieber been captured making KKK jokes in a new racist video?
t EBay asks users to change password after breach
e Rolling Stones Finally Choose Israel over BDS
e WATCH: Emma Stone, Colin Firth star in first trailer for Woody Allen's 'Magic in  ...
e Sydenham's Rolf Harris jailed for sex offences - sentence slammed as 'unduly  ...
t Facebook removes Texas teen's African safari hunting photos
e Beyonce & Jay Z: VMA Smiles Can't Hide Marriage Tension -- Expert Says
e Fired Sirius XM host Anthony Cumia will not return to radio: source
e True Romance? Kanye West Buying Kim Kardashian Fast Food Joints for Wedding
e Report: NFL seeking $16.6M from MIA over Super Bowl middle finger
t Music streaming service Songza bought by Google
e Video of the Day: Lookalikes Will Ferrell and Chad Smith and their drum set  ...
t Why General Motors (GM) Is Down Today
t GM CEO Faces Both Houses of Congress This Week Over Recall
e GODZILLA Sequel Gets The Go Ahead After Monster Opening Weekend
b Arts and crafts store operator Michaels: lackluster 1st day of trading on the Nasdaq
e Movies to see this weekend, March 21
b Twitter's "Positive" Rating Reaffirmed at Wedbush (TWTR)
b Geopolitical Drama Drags Dow Jones Industrial Average to Triple-Digit Drop
t LG G Watch Smartwatch Starts Shipping
e Guardians of the Galaxy Unleashes Another TV Spot
t Researchers Told Congress That We Could Find Aliens in Next 20 Years
t Facebook adds feature for finding nearby friends
e Director of Gregg Allman film, others indicted in fatal Georgia train crash
e 'Fault in Our Stars' author announces new film!
e 4 Key Roles That Show Star Wars' Max von Sydow's Dark Side
e Celebrities win big at the Emmys
e Joe Jackson Mourns Michael in Touching Tribute on Anniversary of King of  ...
b Profits at BP jump by 34 per cent in Q2
t US Tells Time Warner Cable to Act in Dodgers-Games Tiff
b Twitter trumps forecasts; shares soars 30%
e Neil Patrick Harris poses naked on Rolling Stone cover
m Ebola Doctor Dies Less Than A Week After Contracting Virus
b BNP Near Settlement With U.S. for Up to $9 Billion
t MacBook Air gets the speed-bump treatment
e Sir Paul McCartney forced to cancel the remainder of his Japan tour due to illness
b PHH Mortgage, PNC: Today's Mortgage Interest Rates Jul 5, 2014
e St. Pete Pride Parade - a party, but also political
t 'Creepware' used to spy on Miss Teen USA; more than 100 arrested
b FOREX -Dollar up vs euro on durable goods strength, potential ECB easing
e Ray Fisher Cast as Cyborg in "Batman/Superman"
b Lindt & Sprüngli to Buy Russell Stover
e '24: Live Another Day': Kiefer Sutherland returns as Jack Bauer on new Fox series
b Egypt's Sisi slashes fuel subsidies
t US proposes pay-for-priority Internet access rules that protect competition, free  ...
e Pippa Middleton is no longer silent, at least since yesterday
t IBM to make big data accessible to users via cloud
b eBay CEO Donahoe Talks Icahn Agreement: JPM's Jimmy Lee Brought Us  ...
b Euro at two-month high in London
e Nick Cannon: Kim Kardashian Tops My "Sex List"!
e Video: Journey's Ex-Singer Steve Perry Performs Live for the First Time in 20 Years
b GM recalls 3.4 million more vehicles for faulty ignition switch
e 'Game Of Thrones' Creator George RR Martin Gave Away A $30000 Iron Throne  ...
t Galaxy S5 Mini vs S4 Mini specs comparison
b White House officials to meet with activist on climate
e Prince Charming: Harry, 'girlfriend' Cressida out in the open?
b Increased Holiday Travel Projected
t Amazing Moto 360 smartwatch shown in more detailed images
m Ebola virus has killed 539 -- the largest outbreak on record
t A proper energy policy means tough choices
t Netflix is still pro net neutrality even after its traffic deal with Comcast
m Study links farm pesticides, pregnancy and two-thirds increased risk of autism
e Photos: Mickey Rooney - 1920-2014
e Lily Allen Vs Bloggers In URL Badman
t Android L will mean more fragmentation hell for both users and developers
e New teen heroine emerges from Divergent take on dystopia
t iPhone 5c 8GB variant officially launched
t Samsung feeling the iPhone 6 heat
b Euro slides to 3-month low on German data, EU election uncertainty
e Listen To Hilary Duff's New Single Now
b The Legal Broadcast Network
b US Dollar Index Forecast July 31, 2014, Technical Analysis
t Google introduces Android Wear...
b Barclays says first-half net profit soars to 1.13b pounds
e Fox Trailers: Backstrom, Empire and More From Today's Upfront Presentation
e Pre-Oscars bash pulls out of Beverly Hills Hotel over anti-gay ownership
m Prisons and jails: the not-so-new asylums
b What Problem Is Privatizing Fannie and Freddie Meant to Solve?
t UAE plans first Arab spaceship
e DC Beware: Stephen Colbert is coming for you
e Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie to Star in a New Film After 'Mr & Mrs Smith'
t Lumia 930 delayed in Russia until July 7, app voucher offered
b Mark Zuckerberg made $3.3 billion from Facebook stock options
e The Rebels Interrupt This Broadcast in New 'Mockingjay' Teaser
m Sports And Energy Drink Consumption Associated With Other Negative Behaviors
b All Iran nuclear activities fully transparent: IAEA envoy
e Jay Z and Solange say 'families have problems and we're no different'
e Report: Jessica Chastain Offered 'True Detective' Lead
e Guess Which Actor Dressed in Drag for Arcade Fire's 'We Exist' Video?
b Seoul stocks ease slightly, Samsung up ahead of earnings guidance
t The New, Improved YouTube Shows Some Love to Creators, Users
b Facebook Buys Video Ads Start-up
b 'Government yet to identify actual location of MH370'
e Transformers tops Tammy on one of lowest Fourth of Julys ever
b GM Seeks Lawsuit Protection For Conduct That Occurred Before 2009 Bankruptcy
e Bieber's Central Park proposal dreams hit a snag
e Eric Hill: 'Bachelorette' Contestant Dead After Paragliding Accident
e Chris Brown Bodyguard GUILTY of Assault -- Star Could Be Convicted Next
b NTSB Urges More Boeing 787 Battery Tests
b Denver airport, where marijuana is banned, reports few problems with  ...
b Orbital Sciences (ORB) & Alliant Techsystems (ATK) Set New Highs After Merger
b BNP Paribas shares recover after US settlement
t NASA's LDSD Mission to Launch in First Week of June
t Secret global strike kills 2 malicious Web viruses
e WookieeLeaks: Han Solo's 'Star Wars 7′ Injury, 'Phineas and Ferb' Use the  ...
e Ryan Gosling's Bizarre Directorial Debut
t Neanderthals Ate Their Veggies, Based on Poop Analysis
t The FTC is expanding the war on bogus cellphone charges
b How Will Health Insurance Price Transparency Affect You?
t Report: Amazon's new smartphone to be an AT&T exclusive
b BSkyB in pay-TV talks with Sky Italia and Deutschland
e Khloe Kardashian, French Montana Continue Romance Despite Warning From  ...
b Gold gains on bargain hunting, though Yellen comments still weigh
t Facebook apologises for performing secret emotionally manipulating  ...
b China's Polluted Farmlands Now A Major Concern
t AAA: Average price of gasoline in Oregon $3.98
m Scientists discover why olive oil lowers blood pressure
t Who inherits your Facebook when you die?
t Irreversible Damage Done To Coral Reefs & Arctic Ice; Global Warming To Blame
b Best Buy Swings To Profit In Q1 - Quick Facts
e The Triumphant, Interrupted Premiere of 'Cesar Chavez' in Ag Country
m Mumps outbreak on Stevens campus confirmed
t NASA crashed LADEE spacecraft into moon at 3600 mph
e Justin Bieber Cleared Of Robbery Charges
t With Oculus, Facebook makes $2 billion bet on virtual reality
m Is Red Wine Really Responsible for Good Heart Health?
b RPT-BOJ keeps policy steady, revises up view on overseas growth
e The shy English choirboy who lost his virginity at 22 and the A-Lister loving  ...
m FDA preparing long-awaited plan to ask food industry to lower levels of salt in  ...
e Zachary Levi has secret Hawaiian wedding
t Kepler-186f : An Earth-Sized Planet In A Habitable Zone
e Fans freak out over 'HIMYM' finale
b Your burrito bowl at Chipotle is going to cost more
t Kepler telescope spots a planet that seems a lot like home
e Bachelorette Andi Dorfman, Fiance Josh Murray Play the "No-ly Wed Game" on  ...
b Asia stocks rise on US economic optimism
t Google eyes businesses for Glass
e What Kids Actually Think About Sheryl Sandberg, Leaning In, and 'Ban Bossy'
t Amazon poised to enter smartphone market
t HP's $99 Android Tablet
b Microsoft Office for iPad available today
t Shares of BlackBerry lower after Apple, IBM announce business app partnership
e Neil Young's Agenda: Jack White Project, Second Book, 'Full-Blown Orchestra  ...
t Google's search proposals 'not just a moneyspinner', says Europe's competition  ...
e Eight Things We'll Miss Most About True Blood
b Cable Closer To 1.67-Mark On Carney
e The Purge: Anarchy sets up Frank Grillo to finally be the leading man
b Burberry sales strong but currencies to knock profits
e Pride and predicament
b GDP rebounds in the second quarter
b Senate report claims Caterpillar avoided $2.4bn in US taxes
t PC market poised to improve (by shrinking slower than expected)
m Education Plays Vital Role in Recovering from Brain Injuries
b It's official: Zillow will own Trulia
b Russian deal shows approach China will take for energy needs
t Nest-Continues-to-Expand-with-Developer-Platform
b Mulberry's French boss Bruno Guillon has quit the luxury handbags firm
b Possible debris found in new search area for Malaysia plane
e Neil Young Reaches R8.7m Pono Kickstarter Goal in 1 Day
b Target CEO Gregg Steinhafel Out
e Frank Ocean's Sophomore Album Is Almost Finished
b Target says glitch at registers across U.S. not hacker-related
b Manufacturing's PMI down, but conditions improve: HSBC
b Insurance enrollment deadline Monday night
e 'Noah': The biblical epic isn't stodgy, but that doesn't mean it's good
b Jetliner search: No objects retrieved
t Google Glass 'wearable smartphone' now available in UK
m Ebola epidemic worst in years
b Clashes spread near Syria's border with Turkey
t Microsoft may cut back on its original Xbox television series plans
b Court charges Argentine vice president
e Peaches's funeral set for Monday
e Obama Takes Health Care Pitch to Ellen on Thursday
t AT&T says Netflix's call for free interconnection as an "arrogant proposition"
e TV: New Trailer for the Final Season of HBO's 'True Blood'
m Healthcare.gov cost $840 million, study finds
b World markets fall as investors brace for U.S. rates to rise faster and sooner than  ...
t Fiat CEO urges car shoppers not to buy 500e
b 60 Minutes Stopped Short of Unveiling the Unspoken Problem of High  ...
b Carl Icahn backs down from demand that eBay spin off PayPal
b 5 survival tips for Kennedy construction weekend
b More Trouble For Barclays As NY AG Preps Suit Over Dark Pool
e 'The Walking Dead' Record-Breaking Season 4 Finale
e Not crazy about Mad Men's season premiere
t Watch Turtle Webcam of loggerhead sea turtle hatchlings in Florida Keys
e Ben Savage's On-Screen Daughter Rowan Blanchard Was Born After 'Boy  ...
b S&P 500 caps worst two-day drop since June
b Today's Mortgage Rates at BB&T Bank Mar 22
m Excess weight a risk factor for ovarian cancer
e Ian Ziering says being away from his kids is 'torture'
t S-class reigns supreme
e 'Star Wars Episode 7' Casting: Two Newcomers Join The Film, One British & One  ...
b Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) – Alibaba's IPO Could Bring Yahoo Lots Of Cash  ...
b Our View: Tough penalties right way to fight hard-core OUI
t Will Windows 9 Transform Microsoft? More Windows 8 vs. Back to Windows 7
e Did Kimye Get Married Over the Weekend or Not?
m Ending AIDS epidemic by 2030 'possible'
m Schumacher's management warns against use of stolen medical files
e Paul Walker To Receive Special Tribute At MTV Movie Awards
b BlackBerry Hits 85 Million Monthly BBM Users With160 Million Registrations
e 'Noah's Ark' review: The world is broken, and God wants Noah to fix it
b UBS: Why Are Emerging Markets Earnings So Weak?
e North Korea to 'Mercilessly' Destroy Makers of Rogen Film
e The 2014 BET Awards' 9 Most Memorable Moments
b Chinese private sector gold demand to rise 25% by 2017: WGC
b Notable Mergers and Acquisitions of the Day 03/27: (BAX) (ACET) (YHOO)
b Missing Malaysian Flight MH370: Search area shifts after Boeing looks at engine  ...
e Things Just Keep Getting Sadder For Lindsay Lohan As She Reveals She Had A  ...
t What does the Heartbleed computer bug mean for your SME?
b WWE renews TV deal with NBCUniversal
e Tyler The Creator Arrested After SXSW 2014 Performance | Video
e Lea Michele Opens Up About 'Legends of Oz' & What's Next for 'Glee' (VIDEO)
t Microsoft takes aim at laptops with new Surface tablet
t UPDATE: FCC's new net neutrality proposal: What do we really know?
e Beyoncé and Jay Z Share Private Video Moments as On the Run Tour Opens in  ...
t Starbucks adds wireless charging stations in San Francisco, will expand to major  ...
b Supreme Court to Consider De Novo Review of Claim Construction
b Michael Sargent: Tax code needs reform, not just additional levies
t General Motors Recalls Another 7 Million Vehicles, Some Dating Back To 1997
b Scoreboard: Fed focus
b Walmart to offer gift cards for old video games
b McDonald's Corporation: McDonald's Reports First Quarter 2014 Results
e Prosecutors charge 'The Shield' actor Michael Jace with murder
e Did Tony Die On 'The Sopranos' Finale? We Finally Got Our Answer
e Bryan Singer 'still planning to direct X-Men: Apocalypse'
b Will Dov Charney's Ouster Affect American Apparel's Marketing?
e Tony Award nominations to be announced Tuesday
t Scientists categorize dinosaurs: not cold-blooded nor warm-blooded
b Are Investors Complacent About Risk? Concern Raised in June Fed Meeting
e Ariana Grande to Debut New Single on MTV's TOTAL ARIANA LIVE Today!
e Lindsay Lohan's Words For The Person Who Leaked Her 'Sex List' (VIDEO)
e Emmy Awards 2014: Breaking Bad Rules, #SherlockWins
m Dollar Shave Club CEO Live-Streams Colonoscopy
b Fitch upgrades Portugal`s outlook to 'positive'
m The Ebola outbreak
b Sign Up For Health Care Today
b State to delist and nationalize reeling Malaysia Airlines in wake of disasters
e Anti-Semitism Opera Canceled
t Photos of the Day: NASA Tech Sees Birth of the Universe
b Whitbread sales up 6.9% on Premier Inn, Costa
t AP source: US to announce $1.2B Toyota settlement - NBC29 WVIR  ...
t Apple iPhone 6 Tipped To Feature Curved Display: Most Gorgeous Concept We  ...
e Dominic Monaghan lands Star Wars VII Jedi role?
t Microsoft Xbox One game console rolls out in China in September
t State to tell 1.3 million of computer hacking
m Massachusetts allows 11 pot dispensaries to move forward
t Arkansas weekly gas update
b UPDATE 2-TrueCar.com shares rise about 11 pct in debut
t Apple's Medical Talent Hiring Spree Hints at iWatch, Wearable Plans
m Eyke: Family of first British Ebola victim, William Pooley, say he is receiving  ...
t iTunes app for Android in the works according to sketchy rumor
m New study suggests parents on smartphones are more harsh with children
e Demi Lovato Makes a Shocking Confession About Her Grandfather
m Ranking the health of Michigan's counties
e Spotify Kills Third-Party App System, Gives American Students a Big Discount
t Microsoft shows off real-time Skype translation
t Titanfall: Xbox One resolution confirmed to be 792p, is 'likely' to be increased  ...
b HP laying off 50000
t Samsung Galaxy Ace Style unveiled: It's aimed at the youth market
t AT&T Plans To Compete With Google Fiber, And Google Might Be Fine With That
b Amazon on Hachette debacle: “A key objective is lower e-book prices”
b Twitter COO Rowghani resigns post
e Who will be our new rogue now that Gorgeous George is off the market?
t 7-inch Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 arrives in India for Rs 17825
e Begin Again: Dkeira Knightley Serenades Mark Ruffalo
e 'The Bachelor' Season 19 Spoilers: Chris Soules Announced As New Star, Fans  ...
e In pictures: Today's best celebrity images, July 2
e Brad Pitt To Play General Stanley McChrystal
m Husbands and Wives have similarity in DNA than Strangers: Study
t US National Climate Assessment must be denounced
b Following months of speculation, Box files for IPO
e 'Earth' echoes older, better films
b Oil Futures Extend Gains, Ukraine Tensions in Focus
t Self-Driving Cars To Hit Public UK Roads From 2015
b Alstom considering GE's bid to acquire energy biz
t Featured Review: Samsung Galaxy Camera 2
b Nigeria's 70% economy boost
m Economic crisis may have intensified obesity epidemic, report finds
t Gear Live: Hands On with Android Wear
t Galaxy S5 Mini Official With Heart Rate Monitor, Fingerprint Reader
b US STOCKS-Futures imply flat open with indexes at record levels
b Mt. Gox Finds 200000 Bitcoins in an Old File
m Children Raised by Same-Sex Couples Are Healthier, Study
e Noah movie sparks debate over one of the world's oldest stories
e Coldplay frontman Chris Martin joins The Voice as mentor
b 'Nomadic' band takes music to Vietnam capital street
m Growing evidence of booze danger as weed remains banned
t Google Glass goes chic with new DVF collection
b Gold “Important” And No Plan To Sell Significant Quantity Of - ECB
b BlackBerry Can Be Bought (BBRY)
e Taylor Swift Pokes Fun at Herself During Surprise 'SNL' Cameo - WATCH NOW!
e Poll: Which 'Orange Is the New Black' Star Was the Best Dressed at the 2014  ...
e 'Jupiter Ascending,' scheduled to hit theaters next month, delayed until Feb. 2015
e 'Sharknado 2' takes Twitter by storm
m Is InterMune Inc. Your Next Biotech Buyout?
t Microsoft-Nokia acquisition deal nears completion
t LG G3: £499 smartphone with double the resolution of Samsung Galaxy S5  ...
t Facebook brings Privacy Checkup to remind users about post audience
e Lindsay Lohan sues 'Grand Theft Auto' maker
b Eurozone Industrial Sector Expanding Again
e Retro 70s style Captain America poster revealed
e Seven Cool RSD Vinyl Releases
e Ever Wondered What Kanye West's Dad Ray Looks Like? Rapper Enjoys Family  ...
b Weibo IPO leads Chinese stock invasion
e Movie Capsules
e Coachella 2014: Festival surprises by Justin Bieber and others, OutKast reunion  ...
b Industrial hemp research bill passes in Nebraska
e Watch the Latest Game of Thrones Trailer
e Justin Bieber apologizes for telling racist joke
t Lavazza Has Built A Coffee Machine For The ISS
b Yahoo! Surges 10%: Q1 Rev, EPS Beat; Display Ex-TAC Up 2%
b SolarCity Dives Into Module Manufacturing
t UAE plans to make history with mission to Mars by 2021
m One dead, 5 others infected with MERS coronaviru​s in UAE
t Google, Other Leading Internet Companies Support Net Neutrality, Call For  ...
e Happy in Tehran' dancers freed, Iranian human rights group says
e Kim Kardashian's Breast-Baring Suit Takes Cleavage to a Whole New Level  ...
b RBI restricts foreign investors from buying Axis Bank shares
t GM recalls 1.5 million more vehicles
t Manipulative User Research Earns Facebook a Shiner
b US stocks end down
e Celebrities Join Chelsea Handler for a Musical Sendoff
t Apple Inc (NASDAQ: AAPL) Pays $450 million In E-books Suit
e Chris Pratt's 8 Best Leading Man Looks
t Facebook Inc (FB) Unveils FBNewswire; Acquires ProtoGeo Oy
b 30-year mortgage rises to 4.40 percent
m Regulators Propose Changes to Illinois' MediPot Rules
b Facebook to Acquire LiveRail for an Undisclosed Amount
t FCC launches inquiry into Comcast, Verizon, Netflix 'peering deals'
m One in Three Alzheimer's Disease Cases Preventable: Research
e 'Community' revived by Yahoo Screen
e Animated sequel 'Legends of Oz: Dorothy's Return' adds little to the story
b WWE Money in the Bank 2014: Superstar Ratings
b Lufthansa cancels 3800 flights due to strike - KTVN Channel 2 - Reno Tahoe  ...
e Information on reclaiming Garth Brooth ticket refunds
b Barclays PLC Dark Pool Penalty Could Hit £ 2 Billion: SocGen
e Photos: Memorable movie roles of Mickey Rooney
e Robin Thicke: Paula Patton "deserves to have a great life"
m Charlotte Ponce, Michigan girl mauled by pet raccoon, getting new ear
e Hedwig Star Neil Patrick Harris Gets Totally Nude (Um, Except a Top Hat) on the  ...
b New buyers fuel more Maine home sales, but median prices dip
t MS targeted in Chinese anti-trust probe
t Facebook rolls out location-sharing feature
b What do you think of the new pound coin?
e Precious Moment On Video: Nicole Kidman And Keith Urban Serenade Sick  ...
e David Arquette announces his engagement to Christina McLarty
t Apple to acquire radio curating service Swell for $30 million: Report
b Emirates airlines says profit up 43% in 2013
e Watch Beyoncé and Jay Z Make a Getaway in Star-Studded 'On the Run' Tour  ...
e Eurovision 2014: Irish entry takes to the stage
m Microbes And Dollar Bills: NYU Project Identifies Bacteria Living On Paper  ...
e Bryan Singer Responds to Sex Abuse Allegations
e Jermaine Jackson Criticises Michael Jackson's New Album
e ABC Doubling Down on Marvel Shows Next Fall With Agent Carter
e Eminem to release 'Headlights' video on Mother's Day
b Euro zone price inflation hits trough in May
e MTV Movie Awards Recap: Eminem and Rihanna Perform, Clips of X-Men and  ...
b Oklahoma Department of Corrections to limit media access to state prisons
e Selena Gomez Hooking Up Orlando Bloom in Revenge Romance?
b Fukushima fishermen approve plan to release groundwater from plant: Reports
b Uber brands taxi companies' memoranda inaccurate
t Apple's reason for buying Beats becomes clearer
t PS4 Worldwide Sales Break 7 Million Units
b US stocks end streak of gains as Iraq concerns loom
t NASA photo captures strange bright light coming out of Mars
t What Google searches can (and can't) reveal about climate skepticism
t Driverless cars to hit the British streets by 2015
b Highlights of five new Myanmar tax laws
e Strahan's 'GMA' side job confirmed with his visit
t Here's what Congress is likely to ask about GM's recall delays
b US pre-open: Subdued start expected after mixed economic data
t NASA Grows Lettuce on International Space Station with 'Veggie'
e Star Wars Update: 2 Actors Cast as Film Takes Two-Week Hiatus Due to  ...
m UK tobacco industry 'needs progressive regulation'
t Climate forecasts underestimate costs to future generations
e Hundreds attend Good Friday crucifixion reenactment in Merced
b Ford CEO gets $5.25m, plus stock options
e Israel Urged To Respect Religious Freedom
e Sir Paul McCartney backed to recover completely from viral infection
t Top ways to save battery life on your Nokia Lumia with Windows Phone 8.1
e How 'Heathers' went from '80s cult classic to Broadway
e Kanye West Furious With Annie Leibovitz Over Wedding Photos
e The Latest "Transformers" Movie Is Both Stupidly Spectacular And Spectacularly  ...
b Citigroup share buyback and dividend plan rejected by Fed
t Google Reveals Self-Driving Car with No Steering Wheel or Brake Pedals
e JK Rowling's Harry Potter Spinoff Fantastic Beasts Confirmed as New Big  ...
t Microsoft: No need for laptop with new Pro
m Bee Healthy: Tips for pollen allergy sufferers
e Robin Thicke says music is like therapy
m Dark Chocolate's Healthy Effects Due to Actions of Gut Bacteria
e Jay Z and Beyoncé Are Going 'On the Run' Together This Summer
e Tupac Shakur Musical 'Holler If Ya Hear Me' …
b California DMV reports possible data breach
e Melissa McCarthy can't rescue down-in-the-dumps 'Tammy'
b Netflix Moves to Content Marketing, but is it Marketing Content?
e VIDEO: Teen Sci-fi Franchise 'Divergent' Debuts With $56M
b Residential Home Sale Report for February Released
b Unemployment: Jobless rates down across the US (interactive map)
m Hummus, dips, walnuts recalled
b Greece said to plan 2 billion-euro bond sale in first half
t Secret Finally Comes to Android
e 'Spider-Man 2' swings into theaters with $91.6M - NewsOn6.com - Tulsa, OK  ...
t Game Review: Story, Choice Intertwine in “Infamous: Second Son”
b Study shows cash is king in Fla. real estate
e Seattle Pride celebrates 40th anniversary this weekend
t Google forms council on 'right to be forgotten'
e Paul McCartney cancels two more Tokyo shows
b Burger King's big deal, InterMune sold, Jim Cramer's energy play
b Hewlett-Packard's Growth Puzzle Breaks the Shares' Momentum
t Adobe issues emergency update to patch IE flaw
b Study: Fuels From Corn Waste Not More Effective Than Gas
b Robert Gates: China, Russia Are Becoming Aggressive As They Perceive US  ...
e Casey Kasem dead at age 82
b US existing home sales fall, hit 18-month low
b How to Capture Google's Volatility -- and Profit
t Facebook slings new messaging app
b China GDP: A Massaging of the Figures?
b Surging demand: Coca-Cola to start 3 new plants in Pakistan
b Brent oil rises back above $110, US gasoline draw supports
b Stocks head lower on Wall Street, led by banks
t Microsoft to Reinvent Productivity to Empower People: Satya Nadella
e Kelly Osbourne Gets 'Stories…' Tattoo On Her Head!
b FOMC Minutes: Fed Sees October End To Asset Purchases
b Fiat-Chrysler CEO says talks with Russia on possible plant continue
e Bachelorette 2014 Spoilers: Week 2 Recap – Strippers and First Kiss!
t Maine Marine Patrol Gears Up for Operation Dry Water
e The Best Beauty Of The 2014 Video Music Awards
e 'Guardians of the Galaxy' Star Chris Pratt Has a History of Flashing
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Takes on a 0.50 Calibre Rifle
b Chrysler Sales Surge 13 Percent In March
b Alabama jobless rate rises to 6.4 percent
b Philadelphia-area transit workers strike over new contract
m Blogger Reports STAP Success
m Justin Bieber and Usher triumph in Somebody...
b Dollar awaits Yellen's testimony, Draghi may check euro's gains
b Myths and Facts: Cutting Carbon Pollution
b Pilgrim's Pride bids to acquire Hillshire Brands for $6.4 billion
b GM making changes to company after ignition switch problem
m Successful PTSD treatment is possible locally
b SLS Las Vegas joins independently operated Hilton hotels chain
t BMW Recalls More Than 156000 Vehicles in US
e Sister's tribute to Peaches Geldof
b US economy grew at 2.6 pct. rate in Q4 as consumer spending rose faster than  ...
t Underground Reservoir could carry three times the Volume of Earth's Oceans
t Apple appeals $400M e-book price-fixing ruling
t Humans Could Be On Mars 'In A Decade'
t Akron weekly gas update for March 24
e Blended: A Barrymore-Sandler Reunion - How Did This Start?
t Video: GM recalling Camaros for ignition switch problem
e Diddy Becomes Puff Daddy Again! Watch The Teaser For His New Song Big  ...
e Actors Will Double for Paul Walker on 'Fast & Furious 7'
t Move over, Pluto, there may be a real planet out there
b Canadian dollar lower amid tumbling gold prices, mixed durable goods data
e American Idol Winner Scotty McCreery Held At Gunpoint In Home Invasion
e Britney Spears Reportedly Facing a Lawsuit from Her Injured Backup Dancer
t New, cheaper iMac looks like DIY nightmare
e Star Wars 7: Major female role still to be announced and more rumours  ...
t 'The Last of Us: Remastered' Release Date Leaked By GameFly and Target  ...
e BREAKING: The End Of AC/DC?
b There Are A Ridiculous Amount Of Similarities Between 'Frozen' And 'The Lion  ...
e Miley Cyrus Disses Liam Hemsworth During Her London Concert!
b Move, Inc: The Unlikely Winner If Zillow Buys Trulia And The "Zillia" Monster  ...
b JD.com Is Latest Chinese Company to Soar In US Trading Debut
b Why the Fed sees inflation differently than you
t OKCupid: 'We experiment on human beings'
b UK inflation accelerates in April
e See Details of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's Wedding Invitation
b BlackBerry (BBRY) Soaring On Q1 Results
e What is 'conscious uncoupling' anyway?
m Deadly H5N1 bird flu virus could easily mutate to spread from human to human
t Google to buy drone-maker Titan Aerospace in hopes of expanding Internet  ...
b Are the two most notorious men in fashion finally getting their comeuppance?
t Honda Recalls Nearly 900000 Odyssey Minivans Over Fuel Strainer Problem
e Teaser of next Hunger Games installment released on YouTube
t E3 2014 – Destiny Gameplay Trailer
b Book News: Amazon Defends Tough Negotiating Tactics
e Adele drops hint on Twitter of new disc
e Tarantino's Hateful Eight Has Live Reading in Hollywood
t Astronomers spot most Earth-like planet yet
e Adam Sandler, Drew Barrymore Reunite at 'Blended' L.A. Premiere
e 'Bullets Over Broadway' a sheer, shameless good time
e Andrew Garfield Kisses Coldplay's Chris Martin on SNL
b Bitcoin property, not currency: IRS
t Aquanaut Fabien Cousteau Surfaces After Spending 31 Days Underwater
b Emerging Stocks Retreat on Valuations While Rupiah Forwards Drop
b US to banks: 'No such thing as too big to jail'
e Say it ain't so! Colin Firth is latest star to try 'conscious uncoupling'
b US STOCKS-Futures dip, with few trading incentives
b Futures File — Soy Market Swamped
b County unemployment rate at 5.2 percent
t Tweetdeck shut down to fix security issue
t Historic hacker attack on EBay happened 3 months ago
t Creepy Study Shows Facebook Can Tweak Your Moods Through 'Emotional  ...
b German Ifo business climate falls to 6-month low of 109.7 in June
e Jennifer Lopez Releases Album Cover, Named Billboard 2014 Music Awards Icon
e Lindsay Lohan defends her mother
t Samsung launches four new mid-market phones
t Massachusetts gas prices hold steady, but still slightly below the national average
e Michael Strahan To Join Good Morning America And Keep Live With Kelly  ...
m Analysis Of Medicare Pay Shows Variations In Drugs Used And Earnings By  ...
b Energy Future Holdings Could Find New Life Through Bankruptcy
e Behind-the-scenes featurette for Disney's Maleficent
e Who said it: Lena Dunham or her 'Girls' character Hannah?
t What a new law about cellphone unlocking has to do with coffee, cars and  ...
t Mozilla loses three board members in wake of CEO appointment
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 to have 5.7-inch QHD screen: Report
e NOAH movie an epic #fail
t Beyond Earth Takes Civilization to the Stars
e Transformers rules 2nd weekend in China
b BlackBerry: Amazon AppStore coming
m As many as one in 68 US kids may have autism
t Samsung Gear 2, Gear Fit And Gear Neo Price And Specs: New Wearable  ...
e Ben Afffleck Banned From Blackjack For Counting Cards
e Oh Mamma! Christina Aguilera Poses Nude With Big Pregnant Belly
e Lea Michele remembers the late Cory Monteith on his 32nd birthday
t Apple Sold 20 Million Apple TVs, Which Are Now Far From A Hobby
e 'Mrs. Doubtfire' Sequel Starts Up Again
e 'Love & Hip-Hop: Atlanta' star, Benzino, shot at mother's funeral
t Ford's ad agency spanks Cadillac with brilliant spoof of obnoxious 'poolside' ad
m DRC confirms Ebola outbreak
m FDA Approves Durata Drug to Treat Acute Skin Infections
e Sean Lowe and Catherine Giudici, Former 'Bachelor' SPOILS Next Season's  ...
e Rob Kardashian Works Out, Kim's Psychic Predicts Second Pregnancy in  ...
m Two new autism studies point to pesticides
t Lumia 930: Hands-on with Nokia's 2014 flagship
t US government issues massive recall notice on buggy Nest alarms
e Arnold Schwarzenegger trained with SWAT team for Sabotage
e Justin Bieber to Seth Rogen: I Love Ur Movies!
b Top Facebook Inc (FB) Execs' Compensation Fell In 2013
b Census: Population increases slightly
e Freddie Prinze Jr. BASHES KIEFER SUTHERLAND -- 'Most Unprofessional  ...
m Dry weather brings elevated allergy levels
m Lufkin Pastor Arrested for Domestic Violence
e North Korea's Kim Jong-Un Declares War On James Franco, Seth Rogen, And  ...
e JetBlue apologize after flight attendant refuses to let toddler use bathroom
b Video: Two guilty of Anglo Irish bank plot new Pat Whelan and William McAteer  ...
t After DDoS Attack on Sony, Do We Get 'Better' Service?
m 30 percent of world is now fat, new study finds
t Europe's move to rein in Google faces opposition in US
e Mila Kunis and Ashton Kutcher Are Ready to Be Parents — Report
b Surprise at SAP change at the top
b DOT Issues Emergency Regulations Governing Rail Tank Car Transportation of  ...
e NBC announces lead for live musical 'Peter Pan'
e Actor Eli Wallach Dies
e MTV Style x #shehashadit Take On The 2014 MTV Movie Awards
b Cement deal hardens
e Kim Kardashian Has Taken Cleavage to a Whole New Level of Extreme
b Alt-Energy Shines on Emerging Market Demand - Zacks Analyst Interviews
m (click the phrases to see a list)
b Google now the most valuable brand, jumping above Apple
e Spidey's still more competent than 'Amazing'
e Godzilla, Then And Now - Look! It Moves! by Adi Tantimedh
e Gregg Allman Files Lawsuit To Block Filming Of Midnight Rider Biopic
t French Carrier Iliad Offers to Buy T-Mobile
m Obamacare for ex-inmates: Is health insurance an antidote to crime?
e Chris Hemsworth and wife Elsa Pataky welcome their twin sons
m E. coli, MRSA can survive for days on planes
t 911 officials: Text messaging coming soon
e Radio icon Casey Kasem dies at 82 | USA NOW
t CEO Mary Barra calls GM's actions on deadly defect 'unacceptable'
t A Leap Through History With Apollo 11. Moon Landing 45 Years Later
t Wii U drags Nintendo into $97 million Q1 loss
m 40 percent of US homes have only cellphone, no landline, survey shows
t What was your first tweet? Twitter allows users to find opening messages as  ...
b S&P Dow Jones Indices Announces Changes to the S&P/TSX Canadian Indices
t Facebook's New App Gives Free Internet Access in Developing World
e Marvel is replacing Steve Rogers with the new, black...
b Strong Euro Adds Pressure on Draghi to Initiate Further Monetary Stimulus
e Family Releases Statement Over Peaches Geldof's 'Unexplained' Death
e Moviegoers chose 'Neighbors' over 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2'
t WhatsApp CEO reassures users it won't share data with Facebook after acquisition
b RPT-Fitch Assigns Phoenix Park CLO Limited Expected Ratings
t T-Mobile made millions with bogus charges, FTC says
t Apple To Release New, Cheaper 8GB iPhone 5c This Week?
e 'The Voice' Season 6 Battles Round 2: The choices are getting tougher
b Swistzerland probes top banks for currency manipulation
t NASA Seeks Innovative Ideas for Wild Asteroid-Capture Plan
b Detroit strikes 2nd deal with its other retirees - WREX.com – Rockford's News  ...
b EU should be ashamed over sanctions says Russia
m Hummus Sold At Target, Trader Joe's, Giant Eagle Recalled For Potential  ...
b Jessica Alba's Honest Co. valued at just short of $1 billion
m Federal Health Survey Concludes 2.3% Of Population Identifies As Gay Or  ...
t OVERNIGHT TECH: FCC has nearly 800k net neutrality comments
b Orchestrating Alstom follows long French tradition
b German ZEW economic sentiment falls for seventh month
b US consumer confidence fell in April
t Nokia confirms Suri as CEO as Q1 revenue slides
b Internet Tops TV in Advertising Revenue
e VIDEO: TI And Floyd Mayweather Fight — Photo Set The Rapper Off
b Russian stocks fall sharply on back of US sanctions
e 'The Purge: Anarchy' releases the beast in the streets of Los Angeles
e Fired 'Times' editor jokes about NYT tattoo
b China sees rise in consumer inflation for March
e Paul Walker To Live On as 'Fast & Furious 7' Filming Restarts
b Qualcomm Slips: FYQ2 Rev Misses; Raises Year EPS View
b The Obamas Paid a 20% Effective Tax Rate -- Yours Is Probably Higher
e Tony Award nominations prove Broadway producers make safe investments in  ...
b Federal funds on the way for citrus greening research
b DC metro gas prices down 3 cents from last week
t Arizona Weekly Gas Price Update and Outlook
b Silence on ECB's Bank Asset Review Tested by Legal Blind Spot
m Ebola in Guinea and Liberia update
b Backstage Details On How Daniel Bryan Is Being Viewed & Whether He Is Still  ...
b Taco Bell Ads Feature Real-Life Ronald McDonalds
b World in Brief: 12/4/2014
b Daily FX Analysis
t Iceland volcano threat goes Red
m Saudi hospitals struggle to contain MERS cases
e Franklin Graham: Persecution of Christians Occurs Abroad and in US
t 'Simple error' behind Heartbleed
t General Motors And NHTSA Under Congressional Subcommittee's Investigation
b Oil prices mixed in Asian trade
e Hollywood`s `not the main focus` for Angelina Jolie and her family
b US factory activity growth slows slightly in March
m Ryan Lewis Reveals That His Mother Is HIV Positive
b Barclays to slash 20000 jobs
b IMF sees no "brutal slowdown" in China - Christine Lagarde
t Next frontier for Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg: 'Drones, satellites and lasers' to  ...
e Game Of Thrones Renewed For Season 5 and Season 6
t NASA TV to Air Events About Pluto-Bound Spacecraft
t NEPA breathing easier, but what about ozone?
t Facebook to buy Oculus for £1.2bn
t Beware Heartbleed phishermen hooking fearful users
e Radio Cue Sheets to Almost Every Casey Kasem 'American Top 40′ Show
t Galaxy S5 Help: Questions New Galaxy S5 Users May Ask
m ACA Quality Reforms Saved $4B, Medicare Says
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 at IFA 2014 - Changing Mobile Industry?
e At Aereo arguments, old-school v. new technology: Frankel
e Pharrell, Alsina, Nyong'o early winners at BET awards
b Doves Hold the Reins as Fed Plots Exit from Ultra-Loose Policies
e Hollywood Friday: The Autobots are back to thrill in 'Transformers: Age Of  ...
t Amazon's Fire Phone costs $205 to build
e Two Irish actors invited to join the Academy
e Jay Z & Beyoncé make your summer by confirming tour
b US stocks lower amid mixed earnings
m Dementia, Alzheimer's diagnosis on healthy decline, say new research reports
b AT&T agrees to buy DirecTV in $48.5 billion cash and stock deal
t Cost-cutting set up GM for model flaws
b Massachusetts Health Reform Linked To Significant Decline In Deaths - And  ...
m Electrical stimulation of brain enables 'lucid dreaming,' new study finds
t New mystery for NASA: Why is Jupiter's red spot shrinking?
t Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs. Samsung Galaxy Note 4 – Comparison of Features  ...
e See Jessica Simpson's Beautiful Wedding Portrait!
m Spinal cord work offers unexpected hope
t Something else spotted in that goblin shark photo has Gulf scientists excited
m Childhood vaccines are safe. Seriously.
m Marijuana to be used to treat epilepsy?
e 'Bachelor' offends again: Juan Pablo Galavis makes enemies with "retarded" tweet
t France's Iliad makes a surprise bid for T-Mobile. Would it be a better fit?
e Catching Fire wins big at MTV Movie Awards
t Nest launches in the UK today for £179
t US, UK governments advise against using Internet Explorer
t Graco issues car seat recall
t The Challenges of New Media: Even The Undertaker Has His Bad Days
e Kim Jong-un Regime Critical of Upcoming James Franco-Seth Rogen Comedy
b Stocks Bounce Back as Traders Await Fed Minutes
b Merck drops after selling consumer care unit to Bayer for $14.2 bln
b Mass. gas prices up 2 cents per gallon
t Apple Inc. (AAPL) MacBook Air Now Faster And Cheaper
t Apple close to buying Beats for $3.2 billion: source
m Teenagers and young adults increasingly exposed to ads for e-cigarettes
m Kids and caffeine a dangerous combination, study suggests
e American Airlines Terror Threat: Dutch Teen Arrested
b Inmarsat says it will offer free basic tracking service following loss of Malaysian  ...
b IMF announces up to $18 billion Ukraine bailout
t Here's How Close You Are to Getting Smashed by an Asteroid in 2014
e CBS's 'How I Met Your Mother' Ends, Cobie Smulders Says Show Came 'Full  ...
e Mount Saint Joseph Senior Carly Monzo takes Olympian Shaun White to Prom
e 'True Blood' Fans React to the 'Worst Series Finale Ever'
b Airbnb to Offer Rooms for Business Travelers With Concur
e Jimmy Fallon off to fast start on NBC's 'Tonight' show
b Taco Bell reveals next moves
e Fans have a chance to be in Star Wars: Episode VII
t Xbox One SmartGlass App Now Lets You Buy Games on The Go
e WWE's Pat Patterson: 'I'm gay'
t Bacteria Given Expanded Genetic Code
t Ice Sheets in Western Antarctica Collapsing Slowly but Steadily
t NASA Just Released Surreal Footage Of A Solar Flare On The Sun
e Erykah Badu Crashes Live TV Shot With a Smooch (WATCH)
t FB News: Facebook Brings Free Internet to Zambia
e Katy Perry being sued by Christian rappers over hit song Dark Horse
e Miley Cyrus Is Forced to Stay in the Hospital
m WHO South-East Asia Region certified polio-free
t Facebook second largest market in India
e Rumor: Indiana Jones 5 Might Recast Indy, Ditch Harrison Ford
b Rolls-Royce share price: Order book hit as Emirates cancel Airbus order
t UAE plans unmanned Mars mission by 2021
t Samsung's real challenge: developing a sense of focus, taste, and restraint
t Watch Dogs ctOS Breaches Locations Guide – How To Find ctOS Boxes
m UPDATE 1-US CDC says finds smallpox vials from 1950s in FDA storage room
b Kentucky Braces For Fallout From Toyota Decision
b Math Error Halts Bank Of America's Stock Buy Back And Dividend Increase
t Drug-dealing game Weed Firm tops Apple's App Store charts
e Black Comic Nick Cannon Puts on White Face to Promote Satirical Album
b KKR & Co. LP: ADM Expands Food-Ingredient Offering with Acquisition of WILD  ...
b Midday movers: Cummins, Dollar Tree, Zillow & More
e Here Is a Picture of Miley Cyrus Rolling a Joint
e Olivia Wilde: 'Otis Alexander Sudeikis has LEFT the building! (I'm the building)'
m Check your chicken; meat recalled for salmonella fears sold in Utah, other states
t Buying the Samsung Galaxy S5: noteworthy deals to consider
t Microsoft rushes to fix Internet Explorer after attacks
e 'Scandal' Actor Arrested, Faces Up To 4 Years …
b Euro zone sentiment and inflation expectations rise in May
t 5 MONTHS AFTER | MH370 may have turned south 'earlier' than thought
m With 'bionic eye,' Michigan man now sees hope
t True Detective, Yes, Yes... But! Cosmos Debuts Tonight!
e Lady Gaga talks about singing standards with Tony Bennett
b EU and US condemn 'cowardly and pointless' Twitter ban
b Reasons for hope on easing pay gap
b World Stocks Hold at All-time High After Banner Week
t Dems Seek Wheeler Input On Comcast/TWC, AT&T/DirecTV
e 'Father Of The Bride 3' Might Be Coming To Us With A Gay Wedding Theme
t Amazon to purchase Twitch for $970 million in cash
m New 3-D mammogram showing promise
b Southwest Pilot Wrong Landing (UPDATE): One of Two Pilots Retires
t Samsung Galaxy S5 launch day sales 'double Galaxy S4'
t Toyota settlement for 1.2 billion
t Everything you need to know about Heartbleed
t For iPhone and iPad iOS 8
e Review: Game of Thrones — 'The Laws of Gods and Men' (s4, e6) (Includes first  ...
b Travellers skeptic about flying Malaysia Airlines
t Google takes to Google+ to defend Google Glass
t Bigfoot Evidence and Sightings 2014: Alleged Sasquatch DNA Samples Belong  ...
e Jack White produces the world's fastest released record
m Scientists Create Creepy-Looking Transparent Mice
e Rihanna backtracks on Palestine tweet
e One cool customer: Hilary Duff looks relaxed in curve-hugging jeans... day  ...
m 'Match Day' a family event for many University of Michigan medical students
t Microsoft: ID@Xbox parity clause enforcement to be decided case-by-case
t Analysts Do Not See A Shrinking PC Market As Had Been Projected
m Ebola : President Koroma clears the air and urges more effort by all to defeat  ...
b Egypt's prime minister seeks to justify fuel subsidy cuts
e 'The Voice': Orlando singer electrifies
e Edgar Wright Leaves Marvel Studios' Ant-Man
e Wife of country singer Trace Adkins' files for divorce in Tenn.; asks for custody of  ...
t Apple Inc. on the Verge of Buying Beats for $3.2 Billion
t Apple, Samsung beware: Google Android Wear has a lot more up its sleeve than  ...
e Beyonce And Jay Z Grace The BET Awards Stage Via Video Recording
b Volatility knocks
t Facebook testing on-screen 'Buy' button
e Kids Choir Singing Pharrell's 'Happy' Guaranteed to Make You Smile
t Speaking of Glassholes, Google wants to trademark the term 'Glass'
t Beats acquisition would give Iovine and Dr. Dre senior positions at Apple, report  ...
b Fed May Do Away with Threshold Guidance Under New Chief
b Compensation battle rages four years after BP's US oil spill
e Mother may I? Alamuddin and Clooney wedding still on
b S&P 500 tops 2000 mark for first time
b Honda's quarterly profit up on Asian sales growth
b Texas wins Toyota HQ
t Moto E detailed vs Moto G in leaked image
b Accenture, McCormick Net Jump; Bed Bath Net Falls
t Localytics: Samsung Galaxy S5 Is 0.7% Of All Android-Powered Smartphones
e Miley Cyrus leaves little to imagination as she performs in London
e Simon Cowell Regrets Stealing Friend's Wife
t Apple, Google Call Truce on Lawsuits
e Surfboard! Beyoncé & Hova's Sunny Couple Getaway
e The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge out of Water - Trailer
e Radio pioneer Casey Kasem dead at 82 years old
m Lab-grown vaginas successfully implanted in teen girls born without the sexual  ...
m New study says more babies getting hurt by failing gates
e Fire Weather Watch
m Texting while driving is latest teen risk as smoking declines
e Coup in sunny Thailand spurs overseas cancellations, as tourists on beaches  ...
b Mark Zuckerberg Reaped A $3.3 Billion Gain Last Year From Stock Options
e UPDATE 1-HBO strikes deal with Amazon to stream shows
b Fed chair Yellen faces first leadership test
t Sony PlayStation 4 Sales Reach 7 Million on Surging Demand (1)
m 6 Questions About Ebola, Answered
b Stocks move higher as health care holdings recover from sell-off
e Kanye West & Kim Kardashian Open Their Wedding Album
e Kevin Costner through the years
e Kendall Jenner Makes Mermaids Proud At The 2014 Met Gala!
b Chipotle plans first price increase in 3 years as ingredients become costly
b International markets roundup
t Scientists Identify Fossils Of The World's Largest Flying Bird
b Tyson chicken nuggets recalled for 'foreign matter'
b Fed mulls policy exit, eyes October end of asset purchases
t Report: High Waves Pose Threat to Arctic Ecosystem
e 'Dancing With the Stars': And the Winner Is ...
e Pamela Anderson details past sexual abuse
e Yeah, Zac Efron Table Dancing To Jason Derulo's 'Wiggle' Is JUST As Good As It  ...
e Simon Kinberg says it's likely Bryan Singer could return for 'X-Men: Apocalypse'
e Home > Beyonce Knowles > Beyonce And Jay Z To Travel Apart?
e Critics at Cannes Slam Ryan Gosling's Directorial Debut
e 'Game of Thrones' author rebukes morbid speculation over his health: 'F*ck you'
t Kidnapped! iOS and Mac devices held to ransom via 'Find My iPhone' hack
e Kacy Catanzaro 1st woman to qualify for finals of American Ninja Warrior
t Time Warner Cable's CFO Artie Minson to Participate in Needham's Advanced  ...
b WWE SummerSlam And Money In The Bank And Main Events Spoiled By New  ...
t Researchers place Sensors in the Arctic region to study ice melting
b Pfizer says AstraZeneca commitments are 'binding'
e Movie review | Heaven Is for Real: Tale keeps the faith in family
t Google 'censorship' a slippery slope
b JD.com Debut Bodes Well — And Ill — For Alibaba IPO
t Google in talks to buy video game streaming service Twitch
b Tip Starbucks Baristas from Your iPhone
m Forget mums, young dads face depression too
t WW Access Device Shipments To Grow 4.2% In 2014: Gartner
e BLOGS OF THE DAY: Brad Pitt returns to World War II
m Scientists Have Successfully Grown and Implanted Vaginas in Four Women
t Government says no need to park recalled GM cars
b US Inequality Is Not At All Like You Think It Is
e Ratings: No One Wants to 'Marry Harry'
b Murdoch backs BSkyB European expansion plan
e Lindsay Lohan admits list of lovers is real on 'Watch What Happens Live'
t AT&T's lobby force seeks redemption
t Samsung Gear Live Watch Battery Life Sucks
e North Korea Vows Retaliation Over Seth Rogen Movie
m HIV prevalence in SA in 2012 estimated at 12.2% - HSRC
e Record Store Day Spins Through New Orleans
b VW eyes Fiat takeover
b Brokers cut ties to Barclays dark pool: Report
e Selena Gomez's family doesn't like that she's spending time with Justin Bieber  ...
t Microsoft plans major job cuts after Nokia acquisition
t GM (GM) US Auto Sales Rose 12.6% in May; Strongest Month Since Aug. 2008
e The Colbert (tax) Report
e Rose Byrne proves women can be dumb, funny and 'Bad Neighbours'
m Marking a Scientific Milestone, and Celebrating a Gay Hero, in the HIV Epidemic
e Style File: Emma Watson's 10 Best Red-Carpet Looks Ever
m Police: Man, 86, kills grandson's girlfriend, self
b American Apparel denies Charney's request for stockholder meeting
t Best Mustangs of 1994-2004: Revamped Fox
e Community Season 6 Gets a Home at Yahoo
t GM issues more recalls, covering 474000 vehicles
m Live Well 05-25-14
b GoPro files for an IPO to grow its media empire
e The Official Final Trailer For Maleficent And Its Attempt At Seductive Voice Over  ...
e Once Upon A Time Casts Anna And Kristoff
m 'Ebola Outbreak Is National Emergency'
e Review: Humor vies with heartbreak in 'The Cripple of Inishmaan' starring Daniel  ...
e Kanye West Praises the Kardashian Family in 20-Minute Wedding Speech
b Major Automakers Report Strong July U.S. Vehicle Sales
b A New Miracle Drug May Be Able to Cure a Disease Affecting 150 Million People  ...
t Tim Cook calls mobile payments an "interesting area" in new WSJ interview
t Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Reportedly Agreed to Buy Twitch for $1 Billion [Update]
t The US Government Is Investigating Why Your Netflix Is So Slow
t Google tries to block NSA spies with new encryption tool
t Google-owned Nest opens up to third-party apps
t Intel Core i3 4th Generation Powered Chromebooks Launched
t 250 new emoji added to Unicode Standard
b FCA Develops Plan for Challenging European Market
b Los Angeles uni under water after 10 million gallons gushes from mains
e 68th Annual Tony Awards Nominations Announced; Gentleman's Guide Leads  ...
e Gallery: All the dresses from amfAR's Cannes gala
e Kim Kardashian's Sneaky Met Gala Switcheroo! What You Might Not Have  ...
e Belize Media Group pays tribute to Maya Angelou
b Japan, Australia reach deal on free trade
t Rumor: Apple Will Release a Cheaper iPhone 5C
b Investors to seek clues from Fed on rate increase
e Sir Paul McCartney backed to recover completely from viral infection
e Video: Clayton Kershaw throws baseball at Jimmy Kimmel's head
e Lupita Nyong'o Named People's Most Beautiful; 'I'm Happy For All The Girls Who  ...
e Kim Kardashian flashes sideboob as she and Kanye West step out in Paris
t Bullet Bill From Super Mario Series Confirmed For Super Smash Bros
t A Whiff of Something Good
b Devon Energy To Sell Assets Worth $2.3 Billion To Linn Energy
e Big-Game-Hunting Cheerleader Under Fire
t FBI user info request is successfully handled by Microsoft
b Why `Candy Crush' Maker Was Crushed in IPO
t UN experts predict higher temperatures and hunger
e Michael Jackson bodyguards recall craziness of protecting the King of Pop
e Peaches Geldof 'was unique'
b Longer-term euro zone bond yields edge up after Chinese PMI data
m Rare Mono Mono Twins Born In Ohio
e Monty Python gang refuse to retire
t Man from London linked to CRA theft
b Germany's RWE starts reverse-flow natural gas deliveries to Ukraine
b Global aviation profit to hit US$18bil but margin still low
b BlackBerry Brings Back Bold as Growth Remains a Year Away
t Samsung Galaxy Ace Style lands as basic Android offering
t Sony PlayStation Network hit by attack, exec's flight diverted
e 'Saturday Night Live' Star Brooks Wheelan Says He's Been Fired
t Apple-approved drug-dealing game tops iTunes chart
b New US home sales plunge 14.5 percent in March
e Thor is female - the internet reacts
b comiXology is being bought by Amazon
e Adam Levine and Usher Perform 'How Does It Feel' on The Voice
b Pratt trying to pin down F135 flaw
b Insider Selling: Lawrence Page Unloads 41666 Shares of Google Stock (GOOGL)
m Tennessee mom makes history, first charged with 'drug assault' on newborn
b Zillow CEO on buying up competitor Trulia amid rush of corporate mergers
b Saturday, March 29 2014 10:24 AM
b Inflation jumps back above wage growth in April
e Emma Stone joins cast of Woody Allen-helmed upcoming movie
e Ailing Miley Cyrus postpones Foxwoods Casino show, remaining U.S. concert  ...
t Longitude Prize 2014: £10 Million Award For 'Great Problem' Solutions
e Ousted NYT editor shies from controversy in first comments
t Apple and IBM team up to make a big enterprise push
b Amazon Fire Phone vs LG G3 spec comparison: Which should you buy?
e Watch first trailer for This Is Where I leave You starring Jason Bateman, Tina Fey  ...
t This is the HTC One (M8) Ace
e Claire Danes & Hugh Dancy Are A Dashing Duo At The 2014 Met Gala!
e As Tupac Shakur Musical Bombs On Broadway: 18 Other Jukebox Shows With  ...
b Google Earnings Up From Last Q1, but Falls Shy of Forecasts
t iOS tops Android for Web browsing in US and other developed nations
e Westfield News
m Environmental Factors May Play A Role In Autism Risk
m Spinal Stimulation Helps Four Patients with Paraplegia Regain Voluntary  ...
t Facebook acquires video ad company
b Auto Safety Group: Congressional Documents Show GM Rejected Safer Ignition  ...
t Birthday Gift: Turkey Bans Twitter as 140-Character Sensation Celebrates 8th  ...
b Ousted American Apparel CEO increases stake to nearly 43 pct
t PS4 Sells 7 Million Worldwide
t Apple reportedly working to bring live television to Apple TV
b What You Need To Know About AstraZeneca plc Rejecting Pfizer's Final Offer
e 8 Moments from True Tori That Were Painfully Familiar for Anyone Who's Ever  ...
b Broken water pipe causes flooding at UCLA campus
b Twitter Inc. (TWTR) Is Climbing After COO Departs
b Proposed rule change may leave thousands of Hong Kong accountants jobless
m Indonesian woman suspected of having contracted MERS virus
e Khloe Kardashian Still Trying To Reach Out To Rob Kardashian
e 'Grease' Musical to Air Live on Fox
b Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 shot down; 295 dead
m Ryan Lewis Reveals His Mom Has HIV
t Fox News Uses 'BioShock Infinite' Logo, Ken Levine Calls It 'Irony'
e Oprah Winfrey returning to Atlanta at Philips Arena Sept. 5-6
e The Shortlist for June 26
e Game of Thrones: 'The Laws of Gods and Men' Best GIFs of the Night
e Katherine Heigl Talks Family, Hollywood And Rom-Com Regrets...
m West Africa braces for more Ebola cases (VIDEO)
b Alstom weighs $13.5bn GE offer
e Judge Joe Brown arrested for contempt of court
b Asia: Hong Kong stocks play catch up
t Google Unleashes Myriad I/O Announcements
m Digging Into Sarepta's FDA Victory
e MN Restaurants, Chefs Get James Beard Noms
m Double mastectomy choice challenged
e How I Met Your Mother finale recap: One last grand gesture
b Situation in Vietnam reportedly peaceful
t Google's future phone: The customizable Ara
t Samsung 1Q Net Profit Rises on Chip Sales -- Update
e Unsafe speed caused Paul Walker crash
t GM reveals most powerful drop-top Corvette
m Report: Millions of Maternal and Child Deaths Can Be Prevented
b Pandora Radio to Increase Subscription Pricing for New Users, Drops Annual  ...
t Google bought a company that makes solar drones, and we're officially freaked out
e Drake Performs 'Honorable Mention,' 'Side Pieces' at the 2014 ESPYS
t Did HTC Just Troll Us with a HTC Nexus 9 Render at Google I/O?
e Kristen Bell Pregnant: 'Veronica Mars' Actress, Husband Dax Shepard Expecting  ...
e 'The Walking Dead' season 5 spoilers: Are the people at Terminus cannibals  ...
b Fabio Capello says he's staying on as Russia coach
e The magnificent Eli Wallach passes away
m MERS-CoV in US: Third Case Infected Due to Person-to-Person Contact, Health  ...
b RPT-UK labs play shrinking role in AstraZeneca drug portfolio
b S&P 500, Dow hits record highs on upbeat economic data
b AG STRANGE ANNOUNCES $550 MILLION JOINT STATE-FEDERAL  ...
e Levi's CEO Chip Bergh hasn't washed his jeans in a year - WSFA.com: News  ...
e Jerry Lewis immortalized in cement at Chinese Theatre
e 'Spider-Man' opens strong in China; local films score big on 3-day holiday
e Troian Bellisario on GQ Pictorial: Of Course We're Photoshopped!
t Google tests automated cars on city streets
b Chinese companies buy GlencoreXstrata mine in Peru for $5.85 billion
e Does Andi Know? Boozy Bachelor Chris Soules Has History Of Alcohol-Related  ...
t Vessyl iOS-connected smart cup analyzes, tracks what you drink
e Why Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt Are "More Interested in Each Other" Than Ever
b Factbox: What it would take for the ECB to vote on fresh action
m HIV researchers reportedly among victims of Ukraine plane crash
b Tesla Takes on Missouri
e Grace Dent: Not good enough for the cover of 'Vogue'? Kim Kardashian has a lot  ...
b Tesla reaches deal to keep selling in New York
b The New York Post that the deal will go through for $3 billiona
b Tesla outlook disappoints, shares drop 7%
t Facebook Will Let Your Friends Know When You're Close By
e The Daily Dish
e Game Of Thrones Season 4 Mere Weeks Away - Here's 5 Reasons Why We  ...
e Karrueche Tran, BET Exec Apologize for Dissing Blue Ivy's Hair
m Luke, FDA Has OKed Your 'Skywalker' Arm
t Turning light into matter
m Officials: Mosquito with West Nile found in Oklahoma
e Don't need kids? Will Goerge and Amal be planning for kids soon
b China Final Manufacturing PMI 49.4 In May - HSBC
e The New '24' series just like old '24' series
m Scientists take step toward blood test for suicide
e Brad Pitt And Angelina Jolie Starring In Another Movie Together
e Cory Still s Topanga As A New Generation 'Meets World'
e Paul McCartney cancels Japan tour because of sickness
e Shigeru Ban wins 2014 Pritzker Prize
m Walgreens settles with diabetic employee
t Facebook to track users' web browsing data for better targeted ads
e Dutch teen arrested over Twitter threat involving American Airlines
e Robert Downey Jr. releases statement after son's arrest
e Amal Alamuddin's Engagement Ring: Check Out the Bling George Clooney  ...
e Insufficient evidence against Bieber
b Joint Statement on Fifth India-US Strategic Dialogue
e People Are Learning More From 'The Colbert Report' Than Any News Show
t Major cellphone makers, carriers to install 'kill switch' by 2015
b Russia to supply natural gas to China
m MERS toll surges to 282 in Saudi Arabia
e Katherine Heigl On Backlash: 'Hollywood Turned On Me'
t SpaceX's Elon Musk: I'll put HUMAN BOOTS on MARS by 2026
e Selena Gomez's rumored boyfriend Justin Bieber detained at LAX Airport for  ...
b Open Sesame: The Alibaba IPO is a go
m UK Ebola victim 'in best place'
e Coming to Theatres: Meet the New Aquaman, Plus Matt Damon's Next Big Project
e Prosecutors Charge 'The Shield' Actor With Murder in Wife's Death
t US Cellular Starts Presales of Samsung Galaxy S5 With $50 Google Play  ...
b Euro Area Growth Slows In The First Quarter, ECB Eyed
e Batman vs. Superman is Officially Titled Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice!
e Kansas City water park releases tallest waterslide test run video
e 'Mad Men' returns April 13: Get caught up on where the characters left off
t New Android TV To Launch At Goole IO
t Mark Zuckerberg Has Been Summoned to Appear in Iranian Court
b Stocks Open Lower On Wall Street, Led By Banks
t If Mario Kart doesn't sell the Wii U, what will?
e Kendall Jenner And Jourdan Dunn Make A Statement In Topshop At The Met  ...
e Lana Del Rey Splits With Boyfriend & Angers Frances Bean Cobain
e Ban 'bossy'? Suck it up, girls
b Nissan full year profit jumps 14% to $3.8 billion
b Draft Rule Clarifies Protection for US Streams, Wetlands
t Elizabeth Warren and the Internet “Regulators”
b Video shows train nearly hit 2 women
m 2 deaths at Amazon.com centers investigated by OSHA
e Harrison Ford airlifted to hospital after Star Wars set injury
t Duracell and Starbucks begin US rollout of Powermat wireless charging
e Obama, 9/11 Families, First Responders Attend 9/11 Memorial Dedicatio
b CNBC Comment: Why Draghi can't relax this summer
b Biotech drugmaker Amgen laying off at least 2400, but will expand Bay Area  ...
e Home News Muppets Most Wanted least appealing of popular...
b Christine Jones takes on the boys, plus the good ol' boys network, in crowded  ...
e Silver Screen Review: Transformers: Age of Extinction
e Coachella's Promoter on Producing the World's Top Festival, a Third Weekend  ...
b Earnings Preview: Mass Market Gaming Will Drive Growth For Las Vegas Sands  ...
b ECB's Constancio: ECB stands ready to counter deflationary risks
e Coachella 2014: A first-timer shares her thoughts on the festival
e Public Beach Closed During Hangout Fest
t Google Wants Your House as Nest Snaps up Dropcam
e LOOK Social media marketers, watch what you leave on your computer
t Regulators Failed To Open GM Probes On Two Occasions
e Brody Jenner Not Attending Kim Kardashian's Wedding; Kardashians In Paris
m A second language may keep the brain young
b Business briefs
t Mercedes Benz G 63 AMG 6×6 is towed after getting stuck at a beach
e Who Won The Battle Rounds On The Voice USA 2014 Last Night? Night 1
t Apple won't get squat from Office for iPad sales, UBS says
b Microsoft Earnings: 6 Questions
b Dollar touches one-month high vs. Yen
e Woody Allen casts Emma Stone in next film
t Politician and paedophile ask Google to 'be forgotten'
b Kraft Foods Recalls 96000 Pounds of Hot Dogs
b Twice a day, 120-car trains carrying light crude oil will pass through Historic  ...
e 'Heaven Is for Real': Pedestrian script saved by diving acting
e Juan Pablo Stupid Tweets Ignorant Or Mean? Bachelor Slammed By Andi  ...
b Patent Office Cancels Redskins Trademark
m Oscar would probably have fallen in the dark: doctor
e Bradley Cooper tops Indiana Jones recast rumor list
m Have millions been wasted on flu drug?
b Amazon's Fire Phone is born to shop
e Miley Cyrus has got a new tattoo in memory of her dead dog
t Sony PlayStation Back Online After DDoS Attack
e MoMA's First Curated App Belongs to Björk
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Pre-Order On AT&T Announced
e RECAP: The Bachelorette Watch: Who Is Getting a Hometown Date?
b Blackberry announces $23M profit for Q1
e NFL: M.I.A Sued by League for Extra $15.5M After Middle-Finger Incident
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S' phone-syncing feature SideSync isn't new, but it is  ...
b Malaysia Airlines to change name to boost reputation: Report
t Samsung's Galaxy S5 fingerprint scanner hacked
b Early Morning Activity Shows Ford Motor (F) Down
e Kim Kardashian to wed in exclusive garden
e 'Transformers' destroys the box office competition
b Wells Fargo Funding Expanding Acceptance Of E-Signatures, DocuSign Reports
e Garth Brooks bus tickets
t IPCC Draft: brake on food supply and economy
e 'Colbert Report' tweet about Redskins bit goes awry; #CancelColbert ensues
e US Airways Tweet: X-Rated Twitter Mistake Will Live in Infamy
t It's Freebie Friday! Free Samsung Galaxy S5, $10 off at Target
e First Trailer For 'St. Vincent' – Starring Bill Murray, Melissa McCarthy, Naomi  ...
b FHA Mortgage Rates and VA Loans: KeyBank Mortgage Interest Rates for March  ...
b Argentina: Supreme Court debt ruling is 'extortion'
m Blumenthal and Connecticut doctors push for stricter e-cigarette regs
t Rep. Carol Shea-Porter: Washington must enforce equal Internet speeds for all
m Investors Are Watching: MannKind Corporation (NASDAQ:MNKD), UnitedHealth  ...
b Washington state issues 24 marijuana shop licenses - WCBD-TV: News  ...
b US durable goods orders rise
t PS4 tops Xbox One in March retail video game sales
b Fannie Mae: Housing 'remains a source of concern'
b US Urges China to Allow Bigger Market Role in Valuing Yuan (1)
b Dollar bulls rewarded as Yellen adopts hawkish stance
e Christie to poke fun at scandal on 'Tonight' show
m Redditors Gave Amazing Response to Grieving Dad
e Kim Kardashian warns Khloe: Kanye's without baggage and she wants same for  ...
m Support group helps young women deal with disease
e “The Other Woman,” “Brick Mansions” and “The Quiet Ones” Open Friday
e Stephen Moyer Doesn't Need "True Blood" to Tie Up the Sookie-Bill Storyline
m Morocco 'a Model for Africa' in Fight against HIV: UNAIDS
t Google Dispels Top 10 "Myths" Associated With Google Glass
t American Lung Association Call for 'Clean Air' Mandate in Lakeland-Winter Haven
e 'Sons of Anarchy' Season 7 Adds Courtney Love in "Pivotal" Role
e Justin Bieber - Justin Bieber Poses As James Dean
b Court orders Russia to pay $50 billion in Yukos case
t Samsung Galaxy S5 release: Networks, prices and all the details as the latest  ...
t 6 of Our Favorite Tech Time Capsules
e Jay Z & Beyonce “On the Run” Stadium Tour Dates are Set, Presales Start 4/29
e Michelle Obama Says Soldier Was Caught In A 'Fire Fart' [VIDEO]
b Taiwan Dollar Set for Biggest Weekly Gain Since 2012 on Inflows
b Target Replaces Head of Canadian Operations
b California Could Land Tesla Battery Plant After All
e 'Godzilla' tramples rivals with monster $93 million debut
t Get Cameras Ready To Capture "Supermoon"
b Medium-term inflation to sway next ECB decision
e New project with Brad will be experimental: Angelina Jolie
e Details about Jena Irene's 'American Idol' 2014 Hometown Parade, concert and  ...
e Rosie O'Donnell Rumored To Be Officially Returning To 'The View'
e Robert Downey Jr's son arrested for drug possession 9:21AM
m New study notes differences in brains of children with autism
m Eat seven portions of fresh fruit and veg, Britons told
e Universal announces opening date of Diagon Alley
e 'Captain America' takes a monumental trip to Washington
m Drinking milk staves off arthritis in women
e Puff Daddy Returns! Sean Combs Ditches 'Diddy' In Favor of Original Moniker
b Amazon buying top digital comics platform comiXology
e 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' reboot set to hit theatres
b Economic Update: U.S. GDP
b US Economy Tacks on 288K Jobs in June; Jobless Rate Lowest Since  ...
e SXSW 2014: A week with Kanye West, Diddy and Lil Wayne
m CO Girl Shaves Head For Pal With Cancer, Gets Temporarily Suspended
t Last Chance on Titanfall Xbox One Pre-Order Free Release Day Shipping
t Mozilla rejects plan for Internet 'fast lanes'
e Macklemore, Jewface, and the Evolution of 'Thirft Shop'
m Beauty Call: Get yourself protected from the sun
b Amazon reports $19.7B in quarterly revenue, earnings in line with expectations  ...
t Samsung Launches Major Digital Health Initiative
t Microsoft Admits Windows Use at 14 Percent
t 'Haunted Empire' sticks to its Apple-is-doomed narrative
t Slingshot: Facebook takes a shot at Snapchat with new vanishing photo  ...
t Researchers Spot Evidence for Universe's Early Growth Spurt
e Beyonce, Jennifer Garner and more strive to "ban bossy" with this public service  ...
e Bill Cosby Tightropes on 'The Tonight Show' With Jimmy Fallon [WATCH]
t WWE and Rogers Pin Down Ten Year Deal
t NASA Research Indicates Antarctic Glaciers Melting Past Point of No Return
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West reportedly wed
e Exclusive first look at trailer for Brad Pitt's 'Fury'
t Researchers Demonstrate How To Hack Into Samsung's Galaxy S5 Using  ...
b While you were sleeping: Strong US private jobs data
e Outlander: 4 More Things To Know About Starz's New Series
e Prince Signs New Deal, Will Release New Music
b American Eagle pilots vote no on a new contract
m Stroke selfie by woman helped doctors in quick diagnosis (Video)
e 'DWTS' pro Val: Returning to the show is like getting drafted for NFL
e Bryan Cranston & Neil Patrick Harris get Tony Nominations, Denzel Washington  ...
t Ignore the naysayers, IBM and Apple were made for each other
e Jolie: Pitt helped Vivienne act
t Limited Pairs of Google Glass to Go On One-Day Sale for $1500 on April 15
t FCC names teams to review Comcast-TWC, AT&T-DirecTV mergers
b Burger King gay Whopper: Because we're all cheap processed meat on the  ...
b Airlines hit by Air France warning
t Twitter wants you to know it's primed for takeoff
e Transformers dominates weekend box office as holidays boost family movies
e 'American Idol' winner victim of home invasion
b Another GM recall: 1.8M SUVs for air bag issue
b The Dark Lining in the United States Job Report
e Ryan Murphy on making "The Normal Heart" and choreographing sex scenes
e Game Of Thrones Director Talks Overtaking the Novels
b Dodge announces the end of the Grand Caravan
e Macklemore sorry for Jewish caricature costume, saddened by controversy
t Google Wants Your Living Room
e Ryan Gosling and Eva Mendes expecting first child together
e Jay Z's Made in America Expands to Los Angeles, Becomes Bicoastal Music Fest
m Stem cell hope in search for MS cure
m GlaxoSmithKline pulls all US alli supplies, launches product-tampering probe
e Remembering Eli Wallach, Yiddish Theater Champion
e Rob Kardashian Flees Kim and Kanye's Wedding, Flies Home Early
b Mixed results for European markets
e Miley Cyrus Hospitalization NOT Tied To Death of Dog Floyd, Despite Reports
t Apple is releasing the biggest iPad ever
e 'Avengers 2' Movie: Who Is Hulk Really Fighting In Johannesburg? [VIDEO]
e 'Game of Thrones' recap: Best Wedding Ever
t Xbox One Aaron Paul Ad Is Messing With Consoles
e Jimmy Fallon Sings A Cappella Duet With Billy Joel, Continues to Be Talented
b Main pipe break floods UCLA, nearby streets with 10 million gallons of water
e Kanye West Booed After He Launches Lengthy Rant at Wireless Fest
e Video of Charlie Sheen 'hammered' at Taco Bell goes viral
m House discusses how to make school lunches healthier
t Microsoft ends Windows XP support: Seriously, it's time you upgraded
t Apple could begin producing larger iPhone Versions next month
e Beyonce & Jay Z Cheating Scandal: Singer Posts Picture Of Happy Family Days  ...
b Daimler tests self-driving truck in plan for production by 2025
b BSkyB Confirms Talks with 21st Century Fox to Buy Pay-TV in Germany and Italy
e Andrew Garfield on Emma Stone: 'Anyone Who Works With Her Gets Shot With  ...
t IDC survey shows battery life is most important when buying smartphone
e Ratings: Modest Numbers for Mad Men Finale, The Normal Heart
e VIDEO: George Clooney Slams British Newspaper for Article About Future  ...
e Texas teens got very emotional on Twitter over 'The Fault in Our Stars'
b Central Europeans want US gas to cut dependence on Russia
b World is at inflexion point as Fed tightening looms
t Fully Charged: Google's cardboard VR headset shell, Evolve leads E3 critic  ...
m Thousands exposed to hepatitis at Missouri restaurant, officials say
t Google's driverless cars learning how to manage cities' issues
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Mini release date rumoured for mid-July
e In Bible epic revival, 'Noah' finds rough seas
b Federal funds to be allocated for citrus greening research
e Georgina Haig joins the 'Once Upon a Time' cast as 'Frozen' character Queen Elsa
b GoPro hires former Skype CEO and Microsoft exec Tony Bates
e Elisabeth Hasselbeck Rants: Rosie O'Donnell's Possible Return to The View  ...
m Secret out: Docs reap millions in Medicare
e Marc Anthony's Monthly Child Support Doubles to $26K
t Fabien Cousteau not eager to end 'Mission 31' underwater living experiment
b Box Seeks to Raise $250 Million in IPO on NYSE Next Month
t NASA's Kepler telescope discovers planet dubbed 'Mega-Earth'
m Severe childhood obesity on the rise in US, study shows
m New study shows e-cigarettes significantly helped smokers quit
t Twitter acquires Boulder-based social networking data firm Gnip
t In Dubai desert the brand new meteor shower
t Apple Gets Denied an Injunction Against Samsung: Another Case Closes
e Could Gwyneth be on to something?
b Market Close: S&P, Tech Stocks Head Higher on Fed View
t Google Chromecast adds support for Rdio, Crackle, Vudu and PlayOn
b Guess What Del Taco is Doing for Breakfast?
e Lady Gaga releases video for 'GUY'
e Michael Jackson's posthumous 'Xscape' due out in May
b Families say 'no' to expensive colleges
m Adding Energy Drinks to Alcohol Boosts Urge to Drink
t LeCamping & Techstars Alumni DocTrackr acquired by IntraLinks for $10M
t Share Your Photos of This Weekend's Never-Before-Seen Meteor Shower
e 'Frozen' Lookalike, Anna Faith, Totally Looks Like Elsa
e 'Extant': 9 Futuristic Gadgets We Want Now
e Mick Jagger 'struggling to understand' the death of L'Wren Scott
t eBay Breach Isn't Just About Passwords
t Why Google interested on Twitch
m 5 things you need to know Monday
t Man attacked near Southsea taxi rank
b Birch Communications adds Cbeyond to its fold in $323M deal
t Google plans to open first retail store in New York
e 'Fed Up': New Katie Couric Doc Clip Reveals How Our Brains Get 'Hijacked' by  ...
t Honda and others recall nearly 3 million vehicles over air bag flaw
e Cinefantastique Spotlight Podcast: Transcendence
m In old mice, young blood reverses aging: Study
t Tesla Motors Inc shares surge after U.S. safety regulator investigating fires finds  ...
t China denies hacking Canadian tech research group
e Julia Roberts Opens Up About Half-Sister's Death: 'There Aren't Words To Explain'
m 10 things you need to know today: March 16, 2014
e Jamie Foxx to Star in Mike Tyson Biopic (VIDEO)
m Jill Kelly and Thurman Thomas open up about Jim's cancer battle
t Bigfoot and Yeti: Still Not Real, but There Might Be Some Weird Bears in the  ...
e In Colorado, a pot holiday tries to go mainstream - KATV - Breaking News  ...
e 'Transformers' unearths record-breaking $100M
e Red carpet: Transformers: Age of Extinction
e She Knows What She Wants! Kim Kardashian Asks Ciara to Perform at Her  ...
b New Merck drugs pending approval or in late tests
t Apple Is Making It Easier to Recycle Your Devices
e Supreme Court revives 'Raging Bull' copyright lawsuit by late screenwriter's  ...
e // Full House Revival Series in Development WITH Original Cast
b Fannie and Freddie negative outlook upgraded at Fitch
b Here's what Morgan Stanley thinks ECB QE might look like
m Census Director visiting North Dakota
t Lenses with a vision
m Playing Games And Completing Puzzles Could Help Prevent Alzheimer's  ...
e Feds: don't expect powdered alcohol anytime soon
t Google Maps adds Pokemon for April Fools
b Amazon to collect sales tax on Florida purchases beginning May 1
e J-Lo, Versace lead Paris' haute couture revival - WBOC-TV 16, Delmarvas News  ...
m Fried food can be more dangerous if you have wrong genes
b Positive Ratings Boost Candy Crush Maker
b Draghi Poised to Keep Rate-Cut Option Even After June Move
m US Mers Virus Outbreak: Victim at Home, In Isolation
e Majesty Rose York American Idol Elimination Interview [VIDEO]
e Kristen Stewart - Kristen Stewart dropped from Snow White and the Huntsman 2
b US: Wall St snaps six-day run
b Africa: So Long, Suckers! Nigeria Overtakes South Africa in the Race for  ...
e Review: Lovely visuals, smart writing in 'Dragon'
t Robins Cousins visits the Rainbow Centre
t Google to Microsoft face new burden
b U.S. final Q4 GDP revised up to 2.6% from 2.4%
t Keep your very own fitness coach in your pocket with the Samsung Galaxy S5 on  ...
b Enroll Alabama helps people meet Obamacare deadlines
b Chrysler offers two minivans, the Dodge Grand Caravan and Chrysler Town and  ...
b Oil slips below US$104 as supplies set to increase
e Twitter Explodes Over Ryan Gosling's Baby News: Five Other Celebrity Crushes  ...
t Watch Dogs PC Gamers Experiencing Server Issues With Uplay
e DWTS' Maks & Meryl Bring Their Ballroom Heat to New York Club
b Tax Day 2014: What Time Is The Deadline To File Taxes?
m FDA approves marketing of ReWalk, exoskeleton that will let paraplegics walk
e Jason Aldean is now dating the woman who destroyed his marriage
t Lenovo recalls dangerous laptop batteries
t Delete, refresh your identity
e Film Review: Meditative 'Transcendence' Also Artificially Intelligent
t A Marvel Of Online Marketing: Google's Doodles
t Apple iPhones, iPads Hijacked, Held for Ransom in Australia
e It's genie-us! 'Aladdin' rubs you the right way
b Capital Punishment
e Colin Firth Enchanted by Emma Stone in First 'Magic in the Moonlight' Trailer
e CBS WINS THE SEASON IN VIEWERS FOR THE SIXTH STRAIGHT YEAR AND  ...
e Judges, host Seacrest to return for 'American Idol'
e Paul Walker: 'Fast & Furious 7′ Resumes Filming
e Trespasser arrested at Kim Kardashian's home
b Recalculations put Nigerian GDP largest in continent
e The Walking Dead Spinoff Shambles Forward
m Breast Cancer Diagnosis Often Leads Women To Have An Unnecessary Double  ...
t Opinion: PC Versus Next-gen – which future should I invest in?
t UK Gaming Charts: Titanfall Falls into First Place, Smashes Sales Record Held  ...
b BlackBerry bets big on bringing back the Bold, beefing up BB
b Stocks: 5 things to know before the open
b Tax-filing deadline looms
t Internet Explorer Bug Surfaces, US Advise Public to Use Other Browsers
t Flappy Bird to return, says creator
m US proposes first regulations for e-cigarettes
e Eurovision song contest: Ukraine's chances thrown into doubt by crisis
t Samsung vs Apple News: Korean Tech to Pay $120M for Patent Infringement
t Confirmed: Amazon buys Twitch for nearly $1 billion
e NBC's 'America's Got Talent' Has Most Watched Premiere In Three Years
b Salesforce and Philips hook up to deliver connected healthcare
b European shares pause after bumper week; Erste sinks on warning
b Boeing Raises 20 Year Outlook on Single Aisle Demand
b Premarket: European stocks dip as bank fines mount, QE hopes dim
t Tweet Takes Advantage of Security Flaw, Shuts Down TweetDeck
e Kim Kardashian Wedding Dress Pictures: Long Sleeves, Lace Likened to Kate  ...
t Florida Keys Webcam Captures Sea Turtle Hatching
t eBay urges users to change passwords after cyberattack: Hackers 'compromised  ...
t Facebook to Build Drones and Satellites for Global Internet
t Twitter Suffers Outage, Returns After 47 Minutes Down
e Miley Cyrus Uses VMAs to Bring Attention to Homelessness
b BSkyB in talks with Fox
t Will This News Affect Facebook (FB) Stock Today?
t Moto E leaks continue with new images and spec details
t Scientists Discover First Asteroid with Rings
b Baxter International will split into two companies
e Divergent gets a mixed message at weekend box office / Scrape TV - The World  ...
e 'Game of Thrones': Joffrey and Margaery's wedding photos will make your  ...
e Zendaya Leaves Lifetime's Aaliyah Biopic
e Video: Mayweather and TI Rumble at Vegas Burger Joint
t US charges users of malicious software with cybercrimes
b Wildcats have young company at Midwest Regional
t Rubik's Cube: Google Doodle celebrates 40th birthday of brain teasing puzzle
b Pinterest wins new funding, raising valuation to $6.2 billion
e 22 Jump Street Edges Out How to Train Your Dragon 2: Weekend Box Office  ...
b Timeline: Changes in Prices of Gold Since Independence
m Study Reveals Why Girls Are Better At Surviving Birth
t Inside sources say Facebook is in cahoots with 'Secret' the anonymous social  ...
b “ECB chief Mario Draghi warns of threat to eurozone recovery”
t Stocks.org Tesla Motors Corp (NASDAQ: TSLA) Earnings Preview
e Doo-wop (that thing): talking with the cast of 'Jersey Boys'
e Zara Was Forced to Pull A Children's Shirt After Complaints That It Looked Like a  ...
b Affordable Care Act open enrollment ends March 31
b IAC buys more of Tinder from early investor
t Industrial infection: Hackers put chokehold on energy firms with Stuxnet-like  ...
b World Wrestling announces new TV deal but shares -20% AH (WWE)
t BlackBerry Officially Unveils BlackBerry(R) Z3, Jakarta Edition
e Four Scandal Actors Break Down Their Colossal Shonda Rhimes Monologues
b 6 Reasons Why Stocks Are Hitting New Record Highs Today
e 'The Voice' Recap: Shakira's 'She-Wolf' Strategies On Show As Blind Auditions  ...
e I Don't Know What Bryan Singer Did, and Neither Do You
b Tokyo's Nikkei share average opens up 0.23 pct
m Cynical? You May Be Hurting Your Brain Health
e Paltrow-Martin 'uncoupling' may sound too precious, but they're managing the  ...
e Rolling Stones rank among top 5 highest paid musicians in 2014
m Saudi Health Ministry Recommends Some Restrictions on Pilgrims
t UPDATE 1-Takata says to book $440 mln in special loss in Q1 after recalls
t Microsoft lets the EU exercise its 'right to be forgotten' on Bing
t Will Sales of Ubisoft's 'Watch Dogs' Match 'Assassin's Creed'?
e Kimye jet to Ireland for secret honeymoon
t Apple realigns its cloud strategy and promises tighter desktop and mobile  ...
e Amazon's Deal With HBO is a Giant Step for the Future of TV
e Madonna Goes Game Of Thrones For Jewish Holiday
t Samsung claims Apple's FaceTime infringes patent
e 5 Reasons Juan Pablo Is Not the Worst 'Bachelor' Ever
t Gartner Converged Infrastructure Magic Quadrant: Who's In, Who Didn't Make  ...
t Ocean acidification will hit Alaska communities, fisheries hard
b Bank of America suspends buyback, dividend increase after capital miscalculation
e Kim Kardashian postpones North West's birthday bash
t Mars 'flying saucer' splashes down after NASA test - San Diego, California Talk  ...
e The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back  ...
e 'American Idol' 2014 top 10: Alex Preston hits the bull's eye with One Direction
m Mental Health Courts: Justice for all in NH
b Turkey blocks Twitter, PM threatens to 'wipe out' service
m Ebola 101: The Facts Behind A Frightening Virus
e Anchor Diane Sawyer to step down from ABC World News show
m Running daily can add 3 yrs to your life?
m UAE's MERS death toll rises to 10
b Nasdaq 100 Movers: CHRW, ISRG
e Scandal's Joe Morton Decides Whether Olivia Should Be With Fitz Or Jake
e Kaley Cuoco Opens Up About Her Fling With 'Man of Steel' Star Henry Cavill
e CANNES WATCH: 'It Follows' scares up buzz
t LG Teases Moto 360-Like Circular Android Wear Smartwatch for IFA Launch
t HTC M8 vs Galaxy S5 vs iPhone 6 specs comparison: Which is the best  ...
t Chrysler recalls nearly 800k minivans over window switch
b Ukraine aid bill in US Senate, $20 bln in IMF loans eyed
e 'Bates Motel' renewed for third season on A&E
e Kim Kardashian Talks About Racism and Discrimination in an Essay
e Clooney savages 'completely fabricated' story of family rift
m EU-approved drug to treat muscle disorder
m World Health Organization Says Spread of Polio a Global Health Emergency
t FTC: Do SSL properly or we'll shove a microscope up you for decades
b US factories more competitive, study says
t New York International Auto Show 2014 Is Upon Us
e Oakland woman dies after collapsing at Coachella
e Oliviers 2014: Chimerica the big winner on UK theatre's big night
b Consumer spending still chilly
t [Deal Alert] Amazon Offers The Samsung Gear Fit For $99.99, A Full 50% Off
b Aluminum maker Alcoa posts $138 million profit in 2Q on strong products business
e Obama begins Asia-Pacific trip in Japan; dispute with Russia over Ukraine casts  ...
m Proposed rules filed for medical marijuana pilot program
e Do You Know the Words to 'Baby Got Back'? Miley Cyrus Sort Of Does
b Investors Flock to Healthcare Stocks
b May home prices show smallest gain in 15 mos.
m Researchers trying gene therapy to create biological pacemaker
t Google starts forgetting Europeans
t Glaciers melting past point of no return: Group of Antarctic
b EU, China To Hold Investment Talks Ahead Of President Xi Jinping's Visit
b Samsung posts falling profits for second straight quarter | Bangkok Post: news
t NASA spacecraft crashes on moon, as planned
b Trader's Buzzers - NewLead Holdings Ltd (NASDAQ:NEWL), Corinthian  ...
b Construction material giants Holcim and Lafarge
t 44% of Twitter accounts have never sent a single tweet, says report
b National respiratory group concerned about KentuckyOne layoffs - WDRB 41  ...
m 3 people contract flesh-eating bacteria from Gulf of Mexico
e 'Most Wanted' finds Muppets still having fun
t This is real: Amazon Granted Patent for taking Photographs against White  ...
t Ubisoft Believes Both Xbox One and PS4 Will Have Sold 30 Million By March 2015
b Heard at Tesla Motors' annual meeting (TSLA)
b Tennesseans Pay Some of the Lowest Taxes in the Nation
b German court upholds eurozone rescue fund
m Mindfulness Meditation For Only 25 Minutes Can Lower Stress
b BP Oil Spill Crisis Manager Managed Crisis By Selling BP Stock
t New Netflix members will pay $1 more
t Global PC, tablet, mobile shipments to grow 4.2% this year: Gartner
m Justina Pelletier Update: Conn. Girl Placed In Care Of Mass. Child Welfare Amid  ...
b Malaysia Airlines MH370: Angry relatives of passengers throw water bottles at  ...
t Facebook Slingshot: Goodbye Snapchat?
t Apple greenlights $30 billion buyback, stock split
t LG Officially Reveals Two 4K OLED TVs
b GLOBAL MARKETS-Banks boost Europe as shares start second half brightly
b The Fed nears its day of reckoning
t Aston Martin Vantage GT and DB9 Carbon Edition going to New York
e Jon Hamm: 'Mad Men' Star Dishes on His Past in Soft-Core Porn
e Ariana Grande's 'My Everything' Album to Include Big Sean, A$AP Ferg and  ...
e Game of Thrones Recap: Oathkeeper – 4×4
t GM delayed power steering recall despite thousands of complaints, documents  ...
e Zac Efron Kisses Michelle Rodriguez on Vacation in Sardinia, Italy: Pictures
b American Apparel said to strike rescue deal with investor
t 'Blood moon' during total lunar eclipse
m Conservatives' Revolting Campaign to Harm the Children of Gay Parents
t Flappy Bird to return this August, 'less addictive': creator
b Vatican budgets for 2013 show surplus of 8.5 million euros
e Star Wars launches charity contest for guest roles in new film
e 'Mad Men' Fashion Recap: On Pleats and Plaids
e Mutant Muppets—X-Men: Days of Future Past Reviewed
t Carousel: Your Whole Life's Photos in Your Pocket
t Easter morning delivery for space station
t Sony to bring PlayStation to China
m 'Phony' stem cell scientist to be taken to task
e Rolling Stones add '14 on Fire' tour dates in Oslo, Lisbon, Zurich and Tel Aviv
m iPad, other devices might cause rashes
e Megan Fox says she is not catty
e McCarthy and Wahlberg engaged
t WWE Network well on way to 1 million subscribers, is UFC Fight Pass next?
b Obama signs orders aimed at closing gender pay gap
b General Motors (GM) Appoints Tony Cervone as SVP, Global Communications
b Fed risks falling 'behind the curve', Charles Plosser says
t Xbox One April update includes friend notifications and game save bar
t Facebook's Virtual Reality Play: Oculus
b NTSB says FAA needs better lithium battery tests for Boeing 787
m Studies show that young blood could reverse aging
b HP deal over Autonomy excludes Mike Lynch
e Review: McCarthy's 'Tammy' misses the funny bone
e BBC News tours the newly-refurbished Imperial War Museum
e 'Homeland' actor James Rebhorn has died aged 65.
e Review: Seth Rogen and Zac Efron wage a hilarious war as ill-suited 'Neighbors'
t Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger: Encrypted Messaging App Silent Text Hits v2.0  ...
e Indio Downey
t Skylanders Trap Team preview
t Researchers Design Bio-Inspired Drones and Flying Robots
b Home-Price Increases Cool
e Movie Mom | 'Legends of Oz,' 'Moms' Night Out,' 'Neighbors'
e 'Girls' Star Andrew Rannells To Replace Neil Patrick Harris In 'Hedwig And The  ...
e Top 5 things you should know about the tall woman of the fashion industry: L  ...
b CLOSE TO CLOSE: Copper prices lose ground after Yellen testimony
t NASA to Fly Saucer-Shaped Test Vehicle into Near-Space
m Penn State-Hershey, Lancaster General have best midstate showings in national  ...
t The Supreme Court's Cloud-Computing Confusion The justices issue two very  ...
t Samsung Galaxy K Zoom hands-on review, a bit easier to fit in your pocket
e Macklemore In Trouble For Jewish Costume
b Fed chief foresees continued low borrowing rates
b IPO Preview: TrueCar (TRUE)
e Good Morning Cannes, Day 5: Steve Carell Has Critics Buzzing Oscar and  ...
e Rolling Stones Return to Road in Norway After Tragedy
e Allison Williams, Star Of HBO's 'Girls', To Play Peter Pan In NBC's Musical 'Peter  ...
e 'The Bachelorette' Spoilers: Winner May Already Be Cheating On Andi Dorfman
b Chrysler Auto Sales Jump
m E-cigarettes help quit smoking, keeping you alive may not be possible
b Dollar touches ¥102 in Tokyo on poor Japanese surplus data
t Report: Global warming may 'get worse'
t Samsung announces Galaxy Ace Style budget Android 4.4 phone
e Movie review: Neighbors an updated version of Animal House (with video)
e Video: Daniel Radcliffe Cuts a Random Guy's Hair on the Street
b China Russia gas deal could affect prices
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's wedding: Five things we know about the  ...
t Sony Vaio Fit 11A batteries may go blammo, company warns users
e Bella Thorne Reveals Debut Single Name, Artwork, & Release Date
b AbbVie hints it can afford to pay more for Shire
e A double-header of biopics for Chadwick Boseman
e Brooks Wheelan Says He's Fired From 'Saturday Night Live'
e Pretty Little Liars LIVE Recap and Review: Season 5 Episode 6 “Run, Ali, Run”
e Bryan Singer's Accuser Opens Up at Press Conference: 'I Was Raped Numerous  ...
e Game Of Thrones: DB Weiss And David Benioff Talk The Iron Bank And The Trial  ...
e Lifetime Puts Aaliyah Biopic on Hold After Star Quits
m How Healthy Are New Jersey Counties? [AUDIO]
b Inmarsat to release satellite data on MH370 tomorrow, says Hishammuddin
e 'Spider-Man's' Andrew Garfield Rescued By Co-Star Emma Stone on 'SNL'
b HP reports higher profit but cuts up to 16000 more jobs
t HTC One mini 2 press render leaked sans the Duo camera
e Gym, tan, jail: 'The Situation' charged in fight at tanning salon
b Cabbies snarl traffic across Europe to protest Uber
t 'Burger King Baby' Katheryn Deprill Reunites With Mom Who Abandoned Her
t Facebook's Nearby Friends service will share your exact location with friends
e Shock and sadness for Peaches
e Disney Star Zendaya Coleman Cast as Aaliyah in Lifetime Biopic
b UPDATE 1-Hyundai Motor Q1 profit misses estimates, hurt by slow US sales
b Study: Fuels from Corn Not Better than Gas
e Billy Eichner Tells Seth Meyers About His Childhood Brush With 'SNL'
e Tom Perrotta explores mass grief in The Leftovers
e Discovery Channel's 'Everest Jump Live' Canceled After Tragic Avalanche
e On the Books: Keith Richards wrote a children's book and Anne Rice's Lestat lives!
t Why GM sales are strong, even as a recall scandal worsens
e James Franco Thinks Sex With Lindsay Lohan Is Cool In Movies, Less So IRL
e 'The Flick' wins Pulitzer Prize in drama
e Beatles' 'A Hard Day's Night' gets fab 50th anniversary makeover
e More male nudity on Game of Thrones?
b US airliner nearly hit drone
b Redskins Trademark Canceled, Called Derogatory
t GM sued over ignition switch in Alabama fatality
b China's economy grows at 7.4% in first quarter
t Tech slump leads US stocks lower
e 5 Ways Lindsay Lohan's Life Is Still Like <i>Mean Girls</i>
b Romney slams Obama for 'faulty judgment' on Russia
b Deutsche Bank Sees The Fed Focusing On Five Labor Market Indicators
e Jennifer Lopez to get Icon honour, perform at Billboard Music Awards
b Yellen says regulations best tool for financial excesses
b California drought: Solar desalination plant shows promise
e Joan Rivers Slams Lena Dunham's Body
t Twitter now lets you stick multiple photos in a tweet and tag people
e Hey, Kendall Jones: hunting animals does not 'help' them
b Emirates abandons huge plane order
e Hilary Duff Plays the Adorkable Card in 'Chasing The Sun' Video: Watch
t Federal government investigates older model Ram pickups
b Netflix Plans $1 to $2 Price Increase for New Members
t Global emissions up, stern action needed: IPCC
t The top 9 tidbits to know about the White House's climate report
t Microsoft's Surface Pro 3: A Windows Tablet for Laptop Holdouts
b European stocks close after upbeat earnings
t After connection glitches at launch, EA issues Titanfall patch overnight
b Daily business briefing: Toyota reports record profit
b Stocks end higher after two-day decline, Nasdaq lags again
b India's Sun Pharma buys troubled rival Ranbaxy for $3.2 bn
m Health Highlights: July 16, 2014
t New iPad 12.9-inch in 2015 not 2014
e Jay Z and Beyonce's 'On the Run' tour on track to become second-highest  ...
m Ohio Soccer Player Suffers from a Life-Threatening Condition Caused by Her  ...
t Will Microsoft CEO Nadella put a nail in Windows' coffin this week?
b Thursday, July 31: Today in Gold and Silver
t Did the NSA know about Heartbleed Bug, exploit its 'potential'?
e Justin Bieber Responds To Seth Rogen's Disses! Says He's Sorry Via Twitter But  ...
e Miranda Lambert wins three ACM Awards, sets a record
b Alcoa to buy Firth Rixson for $2.85bn
b Drugmaker Shire rejects 27 bn pound bid from US giant AbbVie
b Orbital Sciences, ATK to merge and form new company
e Top 5 TV moments from Comic-Con
e What to Watch on Sunday: An intense season finale of 'The Walking Dead,' more  ...
b NZ Orion fails to find MH370 wreckage
b Amazon Reports Thin Profits
m Church groups plans prayer service for Charlotte missionary, doctor fighting  ...
b IBM Earnings: Revenues Decline As Hardware Sales Continue To Disappoint
t Brazil to pass Anti-Spy Bill
e 'Heathers' returns as a musical co-written by NJ's Kevin Murphy
e Gareth Edwards to direct, Gary Whitta to write the first Star Wars standalone film  ...
e Giant astronaut walks through festival space in Today in Pictures
e Katie Holmes Goes Topless, Reveals Relationship Status
t Scientists in Australia have discovered that hugging trees helps koalas keep cool.
e Christina Grimmie – I Won't Give Up – The Voice Live Playoffs
e Miley Cyrus & Avril Lavigne Fist Fight in Joke Instagram Video - Watch Now!
b Malaysia plane search resumes as seas calm
m Aspirin May Now Help Prevent Pancreatic Cancer
t British Authorities Are Investigating Facebook's Secret Experiment to Mess With  ...
b CURRENCIES: Dollar Up Vs. Euro After Soft German Inflation
e Who is a mother?
e Meet the new boss: Stephen Colbert appears on 'Late Show with David  ...
e Civil rights activist, actress Ruby Dee dead at 91
m Solvent exposure before first childbirth may elevate breast cancer risk
t Five things Apple should to do to rekindle the magic
e Lana Del Rey Dances in Flames in New 'West Coast' Music Video
e Van Gogh ear replica on display in German museum
e 'Duck Dynasty' star: Media 'blurring lines' on sin
b BofA resumes settlement talks with Justice Department
e Watch: Obama Goes On Ellen, Talks 'Selfie,' Admits 'Not Much Dancing In The  ...
b Pfizer considering "all strategies" in AstraZeneca bid
e 'The Voice': Shakira & Blake Shelton Duet
t Women suffer from tyranny of low expectations, Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg  ...
e Why Chris Evans is quitting acting
e Sue Townsend, author of Adrian Mole books, dies at 68
b Vodafone agrees $10.03 billion deal to buy Ono
t The Process for achievement of Apple`s iPhone in the China`s grey market
e Chris Brown order to chill out in jail for a month
b No company is too big to jail, Holder says of Justice Dept. probes
b Blackberry reports $5.9 billion annual loss
b Same Day Delivery from Google is Getting Closer to Having a Pricing Plan
m Illinois benefitted from expanding Medicaid: White House
b DR Horton stock rises on better housing news
e Sarah Jessica Parker might star in new show from True Detective producers
t Apple to Introduce Lower-Capacity 8GB iPhone 5C This Week
b Subrata to stay in jail as SC rejects plea to put him under house arrest
b Allergan Plans To Reject Valeant's C$46 Bln Offer : Report
t Apple poaches another luxury executive as iWatch nears
b Argentina, hedge funds set for N.Y. court hearing in bond dispute
t One In Three Americans Think We'll Develop Space Colonies And More By 2064
t Silicon Valley technology battle pitting Apple against Samsung nears close
m Vibrating capsule found to help with constipation, Say Goodbye to Laxatives
m Fist bump study says they're cleaner than handshakes
e 20 Hot Coachella Moments: Jay Z & Beyoncé Cameos, Nirvana Covers  ...
b Warren presses Yellen to get tougher on big banks and their 'living wills'
b Survey confirms gains in federal health insurance signups
m Hospital Workers Test Negative For MERS
b Dow Jones plunges 300 points, wipes out year's gains
m A drug used to treat idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis found ineffective
e Jimmy Fallon Shows Us The Evolution of Dad Dancing
e 'Bachelorette': Read Nick's Letter To Andi
e Dane DeHaan Goes Green In New Image From The Amazing Spider-Man 2
e Mila Kunis FINALLY confirms pregnancy - watch video
t Nokia Lumia 830 Leak Confirms No Switch to Microsoft Branding…Yet
e Brad Paisley Mocks Westboro Baptist Protesters with a 'Westboro Baptist Selfie'
b German ZEW Investor Confidence Declined for Third Month in March
m How Wikipedia can track influenza
m Oscar Pistorius murder trial could be delayed as his psychiatrist suffers heart attack
e First trailer released for 'Gone Girl,' movie shot in Cape Girardeau
t Samsung Galaxy S5 outsells the S4 by double on its first day
e Alicia Keys: Pregnant with Baby #2!
e Roll Out With New 'Transformers 4' Images of Optimus & Bumblebee
e First Star Wars spin-off direction duties fall to Gareth Edwards
t The Camelopardalids Meteor Shower Was Hardly a Bust
b Analysts: Replacement part could be $2-$5 in GM recall
t Microsoft mum on Charlotte's fate in 18000-job slashing plan
m The Real Reason Why Americans are constantly Gaining Weight
e China warns U.S. not to meddle in Hong Kong over democratic reform
e Home WhatsOn Dylan's 'Like a Rolling Stone' draft sells for $2M
b China Oil & Gas Weekly: Crude Imports Up 12% Through April
t Google's driverless car is truly hands-off -- there's no steering wheel
t Verizon Samsung Galaxy S5 Dev Edition Deal Brings Price Drop
e Jennifer Connelly: 'Religious experts are coming round to Noah'
b Amazon acquires leading digital comics company Comixology
t Nintendo posts loss as Super Mario can't stop exodus to rivals
b Twitter CEO's Hashtag Q&A Derailed By Users Challenging Online Harassment  ...
b Rajeev Suri named as new Nokia CEO
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West's Star-Studded Wedding Guest List: Find Out  ...
e Actress Jodi Foster Marries
t YouTube wants its content creators to eat well: launches new crowd-funding  ...
e Gown that went viral is back on catwalk
e Watch: Man stuck in airport alone makes amazing music video set to 'All By Myself'
t Apple, IBM partner on enterprise mobility apps
e Neighbors might be the funniest flick you see all year
e Lindsay Lohan Confirms She Wrote Sex List During Rehab
m Researchers: Baby gate injuries on the rise
e Comic book icon Archie to 'die heroically'
b Argentina Debt Payments Blocked by US Court
e Acrobats fall during Ringling Bros. circus stunt
m Whole Foods issues beef recall in Connecticut
m Fighting drug overdoses, officials list the states with highest painkiller  ...
t Blood moon to rise over San Joaquin Valley skies Monday night
e Lana Del Rey's “Ultraviolence” is a down-tempo dream
t Gas prices drop 3 cents in 2 weeks across SC
b Medtronic's $43 billion Covidien deal may signal more to come
t Cherry Tree Seed Sprouts Six Years Earlier Than Usual After Eight Month Trip In  ...
e Josh Kaufmann wins the Voice Season 6
t NPD: Titanfall leads March retail sales in US
e Jodie Foster ties the knot with girlfriend Alexandra Hedison
e Transformers beat "Tammy" in a week Fourth of July weekend at the box office.
b McGlennon Asks County Staff to Investigate Oil Shipments in JCC
m Many Health Experts Don't Like E-Cigarettes, and Here's Why
b At a glance: Companies remove food ingredients
b Deutsche Bank Reported to Be Preparing $11 Billion Share Sale
e Wedding News! Katie Couric Marries John Molner
e First kiss YouTube video goes viral
b US challenges oil export ban with approvals for two Texas companies
e Watch your back: Rolf Harris sentenced to 5 years 9 months in prison for child  ...
b EUROPE MARKETS: BNP Rises In European Trade After Settlement
t Twin Peeks: Astronaut Brothers To Go Under Microscope During One-Year  ...
t Project Ara: The Google Future phones
b GE 2Q profit climbs 13 per cent
b Apple acquisition: Beats to continue making apps for iOS rivals Android  ...
b Washington state issues first pot shop licenses
e There will be no Lady Stoneheart in Game of Thrones
t Delhi has worst air pollution in the world: WHO (File Photo)
e Adam Richman Apologizes for 'Inexcusable Remarks'
t Jobs' Apple successor maintains new innovations in works
t Gear Fit, Gear 2 and Gear 2 Neo: where can I get Samsung's new wearables?
b Is the ASX stockmarket rigged?
b Malaysia Airlines 370: 45 pages of satellite data released
m New Study Says Women More Likely To Develop Alzheimer's
e AC/DC lead singer Brian Johnson denies band is breaking up, set to record in May
e Police: Shia LaBeouf escorted out of Broadway theatre showing 'Cabaret' for  ...
t Nature inspires next generation of drones
e 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier' breaks box office record
e 'Game Of Thrones' Recap: Tyrion's Trial
e Lindsay Lohan Basically Confirmed Her 'Sex List' to Andy Cohen
b Bipartisan criticism shows tax reform is unlikely soon
m FDA proposes first regulations for e-cigarettes
b Unemployment rate goes up slightly in January
t Apple joins hands with IBM in landmark partnership to conquer enterprise market
b Zebra grazes Motorola Solutions' enterprise business for $US3.45bn
t Climate Change
e Latinos being left behind in health care overhaul
t Twitter Just Borrowed One Of Facebook's Smartest Features
t World Is Ill-Prepared for Global Warming Impacts, UN Says
b Hedge Funds Cut Bullish Crude Bets as Iraq Rally Missed
e Darren Aronofsky's 'Noah' Departs From the Bible, But Doesn't Go Far Enough
e They're back again:Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez seen partying in new video
b GM creates streamlined order system for recall-related repairs
t New air bag recall expands list of manufacturers affected by problems; humid air  ...
b J&J Offloads Ortho Clinical Diagnostics to Carlyle Group for $4 Billion
t US court orders Samsung to pay Apple $119.6m
e Maya Rudolph Returns To 'SNL' To Play Beyonce In Jay Z And Solange Sketch
b About 41 million to travel for July Fourth
e Kellogg's cereal mascot: Lee Marshall, the iconic voice of Tony the Tiger dies
b Holden Lewis: 7 good reasons for a mortgage refinance
m People more likely to marry others with similar genetics, CU-Boulder researchers  ...
b SEC claims insider trading by BP executive after Deepwater Horizon spill
t Samsung profits dip as mobile sales decline
e Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Are Looking For A Bigger New York Apartment!
e Benedict Cumberbatch and Johnny Depp to play brothers in new crime movie  ...
e New Jupiter Ascending Trailer Really Needs More Jupiter
e The 'Orange Is the New Black' Season 2 Trailer Is Next Level Crazy (VIDEO)
m Google conducts study to determine what perfect health looks like
e Gomez flips out over Bieber's texts
e Ryan Gosling Fails to Impress on Directorial Debut
b Courtney says tax reform needed
e 'X-Men' dawdles but delivers
b Rhode Island Risks Junk Grade If It Skips Paying 38 Studios Debt
b Consumer spending posts modest increase
t GM tells car dealers to stop selling Cruze sedans
b U.S. government urges Congress to act on 'inversions'
m CDC: Autism rates rise in children by 30 percent
m High-oestrogen contraceptive pills could raise breast cancer risk by 50%, study  ...
e Kristin Cavallari welcomes second son
e Ariana Grande is to perform at the MTV Video Music Awards on August 24.
t Google add-ons boost Docs and Sheets in new Word strike
b Archer Daniels Midland Company (ADM) Rumored to Buy Out Wild Flavors
e One Direction's Louis Tomlinson and Zayn Malik Return To The Stage After  ...
m 10 states may be affected by beef recall
e Watch: 30 Minute Interview, 'Today' Special & Clip From 'Boyhood' Plus Richard  ...
t Report: First US Windows-Android Dual Boot Phones Will Arrive Spring
t Review: The new electric Harley-Davidson LiveWire delivers a jolt
e Now showing: The Other Woman 3 stars
t Dodge Challenger
b Citi Jumps On Turnaround In Troubled Assets
b Alcoa to permanently close Portovesme smelter in Italy
b Obamacare enrollment is almost over. What just happened?
t KSP's 'Click It or Ticket' program runs through Memorial Day
e 'Normal Heart' Teaches New Generation About The Early Years Of AIDS
t Drones, satellites & lasers: Facebook's internet-for-everyone plan
t Google slapped with Rs 1-crore fine by fair trade regulator
e Prevent Blindness: Celebrate Independence Day safely
t Nasa's New Horizons Spacecraft to Probe Pluto's Moon Charon For Ancient  ...
e Circus Moving on After Hair-Hang Accident
b Bacon Prices Rise as US Pork Production Threatened by Deadly Virus
e Who Got Eliminated On The Bachelorette 2014 Tonight? Episode 4
b Unspectacular Tech Results Mean No Bubble
t VIDEO: Lytro Introduces 'Illum,' A Professional Light-Field Camera
b Detroit mayor asks community groups to adopt parks
t Why did Atari bury million copies of ET video game in New Mexico?
m Annual Flu Vaccination Reduces Children Hospitalization By 74%
t Why you should stop using Internet Explorer right now
t Lenovo recalls 34500 ThinkPad notebook battery packs due to fire hazard
b Student-Loan Steps Urged to Prevent Defaults When Co-Signers Die
b How the Dow Jones industrial average fared Friday
t Samsung Galaxy S5 from Verizon and US Cellular to sport anti-theft features
e Chipotle Cups and Bags Will Now Feature Authors' Original Writing
e Former host pushes for online 'Reading Rainbow'
e Seth MacFarlane Calls Charlize Theron's Son What?!
e 'Captain America' Dominates Box Office For Third Straight Weekend
e 'Midnight Rider' filmmakers say crash that killed Sarah Jones 'was not a crime'
b JPMorgan boss Dimon has cancer
t Gas prices on the rise in Massachusetts
e Jane Fonda, Lily Tomlin reuniting for TV series
e Celebrities pay tribute to 'beautiful' and 'headstrong' Peaches Geldof
b Channel Tunnel trains slowly return to normal after electrical fault causes delays
e New trailer for Dawn Of The Planet Of The Apes
m Antioxidant in red wine has no benefit at low doses
b Medtronic-Covidien Deal Says Size Matters In Devices
b Crumbs' demise: a sign the US cupcake economy may be crumbling
e Justin Bieber compares fender bender to Princess Diana's car crash
e Angelina Jolie gives sound advice to superstar moms and her own children
m Excess drinking kills one in ten
e Date Night for the Obamas: Denzel Washington in 'A Raisin in the Sun' on  ...
t iPod Touch lives! Apple revamps 16GB model with a camera and $200 price
e That 'My Big Fat Greek Wedding' Sequel You've Been Waiting For Is In The Works
t 'I Want To Be An Astronaut' Documentary Hopes To Emphasize STEM Education  ...
e Neil Young scores big in his Pono project
t Apple iMac line gets $1099 option
t Can't afford Google Glass? These smart specs are a TENTH of the price: Frames  ...
e Are Zac Efron and Michelle Rodriguez dating? Pair photographed kissing on  ...
b UPDATE 1-BOJ's Iwata signals chance of tapering if economy overheats
b Microsoft Beats Earnings Estimates For 3QFY14, Issues Conservative Guidance
e Justin Bieber investigated for attempted battery?
e Fired NY Times editor will speak today at Wake Forest graduation
m May 8, 2014 (Investigation Announcement) Multistate Outbreak of Human  ...
b Draghi to push ahead with easing policy
m Uterine fibroid key-hole 'morcellation' discouraged for cancer risks
b What Do McDonald's Workers Really Make Per Hour?
e Will Smith Joins Ridley Scott's NFL Concussion Drama, Not 'Brilliance'
t Activision places $500 mln bet on its next blockbuster franchise
b Tesla drops, Keurig, SolarCity gain after hours
b Drugmaker Allergan Targeted by Valeant, Ackman's Pershing
m Teen Goes Back to Conn. After Year in Psych Hospital
m Meat mess on upstate NY road stinks up cars
e Zynga Brings Sharknado to Hit It Rich: Casino Slots
t Sony suffers DDoS attack and bomb threat
e The Good Wife: Alicia's "Tremendous Loss" Leads to Lots of Questions
e Packer hugs Bloom aboard yacht
e Propaganda Teaser Released For Hunger Games
t PSA: Some Glass Explorers upgrading recently may already have 2GB  ...
e Iggy Azalea Shows Some Skin With A Sexy Slit On The ESPYs Red Carpet
e The Immortal World Tour
t Fossil of bird with huge wingspan found
e 'True Detective' Season 2 to be set in a different state, teases Nic Pizzolatto
e Lea Michele misses Cory Monteith's memorial
b German Economic Confidence At 19-Month Low
b Dollar stable in Asia after surging on ECB talks
m Teen Fined $200 For Swearing Near Playground
b Cap on Shenzhen visitors 'won't have big impact'
e Oculus Review
m Unexplained Rash could be from your iPad: Nickel Allergies Growing among  ...
e 'Glee' Recap: Originals Return To McKinley & Old Flames Are Rekindled
b US jury hits Takeda, Eli Lilly with $9B penalty (Update)
b Tesco reveals like for like sales drop
b Stock markets rose slightly yesterday
t Xbox Will See 'Limited Change' During Microsoft's Massive Layoffs
b Twitter ban in Turkey: Not completely blocked
b Top 10 highest-paid CEOs
t Letter: Add the goals
e Fox's Monday nights get darker with 'Gotham' and 'Sleepy Hollow'
b Samsung foresees Q3 profit drop, blames smartphone market slowdown
m 'Irresponsible' and 'Wrong': Lawyer Hits Back at Judge's Leaked Ruling That  ...
t Chrysler tells NHTSA it will have all necessary trailer hitches by next March to  ...
b Gasoline prices have familiar look as summer edges closer
e Watch Brad Pitt in the first trailer for new World War II film 'Fury'
b MPC to get first female member since 2010
b Gas prices may have hit peak point this summer
b Alibaba IPO may be largest ever
e Batman: Arkham Knight won't be out this year
t Apple Inc.'s WWDC 2014 Keynote: What You Need to Know
e Celebrity Buzz: Cameron Diaz on 'Sex Tape' in Esquire
b Alstom Prefers General Electric's Bid To Siemens'
b Twitter's leadership not to sell shares after restrictions lifted
t Facebook Being Probed Over Emotion Experiment by UK Regulator: Report
b Target taps Pepsi executive Brian Cornell to serve as its new chairman and CEO
e Weekend Box Office: Captain America: Winter Soldier Captures Record  ...
e Louis Zamperini Dies: Olympian and 'Unbroken' War Hero Was 97
b JOE FRUGAL: FREE Coffee at McDonalds Next 2 Weeks
t First Android Newscaster Developed In Japan
b The Dow Jones Industrial Average Flat Today on Ukraine Concerns
e TDOT and the Highway Patrol are ready for Bonnaroo - ARE YOU?
b BoJ holds off fresh stimulus, says economy recovering
e Banksy Cheltenham creation highlights phone tapping
b Musk's Battery Plant Boosted as Panasonic Signs Letter of Intent
e Britney Spears' sister set to wed on Friday
b Barclays To Axe 20000 Jobs By End Of 2016
t Google Fit Aims To Be Your Main Source Of Health Data
b Sikorsky, Lockheed Win Big US Helicopter Deal
e Kim Kardashian Channels Inner Bride While Honoring Genocide Survivors  ...
b Auto Sales Sizzled In July
m WHO: Ebola outbreak needs urgent action
m Radiation Therapy For Breast Cancer Increases Risk That Lung Cancer Will Follow
m Arizona woman deemed 'clinically dead' comes back to life
e First Details On Kim K's Wedding Dress
t LG G3 Launch Gets Delayed - For How Much?
b Genentech to Buy Seragon Pharma For up to $1.725 Billion
t Anti-Liberal Liberals
e People Seriously Think That Robin Thicke's New Song Will Reunite Him And His  ...
e FX network picks up Zach Galifianakis and Louis C.K. clown comedy
b Yahoo pins comeback plans on content, native ads: Interview with Marissa Mayer
e L'Wren Scott: There's a darker lining to catwalk glamour
e Avril Lavigne video for 'Hello Kitty' pulled after broad criticism | video
m Ebola virus spreads across Liberia, haunts the region
b US seasonally adjusted home prices fall in May
e ABC extends Kimmel late-night show for two years
t Insurance Institute's recommended used cars for teens
b Don't Bet Just Yet On A Dish Network-DirecTV Merger, Analysts Warn
b Target CEO stepping down in wake of data breach
m American Heart Association
e Charlie Sheen blasts Rihanna
b Argentina a step closer to defaulting on debt
m Woman records herself having a stroke
t Verizon callers in Pittsburgh-area can text 911
b MH370: US law firm initiates legal action
t Microsoft to cut 18000 jobs over next year, largest layoffs in company history
b Man arrested for credit card fraud not linked to Target data breach, police say
e 15 Facts About History Of Coachella Festival
b Fed's Yellen says rates will need to rise as recovery takes hold
b Toyota said to be settling with government for $1 billion in recall probe
t Ocean Plastic 3
t DNR Participates In Operation Dry Water
b Candy Crush games developer King aims to raise $533m
e 'The Voice' Recap: Battles Begin With a Bang (Video)
e Partying Reese Witherspoon Dispenses Sex Wisdom in Elevator
m Seven mosquitoes test for West Nile
t Twitter Starts Rolling Out The New Profile Look — Here's How To Get It Now
m We Are Making Ebola Outbreaks Worse by Cutting Down Forests
m Pelvic exams may be unecessary for yearly well-woman visits
m Brain Implants To Cure Mental Disorders May Soon Be A Thing
b Nissan says April-June net profit jumps 37% on-year to $1.1 bnPublish Date: Jul  ...
t 'We Are Afraid of Google': A German Media Mogul Tells It Like It Is
e Batman: Arkham Knight Release Date Pushed Back to 2015
e Angelina Jolie And Brad Pitt Teaming On New Project She …
e Sean Lowe to Andi Dorfman: “Josh Murray Is Not Your Soul Mate”
b Chase Bank 30 and 15 Year Mortgage Rates Today Mar 22
m Ebola UK: Doctors in London begin to treat British nurse who caught killer  ...
b Market ends higher as earnings pour in
e WATCH: Pharrell cries 'Happy' tears over success
t Octopus who nourished eggs for 4.5 years!
e 'Sabotage,' movie review
e Johnny Depp Channels Jack Nicholson For New Movie Black Mass
e ATMOSPHERE - Fans at 'Veronica Mars' Los Angeles Premiere
m University of Alaska teaming Up with Bars to Encourage Pregnancy Tests
e HBO Shows like The Wire and The Sopranos are Now on Amazon Instant Video
m Massachusetts's 2006 Health Law Saved Lives
t LG G Watch and Samsung Gear Live review: Android Weary
t General Motors Recalls Another 8.4m Cars
t Honda Recalling Over 886000 Odyssey Minivans
m MERS Scare: CIAL Lacks Proper Monitoring System
e Kourtney Kardashian, Scott Disick expecting third child together
e Leave Fireworks To The Pros
b Plain Talk: GOP starting to rethink Obamacare
b AAA releases Memorial Day travel projections
t Extended Destiny gameplay walkthrough trailer released
e 'How I Met Your Mother' Finale Hits Series Highs, Josh Radnor Talks About the  ...
m Samsung Chairman Stable After Surgery Following Heart Attack
b AP Top News at 7:03 am EDT
t Ninety-nine percent of the ocean's plastic is missing
b Bezos offers update on groceries, drones - KTVN Channel 2 - Reno Tahoe News  ...
t Google Chromecast Listed on PC World/Currys for £30 in the UK
t UN Warns of Global Calamity from Climate Change
b Numsa strike: Day 3
t Nike Halts Future Fuelband Development and Lays Off Most of Division
e Watch Tina Fey Throw Punches in This Is Where I Leave You Trailer
b Eastman Chemical Company Named as a 2014 World's Most Ethical Company  ...
e How Social Media Helps Drive ABC's …
t Original HTC One Google Play Edition Receives a Price Drop
t Facebook rolls out location-sharing feature to find your 'Nearby Friends'
t Japan Launches Human-Like Robots
e Kendall Jenner - Kendall Jenner works harder because of her name
b Adobe Takes Creativity Mobile With New Creative Cloud Connected Apps and  ...
e Daily Dish: 5/29/2014 Sentinel & Enterprise
t Political candidates celebrate the Fourth of July in Corning
t Shell Monopolizes Arctic Drilling Rights in Alaska
b Priceline to acquire OpenTable; Ford overstated fuel efficiency; Tesla shares  ...
b Southwest Airlines Unveils Low Fares On Nonstop Flights At Love Field
e Hartnett returns in 'Penny Dreadful'
b Malaysia Government Finally Releases Missing Jet Data (+Videos)
t Dragon supply capsule reaches International Space Station
e Boston rap star shot by nephew during funeral procession
t Google Price Target Raised to $686.00 at Citigroup Inc. (GOOGL)
e King of Pop Michael Jackson Relived in Billboard Music Awards 2014 Through  ...
t Well-preserved Allosaurus dinosaur fossil featured in Kentucky's Creation  ...
b Report: Company ignored high level of toxic gases at Turkish mine
e Guardians of the Galaxy Is a Wild, Hilarious Gem
e UN envoy slams Israel's 'unacceptable' police handling of 'Holy Fire' ritual in  ...
m Google X sets out to define healthy human
b Candy Crush Saga trademark challenged by Cut the Rope dev
b Euro to Pound (EUR/GBP) Ends Week Lower as Investors Focus on ECB Rate  ...
e Kim Kardashian introduces upcoming 'Kim Kardashian Game' on Instragram
e 'Weird Al' Yankovic, Patton Oswalt Confront the Illuminati in 'Royals' Parody 'Foil  ...
e Kanye West spent four days editing his wedding photo
t Nokia's Masan Plant Left High and Dry in Sale to Microsoft
t Google removes first search results after EU privacy ruling
e Movies in Theaters This Friday, June 13, 2014: How to Train Your Dragon 2, 22  ...
e Excellent stars not held back by clichés
e Neil Young Announces More Shows | Shares PONO Details
t You are here: HomeLatest newsGovernments must minimise environmental risk  ...
b US launches criminal probe of GM safety woes
t With Carousel, Dropbox Wants To Handle ALL The Photos
e Watching Parents-To-Be Mila Kunis And Ashton Kutcher On The Kiss Cam Is  ...
b MTA, Transit Workers Union Local 100, reach tentative contract
e Lindsay Lohan sues over Grand Theft Auto V character
m Heat on Roche to cut Kadcyla price after NICE 'no'
m Hundreds sickened
t Toyota agrees to pay USD 1.2 billion to settle safety charges
e Spoiler alert: The Voice is over and the Season 6 winner is...
e George RR Martin Releases Excerpt From 'The Winds of Winter,' The Sixth  ...
b Walmart Looking To Dominate Another Field
e 'Friends' cafe to open for a month in New York
e CBS Wins the Season in Viewers for 6th Straight Year
t Virgin Mobile Announces Customization Services for Customers
m Ogun releases Ebola hotlines
e Rob Kardashian Is Hooked On Sizzurp (Photos)
e BET Awards 2014: Robin Thicke Continues Apologizing to Paula Patton With  ...
b Pfizer sounds out Astra on $100bn takeover bid
e UC President Janet Napolitano 'Shocked' About Mass Murder Rampage
t Report: Steve Jobs was against the iPad Mini
t Apple And IBM - Connecting The Dots, Part 1: The Benefits
b Philadelphia Commuter Rail Workers Strike Sparked Over Failed Contract Deal
t Apple's 8GB iPhone 5c: Deal or No Deal?
e Comedian accused of pulling gun on heckler
b Chinese military aircraft to search for MH370 in southern Indian Ocean
t GM now says 47 crashes tied to defect on ignition switch
e Will "Community" Find a New Home on Another Network?
e 'Avengers: Age Of Ultron': Get Your First Look At Quicksilver And Scarlet Witch
e Get Your First Look At True Blood Final Season In First Clip! Is Eric's Fate  ...
b Nikkei's early gains erased by profit-taking
e Lana Del Rey's Ultraviolence enters album charts at No 1
e Harmony Korine Is Writing A Gangster Movie For Robert Pattinson
b Rajan Leaves India Key Rate Unchanged as Inflation Eases (1)
b Piketty: FT's criticism 'ridiculous'
t Automakers to recall air bags in humid parts of US - CBS 3 Springfield - WSHM
b Turkey blocks Twitter: Here's 4 ways to beat the ban
e The 24 Weirdest Movie Subtitles
b Jet Airways to temporarily shift operations to DWC
t Orbiting spectrometers for carbon data launched
e Chris Hemsworth and Elsa Pataky reveal names of twins, post photo of their feet
e Monday Night RAW results - 15 April 2014
b Russia says EU should be “ashamed” over sanctions
t Phil Spencer is Now Head of Xbox
b Decreasing Jobless Claims: Good News or Just Not Bad News?
m Florida Doctor Linked To Sen. Robert Menendez Under More Scrutiny For  ...
m Van Dyken getting stronger after accident
b SolarCity follows Tesla's 'Gigafactory' path, will manufacture own solar panels  ...
m New Wireless Technology Beams Power Into Body to Energize Tiny Implantable  ...
b Is Consumerization the Catalyst for Motorola Acquisition?
m CDC: Despite progress, ongoing efforts needed to combat infections impacting  ...
t Mars 2020 rover will carry tools to...
m Estimate: 1 in 68 kids diagnosed with autism
m Alzheimer's scratch and sniff test
e God, Man And Lots Of Corridors In 'Transcendence'
t Apple refreshes MacBook Pro with Retina display range
e Harris thought 'celebrity status placed him above law'
t New poll shows Google's Glass, robots and self-driving cars are tough sells
b Shell To Sell 19% Stake In Woodside Petroleum For About $5 Bln
e Master of funky: Johnny Depp gets trippy
t YouTube stars, video content creators fear new net neutrality rules
b Barclays profits drop 10% on currency problems
m CDC Investigating Multi-State Outbreak of Human Salmonella Cotham
b Report: Apple on verge of buying Beats for USD 3.2B
b Starbucks adding tipping option to mobile payment app
t UK makes Google Glass available for sale!
t Total eclipse of the moon visible Monday night
b Ukraine crisis: which side do the rebels stand for?
t Why The GOP Should Embrace Net Neutrality
m Drugs 'were waste which are given for swine flu
e Eva Mendes is Having Ryan Gosling's Baby, and Fans are Ecstatic
t AT&T Says It May Avoid Airwaves Auction On Restrictions
e Take a Peek Inside Penny Dreadful's Interactive Windows
e Virus forces Paul McCartney to cancel South Korea concert
b Box IPO Is Doomed
e Kerry Washington's Bright Coral Nails At BET Awards — Get Her Exact Look
b Senior Executives Ali Rowghani and Chloe Sladden Quit Twitter
t One step closer to understanding the universe
b Morgan Stanley Sees Good Things Ahead for St. Jude Medical Despite  ...
b Canada posts tiny jobs gain in July as employment growth stalls
e Phil Collins to deliver Alamo artifacts
e NYC mayor to sing 'I Love LA' on Kimmel's show
t iPhone 6 vs. iPhone 5: comparison highlights protruding camera, design changes
e 'Game of Thrones' writers on season finale and why 'All Men Must Die'
m MERS Brings Concern to Med City
b Jerry Yang Returns to Alibaba Board, and Other Revelations From New IPO Filing
e At 'GMA' 'the Estrogen is Flowing!'
e Record Store Day and the Vinyl Comeback
e DYERSVILLE, Iowa (AP) — Actor Colin Egglesfield wasn't in the classic baseball  ...
m WHO to hold emergency talks on deadly MERS virus
e The Ultimate Warrior Died From A Massive Heart Attack
b Stocks End Little Changed Amid Earnings, Upbeat Jobless Claims Data
e Selena Gomez, Justin Bieber Breakup or Back Together 2014? Kylie Jenner and  ...
t Image: NASA releases Earth Day "global selfie" mosaic of our home planet
m Good news about possible treatment for MERS (Middle Eastern Respiratory  ...
m Why Buy E Cigs? Answered by Electroniccigarettescomparison.com
e Kim Kardashian worried rain will ruin her wedding
t Army rocket carrying weapon explodes after launch in harrowing test
e REVIEW: Boyhood
t New Facebook Feature Shows Your Friends When You're Nearby
t We're Finally Getting A Middle Finger Emoji! (And 273 Other New Ones)
b Back in the Day: Heavy metal memories from Alcoa
m The anti-viral drug Tamiflu may not be that effective or worth stockpiling
e WATCH: Man stuck overnight in Las Vegas airport shoots amateur music video  ...
e Comic-Con 2014: 'Constantine' Pilot Review
t Driverless Cars Will Hit UK Roads Next January
t Newswire is Facebook's attempt to own breaking news
t Watch Dogs
e Cannes Review: Un Certain Regard Top Prize Winner & Doggy Revenge Film  ...
e New Andy Warhol Art Has Been Found On Some Old Floppies
e Weekend Box Office Report: 'Godzilla' is King of the Box Office
e 'Game of Thrones' Best Boobs On Show Victim of Church Cover-Up
m The Government should not be blamed for the Tamiflu scandal
b Baxter CEO Says Complex Markets Prompted Split In Two
m BREAKING: Wikipedia Is NOT A Doctor -- And A Study Confirms It
e Can 'Cesar Chavez' Change Hollywood? Director Diego Luna Thinks So
e Miley Cyrus cancels show after she is hospitalized
e Katy Perry Is Starting Her Own Record Label, Because She Can
b Watch Out, Whole Foods: Wal-Mart Goes Organic at a Discount
e Casey Kasem, host of radio's 'American Top 40,' dies at 82
b Colorado pot taxes generate millions
e Non-HBO subscribers will be able to watch shows via Amazon
e Corvette Museum Will Likely Keep Part Of Sinkhole
t Building blocks: how Project Ara is reinventing the smartphone
e Holiday celebrates record stores
b A Repeal by Any Other Name
t HTC One 2 M8 Release Date, Specs, New Features All Revealed at Unveiling  ...
t Facebook buys Oculus: is this the right move for the leader in VR?
t Catch The First 90 Minutes Of Watch Dogs
m Report says 2.3 percent of US population gay or bisexual
e Chris Brown calls from prison
m Census director touring oil-rich ND
b Kiwi rises to post-float record
t 10-year space trip nears end
b FTC Data Broker Report Highlights Need for Oversight
t LG G3 unveiled: Highest resolution smartphone display, minimal bezel, attractive  ...
e Captain America – Winter Soldier Review
b Alibaba's expected blockbuster IPO may mean garage sale of less attractive tech  ...
e Pharrell cries watching 'Happy' dance video with Oprah
t Amazon to Buy Twitch for $970 Million
b Gold price slips on stronger equities, but holds above $1300
e Russia booed at Eurovision semi-final
b Abundant grain, soybean supplies on the way: USDA
t Egg Hatches in Pa. Bald Eagle Nest
t Your WRIST and CAR are the next stop for Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nokia and  ...
b Fusion-io Investor Buyout Alert - Acquisition of Fusion-io, Inc. (NYSE: FIO  ...
b Lagarde brought the whip
e 'You are my idol!' Kim leads the way as Kardashian sisters wish their  ...
e Tess Boyer – Human – The Voice Live Playoffs
b Allergan rejects Valeant's $46 billion takeover bid
e Clooney's mum happy for engagement
t Heartbleed bug could extend to printers, routers, other devices
b US Treasury 5-Year Notes Extend Longest Drop This Year
b French Private Sector Growth Slows In April
b Lululemon Athletica Shares Rise As CEO Announces Plans to Grow in Other  ...
e Clarkson gives birth to daughter
t Qualcomm Has a Lock on Microsoft's Windows Phone
t Google Glass spies a wider market
e Billy Bob Thornton Smitten With 'Fargo,' Talks Death Of Movies And TV's  ...
b Actos Verdict: Jury Orders Takeda, Eli Lilly To Pay $9 Billion In Damages
m Got a skin rash? Your iPad might be the cause
b PERTH, Australia - Australia's prime minister said on Friday authorities are  ...
b Vietnam violence ups stakes for US
b ADP Jobs Report: Economy Added 218000 Jobs in July
t Google says its driverless car can probably drive better than you can
e George Strait wins entertainer of year at Academy of Country Music Awards
t Apple Acquires and Shuts down Swell Podcasting App
e Check Out Chris Brown And Drake's Sketch From The ESPYs
t Rising gas prices take a break as crude stabilizes
e See What Justin Bieber Did to Win Back Selena Gomez!
t A week in the SS: For the record, I didn't turn off our Camaro with my knee
b Business news
e Man arrested after posting "Ice Bucket Challenge" to Facebook
e Angelina Jolie says Maleficent was 'perfect timing'
t Xbox One Sales More Than Double In June Thanks To Price Drop
b Guest Oped: Louisiana's Obamacare future is bleak
t Threats to open internet loom: Study
e Miley Cyrus Told a Drunk Jennifer Lawrence to "Get It Together"
t Lenovo recalls thousands of ThinkPads, overheating battery could cause a fire
m Ebola Outbreak to Continue for Several More Months: WHO
e Pictures in the News | April 14, 2014
t Asteroid Chariklo Discovered To Have Rings, One Of Its Kind
e Karen Gillan on role in Oculus movie and blossoming career
b Fiat shares lower on doubts about capital structure of Fiat Chrysler Automobiles  ...
t Everything that went wrong with Mozilla last week
t Facebook launches new music-, TV-sharing feature
t Android TV Leak Shows Google's Ambition Of Taking Over Your TV
b Going Through Tough Times? Elon Musk Thought He Would Fail, Too [Video]
b Malaysia says searches for missing plane in both northern, southern corridors  ...
t Kiwi designed travel app tops NZ iTunes charts
b UK Inflation Cools Further in February
t Apple, Google, And Samsung Are All Making Big Moves In 'The Internet Of  ...
m Study finds fist bumps can prevent spread of germs, more sanitary than hand  ...
e Who Is Ryan Lewis Asks Ryan Lewis In Hilarious Jimmy Fallon Clip
t Nokia India employees boycott canteen services, some resort to 'hunger strike'
b An uneasy relationship behind response to financial crash
e Video For Arcade Fire's 'We Exist' Stars Andrew Garfield. In A Bra [Video]
e Sherri Shepherd Husband Files for Legal Separation
b Australian Stock Market Report – Morning July 3, 2014
b First look at iPad edition of Microsoft's Office suite
t Facebook Bought Oculus Rift Because It Wants Your Life
t Europe sees five possible sites for first-ever comet landing
e Hey Mr DJ: Record Store Day Celebrates Vinyl, Spotlights Old And New Music
e Rooney Mara joins `Peter Pan` film
e Scooter Braun Marries Yael Cohen: Justin Bieber's Manager Wedding Pictures  ...
t Facebook and Storyful launch a newswire that helps media find news content on  ...
t Surface Pro 3 vs. iPad Air: Which is Better for Business?
b AstraZeneca Pipeline Is Lottery Ticket in Pfizer's Pursuit (3)
b In brief
b Amazon.com signs content licensing agreement with HBO
e Paul Walker's Brothers Will Help Out On Fast & Furious 7
b Candy Crush maker prices IPO at $22.50 a share
e Shailene Woodley: I Don't Own a Cellphone!
e US rapper apologises after wearing 'fake Jew' outfit
b Swiss regulator probes BNP's local subsidiary
b Alibaba chooses NYSE over Nasdaq for listing
e Gary Oldman Doesn't Get Free Speech
t Protesters briefly disrupt Google I/O, referencing evictions, “robots that kill”
b Wall Street Flees Toward Safety in Monday Trading
t FCC Proposal Sparks Concern Over Net Neutrality, Groups Call to Save Internet
e Kelly Clarkson is a mom
t Obama climate rules can't wait 'til after election
b IMF Says European Banks Had Up to $300 Billion Implicit Subsidy
t The Future of Facebook May Not Say 'Facebook'
e X-Men's extra scene post-credits: What does it mean?
b Fed minutes show rift on how to signal interest rate shift
b Official: Mine rescue report wrong; 11 not out
e Guardians Of The Galaxy: A GIF Review
t IBM and Apple to make "business iPad"
e Watch Dani Moz Sing on The Voice 2014 Live Shows, April 21, 2014 (VIDEO)
e Jennifer Lawrence's BFF Is A Bad Influence
t Facebook buying virtual-reality glasses for gaming, for $2 billion
b AstraZeneca rejects Pfizer's final $117bn bid
b Forex - Pound advances after IMF raises U.K. growth forecast
e Sean Lowe Reveals His True Thoughts About Juan Pablo Galavis
b Concern rises over China's currency decline
e 'Peeps' coming to a big screen in marshmallow movie
e Mad Men 702: The Truth Shall Set You Free, If You Let It
e Hugh Jackman returning to Broadway with `The River`
e Billy Bob Thornton talks about taking 'Fargo' to the small screen
b Italy, Spain underperform as European equities up
b Poking the eurozone bear
e Justin Bieber Zero Evidence: Won't Face Felony Charges In Alleged Attempted  ...
e Jonah Hill apologizes for yelling homophobic slur at paparazzi
e Chris Martin "At Ease," Not Wearing Wedding Ring at First Post-Split Public Event
e HBO Has Renewed "Game Of Thrones" For Two More Seasons
e Beyoncé Reportedly Cast In 'Hancock' Sequel Alongside Will Smith
m Guinea says has contained Ebola outbreak, death toll rises
e Fonda Joins Tomlin in Netflix Comedy 'Grace and Frankie' (2)
b GameStop's earnings are up thanks to demand for the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One
b Yahoo's $96 Million (Fired) Man — and Three More Dudes for the Board
b Sterling remains well bid
e Beyoncé and Jay Z watch the Nets after Solange attack video leaked
t Normal's $199 3D-printed earphones are custom-built based on photos you take  ...
b Act of kindness toward mom shopping at Walmart goes viral
e George Clooney and fiancée Amal Alamuddin share a romantic dinner in Mexico
e Harrison Ford, Carrie Fisher lead cast of new 'Star Wars' film
e Peaches Geldof: 'police find no drugs, suicide note, or visible signs of injury'
e George Clooney slams reports that Amal Alamuddin's mother opposes their  ...
t World Not Ready for Climate Change, New Report Says
t How To Try Out Mac OS X Yosemite Before Everyone Else
b F-35 fleet grounded for the eighth time over unknown engine issue
t GM: Best June Sales Since 2007
b 05/05/2014US attorney general: no bank 'above the law'
m Prisons are the 'new asylums' of the US: Report
e SpongeBob and Friends Become Superheroes in First Trailer for 3D Movie
m Sanofi to Sell Lilly Erection Drug Cialis Without Prescription
e Top 10 Highlights from the 2014 Emmy Awards
b Notable Mergers and Acquisitions of the Day 07/08: (ABBV)/(SHPG) (MIC) (INVN  ...
b BNP Paribas to stick to dividend and growth plans despite $9B fine
t Virtual reality goggles are a hot topic again with gamers
e Weekend Box Office: 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier' Fights Off 'Rio 2' With  ...
b Dow hits new highs -- but most local stocks don't
t AT&T plans expansion of super-fast Internet
t Apple is Officially Buying Beats
t Windows XP No-Support Deadline Has Arrived -- Ignore At Your Peril
e Who is to blame for the Garth Brooks Croke Park cancellation?
e This is What Happens When You Dare to Mildly Cross Beyoncé
e Circus acrobats still hospitalized after stunt gone wrong
e As radio and pop culture splintered, Casey Kasem was keeping it together
e 'Neighbors' raunchy yet funny R-rated romp
b The Shape Of Society Is Determined By Farming Methods In Antiquity
b Boeing Falls Back to Earth as the Dow Plunges 100 Points
t Proposed NSA reforms vindicate my data leaks: Snowden
t Loch Ness Monster found on Apple Maps?
t Happy 25th Birthday, Internet! 10 Gifts That The Web Has Given Us Over The  ...
e More problems for Trace Adkins as wife files for divorce
e One for the ages: Transformers film breaks mainland box office records
b Wall Street is struggling to end two-day slide
e Coachella 2014 Live Stream: Watch the Fest Webcast
b Anonymous Donor Leaves Clues on Twitter, Gives Away Cash
t Apple Offers Refunds For Unauthorized In-App Purchases
t GM asks customers to use single key until repairs are made
e Ryan Gosling Eying Busby Berkeley Biopic
e Captain America star Evans to quit acting
t FCC chairman says he won't let ISPs snuff out the next Google or Amazon
b Kraft recalls 96000 lbs of Oscar Mayer wieners
m Immune children aid malaria vaccine hunt
b Medtronic merger could bode well for Medtronic Spinal
e Death of L'Wren Scott officially ruled a suicide
b 5 Tax Mistakes for Last-Minutes Filers to Avoid
e Glee Star Joins Beyonce In Female Empowerment Video
m Genetic risk of Alzheimer's has gender bias
b Bank of America shines while Citigroup stumbles in the latest Fed stress tests.
e A Peeps movie might be in the works, and we've got a few ideas
b Study: Indiana residents paying more in taxes
e Louis C.K. to TMZ.com: Remove Tracy Morgan accident video
b IMF chief Lagarde charged with 'negligence' over graft case
b Ukraine and IMF agree economic reform package
e Miley Cyrus And Friends Get Tattoo In Remembrance Of Her Dog Floyd (Photos)
t Why I'm not impressed with Google's Android Wear platform
t IPCC report: impact of global warming by region
e Kanye West Stopped A Concert To Complain About How Super Hard His Life Is
e Kanye West to relaunch Kim Kardashian's pop career
b France's Sapin: BNP Paribas Accord With US Lifts Uncertainty
e Scammers using Coachella tickets to lure buyers
e Beyonce: She doesn't like being called bossy
m Advanced Breast Cancer Support Group loses funding
e Sherri Shepherd, Jenny McCarthy All Smiles After View Departure  ...
t Instagram photo editing steps up in v6.0 for iOS and Android
m iPads, Devices May Cause Rash
e Culture on cue this Record Store Day
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West Put Second Pregnancy On Hold Due to Constant  ...
b Russia Deputy Premier Kozak Included on EU Sanctions List
b Dov Charney Mounts Effort to Wrest Back Control of American Apparel
t Bang & Olufsen BeoVision Avant adds motion to 4K UHD TV future proofing
e Remembering a 'titan': Richard Attenborough's most memorable film moments
e Poet, Civil Rights Activist Maya Angelou Has Died At 86
b AT&T in talks to buy DirecTV for nearly $50 billion - sources
e Christians throng churches for Good Friday services
t CABAL Online Android TV Version Unveiled
e Review: Noah fails to deliver expected spectacle
b Amazon enters smartphone market with shopping-friendly device
e Happy Easter! I Hate Peeps.
e Wiz Khalifa addresses arrest onstage
e G.O.O.D. Wife Kim Kardashian Reviewed Kayne's Bonnaroo Set: '#YASSSSSS'
e Robin Thicke Naming Album After Paula Patton…
e Kate Winslet Explains Meaning Behind Son's Unusual Name
e “Deliver Us From Evil” Olivia Munn Interview!
b Judge Griesa calls Argentina and hedge funds for a hearing on Friday
e Tracy Morgan - Tracy Morgan doing better
b SanDisk buys Fusion-io to accelerate the flash-based data centre
e Pharrell to Replace Cee Lo Green on 'The Voice'
b Rupert Murdoch seems to have fallen out of love with Twitter
t Weev Is Free
e First Trailer for Gotham Revealed
e 'DWTS' RECAP: Olympians Rule The Night
t Obamacare users urged to reset passwords to protect system from the  ...
e Bryan Cranston Channels Walter White to Help Fan Land Prom Date
b 7 Things We Can Learn From Warren Buffett's Biggest Money Mistakes
e The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies releases first trailer (Video)
t Nest to Buy Dropcam in $555M Deal
m Proposed rule could mean higher costs for local microbrews
m Mobile dealing with whooping cough outbreak, vaccines recommended
b Three NFL players named in police report, not charged
t EU To Hold Meeting On 'Right To Be Forgotten' Next Week
t Airbag Danger Prompts Recall of Millions of Cars
m Obama nominates new face of Health Department
e The View' Cast 2014: Meghan McCain to Join Rosie O'Donnell as New Co-Host  ...
t Where Were You During The 1st Moonwalk?
e As I Lay Dying Frontman Tim Lambesis Will Serve Six Years In Prison
b Plane debris hunt narrowed down
b Sun Pharma up 5%, Ranbaxy falls 3% post $4 bn deal
t Solar flares disrupt communications on Earth, could send shockwave on Friday  ...
b Supreme Court Upholds Obama Administration's Attempts To Curb Greenhouse  ...
m Health Officials Continue to Warn Against the Spread of West Nile Virus
b End of the Bull Market in Sight?
e Zara clothing chain apologizes for selling striped shirt with Star of David
t Obama failed the Internet says 'net neutrality' professor
e Midnight deadline nears in Met Opera labor showdown
b Fannie, Freddie could send $179.2B to US taxpayers
m Lessya doing well after 16-hour reconstructive surgery at UofL
e Colbert Report Will Be Replaced By Larry Wilmore's Minority Report
m County's health is middling
e Zendaya Exits Aaliyah Film
b Big Four accounting firms warn investors could leave HK over Occupy Central  ...
b Deutsche Bank Gains Qatar as Holder in $11 Billion Share Sale
b More Than $1 Billion in Superstorm Sandy Aid Could Be Spent Around the Country
m Truvada Pill an HIV Cure? CDC Recommends Prevention Pill For High-Risk Cases
t Comet-Chasing Probe Images its Frozen, Lumpy Target
e Eminem pays tribute to mother in new 'Headlights' video - watch
e Tributes pour in for cinema great Richard Attenborough
b JCPenney's behavior 'childish,' 'sophomoric' in Martha deal
e 'Mad Men' Recap: It's My Nipple in a Box
t Halo 1-4 Will Get HD Remake For Xbox One [Rumor]
t Does Blackberry Ltd (NASDAQ:BBBY) Need to Worry After the Deal between  ...
m Study: Better scheduling could reduce controller fatigue
e Kim Kardashian gets sands rubbed by assistants during 'sexy' photoshoot
b Euro Lower On Spanish Deflation, UK GDP Due
m Hungry spouse, angry spouse? Study ties marital discord to low blood sugar
b Jobless claims fall, return near postrecession low
t Samsung Galaxy S5 to come with anti-theft features pre-installed, on Verizon  ...
b Nicholas (Nick) Woodman's GoPro Prospectus for IPO Now Published Hopes to  ...
b Nicklaus: Regulators need to harness market's need for speed
e Rolling Stone flubs Constitution tattoo on back of Julia Louis-Dreyfus for cover
e '24: Live Another Day' Recap: The Saddest '24' Death Yet
b Malaysia Airlines Flight 'Shot Down' in Ukraine
e Pharrell to join 'The Voice' as coach
b Altice Group: not planning to raise its bid for SFR
t HTC One M8: release date, specs and stockists
m Experimental Hepatitis drug 95% successful
e Game of Thrones Season 4 Premiere: Behind-The-Scenes Videos
t Tech giants, advocacy groups, VCs raise their hands for net neutrality
m Could Protein Protect Against Stroke?
m Obesity boosts ovarian cancer risk, study finds
e Bach Juan Pablo Recap 10: The Women Tell All (Through Super White Teeth)
e Vogue Defends 'Kimye' Cover Kardashian, West, Wintour, Liebovitz take social flak
e Kim Kardashian flaunts slim figure in backless top and tight jeans as her and  ...
e Singer Chris Brown admits probation violation, remains in jail
t Microsoft criticised for searching blogger's email
m Foster Farms Issues Voluntary Recall Of Chicken With Select March "Use Or  ...
b Research Finds Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) A Threat To Toyota Motors  ...
e Our spiritual leaders' Easter messages
b Netflix poised to raise prices after strong 1Q - Business, Government Legal News  ...
t Microsoft to complete acquisition of Nokia's Devices & Services business on Friday
b 'Candy Crush' game maker King's IPO to face investor scrutiny 0
t New MacBook Airs to Feature Minor Processor Update
e Joan Lunden, former 'Good Morning America' host, shares news of her breast  ...
m Seven dead of Ebola in Monrovia because they just can't control this thing  ...
e 'The Other Woman' a two-fisted 'First Wives Club'
m Experts Investigate E. coli Outbreak tied to Sprouts
t Baby gorillas on display at Bronx Zoo
m Trending today: First Tenn. woman charged under new pregnancy drug law  ...
e Johnny Depp: 'Chick's ring' a 'dead giveaway' he's engaged to Amber Heard
b PowerShares S&P 500 Low Volatility Portfolio (SPLV) Enters Oversold Territory
e Kim takes chopper 'to Instagram'
b P.F. Chang's Suffers Credit Card Breach
t Climate Change Report Precursor to New Energy Tax?
t Markus 'Notch' Persson Ditches Oculus Rift Plans Due to 'Creepy' Facebook
b Colorado pot taxes rake in $2 million
e Brazil and Chile head to penalties at 1-1
t Microsoft's Windows Phone 8.1 support to roll out starting June 24
b Family Life: Time is now to enroll in health insurance marketplace
e 'How I Met Your Mother' Co-Creator Defends Controversial Finale
t Obama: Civil Rights Act opened doors
b Stock market records longest winning streak in six months
t Google Glass to assist surgeons soon
m Liberians in US worry about Ebola outbreak
b Statement From GE Chairman and CEO On Meeting With French Government
e 'Harry Potter' star Rupert Grint heads for Broadway
t eBay under investigation for security practices
e The Last Movie Brittany Murphy Filmed Before Her Death to Be Released April 4
e Planes: Fire & Rescue
e 'SpongeBob SquarePants' Goes 3D In Trailer For 'Sponge Out Of Water'
m New York police to receive heroin antidote
b RBI taking more nuanced approach even to its preferred measure of inflation
e The Bachelorette: Boyz Who Should Never Sing Again
t Apple might buy a slice of Renesas
t Why Is Microsoft Cutting 18000 Jobs
t Q. Can your Linux PC run Crysis? OK, it can. But will it run natively? A. Soon  ...
b Greek yields rise as investors book profits on comeback rally
m 3D mammograms may improve breast cancer screening, at a cost
e Ciara names baby boy Future
b Flight 370 Found? GeoResonance Stands By Claims.
b Yellen cites housing and global tensions as economic risks
t You Have To Hear This Man's Numerous Attempts To Cancel Comcast
e 'Jem and the Holograms' movie casts 'Sharknado' actress
e Jesse Winchester, Musician And Draft-Dodger, Dead At 69
e Kanye West Spent 4 Days Perfecting Wedding Photo And It Pissed Kim Off
e Religion news
e HBO Inks Exclusive Deal With Amazon
e Jodie Foster weds, Matt Bomer reveals he got married in 2011
e Fab Fargo is faithful to Coens' cult classic
m The associations between ADHD and asthma in Korean children
m 'Young' blood treatments pep up aging mice
t Launchpad: Apple iPod Touch, Panasonic Lumix GH4, HTC Desire 516, Nokia X2
e 'Star Wars' Spin-off Release Date & Cast Rumors: Gareth Edwards to Direct  ...
e Angelina Jolie and Stella McCartney Collaborate on Clothing Line
e Coachella 2014: Day two brings surprise guests from Puff Daddy to Snoop  ...
e First teaser released for 'The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1'
e Amal Alamuddin: The woman behind the media frenzy
b AG files suit against companies, alleging student loan debt scams
e Speaker Boehner is right: Immigration reform is hard
m World Hypertension Week
b Ambrose: Picking on Piketty's fiscal thesis
t Project Morpheus Details; “No Problem Hitting 1080p/60fps” With Games
e 'Frozen' fans, rejoice: 'Once Upon a Time' casts its Elsa
e Tribeca Film Festival 2014
t CashStar Launches Digital Gift Card Solution for Google Wallet
e Charges Dropped Against Paul Simon, Edie Brickell
t Next PS4 update adds SHAREfactory video editing and pre-loading games
e Jada Pinkett Smith defends Willow's photo
t Documents detail another delayed GM recall
m Study: Effects Of Childhood Bullying Can Last Well Into Adulthood
b Pilot mismanagement, confusion caused Asiana crash
t GM boss "deeply sorry" after deadly crashes
t Titanosaur, Possibly Biggest Dinosaur Ever, Unearthed In Argentina
b Posted by Imaduddin
t Phoenix-area girl's drawing chosen for Doodle 4 Google contest
t IPCC Report: Business groups lead calls for ambitious action to tackle  ...
e Mick Jagger Moves On with 27-Year-Old Ballet Dancer (Report)
e Why we think Jon Hamm would be perfect in porn
m Saudi Arabia captures 7 pc global diamond trade: report
e Melissa McCarthy: 'Tammy' started as a weird dream that came true
b MH370 search pivots north on new plane data
e 50 Cent's Producers Break Down The Making Of 'Animal Ambition'
e BET Awards 2014 Red Carpet.
b Boehner: 'What the hell is this, a joke?'
t Lawmakers grill GM chief over recall, coverup
b Gold prices weaker in Asia
e One Actor, One Kid, 12 Years, One Film. 'Boyhood'
b Alcoa exceeds expectations with Q2 result
e Emma Watson 'more spiritual' than religious
m Ebola cases could eventually reach 20000, UN agency says
t LG G3 hands-on review
e The Rolling Stones resume world tour with Mick Jagger after L'Wren Scott's death
t Nike axes its FuelBand team, will get out of the wearable hardware market
t NASA reports discovery of Icy Planet in Binary Star System
m Britain's binge drinking levels are among the highest in the world
m Watching 3 hours of daily TV doubles early death risk
b Malaysia gets new radar data from Thailand 10 days after plane's disappearance
b China's economy grew at 7.4% in March quarter
b June jobs report shows US recovery is accelerating - KPTV - FOX 12
e UK TV host Rolf Harris found guilty of indecent assault
t 500-Mile Tesla Graphene Battery?
b Stocks open higher on encouraging profit reports
m UK bosses allow dementia care leave
e Regina actress Tatiana Maslany appears on Conan
b Brady says jobs report good, not great
b China growth lower; Japan and Australia in big trade deal; renewables need  ...
b Pound to Canadian Dollar Update - GBP CAD Exchange Rate Movement to  ...
m Health Care Expenditure Growth Slows in US
t AOL probes cyber attack, says user data compromised
b Kelowna GMO protest
t Osmo The New Kid's Device To Bring Balance To The Ipad
e Blake Shelton & Luke Bryan to Return as Hosts of 50TH ANNUAL ACADEMY OF  ...
t General Motors to Inspect Recall
m Egypt's army says "AIDS detector" needs more tests
t NASA flying saucer set for test flight
b Asiana crash blamed (mainly) on human error
e Glen Ellyn native Sean Hayes heads to 'The Millers'
e Selena Gomez, Justin Bieber News: 'Come & Get It' Singer Fires Parents as  ...
b Alibaba IPO Goes to NYSE – Nasdaq No Longer the Tech King
e Mexican and Colombian heads of state pay homage to Gabo
e Barrett, Cesaro, Sheamus & RVD on Raw Fallout, Raw Attendance Figure
b Fannie Mae (FNMA) Q1 Net Income of $5.3B; Expects to Remain Profitable for  ...
b China rejects sign it might soon be No. 1 economy
e Amazon to fight Apple, Google, Spotify in music wars
b Sun Pharma shares gain, Ranbaxy falls after deal announcement
t GM recalls 1.5 million more vehicles
b Los Angeles Claims Time Warner Cable Owes $10M
e Prince George goes walkabout
t Watch Dogs Review: A GTA Challenger
m The Effectiveness of Tamiflu and Relenza, Drugs for Flu Are Being Questioned
b Merkel leads fightback against eurosceptic charge
e Warner Bros. and Joe Russo Respond to Captain America and Superman  ...
t Pew Report: Top challenges facing the Internet in the next decade
e Weekly Q& A: 'Jersey Boys' star Erich Bergen on leaving Las Vegas and how  ...
e Fox To Air "Grease Live" Special Musical Event In 2015
b Candy Crush Saga maker King set for $7.1 billion IPO valuation
e Miley Cyrus Gets A 'F**king Big Ass Wet Kiss' From Dog Mary Jane Following  ...
t Google Chromecast Review: Coming To "Many More Countries" Soon
t Potential Apple Inc. (AAPL) Tablet Changes for Future Growth
m Blood Donor Day - Doctors Tipped On Safe Transfusion
e NFL, NCAA and others commit $65 million to studying youth head injuries
b U.S. Economy Grew by 4% in Q2
t LG G3 vs Samsung Galaxy S5, Sony Xperia Z2, HTC One M8: Battery Life  ...
t Jeep pins big hopes on small offroader
e The money is in Country: Taylor Swift, Kenny Chesney top earners' list
e Zac Efron on how revealing his issues with drugs and alcohol is 'weight off' his  ...
e Hilary Duff talks 'very difficult' separation from Mike Comrie
b Citi, DOJ Near Multibillion-Dollar Deal Over MBS Claims
t Apple And Samsung Head Back To Court As Jurors Are Chosen For Second  ...
b Futures Lose Early Gains on Disappointing Housing, Inflation Data
e Hashtag cringe: Fans mock Robin Thicke as Twitter session backfires
t Microsoft Windows XP support ends Tuesday: 7 risks and tips you need to know
e Melissa McCarthy finds it "crazy" Susan Sarandon agreed to star in 'Tammy'
e George Clooney, Amal Alamuddin Host Star-Studded Engagement Party
e Christina Grimmie's Edgy & Cool Style On 'The Voice': See Her Best Looks
t YouTube caters to creators with better features, Creator Preview video series
b McDonald's ruling ignites business-labor firestorm
b Dollar falls versus yen on renewed geopolitical concerns
b Senator teaching rail safety almost gets struck by train
t Heartbleed: OpenSSL encryption bug discovered by Codenomicon and Neel  ...
e Joan Lunden's Breast Cancer Diagnosis Makes Her Ask Agonizing Question
t PS4 Software Update to Incorporate Features Based on User Feedback
e Showbiz Round-Up With Leanne Moore
e Bachelorette Recap: Andi Cuts Three Guys After Drama-Filled Group Date
m S.African HIV prevalence rises on soaring new infections
e Danica McKellar Is Engaged, See Her Gorgeous Ring
e 9/11 museum offers sights and sounds of tragedy
m Study Backs Nonsurgical Fix For Heart Valves
t Use eBay? Might wanna change that password...
b Critics say Citigroup's deal not enough
e Essex woman spent £18000 to keep up with Kim Kardashian
e Man Sues British Airways After The Send Him to Grenada in the Caribbean  ...
b Libya MPs in new bid to oust PM after rebel oil shipment
b Dai-Ichi Life Deal Poses Challenges to Rivals
t Mozilla Names Beard as Interim CEO After Leadership Upheaval (1)
e Rolf Harris latest: 'unduly lenient' sentence referred to Attorney General
e Harry Potter goes grey, is 34, in Rowling's new story posted on website
e Freeman excited to work with his favourite actor Depp
t Facebook Launches New 'Nearby Friends' App with Real-Time Tracker
t Seat-Belt Enforcement Begins In 40 Michigan Counties
e 'Game of Thrones' recap: Justice is just another word for revenge
b European shares slip, Vodafone drops after results
e Walter White Resurfaces to Help One Kid Get a Prom Date
m Former Boston Mayor Menino diagnosed with advanced cancer
b Some say Comcast takeover of Time Warner bad for consumers
e Backers pledge over $1 million to bring Reading Rainbow to the web
t MPs throw weight behind IPCC climate science report
e AC/DC Rumoured to Split Due to Guitarist Malcolm Young's Illness
b UPDATE 2-Johnson Controls divesting auto interiors business to SAIC JV
e Kate Middleton Was Reportedly Invited To Kim Kardashian And Kanye West's  ...
e fans! Watch BET Awards 2014 Live Streaming Red carpet Onlin
m As NJ mosquito-borne illnesses spread, health officials say be on guard
t This Is the Samsung Gear Live Smartwatch, and It Costs $199
t Hackers using Find My iPhone to hijack your iPhone
m Officials: 2nd US case of MERS being reported
b Oil prices mixed in Asia trade
b Possible merger sees Tim Hortons, Burger King shares surge
e David Fincher leaves Steve Jobs biopic after dispute over $10m payday
t Commentary: Tyson's 'Cosmos' has not been impressive
t Report: Apple Reaches Settlement in E-Book Price Fixing Case
e Pictured: Lea Michele 'escorted' in a convertible by male gigolo love on set of  ...
m “Best Mother's Day Present:” Rare Mono Mono Twins Born Holding Hands
e Usher's Whitney Tribute
b Data from the G10 space out today
e Breaking Bad, "Modern Family" win Emmy awards
t Tech Industry Giants Come Out in Support of Neutrality
m Portugal “prepared” for Ebola virus, but risk is “very low”
e Perrie Edwards: One Direction's new tour means Zayn Malik and my wedding is  ...
e Selena Gomez Dumps Jenner Girls -- I Have Enough Toxic People in My Life
b Lesson to India: China admits nearly 20% of farmland polluted
t Get a Samsung Gear Fit for just $100
e Walking Dead Promotes Andrew J. West, Alanna Masterson and Christian Serratos
m Ebola epidemic is out of control
t Samsung's 'Project K' May Be The Premium GALAXY S5 That Fans Have Been  ...
b Asian Shares Mixed, Nikkei Pulls Back
t Halo 5: Guardians Revealed for Fall 2015 Release
e Anna Jarvis invented Mother's Day, then fought against it: Will you celebrate?
e Batmobile picture for the Superman vs Batman movie teased
b IMF likely to cut global growth forecast, sees pick-up next year
m New York court blocks proposed ban on large sugary drinks
t Google's Project Tango Is DIYer's Dream
t Space station computer outage may force spacewalk
t Microsoft schedules March 27 event to discuss 'cloud and mobile computing  ...
e Mama bear rescues cub from busy freeway
b Quiznos Files Bankruptcy Days After Sbarro
m Breast Cancer Drug Blocked By Health Watchdog, Deemed Too Expensive For  ...
b Sales of Existing U.S. Homes Rose More Than Forecast in May
m E-cigs a challenge for police, educators
t The ISSpresso: An espresso machine for space
m New York among 20 states in Four Loko youth marketing settlement
b US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St ends down as Iraq concerns rise
m F.D.A. Warns About Morcellator Procedure in Hysterectomy
e 300 devotees trace symbolic path of Christ's crucifiction
e VIDEO: Seth MacFarlane To Match 'Reading Rainbow' Donations
b Bowlmor Lanes closes after 76 years in business
b PepsiCo profit rises more than expected on snack sales
e Angelina Jolie said she was 'nutso' when preparing for Disney's 'Maleficent'
t President Obama promises to save honeybees from extermination
b Market Wrap: Fed CCAR Results Announced; 'Candy Crush' Maker Sour in  ...
b Trademark Trial and Appeal Board Cancels Washington NFL Team's Trademark  ...
t Hands-on: Does Project Morpheus deliver?
e Angelina Jolie blessed as honorary Dame on Queen Elizabeth's birthday
m FDA moves to ban sales of e-cigarettes to minors
t Conan O'Brien tears up Chicago in Watch Dogs review
t Why It Makes Little Sense to Buy $1500 Google Glass
e Nick Lachey and Vanessa Minnillo Expecting Baby Girl
e Jagger's tribute at L'Wren funeral
e Review Roundup: Surprisingly, There Were Some How I Met Your Mother  ...
e Who would win: Beatrice or Katniss? Shailene Woodley reveals
e Posted on June 12th, 2014 at 4:03 pm
b Posted by Shoaib-ur-Rehman Siddiqui
e Film Review: The Other Woman
t Civil lawsuit filed against GM in 2006 Wisconsin crash
t AH Primetime: Are Google Retail Stores Really Needed?
m EBOLA: Doctor Quarantined in Canada
e Top 10 Weird Al Yankovic singles
t Brand new meteor shower making debut
e Man dives under America Ferrera's dress on Cannes red carpet
e 'St. Vincent' Trailer: Bill Murray Is the Grouchiest Babysitter
b Judge Griesa: bad-tempered and easy to anger?
t What Apple, Inc. gets from its new iOS partnership with IBM
t Brace Yourselves: The New Emojis Are Coming
t Conn. gas prices continue slow decline
t Net Neutrality As Explained By John Oliver, Internet Troll Style [Video]
t Facebook Researcher Apologized For Facebook Human Experiment On Emotions
t New iOS App: Notifyr (Route Your iOS Notifications To Your Mac)
t HTC One M8 Google Play Edition Goes Official
m Arizona wins, Planned Parenthood loses, over use of RU486
e MTV Movie Awards Red Carpet 2014: Who Could You Win Best Kiss With?
b In odd twist, industry to ban 'microbeads'
b DAILY BRIEFING Wall St. - Midday report
m Young Fathers Show Symptoms of Depression
e Harrison Ford hospitalized after injuring ankle on 'Star Wars' set
e Beyonce teams with Jennifer Garner and Jane Lynch in campaign to urge girls to  ...
e What's opening in theaters next week
b China HSBC flash PMI at 5-month high of 49.7
e 5 Chris Pratt movies
t Meet the guy who just broke TweetDeck
t Pew Survey shares View of Americans on Upcoming Developments
t 'Halo 5' publisher could be working on another game in 'Halo' franchise
t Twitter snaps up data provider Gnip
e Kelly Clarkson Gives Birth: 'American Idol' Alum and Husband on 'Cloud 9' With  ...
e Hispanic Cultural Center Celebrates Cinco de Mayo in Midland
t HTC One (M8) launch liveblog
b Inflation hits four-year low
b An Alan Mulally Primer on Ford
t SpaceX Sues US Air Force to Protest Monopoly
b Energy Future is one of world's biggest bankruptcies
b Amazon in new shopping tie-up with Twitter
b US markets fall after hitting a new high
b Report: Sprint in Final Stages of Negotiation for T-Mobile Acquisition
t Facebook Introduces New Way to Flirt With Relationship 'Ask' Button
t Spiders prompt Mazda recall
m Diets rich in antioxidant resveratrol fail to reduce deaths, heart disease or cancer
m Raw oysters spike US rise in bacterial infections, CDC reports
t Amazon escalates battle against publishers
t Facebook adds 'ask' relationship button
b Weather frustrates hunt for MH370
e Josh Elliott leaves 'Good Morning America' for NBC Sports
t 3D Printing in Space: ISS Study
e Chris Christie joins Jimmy Fallon for Evolution of Dad Dancing
e Mick Jagger Posts First Photo Since L'Wren Scott's Death
e Sunday Ratings: NBC's 'Talent' Squares Off Against a New Challenger
t Time to get real about climate change
e 'Gentleman's Guide to Love and Murder' Leads Tony Award Nominations
e Which Came First the Bunny or the Egg?
m Salt's harm evident in heavy teens, study finds
e Gabriel Garcia Marquez Dies At 87 Years Of Age
e Ant-Man Concept Art Released, With Best-Yet Look at the Costume in Action
t Frenemies: A Brief History of Apple and IBM Partnerships
t New faster MacBook Air price drops to $899 as MacBook Pro sits still
e What 'The Leftovers' Has to Offer Fans of 'Lost' and What It Doesn't, According to  ...
e Shocking: Hollywood Actors Take Stand Against Radical Sharia Laws
m Despite stigma, kids of same-sex parents thrive
m Prosthetic arm that can perform tasks approved for sale in U.S.
b Single investor wins all $19m worth of Silk Road bitcoins
b Mega-banks might need to hold more capital: Janet Yellen
e Kristen Bell and Dax Shepard Expecting a Second Baby! (VIDEO)
e O'Brien promises lot of fun during MTV Movie Awards
b Amazon shares slide as investors fear weak Q2
b Tallahassee incident further fuels national drone debate
t Twitter introduces pop-up notifications on the web
e Oscar-Nominated Actress Ruby Dee Dies at 91
b Twitter, Amazon sign deal to allow users to shop by hashtag
t Apple Loop: Apple And Samsung Back In Court, The iPhone 6 Bayonet Mount  ...
t How Extreme Weather Convinced Obama to Fight Climate Change
e Leila McKinnon delivers best Jay Z/Solange tweet
b Shire flags existing and new drugs in defence to AbbVie
b Fed's Fisher, Plosser push for earlier rate hike
b Medical giant Medtronic to buy rival Covidien for $42.9 billion
e Selena Gomez Shoots A Commercial Following Her Weekend WIth Justin Bieber
b BofA to spend $9.3 billion in FHFA settlement
b Economy Watch: Existing Home Sales Rise, but Still Sluggish; Home Price Gains  ...
m Have kids? You're more likely to support Obamacare's birth control mandate
e NFL notes: Manziel's playbook includes hanging with Justin Bieber
b Some of the proposals for tackling student debt
e Katherine Heigl sues Duane Reade Inc. over use of her photo
m 08/07/2014Swiss helicopter firm denies involvement in Schumacher theft
b Fox News Channel's Bret Baier, Greta Van Susteren Land Hillary Clinton  ...
e Miley Cyrus: Criticized For Exploiting Homeless Man at VMAs
e 'Cancel Colbert' Is Your Daily Dose of Dumb Twitter Outrage
t Office for iPad release date set for 27 March
t Google strikes deal to put smart lens into diabetics' eye
b General Motors' first quarter profit dragged down by recalls
t First piece of Halo 5: Guardians concept art shows outpost in desert canyon
e Texas Tech Cheerleader Criticized for Hunting Photos
e Cheerleading Hunting 'Big Game' of a Different Kind
e Coachella 2014: Official app shows buzz for OutKast, Zedd, MGMT sets
t Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) Meets Q2 Expectations
e Willow Smith Receives Backlash For Controversial Picture
b The Doldrums Engulf Markets Again
b TE in $1.7 bil expansion move
b Morning Jolt: Zillow to buy Trulia for $3.5 billion
m Teens are drinking, smoking and fighting less, the government says, but screen  ...
e Watch: Luke Evans in First 'The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies' Teaser  ...
m More plumbing problems in Oakland A's clubhouse
b Detroit: $850 Million Is Cost Of Blight Removal
e One Direction members filmed smoking 'joint'
e Best world directors try to keep their movies' releases until Cannes - film critic
t Whales maintain ocean's ecological balance: Marine experts
t Google's new partnership makes smart contact lenses a reality
e Taylor Swift Writes Op-Ed in the Wall Street Journal, Says Love Can Save the  ...
b Gold held near a three-month high as investors weighed a weaker dollar against  ...
e Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin announce split after more than a decade  ...
e Box Office: 'Transformers 4,' 'Tammy' Top Dreadful July 4th Weekend
e Mickey Rooney dead at 93 (with video)
m Drowsy Drivers 2
t Samsung working on smartwatch that will make calls: Reports
e [TICON-A VIDEO] George Clooney celebrates €500k engagement at party with  ...
t Emperor penguins face extinction: Study
e Celebrate Khloe Kardashian's birthday with her 5 hottest red carpet looks
b What to Know About Detecting Throat Cancer Early
m Voguing EMT Will Give You Life, Then Save It: WATCH
e Hamm at PNC Park to pitch for Disney film
t Nokia to be renamed as Microsoft Mobile following the $7.2 billion deal
e Kim Kardashian Face to Face with Intruder
e Cannes 2014: Salma Hayek Turns Spotlight on Missing Nigerian Girls at Red  ...
t Ford Motor Company (NYSE:F) | Ford recalls over 750000 vehicles for software  ...
e “Transformers: Age of Extinction” Starts Strong at Box Office
e 'Transcendence' has technical — and logical — difficulties
m Help Is Available To The Mentally Ill Through Community Mental Health Centers
e Martin Freeman predicts death of major Sherlock character
e The Voice: The first cuts are not the deepest
t How to Watch the Google I/O Keynote Live
b China flexes its military might as Hong Kong protests
t Facebook Tracks and Acquires The Moves Activity App
t Google Search update introduces 'Take a Picture' and 'Take a video' voice  ...
t Blood Moon Overnight, Brief Warm Up Tuesday
m Mothers transfer fear to their babies through odors
b Google Given New $725.00 Price Target at JMP Securities (GOOGL)
e Creep Con: Sexual harassment rife at comics convention
b Analyst Upgrades: Apple Inc., Adobe Systems Incorporated, and America  ...
b More than 100 protesters arrested at McDonald's HQ demanding fair pay
b Report: Alstom to Accept GE's $13B Offer
t Various reports of LG G3
b What Thomas Piketty Doesn't Say
b Smaller blue
e Susan Sarandon and Melissa McCarthy star in Tammy
e Katy Perry Launches Own Record Label And Introduces First Signed Artist
b JD.com Inc. manages to raise 1.78 billion dollars in IPO, prices above expectations
m Colo. to crack down on patients and caregivers
e Kris Jenner Flaunts MAJOR Cleavage at Kim's Wedding
t BlackBerry, Amazon Deal To Bring 240000 Android Apps To BB10
b Three workers rescued from collapsed Honduras mine: officials
b Ex-chairman of Anglo Irish Bank cleared of fraud
e Taoiseach rules out emergency legislation to allow Garth Brooks concerts to go  ...
m Ebola: State of emergency in Sierra Leone
t Facebook Introduces LGBT Stickers for Pride
e Batman Arkham Knight delayed to 2015 - New details, trailer
e Nerd Rage: 'Ant-Man' Loses Edgar Wright
e Wu-Tang Affiliate Cuts Penis Off In Suicide Attempt
m Speaking a second language could prevent later-life cognitive decline
e Glee's Chris Colfer the Victim of a Twitter Firing Hoax
t Here comes Samsung Galaxy S5 mini
e Crystal Cruises Game of Thrones excursion price concern
e Lady Gaga's 'GUY' Music Video: Look By Look
m Vaginas and noses can be grown from cells, studies find
e Chris Hemsworth and Elsa Pataky welcome twin boys
e Game of Thrones Shows Us How They Do Father's Day in Westeros
t The best way to protest net neutrality's end is with an Internet-wide slowdown
t Nod Demonstrates Gestural Control for Connected Home Devices at NCTA
b China Growth Slows to 7.4% -- Update
e Gary Oldman: The apes could conquer Trafalgar Square
e Affleck 'too good' at blackjack
e Solange attacks Jay Z: Video shows Beyonce's sister punching, kicking rapper
e BWW TV: Broadway is a Whole New World! Chatting with the Cast of ALADDIN  ...
b Deadly San Bruno pipeline blast keeps reverberating
e Jimmy Fallon Plays A Prank On The Roots
t Google buys 'mood music' start-up Songza
e George Clooney and Amal Alamuddin Hold Engagement Party
t Mozilla ditching Metro Firefox over lack of user interest
t French company offers $15 billion for T-Mobile US, beating Sprint to a bid
e Iranian Pharrel Williams Fans Arrested for Making “Happy” Video
e Most Recent Articles In Fashion Features
b Closing Update: Stocks Finish Mostly Higher; Consumer, Energy Stocks Lead  ...
b OECD trims 2014 world growth forecast to 3.4%
b Siemens to Buy Rolls-Royce Energy Business for $1.32 Billion - Update
m Giant panda has pregnancy false alarm
m Avastin first biologic backed in EU for resistant ovarian cancer
b Sun Pharma shares gain more than 4% intraday after announcing plans to  ...
e Ford injured on Star Wars set
b Citigroup May Become Latest Bank to Face Big Fine
e 'Star Wars: Episode VII': shortlist for hero role includes Jesse Plemons, John  ...
m Second investigation of CDC anthrax lapse finds more problems
t Hot models debuting at this year's New York Auto Show
e Why Is Jennifer Lawrence on the Cover of 'Martha Stewart: Weddings'?
t Netflix opposes Comcast merger
b DIA to make major Grand Bargain announcement
m Treating AIDS around the world
t Mark Zuckerberg Ordered To Court In Iran
b 10 Things You Need To Know This Morning
t Free-Market Advocates Say FCC's Proposed Internet Regulations Are  ...
t Protect Yourself from the Heartbleed Bug!
b What Geithner Did
m Michael Schumacher's management team: F1 star's medical records have been  ...
b BofA halts buybacks, dividend increase on stress-test error
m Routine pelvic exams don't save lives
b Vince McMahon Has Major First World Problems, May No Longer Be Billionaire
e Katie Cleary's Late Husband Had Bad Experience With Hormone Therapy And  ...
e Sarah Michelle Gellar's Husband Freddie Prinze Jr. Slams '24' Co-Star Kiefer  ...
m Cincinnati Children's surgeons to rebuild throat of 4-year-old who swallowed  ...
b US court ruling puts Argentina into peril
m Dangerous Flesh-Eating Vibrio Bacteria Found in Florida Waters
t Windows and Android Together Make Microsoft and Google Mad
b Finnish state snubs Weir's proposed tie-up with Metso
t BlackBerry Ltd (BBRY) Preferred By German Government
t Toyota to pay $1.2bn over accelerator problems
e Sherlock back for Christmas special, says Martin Freeman
e Dick Wagner Of Alice Cooper And Lou Reed Bands Dies At 71
t Mozilla Now Has An Interim CEO (Chris Beard)
b Climate change like GFC: Paulson
b China seizure of ship could hurt Japan business: Japan spokesman
b MARKET COMMENT: US Stocks To Test All-Time Highs Again, Data In Focus
b AbbVie ups its offer for Shire to $51.5 billion
t April Fool's Day: Google Maps Is Taken Over By Pokemon [VIDEO]
b Review finds Boeing 787 meets expected safety levels
e Hayden Panettiere Pregnant: Actress Reportedly Expecting First Child With  ...
b Global Stock Markets Slump While Waiting for US Jobs News, ECB Action
t Amazon Fire Phone: 8 things you need to know
b U.N. urges restraint over China-Vietnam row in South China Sea
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West Married: Beyonce, Jay Z skip wedding, head to  ...
b Iraq fears hit European shares, German bond yields fall
e Andy Warhol's lost artwork found on 1980s floppy disks
t Watch As Florida Beachgoers Rescue Stranded Baby Dolphin
e Jase Robertson: Missy and I Were Virgins on Our Wedding Night!
e The Movie 'The Interview' Facing Criticism From North Korea, And More Of  ...
t US commercial spacecraft Dragon returns from space station
b Tesla Could Skip Dealers Under Arizona bill
e Game of Thrones Showrunners Sign Two Season Deal
e It's Official! Kim & Kanye are Married
t Apple to unveil new smart home platform at WWDC next week
e Dior Haute Couture: Charlize Theron, Jumpsuits, and Jaw-Dropping Gowns
e 'The Voice': Gwen Stefani Named Coach — Adam & Blake Confirmed
t Oculus-controlled dual-camera drones could be the future of aerial videography
e Culkin pelted with beer after Kazoo performance
t Amazon Acquires Twitch
e Nicki Minaj Talks About Her Own Near-Death Experience At BET Awards After  ...
e Matt Lauer's 'Today Show' Contract Extended
t Google dismisses rumors of Nexus demise
e Former NFL scout on Alabama's AJ McCarron: 'He's going to be a backup in the  ...
e Watch Brian Williams Cover Snoop Dogg's 'Gin and Juice'
e Forecast: 'Neighbors' Set to Party Hard Over Mother's Day Weekend
e Katherine Heigl 'repeatedly' tried to resolve Duane Reade Inc. issue without  ...
e Tests Suggest 'Gospel of Jesus' Wife' Is Authentic
e Tate Modern's latest blockbuster: how Henri Matisse turned paper cut-outs into  ...
t Samsung to Release Galaxy Tab S 8.4 and 10.5 With AMOLED Display  ...
b US employers added robust 288000 jobs in June
e New baby joins the Jay Cutler team
t Cisco to invest over $1B in cloud computing
e Few faith-based laughs in 'Moms' Night Out'
b Siemens CEO Joe Kaeser sees no reason to discuss improving Alstom offer
t IPCC presents assessment on measures to mitigate climate change
e Plymouth offers Irish entertainment, fare, for St. Paddy's
e Kim Kardashian Shy About Twerking in Public
e Review: 'Fargo' - 'The Rooster Prince'
b PPG Industries, Inc. (PPG) to Acquire Comex for $2.3B
b FBI Investigates High-Speed Investors Accused of Potential Market Manipulation
e 'Gotham': Watch the First Full Trailer for Fox's Batman Prequel (Video)
b Save Thousands of Dollars by Delaying Retirement Just 5 Years
m Local Experts Weigh In On MERS Virus
t Twitter lets you avoid people with new Mute feature for iPhone and Android
e 'Muppets Most Wanted' review: Kermit, Piggy and Fozzie hit the road again in a  ...
b Fiat Chrysler to drop Dodge minivan, invest in other brands to grow sales
e The Walking Dead's Fourth Season Ends With A Bang
t Google Releases Google Play Services 5.0
m Health Highlights: March 27, 2014
b Citi to pay $7B in subprime loan settlement
b Wal-Mart Takes $5 Billion Swipe at Visa Over Processing Fees
m Salt limit suggestions for food industry moves a step in US
b Chinese tycoon feeds homeless in New York to change perceptions
m UK skin cancer rates sky rocket
t Laughing at Balmoral
t LG G3 vs Sony Xperia Z2: What's the difference?
e 'Game of Thrones' Star Kit Harington on Jon Snow's Trek Beyond the Wall
m A simple blood test could predict Alzheimer's
b Toyota Motor Corp. share price up, suspends production at two India plants due  ...
b Google, Costco and Facebook best employers: US poll
t Viral Video: Computer simulation depicts history of universe
b Issuing bank licences has nothing to do with politics: RBI
m UPDATE 2-State high court rules NYC ban on large sodas is illegal
b Hess Sells Retail Unit to Marathon for $2.6B
b 1 Stunning Number from the White House About Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac
e Paltrow spotted kissing ex six months before split with Martin
b No penalty for bank balance below minimum limit, RBI says
m French probe Schumacher medical docs theft
b Low inflation in Eurozone may lead to new monetary expansion strategy
b ETF Preview: Broad Market ETFs Mixed; Medical Counters Provide Action Amid  ...
e See 'The Bachelor' Runner Up Clare Crawley's Sexiest Photos!
t Razer Android TV games console announced
e Nirvana Shocks Fans With Secret Show After Hall of Fame Induction (VIDEO)
t Full Microsoft Office for iOS Allegedly "Ready for Release," Report Says
e Baby Girl on the Way for Robert Downey Jr.
e Beyonce congratulates Kim Kardashian and Kanye West on wedding despite  ...
b Sterling hits 5 1/2 year high as economy keeps on giving
m Officials Confirm Reports of Second US MERS Case
t Apple Bug Deletes Text Messages Sent to Android Converts
t Nasa to dispatch flying saucer
e Box office: 'Amazing Spider-Man 2' catches $8.7 million Thursday night
e Beckham's Vogue Country Garden
e Movie Roundup: 'Godzilla' Brings Monstrous $93.2M to Top Weekend Bo...
e Watch CJ Harris Sing “Whatever It Is” in American Idol 2014 Top 6 — April 23  ...
e Murray says bro, 'Bachelorette' very happy
e First 'Jurassic World' official set images feature Bryce Howard
b BNP Paribas To Pay Record $8.9 Billion Fine To U.S.
t New super-heavy element 117 'ununseptium' made in German lab
b Yep, Everyone Really Does Hate Spirit Airlines
t Former Panama dictator General Noriega suing Call of Duty makers over  ...
b LVH sign officially comes down as part of transition to Westgate
e Mila Kunis Makes First Official Appearance as Pregnant Woman!
t Apple makes IBM connection on business apps
b Geopolitical Risk Derails ECB Plan Market Awaits FOMC
m Nearly 2 million pounds of ground beef recalled
t Twitter gets a new look… it's Facebook: 'Tags' and 'shares' appear on micro  ...
b Biofuels from corn waste not better than gasoline, government study finds
t BlackBerry updates Its BBM
m Why do fat polar bears have healthy hearts?
e The Black Keys, St. Vincent are at Sprint Center in December
e Real humans take a ride on the delayed Verrückt water slide –and live
b 3 Reasons Why Medtronic's Purchase of Covidien Makes Sense
m Experts find no sign of mental illness in Oscar Pistorius
b CFM Scores USD$2 Bln BOC Engine Order
b GoPro IPO Jumps After Pricing At High End Of Range
e Stranded flier's Celine Dion video goes viral
e J.K. Rowling writes story about Harry Potter's life as an adult
e Beyonce all smiles in surf Instagram snap
t Apple Reports Q2 Revenue Of $45.6 Billion
t Apple Gives Mac OS X 10.10 (Yosemite) the iOS Treatment with Flatter Design
b Tiffany's Profit Up On Strong Demand, Despite Higher Prices
e 5 Life Lessons Learned from Maya Angelou
t Microsoft Buys Nokia Cellphone Division for $7.5 Billion
e Go Buy Vinyl!
e Paul Dempsey covers Miley Cyrus' Wrecking Ball on Triple M, nails it
t Apple eyeing Beats Electronics for $3.2 bn
e BET Awards Show | 06.30.14
b Medicare Advantage Program Standards Tightening
b Task force: blight removal to cost $850 million
b IRS warns consumers of largest phone scam ever
e Trailer Talk: 'Gone Girl' Embraces Intrigue, Ben Affleck's Career Rebirth
m Cameron calls for global action against superbugs
e Rap star Chris Brown to go on trial on April 21
t US gov't report: 'Climate disruption' has arrived, and time is running out
b Argentina's financial woes a rerun of bitter history
b Did Twitter Miss a Good Deal in $230 Million Omnicom Pact?
e Bieber posts racy video co-starring Gomez
b Lachlan Murdoch rises to the top
e Michael Jackson's Fans Mark 5th Anniversary Of Pop Icon's Death
t 900 SINs stolen from CRA
e Seth Rogen and Judd Apatow Are Pissed at This WaPo Critic Over UCSB  ...
t Man-made living materials created by scientists
e Outkast played first show in years @ Coachella (pics, full performance video  ...
t Apple Brings Recycling Effort To All Its Stores
t OnePlus One release date announced with sub £290 price
e CINCO DE MAYO: Celebrations date to 1862
b Nasdaq posts biggest drop since November 2011
e Taylor Swift Calls Off Bangkok Show After Coup
e Will There Be a Game of Thrones Movie?
b Unemployment in Rochester Down From This Time Last Year
b Medtronic Plans $43B Acquisition, Will Relocate HQ
m Medicare payments to doctors made public
b China demands Malaysia turn over satellite data on MH370 jetliner
e Lena Dunham Slammed By Joan Rivers For Not Caring About Her Body Image  ...
e 'Girl Meets World' News: Riley And Lucas The 'New' Cory And Topanga On 'Boy  ...
b Open Phones on Flash Boys
b No Change in Mortgage Rates at Chase, BMO Harris Wednesday Apr 16
t Google to unveil new television set-top box, WSJ reports
b Box Becomes Latest High-Flying Young Company to File for Secret IPO
t Amazon Teases Possible Set-Top Box Reveal for April 2
e Selena Gomez tattoos 'Love Yourself First' on her back
e Is Pic of 13-Year-Old Willow Smith Laying On Bed Inappropriate? [PIC]
b Emotional, violent protests a year after Bangladesh disaster
e Lisa Minnelli's Rep Sent Shia LaBeouf 'Cabaret' DVD 'To Find Out How It Ends'
e Beyoncé, Jay-Z set July date in Winnipeg
e N. Korea declares 'war' on Rogen, Franco movie | USA NOW
t Gas in Rhode Island up to highest price of year
t Nearly 400 million people can use I m a Voter feature Facebook
b Eurozone PMI hits six month low
b Brent Slips Below $110 On Supply Increase
m Report: Women 60 years or older have one in six chance of getting Alzheimer's  ...
b US economy still struggling to recover
t Peter Vidani: Why Tumblr Continues To Thrive
t Local gas prices higher than state average
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West release new family wedding pictures
b US stocks rise on data, mergers news; Dow up 0.42%
t Microsoft CEO pivots sharply with 18000 layoffs
b Crunching the Numbers on Bank Earnings Season: JP Morgan, Wells Fargo, Citi
t Fish And Wildlife Service Conducts 5-Year Status Reviews Of 33 Southeastern  ...
t Mozilla kills 'Metro' Windows 8 Firefox plans, claims interest has been 'pretty flat'
m Doctors' group says healthy women don't need regular pelvic exams
b Day after plunge, stocks lower
e Blues legend Winter dies in Swiss hotel room
m Resveratrol in red wine, chocolate, grapes not associated with improved health
b Jet magazine to stop printing magazines, transform into digital magazine app
e Kim Kardashian Has Discovered Racism Even Though It's Always Been Here
b What Does the Future of Bitcoin Look Like for E-Commerce?
e Boston Rapper Benzino Shot During Mother's Funeral Procession
t Unicode Consortium announces 250 new emoji characters, ethnic diversity not  ...
e 'Game of Thrones': The Epic Fan Experience
m Sunscreen SPF claims may not be reliable
e Ryan Gosling joins Matt Smith at Cannes Film Festival to promote his directorial  ...
b Kraft recalls cottage cheese citing illness risk
e 'Lindsay' recap: Sobriety, Oprah Winfrey and parking tickets
e Chipotle bags will now contain 'words and whimsy' from Toni Morrison, Malcolm  ...
e Mila Kunis reunites with Ashton Kutcher onscreen for 'Two and a Half Men' guest  ...
t Google Lambasted For Building 'Digital Superstate'
t Antarctica is Losing Twice as Much Ice as it was During Previous Survey: Sea  ...
t Facebook's Emotion Study May Have Broken UK Data Protection Laws
b London's jobless rate goes unchanged in July
e Seen the viral '20 strangers asked to kiss' video? Good. Now imagine 20 things  ...
t ComScore: iPhone is number one smartphone for US marketshare
e Game of Dragons
e Miley Cyrus - Miley Cyrus refuses to perform on 'The Voice'
e First Look At Jamie Dornan's Christian Grey In Fifty Shades Of Grey
t Ball State researchers play major role keeping astronauts healthy
t Revealed: Secret of mysterious light in Mars photo
e Bachelorette 2014 Episode 8 Ratings: Did People Tune In For Hometown Dates?
e Justin Bieber Reveals His Marriage Proposal Plans (PHOTO)
e The Incredibles 2 Third Cars Film at Pixar Announced by Disney
e Corvette museum likely to keep part of sinkhole
e 'The Voice' Season 6 Winner: 5 Fun Facts About Josh Kaufman
b Casino Applications Are "All In"
b China's Vast 'Shadow Banking' Sector Valued at $4.4 tn
e How I Met Your Mother Season 9 Final Episodes Spoiler: Creator Hints At Guest  ...
m Tampering Forces Massive Alli Recall
e Miley Cyrus Rebounds Up Social 50
b Target Could Be The Next Victim Of A Leadership Void In Retailing
b Stocks edge up near record; euro off on ECB bets
e Shaun White Makes Fan's Dream Come True By Crashing Her Prom
e Chris Brown Gets More Jail Time For Violating Parole
b Euro Breaks Away From Stocks on ECB Stimulus: Chart of the Day
b Citigroup Said to Lend $1.5 Billion to Its NYC Landlord
e The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back  ...
e Angelina Jolie
b Bitcoins are property not currency, says US Internal Revenue Service
e Superhero Bits: Fantastic Four, Daredevil, Y The Last Man, Amazing Spider-Man  ...
b Spain Slips Into Deflation
e Hollywood actors read mean tweets for Kimmel skit
t AT&T Adds HTC One(R) (M8) to Industry Leading Device Portfolio and the  ...
e Watch first 'Hunger Games: Mockingjay -- Part 1' trailer
b Gas prices nearly 40 cents cheaper than a month ago
e Lorde Performs 'Tennis Court' and 'Team' at 2014 MuchMusic Video Awards  ...
e Tom Hanks to re-team with Steven Spielberg on Cold War thriller
t Best of the Supermoon around the US
t Creepy or cool? Japan's robots more human-like than ever
m Saudi Arabia revises number of MERS cases upward
b Job growth accelerating
e 'Bachelorette' Contestant Killed in Paragliding Accident
t Google Chromecast goes on sale in UK
t Not in our lifetime? Think again
t Hotter climate could turn sea turtles all-girl
e Out of the Woods: New Jersey Boy Scouts Rescue Ann Curry
b SOMERSET COUNTY: United Way might be able to help with last-minute tax filing
e 'Galaxy' is giddy, but not too good
b Tax Day Deadline: Boston Post Office Open Until Midnight
b Editorial | Con view: Ending tax breaks for super-rich can make tax day fun for  ...
b Nissan profit rises on strong sales, cheap yen
t Airbag crisis to spell demise for Takata?
e Review: 'Heaven Is for Real' heartfelt but dull
t Banks told to address Heartbleed Bug
m West Nile aerial spraying starts tonight in areas south of downtown Sacramento
t Dragonfly hackers target 1000 Western energy firms, industrial control systems
m Senate slams Oz over supplements
m Community pulls campus all-nighter to fight cancer
e 'Game of Thrones': Let's talk about sex
e Bill O'Reilly claims Stephen Colbert is damaging America
t Wireless firms put up more 'stealth' towers
b Walmart Adds Organic Foods to Its List of Cheap Groceries
b MH370: Data Released Concerning Missing Malaysian Plane Raises More  ...
t Arctic warming weakens jet streams, cold less extreme in US
t Google linked to $1bn acquisition of video game site Twitch
e 10 things to know for today
t Twitter Appoints IPO Banker Noto as New CFO
b Gold prices dip
e American Idol 2014 Spoilers: Top 9 Elimination Results Live Recap
m Mental health: An ingenious new plan
b Herbalife faces FTC investigation
t YouTube Flagging, Free OneNote, Apple Chat Support, Street View Hack [Tech  ...
t Facebook data is sought to aid crime probes
t July 16 2014 1:49 PM
e Webb's TV Tuesday: Steph Talks to Billy Bob Thornton About "FARGO" on F/X
b Consumer income, spending, savings rose slightly in Feb.
b NY Attorney General to sue Barclays over 'dark pool' greed
t New Google Glass models ship with twice as much RAM, larger battery
b ECB's Low Rate Stance Weighs on Euro ETF
b Family Dollar to cut job, shut 370 stores to boost performance
b ECB Feels Pressure as Eurozone Inflation Hits Four Year Low
e New Cast, Plot Details: Megan Fox And Johnny Knoxville Star In 'Teenage  ...
e Ansonia churches commemorate crucifixion of Jesus Christ with 'Way of the Cross'
b Poll: Many Americans Unaware of Health Care Law Deadline
e Abortion Counselor Emily Letts Documents Her Own Abortion, Receives  ...
e 5 Things You Need To Know Before Seeing 'X-Men: Days Of Future Past'
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Wedding Drama: Ray J's Wedding Gift – Profits  ...
e Broadway to Dim Its Lights Tomorrow Night In Memory of Acclaimed Actress and  ...
e Cyrus hospitalised, cancels US concert
t Google shows off Android Auto, wearables at I/O event
m India should help other countries to eradicate polio: Pranab
b Growth strengthening in advanced economies, OECD says, despite temporary  ...
t Why the iPhone 6 Makes Apple, Inc. Stock Undervalued
b MARKET SNAPSHOT: U.S. Stock Gains Capped By Selling Of Techs
e Catching Up With Tate Taylor
t Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 10.1 vs Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro 8.4 – Specifications  ...
e Battle Of The Queens! Game Of Thrones' Emilia Clarke In One Corner & Lena  ...
b Non-Distressed Sales Account for 89 Percent of all California Home Closings in  ...
e Justin Bieber + Chris Brown Collaborate On New Track
t Google Makes Gmail Encryption Mandatory for Spy-Free Service
e Movie review: Kinnear keeps faith-based 'Heaven' grounded
b Entwistle to step aside as Telus CEO, president but remain as executive  ...
t Tim Cook Slams New Book on Apple
e Pink Floyd Fans, Exhale. New Album Releases This October
t Nest Labs resuming sales of troubled smoke detector at 23 per cent discount  ...
b Crude oil prices fall on easing fears over supply disruption
b Unilever plc Drops As Emerging Markets Continue To Slow
e ENTERTAINMENT in brief
e Bachelorette contestant Eric Hill dies three days after paragliding accident
e Casey Kasem was an island of calm in swirl of pop music
b Janet Yellen hails Ben Bernanke's courage in crisis
b Euro zone inflation flat in June
e From life as a wild child to proud mother of two boys
e The Killing Season 4 Trailer: Holder vs. Linden!
m Norovirus Affects Millions
e After Bachelorhood And Pet Pigs: Is George Ready To Be A Daddy?
e MTV 2014 Movie Awards: Margot Robbie, Chris Hemsworth miss out
b Nathan Andrada – Fourth Estate Cooperative Contributor
e 'Game of Thrones' Recap: Long Live The King
e Andre Johnson: 5 Fast Facts You Need to Know
t Google launches Android Wear for smartwatches
t TiVo Roamio Review: Intuitive DVR for Cord Cutters
t Archaeologists discover world's oldest human feces in Spain
t GM To Recall Over 500000 Chevrolet Camaro Models Affected By Ignition  ...
e George Clooney engaged?
m 'Bionic pancreas' astonishes diabetes researchers
e Kardashian, Kanye wed in Florence fortress
b Lewis-Katsuyama-O'Brien Rumble Just the Beginning: Opening Line
b Obamacare's prognosis grows dimmer
e Bey unveils wedding footage at concert
m The 5 Skin Cancer Mistakes We All Make
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Active just got a 'Sport'-y new name on Sprint
b UPDATE 2-Tesco to step up price cuts as CEO defies pressure to quit
b Malaysia Airlines plane search: British yachtswoman 'saw MH370 on fire'
e Nick Cannon's 'SAVED' Hat — Talking About Split From Mariah Carey?
b Dow ends above 17000 on upbeat jobs report
e Singer Glen Campbell Reportedly Is Moved to Alzheimer's Care Facility
e Levar Burton trying to bring back Reading Rainbow - WSLS 10 NBC in Roanoke  ...
b China moves illegal oil rig to new area, still in Vietnam's waters
e Boy's story of 'Heaven' lacks divine inspiration
t TTU professor lead author in White House climate report
b UK unemployment falls below 7 percent as earnings growth outstrips inflation  ...
m FDA warns aspirin may not be for everyone
b Candy Crush brings IPO market back to earth
b GoPro to GoPublic
e 'Transformers' reboot
e CELEBRITY NEWS: VANESSA AND NICK LACHEY EXPECTING!
b Flipkart acquires Myntra to invest USD 100 million in fashion business
t Google Buys Drone Maker Titan Aerospace, Plans to Spread the Web
e Teen Arrested After Tweeting Terror Threat to American Airlines
t Documents detail another delayed recall
b Missing Malayasia Airlines MH370: China sends special envoy to Malaysia
t Mozilla pulls the plug on 'Metro' mode Firefox browser for Windows 8
t iPhone 6: OIS at last with “Super Resolution Mode”
b Starbucks Dips Toe into the Burger Business
m Marijuana Study is One Step Closer to being Approved
t Internet Association voices concerns about FCC's net neutrality proposal
e Zendaya pulls out of Aaliyah biopic
b Emirates finalises order for 150 Boeing planes worth USD 56 bn
e Jon Favreau's Food Porn
e With Christina Chong, Star Wars Cast Grows Ever More Diverse
t Apple says 43 million iPhones and 16 million iPads were sold in the last quarter
e 2 young new stars to play lead in Star Wars sequel
b Google still top pick for Wall Street
e Jared Leto Puts Justin Bieber to Shame, Shows Off a Serious Hair Flip at MTV  ...
e 'Game Of Thrones' Actor Is Retiring After Sunday Night's Episode
t Facebook Connectivity Drones to Give Wifi to Remote Areas
t Journalists wooed with FB Newswire
b Flight 370 search chief: Hunt for plane is the most difficult in - 12 News KBMT  ...
t Samsung to pay Apple $120 million for infringements
e Double Date? Khloe Kardashian And French Montana Join Kourtney And Scott  ...
b Piketty's book on capitalism presents policy challenge
b SolarCity Agrees To Acquire Silevo - Quick Facts
e Game of Thrones season 4, episode 7 preview: Mockingbird synopsis, trailer
e 100000 party at Israel gay parade, area's biggest
e Big Bang Negotiations Could Delay 8th Season
e Drake pulls out of Wireless Festival shows in London and Birmingham due to  ...
m How sweet it is: Honey guidelines and the future of bees
e Katy Perry as CUPCAKE KATY on View at the National Portrait Gallery, 6/18
e George R.R. Martin explains the army north of the wall in Game of Thrones finale
b Premarket: Reassuring Fed gets markets off to solid quarterly start
t Apple-Samsung Jury Reaffirms $120 Million Patent Verdict
e Zendaya Explains Why She Dropped Out of Lifetime's Aaliyah Biopic
e BBC Says Sherlock Will Return With a Special and 3 New Episodes
e Adam Richman's Show Gets Pulled After Instagram Battle
b Chrysler Fiat forecasts double-digit growth in all four of its regions
t June 27, 2014, 10:03 pm
e Kim Kardashian: Anna Wintour Explains Vogue Cover
t Americans lack science knowledge
b Moody's: Emerging market economies rise in rank; China to lead by year-end
e Brussels Jewish museum shooter to be extradited to Belgium
e Why It Would Be A Disaster If The Supreme Court Banned Aereo
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S to be QHD AMOLED tablet with fingerprint sensor?
e RECAP: Mad Men Watch: “Waterloo”
m Low back pain a major global disability
e This is the New Batmobile from Batman vs. Superman
m Study finds friends are genetically similar
b Redskins' 'disparaging' trademark canceled by patent office
b Daily Gold Report
b USD/JPY regains 101.00
b Japan should not be a nuclear playground
e Standup comic John Pinette dead at 50
e Insane Clown Posse lawsuit over FBI report calling fans a 'gang' dismissed by  ...
b Gas price for China will be well above $350 – Gazprom Export
e Dave Brockie, frontman 'Oderus Urungus' for heavy metal band GWAR, found  ...
b Obama Administration Extends ACA Sign-Ups For Some
e 'Sons of Anarchy' Season 7 Release Date & Spoilers: 'Semi-Naked' Chibs  ...
e Dancing with the Stars: Which celebrity was sent home?
e DANCING WITH THE STARS: RICKY MARTIN PERFORMS AND JUDGES
t Panel Shows Who's Responsible For CO2 Emissions
t Google Renews Battle With the NSA by Open Sourcing Email Encryption Tool
m Bearded dragons seen as salmonella source
e Bryan Singer sex abuse claim 'absurd'
m Two dead, three quarantined as MERS fears build in Indonesia
e Oculus movie review: Well-crafted and intriguing
b Bank of America Beats Expectations, but Litigation Costs Still Haunt Them
t AT&T to charge $10/month for LTE-equipped GM vehicles on shared data plans
t Twitch For The Xbox One Is Live
e The Walking Dead: new season 4 finale posters
m Thousands of Arizonans at Risk of Losing ACA Health Coverage
b Most U.S. banks pass 'stress test'
e Lady Gaga Can't Keep Her Clothes On! Star Strips For Fans At Second  ...
e Supreme Court Watchers Examine Justices' Comments For Insights Into What  ...
t LG G3 Release Date Information at a Glance
e Why Game of Thrones' big twist is a little sad
b AstraZeneca shares are up 14pc in a week. Should I sell?
e How Our Dumb Celebrity Media Covered Lindsay Lohan's Miscarriage  ...
t American Lung Association: Air quality improved, slightly
e Adele Teases New Album '25′ With Cryptic Tweet
b Addressing critics of Homestead Credit
t Valley gasoline prices up
e Melissa Harris-Perry: Abramson Confirmed Firing Was 'Personal,' 'Gender Biased'
m West Hartford Teen To Return To Her Family
b Wal-Mart will soon accept video game trade-ins
m State urges action to avoid West Nile virus
t See 'Stunning' Fireball in the Sky Caught on Camera
e Video: Miley Cyrus grieves on stage for dog
e Draft Day Review: Trouble with the End Zone
t Google extends Android for use in wearable devices
e Bobby Womack, R&B Singer-Songwriter, Dies At 70 [VIDEO]
e The Hunger Games cleans up, Zac Efron goes shirtless and other winners at the  ...
b Apple Said To Be In Talks To Acquire Beats For $3.2 Billion
e Full List of 2014 Tony Award Nominations Announced
e Eli Wallach, enduring character actor, dies at 98
t Facebook share price: Company asks EU for review of WhatsApp takeover
t Another Huge Facebook Acquisition: Oculus for Virtual Reality
b Inflation strays from the glide path
e Johnny Depp takes big step backward in 'Transcendence'
e 'I'm sure you guys smoke weed and take pills' Miley Cyrus salutes drugs in teeny  ...
b JPMorgan's Dimon has cancer, cancels Greece visit
m Squamish's Relay for Life cancelled
t Why Microsoft (MSFT) Stock Is Up Today
b China defiant over Vietnam sea row
e President Snow's address gets interrupted in new 'Mockingjay' teaser
e Selena and Justin get back together
b NY Attorney General Eric Schneiderman sues Barclays
e The Leftovers
e Reports: Jets were almost part of Draft Day movie
e Khloe Kardashian Refuses Lamar Odom's Calls
e Scandal Star Columbus Short Real Life Arrest Scandal - Even Olivia Pope Can't  ...
e 'Bachelorette' Andi Dorfman and the rejects weigh in on final 2 Nick Viall and  ...
b Boeing's quarterly revenue rises 8 pct
e The 20 Most Anticipated Films Of The Tribeca Film Festival 2014
t Microsoft trims Surface Pro 2 prices ahead of Surface Pro 3 availability
b Sky Europe: A force to be reckoned with?
e Rapper Eve weds fiancé Maximillion Cooper in Ibiza
t Samsung Galaxy K Zoom price and release theory
t Google and online privacy
b BP oil spill affected half-mile of Lake Michigan, EPA says
b Emirates cancels its A350XWB order
e New 'Transformers Age of Extinction' ...
b Euro Inflation Hits 5-Year Low
t T-Rex Successfully Arrives in DC, Droves of Visitors Pack Natural History Museum
t Toyota Motor Corp to sell fuel-cell vehicle by end-March 2015 in Japan
e Paul Mazursky, director and screenwriter was 84
b Plutocrat manipulates stock? Old news!
b NAHB: US Homebuilder Sentiment Hits Six-Month High In July
e Casey Kasem dies at 82
b Highway Trust Fund running out of money, Obama warns
m Could Ebola come to the United States?
e Is Zara's striped 'Holocaust' pyjamas the most insensitive thing you've ever seen?
t Samsung launches four low cost Galaxy smartphones with Android 4.4 KitKat
e Kevin Bacon Congratulates James Gunn On Guardians Of The Galaxy
t Google's Sundar Pichai Explains Some of the Huge News From This Year's  ...
e WATCH: Chris Rock mocks Jay Z and Solange at the BET Awards 2014!
b Etihad rescues crippled Alitalia; buys 49% stake
t Microsoft expected to announce major round of job cuts
b Court backs EPA rules
e First Trailer For Michael Bay's Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Live-Action Film  ...
b Why Shares of The Hillshire Brands Company Soared
e Part one of Mad Men's final season has to go out with a moonshot, right?
t Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA): The Plan To Share Patents?
m Ohio mumps outbreak: Spreading from campus to community
e Khloe Kardashian's beau French Montana pleads guilty to driving his Rolls  ...
t Elon Musk Aims For Humans On Mars By 2026
e 'November Man': Pierce Brosnan bonds with another spy in tasty thriller
t Standalone Apps Finally Making their way to Android Wear
e Bruce Springsteen, Carrie Underwood to perform for 2014 Rock and Roll Hall of  ...
t Report: Apple to Buy Talk Show Streaming Service
b Stock futures eke out gains
e 'Begin Again' worth seeing more than 'Once'
b Novartis shares rally after deal with GSK, Lilly
t California Senate Approves Statewide Smartphone Kill Switch
t Ford Cuts Fuel Economy Rating for 6 Vehicles
e Carabiner eyed in Rhode Island circus accident; 2 critical
m CDC says 1 in 25 patients catch infection in hospitals, 75k deaths in 2011
b Euro rate on Forex market is recharging the least of May, as they informed in  ...
t Are these oarfish in Mexico predicting an earthquake? Tourists film TWO live  ...
e Former KISS Member Peter Criss Say He Doesn't Hate Jews
b Debuting in 1963, this clown is nothing to laugh it
b Oil slips below $104 as Libya set to boost exports
b China factory activities improve in June: HSBC
b Market falls, ending two-day spree, as biotech and Internet stocks tumble
t GM halts trading amid recall for another 8.4 million vehicles
e Kanye's Giving Kim Burger King as a Wedding Present
b US plane in Iran operated by Ghana: Tehran
b It's Finally Happening: Men's Wearhouse Will Buy Jos. A. Bank For $1.8 Billion
t Now you can (sort of) travel through time on Google Maps
b Asian stocks rise in abbreviated trading
b Taiwan beefs up prized Spratlys outpost with barely a peep from China
t OnePlus 'Smash Challenge' Now Adds an Option to Donate
t Google Self Driving Cars update shows huge strides in road autonomy
e Amazon Prime Music Is Solid, But No Spotify
m How polar bears stay fat but healthy: It's all in the genes
e Meadow Walker 'Driven Away by Rebecca McBrain Drinking'
e I Don't Care What Happens to Don. I Care What Happens to Matthew Weiner.
t NASA To Test “Flying Saucer”
e VIDEO: Sneak Peek- Get a Glimpse of Emotional LINDSAY Series Finale
t Antarctic Ice Continues to Grow Despite Global Warming Theories
b Peltz Joins Mike Mayo in Pushing for BNY Mellon Shakeup
b Putin, Prices And Purchases The Order Of The Week
t California State Senate Passes Cell Phone Kill Switch Legislation
e Jay Z & Beyonce RUN Trailer Released, Sadly Does Not Feature Solange
m Encouraging Results from New Drug in Stalling Cancer Growth
e Families head to North Korea to visit graves
e Diane Sawyer to Step Down as ABC's “World News” Anchor
t Some SeaWorld mammals survive longer in captivity (video)
b US new-home sales likely rose in March
t China building SUPERSONIC SUBMARINE that travels in a BUBBLE
b Posted by Muhammad Iqbal
e The People Vs. George Lucas Getting A Sequel
m Blood Test Can Spot Alzheimer's Years Early
t Eight key features of Apple's latest software, iOS 8
b Employment: 32 states trail US as a whole in recovery
e Kris Jenner 'sends Rob to fat camp'
e Robin Thicke Made A Huge Mistake Agreeing To A VH1 Twitter Q&A
t Mazda recalls 42000 cars that are vulnerable to damage by … spiders
e Watch: Keira Knightley and Hailee Steinfeld in First Trailer for John Carney's  ...
b Michaels confirms nationwide data breach affecting Wisconsin
m If you want to fight germs, make a fist
b New York Times tries to calm the newsroom post-Abramson (NYT)
m Ways to cut your colon cancer risk
t Vandenberg launches carbon dioxide measuring satellite
m Confidence in cruising is sinking, shows poll
e The 'Girl Meets World' Trailer Is Here, And It's Everything We Hoped It Would Be  ...
t Antarctic Ice Melt Rate Doubled Since 2010, ESA Study Finds
b Cramer: Is Dow 17000 the bull's last stop?
t Windows Phone's Cortana taps Foursquare to suggest nearby places of interest
t Android users at risk of Heartbleed bug
m These songs are the first tracks a deaf woman ever heard
b Sina Weibo Debuts in New York's Nasdaq on April 17, IPO Aims to Raise $340  ...
b Next up at Starbucks: digital tips
b China HSBC/Markit PMI Rises In June
b Geithner Recounts Standing at Big Sur Cliff Edge as Crisis Grew
e Who Was Your Favorite Performer at the 2014 Billboard Music Awards? (POLL)
b Gazprom, OMV Sign Pact on South Stream Gas Pipe
t VIDEO: Google Launches An Instagram Account
e Stefani To Join 'The Voice'
t Judge on Apple Settlement: Not So Fast
t Surprise: New, Cheaper iMac Takes a Performance Hit
t Apple v Samsung: Court Forces Samsung to Pay $119 Million for Patent  ...
e Bottoms up: Starbucks will add alcohol at thousands of urban coffeeshops
b Telus Names Joe Natale CEO as Entwistle Steps Aside
t PS4 Claims Top Sales Spot for Third Month in a Row
b The Home Depot Inc (NYSE:HD) – The Home Depot's (HD) CEO Frank Blake on  ...
e Marvel's 'Agents of SHIELD' Ratings Post Surprise Drop -- But Don't Write It Off Yet
t NY judge approves Toyota-US deal, $1.2 billion penalty
b Lisa Madigan files lawsuits targeting student loan debt 'scams'
e Seth MacFarlane pledges to match 'Reading Rainbow' Kickstarter campaign funds
t What Apple didn't tell you today
t U.S. safety agency probes clutches on older Ram pickup trucks
b Dre Rap can be the richest man after Apple's $3.2B beats buy
t Just TWO climate committee MPs contradict IPCC: The two with SCIENCE degrees
t Microsoft surprised by Chinese Windows 8 ban
t Google turns users into sleazy salespeople with paid Google Apps referrals
b Jeff Bezos Says Amazon Is Seriously Serious About Drone Deliveries
t How to turn light into matter discovered
b In brief | Nation & World, March 11, 2014
e Juan Pablo Disses [Spoiler] After Sending Her Home
m Health Ministry: No Ebola cases in Romania
e 17 minutes ago Rare Superman comic book fetches record $3.2M
e Mrs. Doubtfire Sequel: Actually in the Works!
e Kendall Jenner Is Full Of Praise Over Sister's Kim Kardashian Vogue Cover With  ...
e Clint Eastwood Shows Off His Musical Chops in First 'Jersey Boys' Trailer (Video)
b Do you tip your Starbucks barista? Now there's an app for that, too
b Crude oil trading outlook: WTI and Brent futures headed for big weekly gains  ...
t Nintendo refuses to include same-sex relationships in upcoming video game
e An Actual Excerpt Proving George RR Martin Is Working On Game Of Thrones
b Murdoch expected to keep courting Time Warner
e Zac Efron goes shirtless at MTV Movie Awards
b E-book buyers to get credits this week as part of $166 million settlement
t Want to know a Facebook friend's relationship status? Now you can 'Ask' (+video)
m Guinea Says 59 People Have Died In Ebola Outbreak
t Google building car with no steering wheel, pedals
b As summer nears, gas prices stay stable
t Microsoft expected to slash jobs this week: report
e Watch: St. Vincent covers Nirvana's "Lithium"
e Shia LeBeouf chased a homeless guy around the streets of New York over a hat
e Levine, Hasbro executive who helped create GI Joe, dies at 86
e Is it really about “Mad Men” at all? Is “Fargo” about Fargo?
b USDA: Kansas Crop Progress and Condition Report May 19, 2014
b VIDEO: BMW's $1 Billion Plant Surfs Mexican Investment Wave
b Claustrophobic for Cash: Box Looks Boxed In
e Sherri Shepherd, Jenny McCarthy Leaving "The View"
b Gasoline prices poised to rise
e How Will 'X-Men: Days Of Future Past' Do At The Box Office?
b Ousted American Apparel CEO Dov Charney Fires Back In SEC Filing
m Chittenden Vermont's healthiest county, according to report that finds inequality  ...
e Rob Kardashian to move in with sister Khloe?
b Dollar range bound below ¥102.50 in Tokyo
m Got migraines? The FDA has a headband for you
e Jason Momoa to Play Aquaman in the 'Batman vs. Superman: Dawn of Justice  ...
t VIDEO: Apple's IOS 7.1 Lands With CarPlay, Improved Fingerprint Scanner
t HTC One (M8) Ace Sighted in New Leak
m Two US Companies Recall Walnuts, Hummus Over Possible Listeria
b GM to invest $12 bln in China and plans more plants
e Prince Harry enjoyed 'holiday for young lovers' says trip organiser
m Govt races against time in MERS-CoV tracking
t Netflix Agrees to Pay Verizon for Peering Two Months After Comcast Deal
e What's She Up To Now? Lindsay Lohan Dons A Wedding Dress After Alleged  ...
t Windows 8.2: release date, features and free cloud version
t Facebook adds new feature for finding 'Nearby Friends'
t Play Store Gets "Made In Australia" Category To Show Off Locally Made Apps
e Hollywood legend Mickey Rooney dies
e 'Sex Tape': Film Review
t Tesla installs fire shields under Model S
m Friends share similarities in their DNA: study
e TV Baftas 2014: Olivia Colman wins Best Actress for Broadchurch
b Stocks Take a Breather as Small Caps Dip; Are U.S. Assets Pricey?
t Can A Harley Be A Harley Without All The Noise? Company Introduces Its First  ...
t 'Totalitarian temptation' seen in persecution of reporters, former Mozilla CEO  ...
e Why Lindsay Lohan Made the Sex List
e 'Weird Al' Yankovic Debuts 'Blurred Lines' Parody 'Word Crimes' [VIDEO]
b UK's AztraZeneca snubs sweetened takeover offer from Pfizer
t Rubik's Cube now turns 40,Google plays with a doodle
e The Normal Heart Would Have Made Me Cry Even if It Weren't Totally Great
e Movie review: Jolie makes 'Maleficent' a fun hero-villain
t PS4 Defeats Xbox One Again
e 'Game of Thrones': Anyone Seen Any Good Kings Around Here?
e Angelina Jolie gets prize almost as good as Oscar
t Amazon has launched an “sort of 3D” smartphone that always knows where you  ...
e Rolf Harris caged: Pervert exploited clean-cut reputation
b Fannie and Freddie Phase Out 'Shocking,' Real Estate Experts Say
t Like this? Facebook rolls out location-sharing feature
t Iraq situation impacting gas prices
b Indian Ecommerce Giant Flipkart Buys Fashion E-tailer Myntra To Fight  ...
e Book Review: “The Fault in Our Stars”
t Google's HTC built 8.9-inch aluminum zero-gap Nexus 9 revealed ahead of I/O  ...
b A Billionaire, a Nanny, and a Banker Walk Into a Bar…
e Click here for story
e Kanye West & Kim Kardashian Rumoured Wedding Untrue
e Brian Williams and friends rap 'Gin and Juice'
e 'Godzilla' makers to launch sequel
t Snapchat settles with FTC over not-so-disappearing act
e Drake In Disguise Gets People To Diss Drake -- And We Can't Stop Laughing
e Box Office: 'Transformers 4' Nabs $100M Weekend
e '50 Shades of Grey' trailer is most-watched of 2014; amasses over 36 million views
e Mad Men Recap: Welcome to the Beginning of the End
e 'Game Of Thrones' Season 4 Spoilers: Champions, Death, Sex And More In New  ...
e Chris Martin Makes Major Statement About Divorce From Gwyneth
e Bradley Cooper Is A "Master Manipulator"?! Someone Who Knows Him VERY  ...
t Seti Astronomers Tell Congress: We Are Not Alone In Universe: Video
m 'Bionic pancreas' shows promise for diabetes treatment
e L'Wren Scott's Representative Calls Reports of Financial Problems 'Extremely  ...
m Oral drug holds promise to eradicate deadly measles
t Heartbleed: Eight Tips and Strategies for Keeping Safe
b Refinancing a Home: Why or Why Not?
e Uneven Divergent better as romance than dystopian thriller, but Shailene  ...
e We Come Here to Praise Craig Ferguson, Not to Bury Him
b Gold down half a percentage point, physical market slow
e Miley Cyrus Cancels Another Concert ... So Sorry, St. Louis!
b Permit push in pause period
t China moves closer to developing supersonic submarine: report
t Samsung kicks off infringement case against Apple with FaceTime claim
b Chrysler recalls Fiat 500L models to fix knee air bags
m Four More Deaths Reported From MERS
t Boulder's NIST helped facilitate groundbreaking Big Bang discovery
m FDA decision regarding MannKnd delayed
b Target names Brian Cornell chairman and CEO
b Options available as tax deadline nears
m Iowa women dyes scarves to raise cancer awareness
e The Shortlist for May 8
t Apple's Steve Jobs: 'TV Is A Terrible Business'
t Court reverses conviction of US 'security hacker'
b GE Deal gives France controlling stake in Alstom
t Apple Inc. And IBM Partnership Benefits Both Parties: Analysts
t Denisovan DNA gives Tibetans a high-altitude advantage
e Where In The World Are Kim Kardashian & Kanye West? Why,Off On ANOTHER  ...
e Lena Dunham Flaunts Shocking Beauty Taboo on New 'Glamour' Cover (PHOTO)
b Several issues yet to be addressed in Irish banking system - ECB warns
e Caleb Johnson: “Maybe I'm Amazed” by Paul McCartney - American Idol Top 2  ...
b Analysts Forecast Best Auto Sales Since 2006
e Lost Andy Warhol art recovered from 1980's Amiga floppy disks
t Twitter crashes for second time in nine days
e Rolf Harris hid behind 'happy-go-lucky persona'
b Amazon's Prime Initiative Is More Powerful Than You Think
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Review: 5 Opinions of the Flagship Smartphone
e Watch: 'Ideals are peaceful, history is violent', says Brad Pitt in the new trailer for  ...
e More NZ women in Harris abuse claims
e New Rift in Demi Lovato & Selena Gomez's Friendship
b Bulgaria president denies banking crisis
b Jessica Alba's Honest Company Worth Nearly $1 Billion
e BRITTANY MURPHY POISONED ISSUE RESURFACES AFTER ANNOUNCING  ...
b Cyprus's int'l lenders expect lower recession than originally projected
e Little Nell in Aspen a James Beard Award finalist for its wine program
e In the news
t Heartbleed Bug: Mumsnet member data accessed
e Seth Rogen, Judd Apatow respond to critic
e Bieber makes surprise appearance at SXSW; dedicates song to Gomez
e Coldplay tops Billboard chart with year's best sales week
e Memorable week 3 in the ballroom on Dancing With The Stars
t Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 (2014) Coming To T-Mobile In June
m UPDATE: 1st US MERS patient could leave hospital soon
t 'MLB 14 The Show' PS4 Graphics Look Fantastic in Dramatic First Trailer [VIDEO]
b Dow closes down 317 points in late-day plunge
t Canadian Police make first Heartbleed-related arrest
e Nonprofit gives job opportunities to homeless
t APPLE NEWS: Apple to Buy Beats Electronics for $3.2-BAPPLE NEWS: Apple to  ...
b Toyota FQ4 net profit slips 5.4%
e L'Wren Scott dead at 49: Designer's luxury life caught on Instagram
e Shailene Woodley's 'Divergent': The Reviews Are In
e Lena Dunham says she may quit acting after Girls ends
b SAC Renames Itself Point72
m Study finds number of children with autism in Arkansas has more than doubled  ...
e Hicks: 'Divergent' follows 'The Hunger Games' formula for success
e Rapper Eve Marries Maximillion Cooper
e 'The Notebook' 10-Year Anniversary: Ryan Gosling Hated Ex-Girlfriend Rachel  ...
m Bark for Life in Woodhaven to raise funds for American Cancer Society
m Paying for the Future of Medicine
b The Taxation Of Bitcoin Won't Mean That Bitcoin Fails As A Currency
t New Earth? Similar-sized planet found in 'habitable' zone
e American Idol Season 13 Final 2 Live Performance Show recap
e Dawn of the Planet of the Apes review: The film deserves an Oscar
e Harris faces fresh allegations and jail
e CJ Harris sings 'American Woman' on American Idol Top 6 Live Shows April 23  ...
b Singapore Press Holdings outperforms muted Singapore index
b Credit Suisse Pleads Guilty To Helping US Tax Evaders
t New data suggests the iPhone 5C has been a disaster
e 'How I Met Your Mother': The Legend Is Complete
b US stock futures barely budge on Wall Street
t Here are all the details about the One (M8) UK availability
e Pharrell Williams Named New Coach For Season 7 Of NBC's 'The Voice'
e Stacy Keibler Marries Jared Pobre
t Google Building Self-Driving Cars Without Steering Wheels
e Collingwood's Collus president gets doused for ALS
b Crafts retailer Michaels raises $473 million in IPO: NYT
e Picasso's 'The Blue Room' masterpiece hides hidden painting underneath
e 'Sherlock' Might Return To The BBC For A Christmas Special In 2015
t Why Tesla Opened Its Patents To The Public & How It May Help The Stock
b Dow, S&P 500 End at Records; Apple, Google Drag on Nasdaq
b Why 'Amazon meets ComiXology' could be a great crossover
b EBay, Icahn talk smack
e Lindsay Lohan Keeps It Pretty Tame And Lovely For Terry Richardson
t Airbag problems results in millions of recalls
m Study links excessive drinking to death
b Toyota suspends India auto production amid labour unrest
t Motorola Moto 360 teased yet again in official Google I/O hands-on video
m 'Potential game-changer:' Blood test predicts Alzheimer's disease
t 70% of workers don't use Microsoft Office - report
e Adam Richman's Travel Channel Show Delayed After Online Tiff
t What the Heck Is Twitch, and Why Does Google Think It's Worth $1 Billion?
b Prospects of ECB easing drive Spain, Italy yields to record lows
m Norovirus cruise ship docks at San Diego port
m Oscar Pistorius Trial Update [LIVESTREAM]: Pistorius conscious of shooting  ...
t Report: Apple Nearing Large Screen iPhone Production
e Twitter rages over satire tweet
t Google gives a pre-quake view of Christchurch
t Hyundai recalling 137500 Tucson SUVs
e Bieber defends deposition rudeness
b Barclays axes 19000 jobs including 7000 investment bankers
t Facebook tests Buy button offering direct purchasing on the social network
b China's Alibaba Files IPO Document in US
t Amazon 3D Smartphone Launch: 5 Winners And Losers
t New dinosaur: Long-nosed relative of Tyrannosaurus rex discovered
b Amazon says quick end unlikely in public dispute with Hachette
b WWE Announces New Multi-Year TV Deal with NBC/Universal
b Egypt raises fuel prices by up to 78 percent from midnight -oil ministry source
t Melting Antarctic Glaciers Mean Big Changes for California
b BNP Paribas rides out £5billion fine as shares continue to rise
b Stocks sluggish in midday trading
e JK Rowling writes "Grown-Up" Harry Potter short story 2:19PM
b Feds' Action Puts Pressure on FL
e BAFTAs Awarded May 18; Chris O'Dowd, Helena Bonham Carter, James  ...
b Donut sales benefits Stanfield band
t Google exec: We never copied iPhone features for Android
e Quality sequels '22 Jump Street,' 'How to Train Your Dragon 2' give us good  ...
t Microsoft is smart to prepare for its new role as underdog
t Heartbleed hacker arrested, charged in connection to malicious bug exploit
b Tesla Beats Earnings Estimates And Is Offered A Cold Glass Of Apathy From Mr  ...
e Alternate Green Goblin Designs for The Amazing Spider-Man 2 Seen in Weta  ...
t Amazon's 3-D Smartphone Will Be Unveiled this Summer, May Run Android
t To broadcast your life, just say 'OK, Glass: Livestream'
b Financial Transaction Tax is bad for Savers, bad for Business and bad for the  ...
b Taiwan reiterates Paracel Islands sovereignty claim
t The World Wide Web Turns 25, Protection of Internet Freedom Must Be  ...
t Carl Sagan clips from the original Cosmos
t Teenage cheerleader turned hunter has pictures of her posing with shot animals  ...
t New 'smoking gun' evidence may help prove Big Bang theory
b Existing Home-Sales Show Strong Returns For Month of May
b Starboard: Red Lobster sale is all wrong
e Solange Knowles seen attacking Jay Z in elevator security footage
e Justin Bieber gets criticism for his online racist joke
m Baby delivered from woman in coma with brain tumor - WFSB 3 Connecticut
t Smartphone sales decline for Samsung
t Microsoft on PS4 vs Xbox One Resolutiongate: "Can't Tell Difference Unless You  ...
t Designer Diane von Furstenberg Just Hooked Up Google Glass With Some New  ...
t Google Glass gets Ray-Ban & Oakley overhaul
b Mattel 2Q hit by softer Barbie, Fisher-Price sales
b Colorado jobless rate holds at 6.1 percent; more report getting jobs, more join  ...
t Tesla's Q2: Full Speed Ahead on Giga Factory, Model S and X Production, China  ...
b Credit Suisse To Improve Leverage Ratios
b Wall Street opens flat after six-day rally
b Rates on 30-year mortgages down from last year
e Ruby Dee DEAD at 91: Actress Dies of Old Age in New York Home!
b Best Buy would also love Apple to unveil a new product
t Outdoors just for kids: Octopus's eggs take almost 4.5 years to hatch
b Huge rise in stay-at-home moms; many are younger, less educated than those  ...
e Lupita Nyong'o's Best Style Statements
m Advocates fight to raise $250000 cap for medical malpractice damages
m 1st MERS virus case reported in Central Florida
b Amazon and HBO sign exclusive multi-year agreement to bring select HBO  ...
e Sarah Michelle Gellar SLAMS Kim Kardashian Vogue Cover: Canceling My  ...
e James Gunn opens up about directing Guardians of the Galaxy
e Kristen Stewart dropped from Snow White and the Huntsman 2
e Here's your chance to be in Star Wars: Episode VII
e 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' 2014 Release Date, Cast & Trailer: Fans  ...
m Counties Run Health Gamut
t Weather Talk: Equinoxes not necessarily equal regarding day, night
e Sad Kanye West Simply Cannot Muster Any Excitement For Zip-Lining
t Study of oldest human poop fossils no laughing matter
e Amy Adams Gives Her First Class Seat to a Serviceman, Wins Our Hearts
e 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' movie review: Average yet exciting epic fare
b WWE: Why John Cena Is The Best Choice To Win Money In The Bank, Fight  ...
e 'Big Bang Theory': CBS 'Very Confident' Contract Negotiations Will 'Work Out'
e Nirvana Members, KISS Set For Tonight Show's Rock Hall Week (A Top Story)
m Bionic pancreas may revolutionize diabetes treatment
t Solars storms, full moon on Friday the 13th
e SO OVER: Let's hope Keith Urban fans aren't as badly behaved in St. Louis
t WhatsApp Free Download – Soon you Will be Able to Make Free Voice Calls on it
e Idina Menzel at 'If/Then': Broadway 'Just Feels Closest to Who I Am'
e 'American Idol' Top 9 results: Michigan singers rise, survive
e Mickey Rooney has Passed
b AstraZeneca welcomes Pfizer climbdown in takeover fight
m The Fast Draw: Resurrecting the past
b Holcim and Lafarge cement deal
t New mobile Flickr apps make capturing, sharing and discovering photos easier
t Samsung vs. Apple: Why Apple is losing to Samsung & Google
b MPC minutes: Carney gives strong hint rates will rise this year
b US data boosts economic growth prospects
b Microsoft beats on earnings
b Euro-zone Manufacturing PMI Slips to 51.8 in June; Not at Full Year of Growth  ...
m Breast cancer surgery warning
b Banking regulations aimed at preventing another housing crisis
t Noted crazyman John McAfee launches 'secure messaging app' for folks who  ...
e Columbus Short: 'I was not involved in a fight'
e Photos and Videos
e 10 Films to See at Tribeca
b Fiat chiefs confirm Lancia to only sell cars in Italy
b CBS Outdoor Americas (CBSO) IPO Prices at $28, High End of Range
t Daimler and Renault-Nissan Throw in Together on New Mexican Plant
e First Lady Michelle Obama In LA, Speaks For Veterans
m UPDATE 1-Fear and cash shortages hinder fight against Ebola outbreak
e Who's Darth Vader and who's the Ewoks: Casting the players in the Lucas  ...
e Koreas mark 64th anniversary of war
m State highlights: NC lawmakers reach Medicaid agreement; Idaho asks SCOTUS  ...
e Meg Ryan cast in 'How I Met Your Dad' pilot
b Today's mortgage interest rates 30 and 15 year fixed Freddie Mac Data; Housing  ...
b A $1 Billion Company You've Never Heard Of Bought A Big Chunk Of Motorola  ...
e Former 'Good Morning America' host Joan Lunden diagnosed with breast cancer
t Brand new meteor shower making debut tonight, tomorrow morning
b Malaysia plane search shifts northeast after new data
m Washing chicken can increase food poisoning risk, says Food Standards Agency
b S&P 500 briefly tops 2000 as biotechs, financials lead
e Yahoo steps up its original series game, picks up NBC's cancelled 'Community'
t Computer failure may require spacewalk
t Want to Try the iPhone 5S for Free? Ask T-Mobile
t WhatsApp CEO says privacy concerns unfounded
b New Hampshire postal workers joining US fight against Post Office services  ...
t LG expected to launch G3 smartphone, G Watch at May 27 event
e The Voice Season 6 Playoffs: Who Will Adam Levine Take to Live Rounds?
e The Voice recap
b US stocks fluctuate
e Alibaba Teams Up With Lionsgate (LGF) in Bid to Be Netflix of China
e Johnny Depp And Amber Heard Are Trying For A Baby
t South Africa's FNB to launch Samsung Galaxy S5 on 11 April
e Shahs of Sunset Star Claims Kanye West Paid to Land Kim Kardashian Vogue  ...
e Casey Kasem Still Unburied a Month Later
e Cranston initially rejected 'Godzilla'
e Kids' Choice Awards - And Your Favorite Song Is...
b Planned shipping network falls through
t Google Develops Algorithm That Can Decipher Its Own CAPTCHAs
t Inflation: A compact guide to big science
b Marissa Mayer on Yahoo's identity crisis and going whole hog on video
e Seth Rogen, James Franco slammed for new Kim-Jong Un Assassination film
b Google sees spending US$30b buying foreign firms
t Windows XP end-of-support boosting PC demand: Citi
e Game of Thrones Season 4 finale: Do you know where your children are?
t Former MP and convicted paedophile ask Google to block searches after Euro  ...
e Box Office Cash Takes Up Residence At 22 Jump Street
e Stephen Colbert on the Defensive After 'Ching-Chong Ding-Dong' Tweet
m 'Fist bump' may beat handshake for cleanliness
b GLOBAL MARKETS-Asian stocks subdued in holiday thin trade, Ukraine  ...
t Apple, IBM in massive enterprise hardware, software partnership
t Your eBay Password For Sale? How, Where And Why
t Creator Tim Berners-Lee Calls for Bill Of Rights for Internet On Web's 25th Birthday
e Kris Jenner seething after Kanye refuses to sell wedding photos
t Obama's day: Weather and climate change
e Miley Cyrus Is Too Hot To Handle! Is That Why Her Bangerz Tour Bus Went Up  ...
t Foursquare unbundling check-in to new app, changing focus
b Kiwi quickly regathers market confidence
b Kansas crop production report
e Did Nicki Minaj suffer a VMA wardrobe malfunction?
m Hundreds sickened by tiny ticks in last 5 years
m New Report: Alzheimer's Disease Affects More Women Than Men
m Even just a little running reduces mortality risk, study in cardiology journal finds
e Seth MacFarlane Pledges to Donate Up to One Million Dollars to 'Reading  ...
m Home»News»World»Death toll in West Africa Ebola outbreak rises to 121; all  ...
e “Big Bang Theory” Star Kaley Cuoco Admits Reading Hate Comments on Social  ...
e Paltrow-Martin 'conscious uncoupling' has heads spinning
m Progress made on bionic pancreas for diabetics
t What Can Apple, Inc. Do to Boost Slumping iPad Sales?
t The developer who convinced Sony and Kickstarter backers to help his Xbox  ...
e MTN Joins Silvebird To Premiere First 2014 Superhero Movie On Thursday
m Cancer doctors push for payment changes
b Oil, Oil And More Oil
b Japan trade deficit quadruples on-year in March to $14 bn
e Child-star curse has driven LaBeouf crazy
t Samsung Knox 2.0 makes Galaxy S5 safe for work with split billing
b Stocks inch up ahead of economic data
b Hardware business drags IBM down in Q1
b Gas prices fall another 3.1 cents
e Rolf Harris led 'a war on child molesters': Hypocrisy of star honoured by Queen  ...
e Beyonce and Jay-Z Paying Solange $8 Million?!
t RCMP charge London, Ont. 19-year-old in Heartbleed theft of 900 SINs from  ...
b Unemployment benefits number declines
t Verizon Disabled Paypal Fingerprint Payment Support on the Galaxy S5, Google  ...
e Shia LaBeouf enters rehab after calling police officer 'fag'
b Urban Outfitters Inc. (URBN) Is Pulling Back After Q1 Miss
e Miley Cyrus Slams Overdose Rumors, Says "I'm the Poster Child for Good Health  ...
t VIDEO: Soyuz docks with International Space Station
e Did Jesus Die Singing?
t Facebook Updates Paper App for iOS, Addresses Community Feedback
b Vodafone to buy Spain's Ono for $10 billion
b Pandora Media Sees Unusually High Options Volume (P)
t Chrome Wants to Emojify the Internet, Now Available on Android
t Bentley Hybrid Concept officially unveiled in Beijing
m Student Says Ivy League School Threatened Her for Being Too Thin
e Album Review: "Weird Al" Yankovic - Mandatory Fun
t Samsung VR Headset & Galaxy 5S Phone: Headset for Galaxy Phone, Tablet  ...
e Three charged in US over $33m fake art scam
b AFP Japan, Australia reach deal on free trade
e Martin Freeman: 'I read the script for Fargo and that was enough for me'
e Captain America 2 remains on top at US box office: Top ten in full
b Yahoo Wants To Become iOS' Default Search
t Court to Japan: Stop whaling
e Fox Greenlights Batman Prequel 'Gotham' for the Fall; Releases First Full Length  ...
t iPhone kidnapping? What to do if your device gets hijacked.
t Report: NHTSA head blames GM for recall delay
b AstraZeneca shares climb 15pc as Pfizer confirms takeover interest
b EUR/GBP: Disappointing ZEW economic sentiment for Germany and Eurozone
b Crumbs Bakeshop Files for Bankruptcy, Cites $4M Loss
e Kate Middleton's parents cash in on loom band craze after Duchess was pictured  ...
b China's Manufacturing Expands Sharply
b Letter: Elected leaders must help LIRR
t Samsung Galaxy S5 expected price and release dates
e Funeral held for Mick Jagger's girlfriend L'wren Scott in California
m Lifetime Intellectual Enrichment Might Delay Cognitive Impairment
m E-cigarettes help smokers kick habit, say scientists
b Iraq volatility could affect gas prices
e Sunrise Service in the Rose Garden
e Amazing Spider-Man 2 Poster Gives Best Look Yet at The Rhino…And Teases  ...
t Ford's new ad tweaks Cadillac, but they're both making the same point
m 59 people dead in Guinea as Ebola virus is reported
t Texas Weekly Gas Price Update and Outlook
m New York's soda ban is officially dead
e George Clooney Calls Out Steve Wynn in Las Vegas
e Kim Kardashian Posts Makeup-Free Selfie With Sister Kendall's LOVE Cover  ...
e Teaser Trailer for 'Horrible Bosses 2' Hits
e 'Game of Thrones' violence 'getting worse,' actor says
t The NSA Is Using Facebook to Hack Into Your Computer // March 12, 2014
b US stock little changed at midday
e 'Shield' actor arrested for murder of wife
t About the Feature's of iOS 8
t T-Mobile & Rhapsody Introduce unRadio, the Un-carrier Take on Internet Radio
e Adrienne Bailon, Kim Kardashian Feud: Rob Kardashian's Ex-Girlfriend  ...
m Ebola: Peace Corps pulls volunteers
e Fifty Shades of Grey Is Already the Most Viewed Trailer of 2014
b Shares in Twitter drop after slower than expected growth
m Jenny McCarthy's Shocking Vaccine Comments: Defying Doctors' Advice?
t Google's autonomous vehicles master the streets of Mountain View
b US STOCKS-Wall St recedes from record, cyclicals fall
m A New Blood Test Could Predict Alzheimer's Well Before Its Onset
t Nokia's Lumia 930 and 635: more phones with Microsoft Office
e Kim Kardashian's Wedding Gift from Kanye West: Rapper Wants to Buy 10  ...
e HBO renews 'Silicon Valley,' 'Veep'
e 'Mad Men' Brings 1960s Los Angeles To Life
e Will it be a big night for Beyonce at the VMAs?
b US STOCKS-Wall St rises on Citi earnings, data; eyes on Ukraine
b Posted by Parvez Jabri
e Metallica rocks Glastonbury with 'heavier side of music'
b Fitch Affirms LBBW at 'A+'/Negative; Upgrades VR to 'bbb'
e Lionsgate Greenlights 'Insurgent' After 'Divergent' Nabs $4.9M at Midnight  ...
e Miley Cyrus fan arrested
b Briefcase
e Malia Obama Works on Set of Halle Berry's 'Extant' During Pilot Reshoots  ...
e TI, Floyd Mayweather Explain Las Vegas Fight
e Eleven 'Game of Thrones' characters you wouldn't want to know in real life
b Will Total System (TSS) Miss Estimates This Earnings? - Analyst Blog
b Posted by Parvez Jabri
e Sir Paul McCartney has cancelled his Japan tour after being ill with a virus
m Natco moves to oppose Gilead hepatitis C drug patent in India: Report
e An emotional week that has revealed more losers than winners
e Original GI Joe designer Don Levine dead at 86
e Johnny Manziel parties with Justin Bieber
e Avril Lavigne releases controversial video
t Samsung working on a watch-phone: report
t Supercomputer simulates 13 billion years of evolution of the universe [Video]
m It's Time To Cry: Watch This Deaf Woman's Emotional Reaction When She Hears  ...
e Candace Cameron Bure and Mark Ballas – Jive – Dancing with the Stars 18 DWTS
b Search for Malaysia Airlines plane turns to crowdsourcing for clues
b Target taps former U.S. Homeland Security adviser to be new CIO as it deals  ...
b Whopper Reason Shareholders Should Hate Inversions? (Hint, It's Not About  ...
b Iraq Crisis Threatens Opec Oil Supply Growth
e In Loving Memory of The Brady Bunch's Ann B. Davis: Make Pork Chops and  ...
e That Time A 15-Year-Old Justin Bieber Told A Racist Joke
e FDR Seen Walking in Rare Video Clip
t Microsoft Surface pro tablet with larger display
t Launch of Russia's First Post-Soviet Rocket Postponed
e Gomez 'not ready for Swift friendship'
e Miley Cyrus still in hospital, cancels another show
e New trailer for Hercules
e 'Chelsea Lately' says goodbye (w/video)
t Is the Yeti the polar bear's very old cousin? DNA analysis of Himalayan hair  ...
t 9 dirtiest fisheries: 2 California industries make the list, Oregon absent
t Check Out Three Leaked Photos Of The Galaxy S5 Prime, Samsung's Premium  ...
t Spotify debuts 'dark' redesign ahead of competition from iTunes and YouTube
e Chris Brown trial to start Monday
b Yellen Confronts Lawmakers on House Fed Bill
t Google brings Android to wearable devices platform
t Watch out, Google Fiber! AT&T bringing gigabit Internet to 21 cities
t Data Point: Apple Was Sued the Most Over Patents in 2013
t Google buys music streaming service Songza
b Markets tumble on Janet Yellen's US rates rise indication
b Halliburton Company Earnings Point at New 52-Week High
t Google buys music curation service Songza for $39m
e Kanye West Working Double Time to Release New Album Overnight, Kim  ...
t Report: Americans waste $4B per year on inefficient dryers
t Samsung's latest flagship sees “some success” luring Apple buyers
e Barbara Walters plans for May 16 as final appearance on 'The View'
m FDA Oks expanded use of Regeneron's eye drug
e Anita Baker - Arrest Warrant Issued For Singer Anita Baker
e Gary Oldman rails against 'political correctness' in Playboy, defends Mel Gibson
b Google keeps $30bn outside US for deals, regulator told
t SpaceX to deliver lettuce, robot legs to space station
t New Samsung Galaxy S3 Slim: 4.5 inch qHD Display , Quad Core Processor  ...
t XSS flaw in TweetDeck leads to spread of potential exploits
m The Benefits Of Having Kids In Your 30s: You'll Live Longer Than The 20  ...
b Darden keeps Olive Garden, announces plan to sell Red Lobster for $2.1 billion  ...
e Shailene Woodley Details Her First Kiss for 'Marie Claire'!
m Saudi Arabia Sacks Minister Criticised Over Handling Of MERS
e Kristen Bell wows two nights in a row
t New bill ensures emails, photos will be taken care of after you die
e Latest X-Men is More Wolverine than Man
t Amazon to Launch Free Streaming Service (Report)
b Cramer: Building Permits Number Indicates Housing Sector Growth
b Oil climbs amid escalating conflict in Iraq
b Hewlett-Packard CEO: Job Cuts Will Be 'Good for Our Customers'
t Feds Accuse T-Mobile of Making Money off Bogus Billing
e Murphy's final film to be released
b Samsung's estimated profit for Q2 at $7 billion; far below market expectations
b Bank of England keep record-low interest rates
t Utah Weekly Gas Price Update and Outlook
b Twitter CEO optimistic, says news about company's decline is exaggerated
m First Robotic Legs Cleared by U.S. to Help Paralyzed Walk
e Peter Dinklage Talks Game Of Thrones Phone Throwing
t FCC draws fire in pitching Internet fast-lanes for companies
t GM adds current generation Camaros to recall list
e The Post-Credits Scene for Guardians of the Galaxy Has Been Revealed
b UPDATE 2-Icahn changes course, urges eBay to sell 20 pct of PayPal
b Oh baby! The Honest Co. nabs $70 million in its latest funding
b Burger King's 'Proud Whopper' Surprises Gay Pride Diners (VIDEO)
b Fairfax Financial and CEO Watsa probed for insider trading -company
e 'Medical issues' hospitalize Hub concert goers
t Dr. Dre reportedly closing on Tom Brady and Gisele's mansion
b Perth uni probes possible MH370 sound
b Nation briefs
e 5 lessons from Solange attack video
t T-Mobile's Cheap Family Plan Woos Customers From Rival Carriers
m Saudi Arabia revises MERS numbers, 688 infections and 282 deaths confirmed
e Pregnant Celebrities - Alicia Keys and Swizz Beatz Expecting a Baby
e Lorde Finally Meets Inspiration For “Royals”
t China state media calls for 'severe punishment' for Google, Apple, other US tech  ...
e Tony the Tiger voice Lee Marshall dies at 64
t New HTC One M8 colours to include blue, pink and red
t VIDEO: Why Apple Grabbed Sales Director From Watchmaker Tag Heuer
e Jack's Back! Hero Returns to Take on the Bad Guys in '24: Live Another Day'
b Hyundai officially teases the ix25 compact SUV
e Flick picks: 'X-Men' marks the spot with 'Days of Future Past'
t Sony Xperia Z2 to heat up the US this summer
b CBS Outdoor Shares Rise in First Day of Trading
b Mid-term inflation projections key to ECB action-Constancio
e Brad Pitt Attacked by Hollywood Crasher Vitalii Sediuk at Angelina Jolie's  ...
t GM Recalls 8590 Buick, Chevrolet Sedans for Brake Issues
e Home WhatsOn Television American sweetie Danica McKellar gets the boot...
t May Camelopardalids Meteor Shower did not Prove to be Spectacular
b Gold Remains Strong On Geopolitical Worries As Oil Prices Surge
m UK health authorities say second US MERS case flew via London
t Getting Ready for a Food Safe Fourth
b China's growth slows to 7.4 per cent in Q1, raising risk of job losses
m 1 In 8 U.S. Children Experience Neglect, Emotional Or Physical Abuse
t BGR's Geller says Amazon's phone is a 'gimmick'
t T-Mobile launches new family plan with four lines, 10GB of data and $100 price tag
b US urges better tests for airline batteries
e Film Review: Oculus
m Research: Foods with added vitamins, nutrients can be harmful
e Eve Gets Married! Rapper Says 'I Do' To Maximillion Cooper In Gorgeous Ibiza  ...
e Pharrell Williams & Missy Elliott Open the BET Awards 2014! (Video)
b Bulgaria police not commissioned to bank offices: official
t Facebook user study 'super disturbing'
t Try two-wheeling it to your job on National Bike to Work Day
e Angelina Jolie makes striking style choice for Maleficent premiere
m Smoking Bans Linked to Drop in Premature Births
m WHO Declares India Polio-Free
t AT&T Asus Padfone X pre-orders start June 6th
t Full moon on Friday the 13th is rare; won't happen again until 2049
b AT&T Agrees to Buy DirecTV for $50 Billion
e Soulja Boy Says Justin Bieber Isn't Racist Despite N-Word Use
m 'No confirmed cases' of Ebola in Canada, health officials say
b Michaels Craft Store Credit Card Breach Hits Estimated 3 Million Customers
m First US MERS Patient May Be Sent Home Soon
b Could the military turn the tide on climate change?
m Gov. Terry McAuliffe Directs Abortion Clinic Regulation Review
e With Disorderly Conduct Charges Dropped, Edie Brickell And Paul Simon Are  ...
e Gwar Frontman David Brockie Dead at 50: Legendary Oderus Urungus will Live  ...
b R.J. Reynolds appeals $23.6 billion verdict in smoking case
m Measles reported in Fairfield County
t The new entry-level 21.5 inch iMac is introduced by Apple
m Kaiser patients jam pharmacies in light of possible strike
b Car sales fall for second year on low demand
e Pictured: Rolf's 'spiritual healer' mistress he kept at the bottom of the garden and  ...
e Sherri Shepherd's First Husband Jeffrey Tarpley Seeks Full Custody of Son  ...
t Google reinstates some 'right to be forgotten' links
b Gold Prices Are Pushed Higher By Russian Standoff
t Garmin Launches New Viago Turn-By-Turn Navigation App for iPhone
b Wheat growers individualistic, rice growers cooperative: study
b Carlyle Names Michael Cavanagh, Glenn Youngkin As Co-presidents
b UniCredit posts record Q4 loss of $21 billion due to write-downs and loan loss  ...
e Harry Potter returns in new JK Rowling story
b HP to cut over 10000 more jobs, raising total planned layoffs to 50000 (+video)
t Google Goes Mythbusting About Google Glass
b 21st Century Fox's Bid for Time Warner By the Numbers
b Deadline approaches to sign up for health insurance
b General Motors announces another recall
b American Apparel CEO Dov Charney sacked over nude photos of employee
m Big HK democracy rally fueled by fury at Beijing
t Xbox One Hits China in September; First Console Sold Since 2000
e No more UN work for 'busy' George
b Disney Wants Drone Patents So Puppets Can Fly Around In Air Shows
b Coldwater Creek files bankruptcy, will close stores
e Is Emma Stone Ready For Babies With Andrew Garfield? Amazing Spider-Man 2  ...
m Little but important steps in TB diagnosis
e Lindsay Lohan Shocking Confession, 'I Had a Miscarriage'
e Hollywood Stars Promote 'Captain America' in Beijing
e First trailer for David Fincher's Gone Girl movie
e Will and Jada Pinkett Smith Not Worried About Willow Smith's Pic With 20 Year-Old
e The Amazing Spider-Man 2 to Set Up The Sinister Six
e Video! Jennifer Lawrence Tells Her Hilarious and Star-Studded Puking Story
t EU accepts Samsung patent promises as long-running case closes
b Tim Finchem might be harshest jury for Phil Mickelson
t Sprint stems customer bleeding in return to Q1 profit
t General Motors safety agency faces Congress over faulty ignition switch recalls
t As The World Gets Hotter, Salamanders Get Smaller
t Minecraft Video Game Update and Rumors: Game's Creator Cancels Version of  ...
t Microsoft tightens email privacy policy after taking fire over Hotmail incident
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 vs. HTC One M8: Should You Buy Now or Wait for  ...
e 7 Horror Films Set to Scare You in 2014
e Johnny Depp Kisses Fan With Cheeky 'Kiss Here' Message On Her Face (PICS)
e Introducing Ellen DeGeneres: Lifestyle Brand
e Famed Photographer of Nudes Bunny Yeager Dead at 85
e 'Brady Bunch' actress Ann B. Davis dies in Texas at 88
e Maggie's Turn to Ask Who Will Survive? in Latest The Walking Dead #Terminus  ...
b Crumbs a cautionary tale for fad-based businesses
m Biomarkers Help Predict When Heart Disease Patients Will Suffer Heart Attack
t OnePlus One Officially Launched And Priced At $299
e Frances Bean Cobain Responded To Lana Del Rey's Comments On Kirk's Suiicide
b India sticks to its stand on WTO
m H5N1 bird flu mere 5 mutations away from spreading to people: How to protect  ...
b Lew calls for sweeping business tax reform
e Justin Bieber Uses N-Word In Racist Joke In Leaked Video: Watch
e Kanye West: Kim Kardashian 'Turns Me On The Most'
t Game Boy 25 Anniversary: Top 5 Racing Games On Iconic Handheld System  ...
e Bill Murray Crashes Bachelor Party, Offers Marriage Advice - WATCH VIDEO
e New York's September 11 Memorial Museum readies for its close-up
t Galaxy S5 Release Date
t eBay Hacked, Customers Urged to Changed Passwords
t Report: Samsung to release standalone 'smartwatch' this summer
t Google reverses decision to delete links
b UK CPI rose at 1.8 per cent clip in April, ahead of forecasts
e Eurovision 2014: Can the 'bearded lady' Conchita Wurst, win?
b Deutsche Bank net profit falls 34 percent
m 'Forgotten freezer' held much more than smallpox – US
e Box Office: 'Transformers 4' Hits $100 Million for $301.3 Million Worldwide Debut
t MIT undergrads set to receive $100 worth of bitcoin currency
e Cameron Diaz Wears A See-Through Shirt And Does Sex In 'Sex Tape'
b From Beethoven to Beijing
e Days After Sarah Jones' Death, 'Midnight …
e 'Mad Men': How do you think the show will end? (poll)
t Climate Change will Decrease Antarctica's Emperor Penguin Population
b China's pollution problem impacts a fifth of farmland - report
e After Casey Kasem's Death The Family Battle Continues
e Coachella 2014's best photos: Ellie Goulding, Jared Leto, more
b Copper sell-off continues in weak metals, price hits 9-mth lows
m Study: Marrow Transplant Successful in Treating Adult Sickle Cell Disease
e 'Star Wars' spacecraft seen at German airport in viral video
b IRS says bitcoins are property, not legal tender
t Facebook may take aim at Snapchat with 'Slingshot' video app
b Nearly 6000 Taiwanese back home from Vietnam after riots
e Robin Williams Ready For Doubtfire Sequel
e Love estate sales? Find them all for free
b UPDATE 4-US Fed bars shareholder payouts from Citi, 4 others
b Ohio confirms 83 measles cases over 6 counties
t Global warming: A shifting hypothesis
e Want a treat? Buy a record
t T-Mobile offering new 4-line family plan
t IPCC report on climate change promises to rattle skeletons in the closet
b Worse than sanctions? US planning to unleash IRS on Russian banks
b Amgen to cut 2400-2900 jobs mostly in US
e Disney Studios Chairman Announces 'Star Wars: Episode VII' Has Started  ...
t Mozilla employees demand newly appointed CEO resign over anti-gay marriage  ...
m Hope for Ulcerative Colitis Patients as FDA Approves new Drug
b Inflation Hysteria
e 'American Idol' Winner Scotty McCreery Robbed at Gunpoint
e The Flaming Lips, Miley Cyrus Cover the Beatles “A Day in the Life”
e Taylor Swift cancels Thailand concert
m Federal judge will not block Arizona rules on use of abortion drugs
e St. Mark's Episcopal Church Announces Holy Week Services
b Gold drops for fourth day as US economy improves
e 'I Want It All': Scarlett Johnasson Hints She's Pregnant As She Talks Being A  ...
b Plane fiasco on PM's Asia trip
b Trustees: Disability Insurance nears funding crisis
e POOR TASTE
e A Physicist Breaks Down 'Sharknado 2: The Second One'
t Twitter adds ability to add multiple photos, tag friends
b Dow hits new all-time record Friday
b Taco Bell promises breakfast hours in Canada 'when you take Justin Bieber back'
t Nexus 5 2014 Successor to Retail for Around $100
e Miley Cyrus gets tattoo of dead dog Floyd
m Gilead Sciences Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks (GILD)
e Chris Brown's assault trial delayed for Easter weekend
t Gas prices continue to fall in the Harrisburg area
b Record Number Of Public Transportation Trips Taken In 2013
b BRIEF: Chrysler plans to hire up to 1000 part-time employees for Toledo Jeep  ...
e All Of Your Favorite Old HBO Shows Are Coming To Amazon Prime
t Ohio gas prices flatten out after weeks of increases; still higher than national  ...
b Nigeria overtakes South Africa as Africa's largest economy
e IDOL CHATTER: Majesty Rose talks about leaving American Idol, being happy
b Samsung to launch two new high-end smartphones
e Here's The Official Name For The Big 'Batman / Superman' Movie
b Burger King May Be Moving Headquarters to Canada
m RIKEN must unveil investigation results early
b Fed's Yellen Leery of Using Interest Rates to Deal With Financial Risk
e Kim and Kanye's fashion-tastic wedding: the rumours so far
e 'Edge of Tomorrow' review: Tom Cruise dies another day -- and another, and  ...
b BP Profits Surge but Warns of Russian Sanctions Impact and Rosneft  ...
b Train breaks down in Eurotunnel
t Last-minute 'Watch Dogs' pre-order deals for consoles and PC
m Tamiflu review spurs debate over stockpiling
t Microsoft Shares in Steady Uptrend – June 13, 2014
t Microsoft to bring real-time translation to Skype
m Why We Shouldn't Get Angelina Jolie's Double Mastectomy, According to Doctors
m State anti-smoking chief questions e-cigs as quit aids
b IRS: Over 318000 federal workers and retirees owe $3.3B in back taxes, about 3  ...
e Paltrow Breaks Silence After Martin Split
t New Facebook button lets you ask about your friends' relationship statuses
t Scientists discover new dwarf planet far out in the Solar System
t Google Maps Engine App Update Introduces Several Editing Features And  ...
e Jessie J, Ariana Grande & Nicki Minaj Collaborate on Powerhouse Anthem  ...
t Ford parodies Cadillac's 'Poolside' ad
e Angelina Jolie to run for office?
e New Michael Jackson album set for release in May
t Report: Apple Buying Custom Audio Streamer Swell for $30 Million
t New iPad Mini 3 and iPad Air 2 release date possibly in 3rd quarter: Analyst
e 'Transformers 4' brings new looks, weapons
e James Franco denies he slept with Lindsay Lohan
t Our online liberty is being challenged by government crackdowns and  ...
b Ford to name Fields as CEO soon, replacing Mulally - source
b Why Fed Tightening Signals Could Come Sooner Than Expected & Investor  ...
t Did The NSA Know About And Use The Heartbleed Bug?
b Medtronic to buy Covidien for $42.9 billion, rebase in Ireland
e 'Game of Thrones' Season 4 Purple Wedding Killer Theories: [SPOILER  ...
t Titanic sank 102 years ago Tuesday
e Jill Abramson, ousted NYT editor: 'Losing a job you love hurts.'
e Goddess of Thunder: New Thor rocks Internet
e Beyonce & Solange Knowles Pose For First Photo Since Elevator Attack - SEE PIC!
t Facebook rolls out its second Snapchat killer called Slingshot
t NASA's LADEE crashes on moon as planned
e Tori Spelling on husband's cheating: 'My heart is broken'
e Donovan Leitch: Gwyneth Paltrow Ex-Boyfriend, Cheating Partner?
e Kim Kardashian swims with dolphins during Mexico honeymoon with Kanye West
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Mini Release Date – Features & Price
b Posted by Imaduddin
t What to expect as developers gather for Google I/O
t Will Apple upgrade the MacBook pro line this week?
b FSS urges card firms to adopt IC cards amid data leak
e Has Tom Cruise Been Secretly Dating a Famous Actress Since Last Year?
b AT&T helps splash $500 million into some kind of online video service
m Officials: MERS Did Not Spread to Illinois Man
b Swiss Bank Pleads Guilty to Helping Americans with Tax Evasion
m Hepatitis A scare in Missouri
t CONSUMER ALERT: Mercedes recalls over 284000 cars to fix lights
b US trade deficit drops 3.6% in March
m Proposed changes in nutrition labels align better with the way we really eat
e Wu-Tang Clan to Auction Only One Copy of Top Secret Album 'Once Upon A  ...
e 'Orphan Black': Project LEDA History 101
t Updated MacBook Air: Works Better, Costs Less
e 'The Voice' recap: Delvin Magic
t LG G3 smartphone boasts impressive quad-HD screen
e Justice Alito Rejoins Aereo Supreme Court Case
m NYU researchers find 18 percent of high school seniors smoke hookah
e Shouldn't you be jogging? Kim Kardashian hails cab on way to gym in NYC
b Taxi Drivers Protested Uber and Lyft by Shutting Down Traffic in DC
b SanDisk buying Fusion-io for $1.1 billion
t Invest now to stop global warming - UN
t Microsoft to scrap 18000 jobs
b Europe suffers euroskeptic hangover
e Take a moment to bask in the new 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' poster
t New, cheaper iMac makes for an attractive option for cost-conscious business  ...
b Nearly One-Fifth of China's Arable Land Is Polluted
m Brave Mother Becomes Human Bump to Slow Down Car Carrying Twin Daughters
t Don't read too much into Google's embrace of Samsung KNOX
e Welcome to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame: Peter Gabriel, Cat Stevens, Kiss  ...
t NASA to launch CO2-measuring satellite
e So exactly how much did Swifty rake in last year?
t Novartis Agrees Deal to Develop Google's Smart Lens Technology
e Charges Against Paul Simon and Edie Brickell Dropped
e Nicola Peltz stuns in figure-hugging heavenly white gown at European premiere  ...
t Tesla CEO says electric carmaker plans European plant-report
b Hot stocks: SingPost surges 10% on Alibaba deal
e 'Love and Hip Hop ATL' Benzino Fired Over Shooting [RUMORS]: Benzino  ...
e Final trailer for X-Men: Days of Future Past
t Samsung executive says Galaxy S5 to outsell S4, sees second quarter rollout for  ...
b US students in middle of pack for financial knowhow
b Jerk.com probed by FTC
e 6 Questions We Have After Seeing 'Godzilla'
e 'The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies' trailer; 1D singer gets death threats  ...
t Weirdly, investors aren't impressed by Elon Musk and Tesla today
e Miley Cyrus' Raunchy Performance at London Hotspot GAY Shouldn't Surprise  ...
t Fiery-red Mars glows brightly on Tuesday
e 'The Voice' Recap: Battle Rounds Meet 'The Notebook'
e Chris Brown - Chris Brown Carried From Nightclub After Bet Awards
t Should you upgrade to the Samsung Galaxy S5?
m Google Is Going To Collect Health Information From People For A New Genetic  ...
t Google I/O launches Android Auto, Apple's CarPlay rival
t Microsoft unveils long-awaited Office apps for iPad as new CEO tries to change  ...
b Ariad Pharmaceuticals Gets Price Target Boost; Target Corp. CEO Gregg  ...
m Pertussis persists
t The Prodigal Game Returns: Flappy Bird's Return to Android and iOS Coming in  ...
e Floyd Mayweather and rapper T.I. brawl at Las Vegas' Fatburger
t Hell No, We Won't Go: No Fake Net Neutrality for Racial Justice Advocates
b July Jobs Day
b What you should know about your 401(k) fees
t Apple quietly outs a $1099 iMac with lower specs
b British Pound to US Dollar Exchange Rate: Rate Hike Bets Sees Sterling Stand  ...
t Dead air: The lung association and its gross simplification
m MLS commissioner Don Garber diagnosed with prostate cancer, full recovery  ...
e Dancing with the Stars 2014 Elimination Results Tonight: NeNe Leakes Eliminated
e 'Mother' sets ratings record with finale
e Barbara Walters bids farewell after 53-year TV career
t The Never-Before-Seen Meteor Shower to Delight Your Weekend
b Expedited process available for some disabled veterans
m 'Miracle' Twins Born a Month Apart Go Home
e Rappers file papers to protect Juggalos
b Family made ill by fracking awarded $3 million in landmark case
t Facebook Buys Fitness Tracker Startup Behind "Moves"
b GameStop revenue rises as demand for new consoles, mobile grows
t Jury Awards Apple $119M in Samsung Patent Row
t China News: Windows 8 Banned on Government Computers
e NY college offers Cyrus course (w/video)
m Chimerix CEO defends process on drug
e 'Frozen' Songwriting Team Begin Work on New Show
t Samsung Galaxy S5 features make it accessible for everyone
t UPDATED | GM stops Cruze deliveries
b Dean Baker | Economic Policy in a Post-Piketty World
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S (10.5) 16GB WiFi – Powerful Android Tab with Robust  ...
t Throw away your driving license: Google launches new self-driving car
t Minecraft: Ps3 Edition: Patch 1.05
e 4 tips to make Mother's Day meaningful
e 'Community' Canceled by NBC, Along With 'Revolution,' 'Believe,' 'Fisher'
e Zac Efron Kissing Girlfriend Michelle Rodriguez PHOTOS 2014: Drug Free  ...
t Ancient Dino footprints set for public display
t GM recalls 3 million more cars for ignition issues
e Gaga, Bennett go Cheek to Cheek
e Rio 2: Got the blues again
b Candy Crush King goes for IPO
e Here's the first official trailer for “The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I”
b American Airlines Soars On Upbeat Forecast And Strong Traffic Numbers
e Shailene Woodley Looked Stunning at 'The Fault in Our Stars' Premiere
b Oil Rises on Iraq Conflict, Upbeat China Data
b US Fed Lowers Growth Forecast Between 2.1 and 2.3%
b China exports plunge, commodities worry
t Google Glass Gets Cool Makeover, Available in Ray-Bans, Oakleys Soon
b Meg Whitman To Be The New Chairman of HP
b Argentina to negotiate with holdout investors for first time
e Spielberg's next works get release dates
m Florida Has Second Confirmed Case Of MERS In US
e Actress Indira Varma debuts on HBO's 'Game of Thrones'
t Google agreed to pony up for Samsung's defense against Apple
e 'The Voice' recap: The battles begin!
m Controversial stem cell research was falsified, lab says
m CDC report: Teens are drinking less and texting behind the wheel more
b Online Money: Candy Crush IPO, Tango App, and Level MoneyDaily Edition
b Private sector adds 281K jobs in June: ADP
e Game of Thrones Director Opens up About Controversial Sex Scene
e Miley Cyrus and Flaming Lips recording Beatle song
b GDP rises 7.4 pct, beats market expectations
e Paul McCartney Reportedly Hospitalized in Tokyo
b 30 April 2014 - Results of the April 2014 euro area bank lending survey
t NSA has reportedly developed malware to infect computers worldwide for  ...
e Sue Townsend dies: Adrian Mole author dead at 68 after short illness
m Anxiety And MRIs May Be Driving The Rise In Double Mastectomies
b Pilot mismanagement blamed in Asiana Airlines crash
t Out-of-this World Discovery: Earth-Sized Planet Found
b GM recalls vehicles for airbag problem
e See Robert Pattinson and Mia Wasikowska in the first trailer for David  ...
e Unlike Colton Burpo, No Wire Staffers' Terrible Injuries Brought Them to Heaven
m Pueblo County resident stricken with West Nile Virus
b UPDATE 1-Spanish yields hit record lows on ECB's easing signals
b UPDATE 3-US grounds entire F-35 fleet pending engine inspections
t VIDEO: Dazzling 'Blood Moon' Eclipse Across North America
t Irreversible Damage to Planet Seen in UN Climate Report (1)
e Movie review: Animated 'How to Train Your Dragon 2' soars in 3-D
e Can Art Hype and Collectors' Items Teach Music's Value?
e Robin Thicke names his next album 'Paula'
t Samsung secretly can't wait for Apple to launch a bigger iPhone
b Amaya Gaming said to be near takeover deal of PokerStars gambling site
b Mass. gets $55m from Citigroup
b GM Vehicle Recall
b Tesla Cuts A Deal In Ohio It Can Live With Today, But Not Down The Road
t Oracle buying hospitality, retail tech vendor Micros for $5.3 billion
t How Android 5.0 Lollipop steals ideas from everyone else
b OTP Drops to Two-Month Low on Loan-Refund Law and Erste Warning
e Diaz: Mann can grab my tooshie
e Grant Gustin's The Flash costume in full
m Ebola outbreak medic reveals true horror in Guinea
e 'Bachelorette' Slammed: Was Eric Hill Exploited By 'Bachelorette' Producers?
t In Apple v. Samsung, it's a 'holy war' for $2B
t Asus PadFone X, a phone with docking tablet, hits AT&T on June 6 for pre-orders
e 'The Voice' officially welcomes Gwen Stefani
b Dow, S&P close out May at record highs
t Could There Be Vast Oceans Of Water Beneath The Earth's Mantle?
t Famous Game Creators Are Fighting For Internet Freedom
e 'Divergent' opens with $56 million, kicking off another young adult franchise for  ...
b China economy stabilising as PMI rises to 50.8 in May
b BlackBerry OS 10.2.1 review: Now, you can download Android apps, run Instagram
b BNP Paribas fined £5.2 billion for breaching trade sanctions
e 'Cesar Chavez': Just the facts leave biopic flat
b Medtronic, Covidien shares surge premarket as Medtronic agrees to buy  ...
t African fish that can crawl on land provides new insight into evolution from sea
e Beyonce's sister Solange kicks, punches Jay Z
e Zac Efron Shops Dildos in 'Neighbors,' Proving Once Again He's Far More Than  ...
t Facebook launches location-sharing feature 'Nearby Friends'
b Fusion-IO Downgraded to "Hold" at Needham & Company LLC (FIO)
m 'Star Wars' prosthetic arm gets FDA approval
b Fliers love Virgin America, but will investors love its IPO?
b Alameda County Community Food Bank Awarded $250000 Grant to Lead  ...
m Kiszla: Paralysis no match for Olympic champion Amy Van Dyken-Rouen
e Obama Begins Asia Trip With 'The Best Sushi I've ever ad'
t Apple in talks with Comcast to provide streaming TV service on future Apple TV
b Markell, MD governor voice concerns about AstraZeneca takeover
b Stocks jump as Dow, S&P 500 in record territory
m Camels Most Likely Spreading Deadly MERS Virus in Saudi Arabia
b A Familiar Refrain: US Treasury Says China is Not a Currency Manipulator
b Medtronic agrees to merger, will move to Ireland
t Climate change boosts conflict risk, flood, hunger–UN
b Alibaba files for IPO, raising questions for Yahoo and Silicon Valley
e Dads are the force behind the Star Wars phenomenon
e Universal Orlando's Diagon Alley Top July Theme Park Event, Details From The  ...
b Study shows cash is king in Florida real estate
b Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank and UBS hit by Barclays dark pool lawsuit
b Sacci concerned about Numsa strike
e SiriusXM fires 'Opie & Anthony' host over 'hate-filled' tweets
b Citi Mortgage Mortgage Rate Deals Saturday Jun 28, 2014
t Google Glass is now being run by a fashion executive
t Craig briefs: State gas prices unlikely to fall
e Gwyneth Paltrow and Christ Martin selling their London house?
b Monday morning commute to be tested after Pulaski Skyway closure
e The red block letter C for Cleveland seems to be replacing Chief Wahoo outside  ...
e Film Review: 'A Million Ways to Die in the West'
e What time is Eurovision 2014 semi-final 2 today?
t Google Will Preview The Next Android Version At Today's I/O
b Gold futures hold steady ahead of US data
t Oculus bans their VR Device in China
e Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber back together?
t These Six Jeep Concepts Take Hardcore Offroading To A New Level
b U.S. producer prices rise 0.5 percent in March
e 'Captain America' sets April box office record with $96.2 million
b Shell: not entering new Russia investments - WNCN: News, Weather
e Andre & The City: Captain America The Winter Soldier Review
t Americas best placed to get glimpse of the total lunar eclipse
t Wheeler Says FCC Won't Allow Internet 'Slow Lane'
t Lawmakers See Massive Breakdown at NHTSA in GM Recall
m Five skin-saving facts about sunscreen
m Frigid winter does little to ease Lyme disease worries
t Supporters of Critical Mass look to change image of event
b Bank of America ordered to pay nearly $1.3 billion in mortgage case
e Kim Kardashian Rehearsal Dinner Pics: It's Lana Del Ray!
e Real Reason Beyonce and Jay Z Skipped Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's  ...
e 'Deliver Us From Evil' Movie Details Religious Demonologist and former NYPD  ...
b Target CEO to Resign
t WRAPUP 2-Amazon snaps up live video startup Twitch for $970 million
e Jessica Simpson marries retired New Orleans Saints player Eric Johnson
e Dawn Of The Planet Of The Apes: How They Did The CGI
t Virtual Reality – not only for humans?
t Google planning to bring sub-$100 smartphone to emerging market
e Feud? Nicki Minaj Takes A Swipe At Iggy Azalea At BET Awards
b Yahoo's workforce diversity report: Not as white but still mostly male
b Retail sales rose 0.3 percent in May
b Tango raises $280M from Alibaba to take on WhatsApp
e Photo By Kevork Djansezian/AP
b Turkey blocks Twitter days before elections
e New twist on Rolf Harris video
e Home > Kanye West > Mary J. Blige To Sing At Kim Kardashian's Wedding?
e 'Girl Meets World' Will Pick Up Where 'Boy Meets World' Left Off Tonight
b Federal energy officials slash estimate of recoverable oil at California's Monterey  ...
e Ann B Davis dies, Let's cook, #RioSelfie
b Twitter On Solid Ground To Continue Growth After World Cup
t Who Should Pay for Damage Caused by Climate Change?
e Woods release 7th album (stream it), curating record booth @ Captured Tracks  ...
t Astrophysicists Build a Virtual Universe
t What is a blood moon? (No, it's not a Game of Thrones thing)
e Genres Taylor Swift, Wall Street Journal: Ed Sheeran BFF Writes Op-Ed, Claims  ...
e Lena Dunham gets in trouble for tweet post-SNL
e Lupita Nyong'o leads the list of People's 'Most Beautiful'
e Julia Roberts Finally Breaks Silence Over Death of Half-Sister
b Burger King plans expansion of Tim Hortons in US
t Elon Musk acts to promote open-source electric-car development
e Netflix Nabs Jane Fonda, Lily Tomlin for Original Series 'Grace and Frankie'
b Dollar steady as investors turn attention to Fed minutes
e MIAMI CITY OFFICIALS CALL FOR ULTRA MUSIC FESTIVAL TO BE MOVED  ...
b No closure after recent jet crashes
e Lupita Nyong'o, Josh Hutcherson, Duplass bros. among academy invitees
t US government warns users to avoid Internet Explorer until security flaw fixed
t Video: World Cup fans ... in space
e World's most expensive comic book sells for $3.2M
e George Clooney Engaged To Amal Alamuddin
t Google Maps v8.0 Begins Rolling Out – Brings Offline Maps Management  ...
m Woman's 'real' post-weight-loss bikini pic goes viral
b Trade deficit drops 3.6 percent in March
b ECB holds key rates steady again
b GoPro valuation set near $3 billion ahead of first day of trading
e Jenny Lewis recruits all-star backing band for 'Just One Of The Guys'
e Robin Williams Checks Into Rehab Again to 'Fine-Tune' Sobriety
e George Clooney engaged: Who is Amal Alamuddin and how did she tie down  ...
t Cisco to invest over
b WWE Money in the Bank 2014 Match Card, Predictions and How to Watch: Two  ...
b Column: Tips for how to make the April 15 midnight tax deadline
e Columbus, Ohio's Zack Brown raises more than $35000 on Kickstarter for potato  ...
e Willow Smith's controversial photo puts parents under investigation
b Canadians Will Get a Taco Bell Breakfast Menu If and Only If They Take Justin  ...
e Mila Kunis & Ashton Kutcher Order Their Lunch With A Side Of Baby Bump  ...
b SPY PICS: Mercedes-Benz C 63 AMG Estate
t Samsung Galaxy S5 For AT&T And US Cellular Now Available For Pre-Order; T  ...
b Europe midday: Putin agrees to increased dialogue
e One Direction cleans up at Kids' Choice Awards
e Beyoncé And Jay-Z Share Unseen Wedding Footage, Blue Ivy Home Videos For  ...
b GM recalls 1.5m more vehicles, CEO says 'terrible things happened'
t Can Tim Cook pull another gadget out of Apple's hat?
b China's tech boom triggers gold rush
e Beyonce most powerful celebs
t Facebook targets users' external data
t Google Glass now available for all in US
b Thousands mourn collapse victims of Rana Plaza garment factory one year on
e Luisa Ranieri splashes around ahead of hosting duties at Venice Film Festival
e Godard's 3-D feature just one Cannes offering to anticipate
m Ebola Outbreak Relief Work: Resources, stigma posing hurdles - Health Minister
b Nokia unveils Q1 results: phone division sales take a hit
t Hubble Telescope Captures Saturn's Spectacular Northern Lights Dance
b Wall Street rises on tech shares
m WHO urges 'drastic action' on Ebola, calls 11-nation meeting (Update)
e The Mill star Kerrie Hayes is shocked by BAFTA nomination
b Walt Disney Co. share price down, acquires Maker Studios for $500 million  ...
e Weekend box office: 'Neighbors' unseats Spidey
m World Health Organisation: Ebola Epidemic in West Africa is Worst on Record  ...
m Missouri company recalls walnuts over listeria
e Iran arrests 6 for making Pharrell 'Happy' fan video
t Microsoft: Improved Xbox One digital experience 'on the roadmap'
e Sherri Shepherd's First Husband Alleges Neglect of Their Son, Seeks Full Custody
b Cloud strength helps Microsoft earnings top Street
t Net Neutrality: New FCC Proposal Coming May 15
m Study says mom's mouth could transmit baby's first gut bacteria
t So, what's next for Smart?
t Developer Leaves GitHub After Alleged Harassment
t A Disappointing Meteor Shower
t Will Facebook change the future of VR gaming?
e Wiz Khalifa drops '28 Grams' mixtape after arrest for marijuana possession
m A blood test to detect a wide range of cancers
b P.F. Chang's Confirms It's Another In Litany Of Credit Card Breaches
b Does health insurance increase your lifespan?
t Titanfall Xbox One May Be Bumped Up To 1080p With A Patch
e Jenny McCarthy had big news to share Wednesday on “The View”: She's  ...
e Anita Baker reveals she's 'terrified' by warrant issued for her arrest as she insists  ...
b One payday loan almost always leads to another, CFPB study finds
t Hudl Phone Launching Late-2014 With Galaxy S5-Like Specs, OnePlus One  ...
b Emotions flood State Water Resources Control Board
e Flick picks: Ebert doc affirms 'Life Itself'
t 250 New Emojis Are Being Released
e Jada still besotted with Will Smith
b Deutsche Bank's Advice For Long-Term Airline Investors
e 'Game of Thrones' Star Kit Harington Promotes More Male Nudity On The Show  ...
e Daniel Radcliffe applauded by critics for Broadway return
e Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Stop for Ice Cream in Paris!
b 3 Best Credit Card Consolidation Companies For Minnesota Residents  ...
m Fast Walking May Ease Parkinson's Symptoms
e Eminem Reunites With Estranged Mother Debbie Mathers for Headlights Music  ...
e 5 Comics You Should Read After Seeing X-Men: Days of Future Past
b Candy Crush falls below IPO price
b US March Producer Prices Rise Strongly
e Beyonce & Jay Z Teaming Up for Summer 2014 Tour: Report
e How I Met Your Mother Finale Soars
t Nike confirms 'small' layoff but diffuses FuelBand shutdown rumours
m ER Test Accurately Rules Out Heart Attack
e Three More Exit 'Saturday Night Live'
e Texas teen's big-game hunting photos anger animal lovers
t Chromecast UK Release Date Leaked – It's Coming March 19
b Japan OKs plan to re-open nuclear plants
b Coldwater Creek files petition in US Bankruptcy Court
e Kevin Sharp dead; country singer was 43
e The Verdict: Critics Review Woody Allen Musical Bullets Over Broadway
b Siemens Could Improve Offer for Alstom's Energy Ops After Due Diligence - Letter
b EUR Bent But Not Broken
t T-Mobile accused of making money off bogus billing
e 'The Other Woman' is frequently funny, so why does it drag?
t Spencer explains Windows gaming absence at E3
t Report: Samsung Is Prepping a Virtual Reality Headset
e Emma Roberts and Sarah Paulson brighten up American Horror Story  ...
b DSW Q1 Results Miss View, Lowers Full-year Outlook
t Apple on the verge to acquire Beats for $3.2b: What this could mean for Apple
e Japanese pop idols AKB48 injured in fan attack with saw
b Etihad to acquire 49% of Alitalia airline: joint statement
m Ground beef recall: 1.8 million pounds of beef products recalled for E. coli
e Essence Fest Planner: 4th of July
b Goldman Sachs Comments on Amazon's (AMZN) Q1
e Kristen Stewart, Anne Hathaway join Jenny Lewis in new video
t Microsoft axes 18000 jobs, and Nokia bears the brunt
b U.S. initial jobless claims fall to 16-week low of 311000
b How to file an income-tax extension with the IRS
m Possibility of dengue break looms over Brazil World Cup
e Justin Bieber apologises for n-word racist joke on his Twitter: Statement in full
t Microsoft 'Windows in the Car' to take on Apple 'CarPlay'
t Facebook releases its first workforce diversity report
b Market Close Report: NASDAQ Composite index closes at 4125.82 up 35.23  ...
e VIDEO Pippa Middleton didn't expect the Royal Wedding to be a big deal
e FIRST LOOK: The Avengers: Age Of Ultron Quicksilver & Scarlet Witch (and more)!
b Rep: No evidence we have to repay 38 Studios loan
b US unemployment rate in July
b SunTrust Settlements Surpass $1 Billion Past Month
b Disney eyeing up drone program to enhance light, puppet shows
e It's Official: ABC's 'Once Upon a Time in Wonderland' Cancelled
b Wall Street Flat Amid Disappointing Housing Data
t Microsoft Stock Up on Job Cut News – and Headed for More Gains
b HanesBrands buying DBApparel for about $550M
b Market Basket workers to protest CEO firing
e 'American Idol' bringing back same judging panel
m Alabama named top-performing state for best heath services
b Barclays Investment Bank Cuts Mark Europeans' Global Retreat
b Euro zone manufacturing growth eases in June, France slowdown weighs: PMI
t Uber CEO Says He's Raising A Massive Round Of Financing That Could Be  ...
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Survives Brutal Water Testing; Works Just Fine At the End
e The-Dream Arrested For Felony Assault on Pregnant Ex-Girlfriend
m Remedies for MERS may already be on hand, researchers suggest
e With 'Noah,' The Bible Becomes Hollywood's Latest Franchise
t Samsung's Botched Apple Rip-Off Is a Blown Opportunity for eBay
e Mrs. West Is In The Building: KimYe Married In Italy
e Amazon Launches Its Music Service
e 'True Blood' Season 7 TRAILER Previews Spoilers of a Hopeless Sookie as Bon  ...
b Business briefs
t [What Does That Say?] Google Translates Text In Chrome To Emoji For April  ...
t Jury Foreman in Apple v. Samsung Patent Battle Says the Biggest Loser in the  ...
e Shailene Woodley eats clay
e Dancing with the Stars Premiere: Who Scored?
b World sheds reserve over growing role of China's yuan
e Favreau's charming 'Chef' stirs appetite
t Climate report: Creating a sense of urgency or alarm?
t IBM and Apple: From Rivals to Partners in 30 Years?
b Massive water main break floods California campus
b Gross vs. El-Erian: Which one is right ?
b BIS: Corporate Debt Binge Sows Trouble in Emerging Markets
t First 2015 Chevrolet Corvette Z06 Sold at Auction for $1M
t Facebook acquires virtual reality headset maker Oculus
e 'The Blacklist': Red Faces Berlin & 'No One Is Safe' In Season Finale
e After Flixster fail, Warner Brothers will refund 'Veronica Mars' backers using  ...
e Who Will Play Harold Hill In NBC's 'The Music Man'?
m Ebola Virus Records 337 deaths in West Africa-WHO
t Microsoft acknowledges it searched a blogger's Hotmail account to probe into an  ...
t Gas prices rise in state, nation
e Robin Thicke is Still Trying to Win Paula Patton Back, Writes New Song for Her
b Gold May Hold In Sideways Trading Pattern Next Week
m Scale of Guinea's Ebola epidemic unprecedented, aid agency says
b Business As Usual For EUR And JPY
t Minecraft Xbox One Shows Improved Draw Distance, Release Date Very Close
e Game of Thrones: Who killed Joffrey?
t Narendra Modi world's second most-popular leader on Facebook
e Bieber apologises for telling racist joke in video
e 'SNL' recap: Lena Dunham is just a girl, standing in front of an audience, asking  ...
t Portal hits Nvidia Shield on May 12
e Lupita Nyong'o named by People magazine as 'World's Most Beautiful' for 2014
t Transparency Initiative:This is new about the UN climate report / Breaking News
b Black unemployment rate drops for second month in a row
e Oh 'that thing'?! Solange dismisses infamous elevator spat with Jay Z
e Duchess Kate & Prince George's Adorable Polo Outing!
t It is sad, but Microsoft Office iPad app makes the Apple tablet more work-friendly
t AT&T proposes building network 10 times faster than current broadband as push  ...
t GM suspends sales of Chevy Cruzes
e VIDEO: Man caught stuffing shotgun down pants
b Health-care market rises on Merger Monday deals
b RUMOR MILL: VW Says No Plans On The Agenda To Takeover Fiat....Yet
b Editorial: GM faces tough questions about long-delayed recall
b Mt. Gox updates website, allows customers to check bitcoin balances
m Fever patient with travel history tests negative for MERS-CoV
m New York City's Soda Ban Loses in Court for the Last Time
e Danny Boyle may direct biopic on Steve Jobs
b Will The NFP Shock Markets?
t Xbox One's Cloud is proving itself (and me!)
e Lupita Nyong'o, Josh Hutcherson invited to join the Academy
t Samsung Galaxy S5 UK Release: What You Need To Know
t E3 featured new games and sequels
b Argentina defaults as 11th hour negotiations fail
t Google acquires Quest Visual to integrate its Word Lens augmented reality  ...
b Sen. Whitehouse Hails EPA Rules for Carbon Pollution
t How Google Can Avoid Ruining Twitch
b House, Senate begins compromise talks on vets bill
m UPDATE 2-Nature journal retracts stem cell paper citing "critical errors"
m InterMune to refile IPF drug with FDA 'in weeks'
t Sony unveils PS4 virtual reality headset Morpheus
e Courtney Love to appear in FX's 'Sons of Anarchy' this fall
m NY Governor Announces Plan to End State AIDS Epidemic
e Nick Cannon's dad: Nick didn't cheat on Mariah, but could have
b Crisis? What crisis? NAB boss dismisses budget emergency talk
b We were warned: Obama just 'reaffirming' his energy plans
t T-Mobile wants to give you an iPhone
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 vs Galaxy Note 3: Price & Specification Comparison
t More Than Meets The Eye As Nokia Corporation (ADR) (NYSE:NOK), Microsoft  ...
e 'Amazing Spider-Man 2' a weird, wonderful ride
t Apple Feeling The Heat With Cheap & Large Screen Androids?
t Nintendo will launch new hardware in emerging markets next year
m FDA Gives Green Signal to Biogen's Hemophilia B Drug Alprolix
t MIT Researchers Create Computer Model Of The History Of The Universe: VIDEO
m Attention motorists: CDC reports approximately 7000 crashes a year happen  ...
e Airline apologizes to mom after airline urination incident
e Brad Pitt To Vitalii Sediuk: Stop Or Get Stomped
b MBIA and Assured slide on Puerto Rico reversal
m Child Deaths On Pace To Drop Another 50 Percent Globally By 2030
m Illinois House OKs cannabis for kids with epilepsy
t Research shows iPhone 5s sales continue to outpace Samsung Galaxy S5  ...
t Snowden says NSA is 'setting fire' to Internet's future
b Twitter Inc (TWTR) COO Ali Rowghani resigns
m Who Will Binge-Drink at Age 16? Teen Imaging Study Pinpoints Predictors
t New Facebook feature will identify music, movies and TV for sharing
t Modifying your Microsoft Office install to free up hard drive space
e Ariana Grande's Cuddly Ponytail Just Made This 'Problem' Performance Even  ...
b Tax refund fraud big frustration for victims
b Mixed reactions after US drastically cuts Monterey Shale outlook
b New Partnerships Reflect Growing Collaborative Consumption Among Business  ...
b IMF chief Christine Lagarde under investigation in France
b Carney Faces Leadership Test as Currency Scandal Snares BOE
b Royal Caribbean (RCL) to Supply 40000 Crew Members with Windows 8.1  ...
e Fallen Vampire Diaries Crew Member Vindicated! Midnight Rider Filmmakers  ...
t Tangible Play's Osmo opens up new ways for kids to play with an iPad
t A closer look at the HTC One M8's features: photos
e Paul McCartney Successfully Treated in Tokyo Hospital
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 rumours: Part of phablet's display could be used as a  ...
e Justin Bieber Charged In Egging Of Neighbor's Home, Will He Be Found Guilty  ...
t Google buys streaming music app
e 'Snow White and the Huntsmen 2': Frank Darabont In, Kristen Stewart Out
m Diet drinks help you lose weight Study
b Honduras searches for trapped miners
e World Leaders, Intellectuals React To Gabriel García Márquez's Death
m Surprise: Lost Stem Cells Naturally Replaced By Non-Stem Cells, Fly Research  ...
t UN panel: 8 reasons to worry about global warming
e Source: Selena Gomez's Family Concerned About Justin Bieber Reunion
b Twitter Inc (TWTR) + TV Still Complements, If Not Compliments
e Weekend Box Office Report: 'Transformers' Takes the Weekend By Storm
t Japan won't quit IWC over court defeat
t Heartbleed Bug Arrest: Canada Accuses Teenage Hacker Of Stealing 900  ...
t Carmel Valley teen scientist Eric Chen wins top national competition
m FDA Approves 'Star Wars' Inspired Prosthetic Arm
m WHO warns of Mideast virus threat to pilgrims
e Kathryn Hahn Talks 'Bad Words' and Working With Jason Bateman As A Director
b Nokia appoints Rajeev Suri as new CEO: All you need to know about India-born  ...
t Intel announces a boatload of new Chromebooks coming this summer
b Volkswagen signals it will outsell GM in China for second straight year
b Gold slides 1% as U.S. Payrolls Top Estimates; oil up 1%
b What Barclays is accused of
b Yum Brands' China restaurant sales improve, shares rise
b STOCK MARKET NEWS – Dow Ends at Record High; AAPL Drags on Nasdaq  ...
t SHAREfactory and digital pre-loads hitting PS4 in next update
m In a first San Diego Zoo gets baby gorilla through Cesarean Section
e 'The Good Wife': There aren't enough tears
e The Interminable Minnesota Goodbye
b Faster US Growth Could Produce a Global Negative Shock
b Boeing Dreamliner is well designed and safe to fly, says FAA
b LME Copper at Eight-Month Lows on China Demand Fears
b Gold down on positive US economic data
m Investing in mothers key to reducing disaster impact in Asia
e 'Amazing Spider-Man 2': Five box-office bets for the web-slinger
e Jessica Barrymore, half sister of Drew Barrymore, found dead at 47
b Has A Chinese Satellite Found The Missing Malaysia Airlines Plane?
b IPO adviser urges caution on Alibaba
t Amazon starts $9.99-a-month service for unlimited e-books
e Katie Hopkins Slates Kim Kardashian For North West's Pierced Ears And Brands  ...
e Miley Cyrus Gets New Tattoo to Remember Her Late Dog Floyd
e FYI: Hello Kitty is not a cat
m Measles Vaccine Cures Woman Of Cancer
m Patches of Cortical Layers Disrupted During Early Brain Development in Autism
e Let The Holy Spirit Guide Your Evangelizing
e James Franco slams Ben Brantley over 'Of Mice and Men' review
t New UN report warns humans more vulnerable than ever to effects of climate  ...
e Gulf Shores residents by beach try to make most of Hangout Fest ... and a little  ...
e Matt Bomer On "The Normal Heart": I Wouldn't Have My Rights Without Those  ...
t US Leads Multi-National Action Against “Gameover Zeus” Botnet and  ...
t What Could Apple Want with Beats?
e Nicki Minaj Fakes Wardrobe Malfunction at MTV VMA Awards (VIDEO)
b Premarket: Markets draw support from potential for looser ECB monetary policy
m Exoskeleton at World Cup: 5 Fast Facts You Need to Know
t Bank of Ireland's business banking customers face online uncertainty
e Get the look: Casual Kate Middleton recycles £48 ME+EM Breton top
m Ask the Pet Expert | Tick prevention
b Pfizer has withdrawn its bid for AstraZeneca.
t Mars rover prototype unveiled for '18 mission
b Russia's Gazprom says Ukraine fails to pay debt by deadline
t 100 hackers arrested over Blackshades Trojan
e Megan Fox joins Instagram, posts first makeup-free selfie
e Kim Kardashian shows off a little too much thigh in ripped jeans
e Taylor Swift: 'Music Is Art, and Art Should be Paid for'
m Young blood injections rejuvenate elderly mice
b Netflix vs. Comcast
m US military awards $40 million toward memory implant
e Pharrell Williams - Pharrell Williams joins Oscars academy
e Giveaway: The VERONICA MARS Movie - Win it on DVD!
b Supreme Court hands partial victories to EPA, industry and is both right and wrong
b Argentina files lawsuit against US over debt dispute
t Australia plays down impact of ICJ ruling on Japan ties
t Facebook crashes, users struggle to log on
t Facebook plans to offer "I'm a Voter" feature worldwide
e Beyonce & Jay Z Reportedly Plotting Joint Summer Tour
t Facebook's latest venture rattles investors
t Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Partners With Uber In China
e Dancing with the Stars: Find out who bowed out
e Skip it for the Sake of Art
t Netflix ups subscription prices, adds price tiers
m E-cigarettes may produce toxins after all
m TBRHSC Celebrates Mental Health Awareness Week 2014
b Long, slow climb
b Euro Has First Back-to-Back Weekly Losses Since November on ECB
e Jada Pinkett Smith reacts to Willow Smith and Moises Arias photos
e Fire Dept: Use fireworks safely
t Police in 40 Counties Boost Seat Belt Enforcement
t Netflix begins 4K streaming in US
b Starbucks-owned chain to test burgers
t Facebook's Adam Kramer defends controversial emotion manipulating study
b Stocks halt four-day win streak; Treasury yields drop
t Dropbox wants to be ingrained in your smartphone
b There are deliberate attempts to destabilise the banking system-Bulgaria's  ...
t Having a field day
b Darden Restaurants Sells Red Lobster for $2.1 Billion
t Google Is Making Peace With Chromebook Pixel Owners With $150 Credits
b Paribas likely to face ban on dollar clearing
e 'Bachelorette' Andi narrows down to Final Four
m Polio Declared An International Health Emergency
b GameStop Corp. (GME) Releases Q2 Earnings Guidance
e Promoters “don't know” if remaining Garth Brooks concerts will go ahead
t New Delhi tops list of cities with dirtiest air
e Scarlett Johansson Is Still Holding Out For A Black Widow Movie
b Argentina remains defiant on debt
b Volkswagen Reportedly In Talks To Buy Fiat
t Halo 5 in 2015 opens the door for Halo 2 Anniversary in 2014
b Search for missing Malaysia Airlines plane suspended for bad weather
b Greece marks strong return to bond market after car bomb
t AOL says security breach may have exposed a 'significant number' of users  ...
m Is ADHD A Real Thing? This Doctor Doesn't Think So
e Justin Bieber Accused of Attempted Robbery at Dave & Buster's
b Etihad said to pick 49% in Alitalia
b Amazon.com Unveils 'Fire Phone' Smartphone
m Gov. Cuomo's plan to end HIV/AIDS crisis commands praise from Elton John's  ...
b Senate bill pushes to close NC coal ash ponds
t Google I/O 2014 Roundup: What To Expect
m Scans can be vital in judging severity of brain damage
b Stock futures jump, lifted by Apple and Facebook
b Fewer new generic drugs dent Walgreen's quarterly profit
e Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez back on?
e Glastonbury 2014: The 1975 lift Sunday afternoon sprits
e Jodie Foster Marries Female Partner, And Ellen DeGeneres' Ex, Alexandra  ...
t GM Recalls 3 Mil. Vehicles in Just Two Months
m Fertility hopes raised as key to conception is discovered
b Greece says it has instructed international banks to issue 5-yr bond in  ...
e Sandra Bullock's Alleged Intruder: Disturbing Details!
t Google unveils Street View's very own 'time machine'
t Kepler finds new Earth-like planet 500 light-years away
e Britney Spears works out in a futuristic silver suit
e MOVIE REVIEW: 'Draft Day' more than a football movie
t 'Burger King Baby' Katheryn Deprill Finds Birth Mom After 27 Years
b European Markets Rise, Orion Surges
e The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back  ...
t Chinese smartphone brand Xiaomi is coming to India in 2014
e Teen suspected of tweeting terrorist threat is arrested, report says
e Miranda Kerr's Optimistic Florals
e Marvel Comics unveils black Captain America
e WATCH: James Franco opens up about bizarre, half-naked Instagram selfie on  ...
e Jupiter Ascending Moved To February 2015
b Malaysian Airlines says 'plane missing'
t Report: Facebook Is Building an App to Take On Snapchat (Again)
t Buy A Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro 8.4 And Get A £100 Google Play Voucher
t Samsung Galaxy S4 Android 4.4.3 KitKat Update Release Date News
t 2-year-old's bare-bottom photo creates Facebook flap
e Freddie Prinze Jr "hated every moment" of 24
m Feds pick first CEO for HealthCare.gov
t Microsoft closes Windows XP
t 'Destiny' Game Rumors: Activision Blizzard 'Intends To Spend $500 Million  ...
e Coney Island Amusement Park Opens for Season
m Drinking alcohol, even in 'safe' amounts, doubles the risk of severe memory loss  ...
m Texas Confirms First Human Case Of Chikungunya, A Mosquito-Borne Illness
m Diabetic heart attacks and strokes are plummeting, new study finds
t Google Now adds bill pay reminders
e Lorde Finally Met The Baseball Player Who Inspired "Royals"
m Consumer Reports: Overuse of C-sections
t Google might unveil new Android TV set-top box Wednesday: Report
t Rumored Samsung Galaxy F pops up in leaked photos
e JK Rowling Just Released a New Harry Potter Story Online
m Electrical Spinal Cord Stimulation Helps Patients Move (Video)
b AAA Predicts Travel Spike for Memorial Day Weekend
b Scam alert | IRS warns of massive tax scam
e ComingSoon.net's 2014 Tribeca Film Festival Preview in Pictures
m Arrests, warrants in bag theft case at LA airport
e Why Jude Law walked around the set of his new movie stark naked...
e Anna Kendrick hosts 'Saturday Night Live': How did she do?
t July 4th Travel to Be Up in SC; So Will Gas Prices
b Study: Methane releases from natural gas drilling higher than EPA estimates
b EUROPE MARKETS: Stoxx 600 Takes A Breather As Erste Bank Drops In Europe
b Seized tanker returned to Tripoli
e Johnny Depp subpoenaed to testify in a murder trial
t Study reveals why zebras have stripes
b Oil futures ease, with Brent around $113 a barrel
e In Memoriam: Top 5 'Game of Thrones' Deaths From Season 4
m Latest information on search for missing jet
e Trinity Church in Waltham offers Holy Week services
t Almost half of the 974 million Twitter accounts may be fake
m Injecting gene into heart muscle may replace pacemaker
b The search and identification process for Malaysia jet debris recovery, how it  ...
e A summer blockbuster in April, “Captain America: The Winter Soldier”
t Media outlets in Europe along with the BBC doesn't want to be forgotten by  ...
b Netflix prepares to raise prices after strong 1Q
t Notre Dame researcher had role in discovery of Earth-like planet
b Germany Starts Gas Deliveries to Ukraine
e Morgan Freeman on helium is today's fun talker
m Rep. Waxman Statement on the Resignation of Secretary Sebelius
t Xbox One Coming to China in Sept.
e Justin Bieber Apologizes For Using The N-Word [VIDEO]
t Japanese automakers recall 3 mn vehicles globally for airbag
b JPMorgan Earnings Fall Short of Expectations
t Comic Fans Speak Out Against Cosmos Remake
t Think your password's strong enough? Think again
t VIDEO | Sky-watchers see 'blood moon' in total lunar eclipse
e Jay Z Attacked By Beyonce's Sister
t Apollo Astronaut Pictures: 23 Proofs That The Moon Explorers Were Badass
m Wetter winter brings more sneezing, suffering
b Report projects health care costs to dip slightly
e Drew Barrymore gives birth to second child, a girl
t Study Strengthens Link Between Neonicotinoids And Collapse Of Honey Bee  ...
e Miley Cyrus rushed to hospital!
e Kim Kardashian Gives Kanye West a $20 Birthday Present; Bachelorette Andi  ...
t In brief: Tech workers may get $4000 each in settlement
e Casey Kasem's Daughter Granted Expanded Powers by Judge
e WWII Hero, Angelina Jolie Film Subject, Louis Zamperini Dies at 97
b Fiat Chrysler shares plunge after poor results
t Apple, IBM launch partnership for mobile enterprise apps, services, more
b The months around the government shutdown posted the best economic growth  ...
b Stocks move higher as investors assess US economy and earnings; Carnival falls
e Legendary: Gareth Edwards Still Directing Godzilla 2
t Another 'in-the-know' says Microsoft's wearable will be a wristband, not a watch
e Christian Grey smoulders in first official Fifty Shades of Grey picture
b Wall Street holds its nerve, investors mull Ukraine worries
e Prince Releases New Single, Buries The Hatchet With Former Record Label
t LG G3 Specs: Flagship Phone Revealed, Packs Powerful Hardware And Huge  ...
e Amber Heard Opens Up About Engagement To Johnny Depp
t Nadella touts new opportunities, unveils Skype translation
b 400 feet separated jets above Houston airport
b Tesla shares short-circuit after earnings report
e 'Criminal Minds' Season 10 Spoilers: Jennifer Love Hewitt To Join BAU As An  ...
e Rosie O'Donnell close to signing deal with "The View"
t iPhone 6: Battery life may not be improved
b TrueCar raises $70 million in IPO, shares rise 12% after trading debut
t WhatsApp insists it won't collect or store data, saying 'Respect for your privacy is  ...
m DOH: Vibrio not 'flesh-eating disease'
e Holy party crashers, Batman! Ben Affleck hits kids' Superman party
e Rihanna bares all on the red carpet
t Samsung Gear Live with Android Wear goes up for pre-order in the UK
e 'Bachelorette' Horror: Contestant Eric Hill Dies in Paragliding Accident
b Taco Bell to unveil US Taco, a fast-casual taco mash-up concept
e George Lucas Picks Chicago For Museum, 'Star Wars' Included
t Facebook introduces 'missed call' advertising for cost-conscious Indians
m Nurses Play a Vital Role During Dangerous Outbreaks
e Two New TV Spots Released for Dawn of the Planet of the Apes
t Take a Walk With RunKeeper's Breeze App
e Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams Fought Constantly While Filming The  ...
t International police operation against Gameover Zeus botnet and Cryptolocker  ...
e Bachelorette 2014 Episode 8 Promo: Andi and the Guys Find Out About Eric Hill  ...
t Apple Debuts CarPlay In-Vehicle Technology With iOS 7.1 Release
t HTC One M8: specs, price and stockists
t Official complaint filed over Facebook emotion study
b Rancher's son freed after arrest by BLM agents collecting cattle from range  ...
e Game of Thrones' Showrunner DB Weiss on How the Show Will Handle Its Aging  ...
b US auto sales hit 7-year high
b Military Budgets Fall in the West, Rise in China, Russia, Middle East
t Frenemies: A Brief History of Apple and IBM Partnerships
t Greenland tundra found under ice
e Minecraft Xbox DLC: Guardians of the Galaxy Skin Pack revealed – first pics
e Dancing With the Stars 2014: Danica McKellar and Val Chmerkovskiy's Week 7  ...
e Community scores last-minute renewal
e Lohan lied about alleged former lovers list: Franco
e Jay Z Will Do 'Absolutely Anything To Save His Marriage' To Beyonce
m Baby goat takes his first steps, thanks to wheelchair
e It's time for John Oliver's 'Last Week Tonight'
e Game of Thrones' wicked Purple Wedding nets 793000 viewers
b Further Signs Of A Market Bottom Are Building
b The Growing Puzzle over Obamacare Enrollment
e Rosie O'Donnell rejoining View
e Lindsay Lohan Reveals She Had a Miscarriage While Filming OWN Show
b King Digital (KING): Valuation Matters
b Angela Ahrendts' big first week as queen of Apple retail
t US warns of wide climate impact
e Zendaya Will Not Play Aaliyah in TV Film Citing 'Production' Issues
e E!'s 'Chelsea Lately' To End In August, Leaving Chelsea Handler A Free Agent
e Jazz singer Jimmy Scott dies, 88
t Microsoft Finalizes Plans to Sell the Xbox One in China
t Samsung Gear Fit Available for $99 On Amazon
b Franken Says He is Against Comcast/TWC 'Right Now'
t NHTSA says more than 13 killed in GM recalled cars
e Word Balloons: New mutants debut in 'X-Men: Days of Future Past'
t Google Knew About Heartbleed And Didn't Tell The Government
b Oracle shares drop four per cent as investors dissatisfied with Q3 revenues
b JC Penney Posts 1Q Beat as Sales Rebound
e Cameron Diaz Exposes 'Everything' For 'Sex Tape' Role
b Wal-Mart to let shoppers exchange used videogames
b World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) Was Pummeled After New TV Deal  ...
t Video Sent from Space Station Using Laser Technology
t UAE Plans Mars Exploration Program
e Dave Bautista guards the 'Galaxy' as Drax the Destroyer
t HTC One M8, like the model before it, earns poor repairability score
b NC regulators cite Duke Energy for crack in dam
t Snapchat settles FTC charges saying it deceived customers, misrepresented  ...
e Willow Smith's parents under investigation by child protective services
e Why '22 Jump Street' Took Off at the Box Office #8211; and 'Dragon 2' Didn't  ...
m See safety scores received by West Michigan hospitals in national evaluation
b Object Captured By Satellite On March 18, Says China
e MORNING BRIEFING: Bloomsday, a lime shortage and the circus
e Ebert documentary a revealing, personal portrait
b Toyota Doubles its Annual Profits
t Nintendo to target emerging markets in '15
e Lindsay Lohan miscarriage revealed in tearful documentary finale
t Apple Inc. (AAPL) should Pass on Beats: Too Expensive, Too Competitive
m FDA backs off fight against against wood-aged cheese
e Khloe Kardashian to Selena Gomez: 'Don't F**k with My Little Sisters,' Reality  ...
t Microsoft confirms the Xbox One will go on sale in China in September, stays  ...
t Japan to press ahead with 'scientific whaling' in Pacific
e Bachelorette contestent Eric Hill dies after paragliding accident
b Inflation rise stalls wage hopes
t Chrysler should begin UAW contract talks now: Marchionne
b Weekly commodity wrap-up
e Kim Kardashian Convinced 'I'm Going To Get Pregnant Really Soon' After Visit  ...
e April's AMAZING SPIDER-MAN #1 Pushes 2014 Comic Book Sales Up Over  ...
m Medication Take Back set for April 26
m HHS names new CEO of health insurance marketplace
t Samsung Galaxy Grand 2 vs Sony Xperia C – Specs and Price Comparison
t New Super-Heavy Element 117 'Ununseptium' Confirmed By Scientists
b Bank of America offers $13 billion to settle mortgage probe: report
e Teens React to Nirvana: The Good, the Bad, and the Grunge
e Mick Jagger Slams "Horrible" L'Wren Scott Split Rumor, Rolling Stones Cancel  ...
e North West Shows Off Fashion Style With Dad Kanye West
t General Motors announces new engine, Cadillac production at Tenn. plant
t Massive dinosaurs unveiled in Argentina
e Colin Firth Exits as Bear Voice in 'Paddington'
m Generation of tanners sees melanoma spike
t Dr. Dre Appears to Confirm Apple's Acquisition of Beats [Video]
t Facebook down, (Update: and it's back)
t Is Nike exiting from FuelBand fitness wearable business?
b AAA: 41 million people to travel for Independence Day
b Mortgage apps decline 1.2% week after big spike
t Elon Musk opens up Tesla patents; it 'isn't entirely altruistic'
e Beyonce amd Jay Z on rocks: report
m Fever delays Jim Kelly's chemotherapy
e 'Sons of Anarchy' Season 7 adds Courtney Love as a preschool teacher
e Director Edgar Wright Exits Marvel's 'Ant-Man' Over Creative Differences
m State Senate will determine fate of medical marijuana
e Did Miley Cyrus ruin cancer patient's special moment?
t Secret Study Conducted On Facebook Users
t Consent and ethics in Facebook's emotional manipulation study
b Walmart recalls doll due to fire hazard
e We Sent Two Transformers Veterans to Age of Extinction, and Even They Couldn  ...
b Wheat vs. Rice: How China's North-South Culinary Divide Shapes Personality
e Lady Gaga's Fans Serenade Her Outside Gig To Celebrate Birthday - Watch
t Facebook investigated over secret experiment on users
e Tinder dating app to get verified accounts for lonely celebs
e 'True Detective' director Cary Fukunaga with Matthew McConaughey.
e Pink Floyd to release new album in October
b Arizona jobless rate holds steady at 7.3 percent
t Microsoft tests demand for $199 laptop, biting back at Google Chromebooks
t Cisco Systems is spending $1 billion on cloud computing
m West Nile traps test positive in Canyon County
e Philippine bishops pour cold water on ice bucket challenge
t Apple nears deal to buy Dr. Dre's Beats Electronics for $3.2 billion
t Astronomers Discover White Dwarf Star Made of Diamond
t GM recall: Many victims were young drivers
e Beyonce Covers Time 100 Issue, Praised as Authentic "Full-Time Mother"
e Miley Cyrus Rushed to Hospital After Severe Allergic Reaction, Concert in  ...
t Scientists find evidence of 'oceans' at Earth's centre
e Box Office: 'Transformers: Age Of Extinction' Makes A Record Breaking $301  ...
t Don't Expect To See The iWatch Or Revamped Apple TV Unveiled At WWDC 2014
t U.S. Auto Sales Surge in May
t US plan to end ICANN oversight jeopardizes Internet freedom
b UPDATE 4-Chiquita and Fyffes join to make world's biggest banana firm
e MET Gala 2014 Fashion: Who Wore It Best?
t 'I would do it again': NSA leaker Snowden
e Casey Kasem -- Daughters Release Body to Widow
t Facebook Off 6% on $2 Billion Virtual Reality Buy; Acquisition Streak Gives  ...
m Obesity Linked To Ovarian Cancer: Study
b Tips for Late Taxpayers
b Alibaba Group hopes to generate $1 billion with IPO
e Miley Cyrus licks giant inflatable penis in surprise gig
t Google and Amazon in Same-Day Delivery Duel
e Dance music world mourns Frankie Knuckles, the 'Godfather of House', dead at 59
t Johns Hopkins cosmologist shares in excitement over Big Bang breakthrough
t Vulnerable To 'Heartbleed' Bug, Obamacare Subscribers Told To Change  ...
b Ford: No Rush To Buy After Earnings
t A Smartwatch Version of Android Is Reportedly Coming Soon
e Morgan Freeman (finally!) reveals what he sounds like on helium
b Russia agrees to turn over some weapons to Ukraine
t A Chrome OS tablet? Don't hold your breath
e 'American Idol XIII' top 6 review: Jessica Meuse vs. judges; Alex Preston, Caleb  ...
t Amazon Expected To Bring Smart Phone To Market
e Seth MacFarlane's A Million Ways To Die In The West Nails a Trick Shot
e Idina Menzel on Travolta Oscars gaffe: 'I've benefitted from it'
b Tinder (Somehow) Is Valued at $5 BILLION
e Ciara Reveals Name of her Newborn Son, Future Zahir Wilburn
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's wedding photo booth
t Criminals, Rogues Have Upper Hand With Cyber Threats
b Amazon snares classic shows in deal with HBO
b 3D Systems Now Covered by Analysts at Imperial Capital (DDD)
b Fourteen airlines to use DWC while Dubai International Airport runways are closed
e Lana Del Rey Explains 'I Wish I Was Dead' Quote to Frances Bean Cobain
b Investors Realize Partial Exits In JD.Com's $1.78B IPO
t Tesla's (TSLA) Musk On Colonizing the Red Planet
e Lana Del Rey scores second Number 1 album
m Study supports diet soda's potential for weight management
m Study Finds Produce, Restaurants Most Likely To Give Consumers Foodborne  ...
b Marchionne: Fiat Chrysler Can Boost Output To 6M Cars
m DOH: NorMin, HIV-AIDS hot spot
e Miley Cyrus on Elle May 2014 Cover Issue! See Shocking PHOTO
b US regular gasoline prices rise to highest average at $3.98 a gallon
t HTC Goes “Blah Blah Blah” In The First HTC One M8 Ad
m Girl Dies After Exposure To 'Brain-Eating Amoeba'
e Tony Awards nominations snubs: 'Cabaret,' Daniel Radcliffe, 'Of Mice and Men'
m Discovery of West Nile virus in South Bay prompts mosquito fogging
e Multifaceted film, stage and TV actor Eli Wallach dies at 98
b Aust bonds stronger ahead of testimony
e Destiny's Child Reunited for Michelle Williams' New Music Video
b Historic $1.8 Billion Penalty Finalized Against Cohen's SAC Capital Advisors
t Samsung Galaxy K zoom Vs Samsung Galaxy S4 zoom: The In-House Camera  ...
e Beyoncé Leads 2014 MTV Video Music Awards
t New Twitter Ads Feature 'Download' Button
t eBay data breach could reach historic proportions
t LG's G3 Smartphone Has Eye-Popping Resolution, Laser-Focusing Camera
e Jimmy Page wants a Led Zeppelin reunion, Robert Plant seemingly doesn't
e 'Girls Gone Wild' founder Joe Francis arrested on assault charge after scuffle  ...
e Neighbors cast members name their favorite frat films
b Satellites spot new objects in jet search
e US: More than a million people to attend New York Pride parade
t First Impressions and Hands On of Android L
e Backlash swift on One Direction pot video
m Healthcare Oversold Stocks: MannKind Corporation (NASDAQ:MNKD), Prana  ...
e How does it feel? Dylan's 'Like a Rolling Stone' draft sells for $2m.
e James Franco Defends Risky Underwear Selfie
t Android and Windows phones will feature a remote kill switch
b PPG Industries Buying Comex For $2.3B
b Samsung Electronics Forecasts 25 Percent Fall in Q2 Operating Profit
m Report: E-cigarettes appealing to kids
e 'Divergent': Big fun in a grim Chicago
e Angelina Jolie named honorary dame by British
t White House announces strategy to save the honeybees
b LinkedIn revenue climbs on strong ad gains
t Forget smartwatches: Microsoft working on a fitness band
e 'The Good Wife': Will's Final Call Leaves Unanswered Questions (Poll)
e HBO's Game of Thrones 'The Children,' Some Thoughts
t Teen Has a Plan to Save the Government $400 Million
b Brisbane no closer to Uber app approval
t Web Extra: The Price for Iraq's Unrest
b Govt policies won't bolster economic growth - S&P
b Dubai's Emirates Airlines Cancels Order for 70 Airbus A350s
m Veterans on Secret List Die Waiting
e Tributes pour in for the champion of magic realism Gabriel Marquez
e Tracy Morgan's Condition Has Improved 'Fairly' Following Fatal Car Crash: 'His  ...
t Chromebook Pixel LTE owners lose free data plan, Google and Verizon respond
e HBO Renews Veep and Silicon Valley
b DOCTOR'S ORDERS
e Trailer : Hercules
b AAA expects slight travel boost for Memorial Day weekend
m Banned Hormone to Athletes May Help the Brains of Premature Babies
e Who's The Lucky Guy? Lana Del Rey Moving On From Barrie-James O'Neill With  ...
e Solange, Jay Z Get Into Scuffle at Met Gala: Report
m Suffolk Ebola victim described poverty in Africa
b FAA investigating near-miss between 2 planes near Bush IAH
b Taco Bell enlists real-life Ronald McDonalds for ad
b Japan business confidence worsens in Q2
e Miss Piggy talks Muppets Most Wanted
b Weibo cuts IPO size amid selloff in technology stocks
b Murdoch's Fox bid for Time Warner is rejected
t Google's Ara Modular Phone Set for Sale in January for $50
e George RR Martin Is A Horrible Wedding Planner
b We Just Learned Satya Nadella's Master Plan For Microsoft
b Statement on the 2014 Social Security Trustees' Report
e NBC Wins 2013-14 September-to-May Primetime Television Season
e NFL Wants M.I.A. To Pay $16.6 Million For Middle Finger Incident
m Spinal Cord Research Helps Paralyzed Men Move
t Intro to Internet neutrality
b General Motors (GM) Appoints New Global Vehicle Safety Chief
e George Stephanopoulos Promoted To ABC News Chief Anchor, Diane Sawyer  ...
t Honda, Nissan, Mazda recall 3m vehicles because of exploding airbags
e MUSIC REVIEW: Coldplay: Love, loss and synthesizers
b Erdogan's error
m Blood test accurately rules out heart attacks
m Regeneron Gains as Eye Drug Approved for Expanded Use
b New home sales rebound, inventories at 3-1/2 year high
e Actor Michael Jace pleaded not guilty to murder charges
e GWAR frontman David Brockie found dead in Virginia home
e Oscars party organizers move annual event from the Beverly Hills Hotel as  ...
b REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
e Legendary star Rooney dies at 93
t C:\ Microsoft releases MS-DOS source code
t Why the Surface Pro 3 is a Problem for Microsoft's Partners
b Day of mourning shows nation divided
e X-Men Gang Towers Over Holiday Box Office
t BlackBerry Ltd narrows loss in fourth quarter despite steeper drop in revenue
b Will This Downgrade Hurt Alcoa (AA) Stock?
t Google gets in gear with self-driving car
b EUR/USD firmer, eyes on 1.3800
e 'True Blood' series finale: Should Bill and Sookie end up together?
e Romance rumor du jour: Is Selena Gomez cozying up to Orlando Bloom?
e Box Office: 'Transcendence' flops as 'Captain America' stays at No. 1 on Friday
e The Walking Dead: What Is Terminus, Really?
t FCC to Decide on Internet Speeds
t 101 Geysers Identified on Enceladus, Saturn's moon
b Half of uninsured plan to go without coverage past deadline
t Vicious Heartbleed bug bites millions of Android phones, other devices
t Hackers take down Playstation network
b Target expands subscription service
m Should home health aides be allowed to do more?
b JPMorgan's Dimon Diagnosed with Throat Cancer
e Mariah Carey made husband Nick Cannon 'wait'
t Nokia Lumia 830 Windows Phone Boasts of Classy Chassis, iPhone 6-esque  ...
b Netflix prices poised to be raised
e Can Twitter Revive Its Music App?
b American Apparel adopts stockholder rights plan
b Ford to replace CEO Mulally in 2014: Report
t Titanfall Midnight Release Locations: Gamestop, Best Buy And More Offering  ...
t T-Mobile adds free radio for unlimited customers, streaming music won't count  ...
m Heartless Mom Allegedly Faked Cancer to Rob Friends & Family of Thousands
e Hilary Duff Resurrects Lizzie McGuire for Adorkable "Chasing the Sun" Video
e Cara Delevingne & Michelle Rodriguez Get Hot & Heavy In Mexico
e 10 Important Things to Remember from Season Six of Mad Men
e New details emerge about California mass killer and victims
e The 10 Smartest Celebrities On Twitter, According To Time Magazine
b Economy 'paused' before rebound, Yellen says
e Neil Patrick Harris' 'Choose Your Own Adventure'-style autobiography: See the  ...
e 'Like a Rolling Stone' draft could sell for $2M - WNEM TV 5
e Bryan Singer Sex Abuse Suit Will Be First Of Many, Says Attorney In Case  ...
b Feds say it's time to regulate Big Data
m Foodborne illnesses more likely to come from restaurants, analysis shows
b Crude futures continue to churn beneath the century mark
e Dave Coulier Shiness Love On Marries Melissa
b Lululemon's Problem Might Just Be Sell-Through, Not See-Through
t Fixing faulty ignition switch would have cost just 57 cents, US hearing told
e MuchMusic Video Awards 2014: Watch Ariana Grande And Ed Sheeran Perform  ...
m Saturated Fats Alone Doesn't Cause Heart Disease Risk: Omega-3s May Have  ...
e Can 'Community' Be Saved?
e Ice Cube: 'Ride Along' was 'robbed' at MTV awards
b France's Alstom confirms $17 billion offer from GE
t Office for iPad requires Office 365 subscription to be fully useful
e Life Itself: A Barroom Eulogy for Roger Ebert
t Google Glass Launches in United Kingdom, Marking Device's Second Location  ...
t Astronauts dock with space station
b Thursday, March 13 2014 07:45 AM
t Amazon's "Kindle Unlimited" is All You Can Read eBooks for $9.99 per Month  ...
e Fashion group finds 18 million viewers in two days
e Beyoncé and Jay Z all smiles after lift attack video is leaked
m Egypt probing suspected MERS coronavirus death
m Polar Bears Are Fat, But Have Low Risk Of Heart Disease Thanks To Genetic  ...
b Now, California legalizes alternative currencies like Bitcoin, Dogecoin: Report
m Study: Young Teens Who Sext Also Get Busy
t Heartbleed fallout: If you signed up for Obamacare, it's time to change your  ...
m Fraud is a symptom of the profit motive in research
b Fox bid for Time Warner sparks content merger race (Update)
e David Muir replacing Diane Sawyer at ABC's 'World News'
e TOP 10 AT THE WEEKEND BOX OFFICE
e 'Captain America' actor Chris Evans backtracks on retirement hints
b JPMorgan Chase to invest $100M in Detroit
b Apple's New SVP Angela Ahrendts Receives A $68 Million Signing Bonus
e Justin Bieber on Selena Gomez: 'Don't ask me about her'
t How to do everything with the Samsung Galaxy S5
b Sally Beauty admits to payment card data breach
e John Mayer loves it when exes write songs about him
b Mt. Gox says it found 200000 bitcoins in 'forgotten' wallet
e Pharrell's Happy to play on loop for 13 days for charity
t ZTE begins selling Open C Firefox OS Phone on eBay for $99
b Cupcake chain Crumbs Bake Shop closes stores in LA, elsewhere
t Takata earnings hit by worldwide airbag recalls
e “Game of Thrones : S3E2″ Recap
b Will Gilead (GILD) Beat Q1 Earnings?
e 'Get On Up' movie review: James Brown biopic brings Godfather of Soul stirringly  ...
t Updated: Photos and video of last night's 'blood moon' or lunar eclipse
b Malaysia Airlines revamp: New start or false hope?
e 'Divergent' Takes On 'Muppets' At Box Office, But Which Is 'Most Wanted'?
e How I Met Your Mother Finale Proves Even The Writers Hated The Show
e Former NYT Executive Editor Jill Abramson Delivers Wake Forest  ...
t New York 2014: Volkswagen Jetta facelift to be shown
e Twitter Music service shuts down after poor user take-up
b US Fed bars shareholder payouts from Citi, 4 Others
e HBO Shows on Amazon Prime
t Nexus 5 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2: Which one is your choice ?
t Joystiq Check-In: Sony's Project Morpheus
e Jodie Foster marries partner Alexandra Hedison
e WikiLeaks case: Judge to mull Manning name change request
b Pandora to Raise Membership Plans
t Ralph Lauren Serves Up Wearable Tech
e Jukebox to celebrate Record Store Day with live music
t Twitter Is Quietly Building A $100 Million Business In Big Data
e George RR Martin has harsh words for impatient fans
e 'Breaking Bad' wins Emmy for best drama series
t Facebook Could Go Anonymous (Report)
e Awkward? Beyonce And Solange Attend First Party Since Elevator Bust-Up
b PF Chang's confirms theft of customers' credit and debit card data
e Bryan Cranston Makes Stage Door Prom Proposal For A Special Fan At ALL  ...
b Euro Turns Teflon as Market Bets on No Action from ECB
t Hawaii's honey bees part of US effort to save helpful insects
m Segway Maker's Amazing Lifelike “Luke” Prosthetic Arm Funded By DARPA  ...
b Hertz spinning off its equipment rental business for $2.5 billion
e Bad Neighbours review
b Deadline Day
b Summertime, and the Livin' Is Easy—If You're Big Oil
b New search area for missing Malaysia Airlines
e Megan's foxy seduction tips
b HanesBrands to Buy Rival DBApparel for About $544 Million
e SXSW 2014 Review: CHEF Cooks Up Profound Retrospect
e Newsmakers; Actor held in wife's slaying
b China manufacturing grows for first time in six months: HSBC
b Robot bartenders, a 300ft-high viewing capsule and 'virtual balconies' offering  ...
b U.S. home prices rise in May, but gains remain weak, index shows
e Miley Cyrus Tour Bus Catches on Fire!
t [E3 2014] - Destiny has Ambitious Plans for Co-Op Gamers
b The Weakest Links in Fed's Stress Tests
b McDonald's Is Serious About Its Custom Burgers
e L'Wren Scott funeral to be held in LA: Jagger spokeswoman
t EC slams Apple for lack of action on 'misleading' in-app purchases
e HGTV show featuring local brothers canceled over views
b Pfizer considering all options in AstraZeneca takeover
t Reporter Assaulted For Wearing Google Glass In Public
e Today is International Day of Happiness
t Facebook can manipulate your mood. It can affect whether you vote. When do  ...
b UK construction cools again in May, bottlenecks seen - Markit
m Hospital Charges in US Jump 10% to Treat Chest Pain
e Orange is the New Black author speaks at Lafayette
e Obama, other officials speak at September 11 Memorial dedication
b Tesla shares fall on $50 million 1Q loss as research and development costs rise
b Comcast Exec. Says $45B TWC Deal Could Temper Rates
b Better business activity in Europe: survey
e Friday Fashion Flashback: Celebrity Coachella Style Over the Years
b Apple Close To Buying Beats Electronics For $3.2 Billion: FT
e Halle Berry Lands on TV for 'Extant'
t You're not the only one that wants a more diverse set of emojis
e NeNe Leakes Dancing With the Stars Cha Cha Cha Video 3/17/14 #DWTS
e Are Demi Lovato And Selena Gomez Feuding? 'Really Don't Care' Singer  ...
e Ceylan's 'Winter Sleep' wins Cannes Palme d'Or (PHOTO)
t Google's Project Ara could be on sale in January 2015 for $50
t Photographer behind 'iconic' Windows XP wallpaper regrets missing out on  ...
e Maya Angelou | An Appreciation
e The Walking Dead Season 4 Finale Complete Character Death List
b Consumer Confidence Reaches 6-Year High, Yet Home Sales Fall
b JD.com CEO Liu awarded $591 mln share bonus ahead of IPO
e Floyd Mayweather Impromptu Fight Should Raise Questions for Future
b Canadian economy stalls, creates paltry 200 net jobs last month
e People learn more about campaign finance from Stephen Colbert than cable news
b Refinance and Mortgage Interest Rates at Chase Bank Sunday Jul 6, 2014
e 22 Jump Street has huge box office opening
e Taylor Swift and Selena Gomez Feuding Again After 'Jelena' Reunion, Reports
e Attorney: Anita Baker wants arrest warrant discharged
b Insider trading sting: $7m in assets seized as NAB employee, Bureau of  ...
e Prince returns to Warner Bros., new album due soon
e Hollywood's hot new couple? Orlando Bloom and Selena Gomez spark romance  ...
b Major Averages Firmly In The Red, Nasdaq Showing Particularly Steep Drop
b Colin Kaepernick Slams TMZ, Denies Sexual Assault Rumors
t LG Nexus 5 Or HTC One M8? Which Is The Best Android
m E-cigarette debate lights up House
t Amazon Appstore For Android Offers Some Free Apps This Weekend
e Andrew Garfield & Emma Stone Share A Coffee & Hand Sandwich In NYC!
e Jennifer Aniston, 'Justin Theroux Hijacks My Beauty Products'
b Dr. Dre Selling Beats For $3.2 BILLION To Apple!?!? Will He Use That Cash To  ...
t The big lesson from Nike abandoning the FuelBand? Smartphones are the only  ...
t iPads and iPhones to be offered by IBM for business users
e Avicii's Boston Concert Ends With Dozens of Fans Getting Hospitalized
e Play As Original Cast Members of Alien in New Alien: Isolation Game Pre-Order  ...
b Shell to cut stake in Woodside
t ​Consumers may be barred from suing General Mills for 'liking' company on  ...
b The 14 Tech Companies With The Best Pay
b Large-Scale Psychological Differences Within China Explained by Rice Versus  ...
e 'Transcendence' falters despite pedigree
e Macaulay Culkin, Harry Styles and Kylie Jenner & Jaden Smith land in our  ...
e Celebrity Buzz: Watch Weird Al Yankovic turn Pharrell's 'Happy' into 'Tacky'
t All New HTC One Press Shots Emerge as Company CEO Says Device is “More  ...
t NASA's explorer crashes on moon
e Farley Mowat dead at 92
b EUR/USD – Steady As Euro Manufacturing PMIs Slide
e Macklemore Under Fire for Wearing Alleged Anti-Semitic Costume (Watch)
e Mila Kunis: 'It was the best day of my life'
t Apple iPhone 6 Release Roundup: Apple Updates Can Get Rough Handling  ...
b Lufthansa Scraps Majority of Flights as Pilot Strike Looms
t Tech Analysis: Destiny alpha on PS4
e 'Sex Tape' Premieres in New York
m Coastal Sunrise Birthday and Anniversary Greetings for April 8, 2014
b BBM going strong with 85mn monthly active users
e James Franco Wants You To Know He Doesn't Belong On Lindsay Lohan's Sex  ...
e Collector of looted Nazi art dies; masterpieces in limbo
t Google Street View Now Lets You Go Back In Time
b Alibaba IPO highlights impish founder Jack Ma's rise to China's entrepreneur-in  ...
e Reports: Kanye West To Release 3-Hour Spoken Word Album
e Kanye West And Iggy Azalea Added To Los Angeles Made in America Festival  ...
b Coca-Cola to remove controversial ingredient after petition
t Internet Explorer Bug Warning: Don't Use Browser Until …
b India sticks to food stocks stand that could derail WTO, but US optimistic
e How To Train Your Dragon 2: How to let your fantasy take flight
e Melissa McCarthy's children have changed her life
e The Shield's Michael Chiklis joins American Horror Story: Freak Show
e Holy Week: When a stranger becomes a neighbor
m Baby Gorillas Are Just Like Us, Kind Of
m Murder trial of Oscar Pistorius to resume after 30-day observation at psychiatric  ...
t Youtube launches 60fps video playback
e Shia LaBeouf Drops 'Rock The Kasbah'
e Amazon is third most popular streaming media provider
e Awww! Elsa Pataky & Chris Hemsworth Share First Photo Of Their Infant Twins
e Zendaya no longer playing Aaliyah in TV film
e Russell Crowe's 'Noah' sails through a 3 Minute Movie Review
t Entry-level Google Nexus smartphone reportedly in the works
e Universal Studios: New Harry Potter area will open July 8
t Minyanville: Microsoft's hard sell for Surface event
e 'Bachelorette' star Andi Dorfman quits job as assistant district attorney, report says
b Yellen sees faster growth ahead for economy
b World Bank maintains East Asia growth at 7.1%
e Kanye West and Kim Kardashian Might Have A Secret Wedding
t Dear Apple: Drop Beats, Buy Spotify Instead
b Men's Wearhouse Confirms $65/Share Purchase of Jos. A. Bank
e 'Noah' banned in 3 countries
e HARRISON FORD ANKLE INJURY: ON SET OF STAR WARS 7 FILMING  ...
b Bill Nelson seeks local solution to expand Medicaid in Florida
e Man accusing X-Men director of sex abuse sues more Hollywood execs
t Google brings Pokémon to Google Maps
t Apple posts record Q2 revenue, with strong iPhone sales
e Japanese architect honored for creating temporary housing for disaster victims
b Mother of American worker imprisoned in Cuba dies
t Google Glass Now Available to Everyone After Years of Invite-Only Sales
b Why Alibaba's IPO Matters to Hollywood
m Insulin-producing cells are grown by scientists using cloning techniques
e 'Captain America' debuts on top
b Washington to start legal marijuana sales, weed shortage possible
e Weird Al Parodies Lorde, Releases Video For “Foil”
b PRECIOUS-Gold holds near 4-month low as ECB move on rates awaited
b Earnings and Value Duel for Exxon, Chevron and ConocoPhillips
e Canadians set to soar at Cannes 2014
e Dozens More Kurt Cobain Death Scene Photos Surface
e 'True Blood' Series Finale Review: "Thank You"
e The X-Men return with a blast
b Amazon confirms its fight with publishing giant Hachette is...
e “Dancing with the Stars” Kicks Off New Season Monday Night
b Company Update (NYSE:IBM): IBM profit cycle has bottomed, says Cantor
b Oklahoma Earthquake Epidemic Linked to Fracking Operations
e AP PHOTOS: Marking Jesus' journey on Good Friday
m The Guy Who Invented The Segway Made A Mind-Controlled Prosthetic Arm  ...
t Facebook Tracking Your Online Habits for Advertisements
b What Can We Expect From Today's ECB, BOE Decisions?
e 'Lost' Johnny Cash Album Finally Released from Vault
e 'Wizard of Oz' to screen in Millennium Park
m Prolonged Sitting Linked to Increased Risk of Certain Cancers
m Surprise, Children Are Not Asexual: Study Finds Correlation Between Middle  ...
t Apple v. Samsung: Judge refuses sales ban on Samsung smartphones
b Tough questions remain in Seattle Children's suit against insurance chief
t Construction to Begin on NASA Spacecraft Set to Visit Asteroid in 2018
e Jackson: I want Nick Fury film
b Health Insurance sign-up deadline extended for some
e Crude Jude brings role to life in 'Dom Hemingway'
t Harley-Davidson Goes Electric With The LiveWire
e Ariana Grande says fallout with her dad is the 'toughest' thing she's ever dealt with
b The Smart Ship, Royal Caribbean's Game Changing Cruise Ship
e Kim Kardashian Look-Alike Spent More Than $30000 on Complete Makeover
e Woman spends $36000 to look like Kim Kardashian
b - Mizkan Strongly Committed to Long-Term Growth of Ragu and Bertolli
t Spacecraft carrying Russian-US-German crew docks at International Space  ...
e Fox Cancels Dads, Enlisted, Surviving Jack and Rake
t How the new Apple/IBM alliance plans to dominate the enterprise mobility market
b Virgin America submits IPO filing
e Whoopi Goldberg pens first pot column
e Harry Potter returns ... sort of
b Obamacare Extension & #YourMomCares : The Obama Administration Extends  ...
m Questions Linger Over Vials of Smallpox Discovered 'Out in the Open'
b Big Day For Big Deals: Whiting Buys Cheap, Mylan Inverts, AECOM Goes Big
e How Dating Superman Changed Kaley Cuoco-Sweeting's Life
b Sector Update: Consumer Little Changed Near Close; Time Warner Holding  ...
e Canadian author Farley Mowat dead at 92
b Objects spotted in search for MH370 to be verified
t Skype to get 'real-time' translation feature by the end of 2014
e Brad Paisley Mocks Westboro Baptist Church With Funny Selfie
e Tony Award nominees unveiled
e Internet reacts to Jay-Z's elevator attack
m 12 million misdiagnoses occur yearly in U.S.
e Harrison Ford Injures Ankle in 'Star Wars' Set Millennium Falcon Mishap
e Scout Willis Bare Breasts Topless Nipples For Instagram Protest - Fights For  ...
e Armed guards for Casey Kasem?
b Irish ex-bank chairman cleared of fraud
b Nigeria:The New Belgium
e Amy Adams gives up first class ticket to US soldier
b Triple H In Tough Position With Talent Backstage, KENTA To WWE Update
e Gwen Stefani on 'The Voice' season 7
e April 2, 2014 in Culture & Ents // Review: The Walking Dead – Season 4 Finale
t Here are 10 hidden Galaxy S5 features you should check out right now
b 3 Key Themes, and 3 Picks, in the Energy Sector
t Another eaglet anticipated to hatch soon in Hays nest
e KISS Icon Paul Stanley Faces The Music
e Chris Martin buys break-up gift for Gwyneth Paltrow
t Android and the Open Automotive Alliance Move into the Next Phase
e US Radio Host Anthony Cumia Fired By Sirius XM Over Racially Charged Tweets
e “Game of Thrones” Recap: “Law & Order: King's Landing”
t CNBC Unwittingly Outs Apple's Tim Cook – But Didn't Everyone Know?
b BoE's Carney says UK economy's spare capacity may be more than 1.5 percent
b Lafarge and Holcim in $50bn merger talks
b The Home Depot Trading 2.4% Higher After Better-Than-Expected Earnings (HD)
b Argentinian Vice President Continues Cuban Visit
e Macklemore apologizes for 'Jew mocking' costume
e HBO's 'The Normal Heart' will tear at yours
b Ford Said to Decide on Fields as CEO as Mulally Plans Departure
t Microsoft to drop Nokia brand says executive
e The Other Woman review: Sorry Miss Diaz, but you really aren't that funny
b Barclays accused of 'dark pool fraud' in US lawsuit
e What is Cinco de Mayo?
b US Patent Office rules against Redskins name
t Qualcomm moves toward faster speeds
b Files Deleted From Malaysia Pilot's Flight Simulator
b Russian FM calls UN resolution over Crimea Referendum as "counterproductive"
b Happy 4th of July, The Fireworks Started Early The Dow Tops 17000!
e Spotify's Most Popular Song Is Also The Most Terrible Song
b Total net profit falls, yet to assess sanctions impact
b Ralph Nader New Letter Regarding Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac Fees
b FedEx charged with assisting in distribution of illegal drugs
m Study: People More Likely To Choose Spouses With Similar DNA
e L'Wren laid to rest in LA
t Ocean Winds Put Heat on Australia
e First Dibs: Is Juan Pablo The Worst Bachelor Ever?
t First Earth-size exoplanet in habitable zone found by Kepler
e Rolling Stones to play in Israel after L'Wren tragedy
b Toyota halts Indian auto production
e 5 Craziest, Annoying, and Vulgar Moments from Justin Bieber's Deposition
e Kim and Kanye postpone North's birthday
t Samsung looks to life beyond the smartphone
t This New Google Chromecast Feature Is a Huge Threat to Apple TV
e Batman's New Suit Isn't Actually Black
e Sherri Shepherd, Jenny McCarthy out at 'The View'
b House committee hears dire warnings on 38 Studios loan default
t Windows Phone 8.1 Folder Support Might Be Coming Soon
e Mickey Rooney to be laid to rest near other Hollywood luminaries
m Middlesex County Healthiest in Mass.; Hampden Worst
b Inequality insurance could be solution to future financial disaster
t Facebook cofounder's startup Asana seeks to rid work of email
b Kerry in India Pushes to Save WTO Deal Before Deadline
b Hundreds of passengers evacuated from Channel Tunnel after power failure
e 'Godzilla''s $93.2 Million Opening Weekend Second Biggest of 2014
e Need To Know: Miley's Bangerz Bus Goes Up In Flames
b Sudan says 151 rebels slain in Darfur fighting
b Michaels stock reflects its debt load
e Report: Fireworks injury rate in US highest in years
t Install Android v4.4.2 KitKat Fusion-SP Custom ROM for Samsung Galaxy S3 GT  ...
m Colon Cancer Rates Fall 30 Percent, Thanks to More Screenings
t Best Phone Of 2014: Galaxt S5, New HTC One, Xperia Z3 Or LG G3?
b Cleanup, containment underway after oil spills into Lake Michigan
e Muppets Most Wanted: CDL Movie Review
e Could powdered alcohol be on store shelves soon?
b US charges on China hackers cap 3-year pressure drive
e On Location Video: Northern Ireland trades The Troubles for Game of Thrones
m Marin ranked healthiest county in California
b UPDATE 1-Shell earnings fall on refinery impairments, cash flow improves
m This week in Washington - July 3, 2014
t Off-White Google Glass Sold Out Quickly
e Tonight's WWE Raw Preview: Ultimate Warrior Tribute, How Will HHH Punish  ...
b 9 hours ago AT&T agrees to buy DirecTV in $48.5B deal
e Scarlett Johansson keeps working despite being pregnant (VIDEO)
t Rare Leafcutter Bee Fossil Provides Insight to Environmental Ice Age Conditions
e 'Godzilla' tramples rivals with monster $93 mn debut
e Peaches Geldof's Juice Diet Death Due To Starvation - Extreme Weight Loss  ...
e Cinco De Mayo: Investing In Mexico
m Amedisys, home health company with several operations in West Alabama, to  ...
t Install Android v4.4.2 KitKat HaWKiSH Custom ROM for Samsung Galaxy Note 3  ...
t *Insert happy face* New emoji coming out in July
e Weather Channel returning to DirecTV after two sides reach deal
e How Savile and Harris must have haunted their victims
t NASA releases Earth Day 'global selfie'
m Formerly conjoined Texas twins go home
e Biggest MTV VMA Back Stage Shockers
t 'Watch Dogs' Launch Trailer Hypes Open World Experience
b UBS profit beats forecasts
t WWF-India celebrates 6 years of Earth Hour
m 2014 Xtreme Eating Awards: Chain restaurants with the most gut-busting meals
e Richard Attenborough dead: Steven Spielberg leads tributes to British actor and  ...
m Regional Ebola response centre to be set up in Guinea
e Man Stabbed At BET Awards Pre-Show Party Hosted By Meek Mill
e The Dish: Kimye get hitched in Florence, but Jay Z and Bey skip the wedding
e Easter on its own schedule
e Russell Crowe on nudity in Noah and rocks in his bits
b Free Affordable Care Act enrollment sessions to be held
e George RR Martin releases a chapter from 'Winds of Winter', the next book in the  ...
b SEC Fines New York Adviser For Whistle-blower Retaliation
b BP Cops To Ind. Crude Oil Spill As Investigation Continues
b Family Dollar to close 370 stores and cut jobs
m West Nile virus threat for summer in Texas unknown
t NASA Discovers the Best Evidence Yet That Life Exists Outside Our Solar System
e 'Game Of Thrones' Review: 'Breaker Of Chains'
e N. Korea identifies Gen. Hyon Yong Chol as defense minister
e Colombian novelist Garcia Marquez dies
b SAC Capital to Pay $1.8 Billion for Insider Trading
t FCC under siege from net neutrality lobbyists, extends public comment period
m 9-year-old girl banned from school for shaving head to support friend battling  ...
e 'Divergent' star Shailene Woodley hates dieting, loves yoga and barefoot running
e Kim Kardashian's Reaction to Parody 'Vogue' Covers Is a Total Shock (PHOTOS)
t Sony readies PlayStation 4 launch in China, prepares for a profitable 2015
t OkCupid admits recommending 'bad matches' to see if users would fall in love
t Microsoft Corporation targets $50 bn affordable mobile devices market
e Gregg Allman Takes Legal Action to Stop Biopic
m Ebola crisis in West Africa deepens; more than 500 dead
b IMF says recovery is becoming broader; Warns of low inflation in Eurozone
t This old video about Atari is like a wonderful video game time capsule
b Sotheby's Gives Loeb Board Seats, Avoiding Showdown
b Asian Shares Lower; Nikkei Falls After BOJ Meeting -- 2nd Update
e Cause of Death Revealed for Gwar's Dave Brockie
t There's A 'Blood Moon' Eclipse Tonight, But Will You Be Able To See It?
m Fasting Reduces Cholesterol Levels in Prediabetic People Over Extended  ...
e Recap: NBC The Voice Season 6 – Battle Rounds Night 3 + Videos
e See Pictures From Katie Couric's Hamptons Wedding!
b Applications for US jobless aid edge up to 304000
e Keith Urban, Nicole Kidman sing 'Amazing Grace' at children's hospital
e James Franco Talks 'Child Of God'
e 'Divergent' author: "It's been surreal" (w/video)
m 80% New Heroin Users in U.S., Study Reveals
b Los Angeles sues Time Warner Cable for $9.7M in past-due franchise fees
e ABC Confirms Marvel's "Agent Carter" Coming To The Small Screen To Bridge  ...
t QueryGrid of Teradata to power multi-database analytics
b Longing for Tax Freedom
t BlackBerry Shares Move On Windows Phone Announcement
m Foster Farms Salmonella Outbreak Sickens Hundreds, Ten in Nevada
t Video store to become charity furniture shop
e Pamela Anderson Discusses Past Sexual Abuse
e Miley Cyrus Receives $5000 Bangerz Cake For Tour Party — See the Expensive  ...
e Hasbro executive who helped create GI Joe dies
b Vancouver-bound flight in near miss at Houston airport
b UBS overhauls structure, offers investors extra cash
e 'Grease Live' set to air on Fox in 2015
t UPDATE 2-Microsoft Xbox One to launch in China on Sept. 23
b Hereâ€™s why Australia and New Zealand Banking Group has dropped 3% today
t Google: User info requests have jumped 120 percent in four years
b Deutsche Bank stocks drop after Qatari capital increase
e Coachella 2014: Weekend 2 artists, festival-goers dodge #rainchella
e For TV news, funny beats boring
b American dollar hits a wall as China prepares to leap into first place as world's  ...
b PHH, Citizens Bank Mortgage Interest Rates Worsen Wednesday Apr 16
t Microsoft Shows Off Real-Time, Spoken-Word Translation Service for Skype
t Microsoft to announce major layoffs as early as this week, sources say
b Prosecutors oppose McDonnell bid for more details
t The Best View You'll See of the Spring Equinox
b Government may require airlines to disclose their bag, seat fees
b Last words from jet after systems shutdown
b UPDATE 4-Brent up near $113 on supply worries as Iraq violence rises
b Urban water use restrictions expected for entire state
t Nokia Lumia 930 Release Date, Specs & Features: This Is The One You've Been  ...
e Beyonce and Jay Z: Divorce Speculation Hots up over Singer Mya Friendship
e 'Game of Thrones' Director: 'I Actually Laughed' While Filming Purple Wedding  ...
e Brady Bunch's housekeeper Alice dies at Texas home, aged 88
e Solange Knowles Finally Asked About Elevator Fight — Her Response? (VIDEO)
e Justin Bieber apologizes after Japan shrine visit sparks anger, trial pushed back
b Orton injured at Money in the Bank
m Michigan gov. against E-cigs
m Chia Powder Linked To Salmonella
e This was the single best scene in the “Mad Men” finale
e 'True Blood' season 7′s July episode synopses released
e 2014 BET Awards Best Female Hip-Hop Artist Nicki Minaj: 'I Really Thought I  ...
e 'Game of Thrones' draws huge ratings
t Scientist: 'Climate change is here and now'
b TECH STOCKS: EBay And Icahn Keep Trading Punches
b Japan to slash tariffs in trade deal
e Theron, Penn dazzle Dior as fashion gets political
b Sony seen as rejected from Japan shame index
t Apple designer's court testimony recalls birth of iPhone
m Austin Public Schools: April events raise awareness of autism
t Aftermarket CarPlay Systems Available Later This Year from Alpine
t Microsoft to shut down Xbox Entertainment Studios
e Nicki Minaj Manages To Show Off Top Cleavage AND Underboob At The  ...
b Whiting Petroleum to buy Kodiak Oil in $6 bln stock deal
e Star Wars: 'Day one' filming begins
b Gas prices are at their lowest levels of the summer: GasBuddy.com
b HP raises number of planned job cuts
b Japan security deal not aimed at China
e Police Find Wanted Man After He Posts Ice Bucket Challenge Video
m The FDA Taking Another Stab At Cracking Down On E-Cigarettes
b More Online Services Disrupted in China; Activists See Hong Kong Protests Link
e HGTV cancels show featuring conservative Christian activists, liberals applaud
t Fight over police officer's '0INK' vanity plate could end up in front of Indiana  ...
e Surprise Appearances And Severed Nipples On Latest Episode Of 'Mad Men'
t Destiny E3 2014 Multiplayer Impressions: Where Bungie's experience with Halo  ...
b Dow and S&P 500 index close at record highs
t Total lunar eclipse of 2014 guide is here
t Warnings issued for Microsoft Internet Explorer flaw
b Lawsuit filed in US court against Malaysia Airlines, Boeing
m Stepping Up the Pace Means Leaving Nobody Behind
e Relax, Archie isn't actually getting killed off
e Macklemore goes 'anyone who knows me' route in apology for dressing as  ...
t Rare occultation event set to take place early Thursday morning
t List of who is making Android Wear smartwatches: What is Google Android Wear?
e Inside Kim & Kanye's Lavish Wedding Rehearsal Dinner
t Full moon and Friday the 13th collide this week
t Business Wire
b Carlyle poaches Dimon protege
t Nokia expects Devices & Services sale to Microsoft on 25 April 2014
e Emma Stone And Andrew Garfield Use Paparazzi To Promote Charities
t Snapchat settles privacy complaint with FTC
b Daimler unveils self-driving truck prototype in Germany
b Lenovo overtakes Apple in US PC sales for the first time
t Why field service workers love their iPads
e First Look - Jimmy Fallon Takes TONIGHT SHOW to Orlando; Check Out  ...
b EUROPE MARKETS: BNP Pops Higher In Europe; Pound Rises To 2008 Levels
m DR Congo confirms first Ebola cases in 'new strain' of killer virus
t Why The Discovery Of Direct Evidence Of Cosmic Inflation Really Matters A Lot
e Country Music Singer And Redding Native Kevin Sharp Dead At 43
m Heavily fortified foods may be harmful to our children: study
t Flappy Bird Coming Back to Apple Store & Google Play: Creator Dong Nguyen  ...
t AT&T Hacker 'weev' Is Free, Because You Can't Prosecute a Hacker Just  ...
e Holocaust memoir's author to repay money
t Marc Marquez wins MotoGP title
e Drew Barrymore Welcomes Baby Number 2!
e Zendaya Steps Away from Aaliyah Biopic
b BHP Studies To Simplify Portfolio, To Focus On Iron Ore, Copper, Coal, Petroleum
b LATEST: Avoid 'non-essential' Eurostar travel after Channel Tunnel accident
e German owner of Nazi-looted art dies
e Neil Young unveils high-definition music store
b Tweet straight to your shopping cart
t Cousteau ends mission at undersea lab
e Mad Men Season 7: Live Stream, Premiere Date, Time, TV Info
e Kevin Costner's 'Draft Day' premiered today
b 27 May 2014 Tuesday newspaper round-up: TSB, Ukraine, Mario Draghi
e Kendall Jenner Hangs With Rihanna at the Met Gala
b DataPoint: On IPO Day, King.com Tops 300M MAUs
e Former TV Judge Joe Brown arrested in real life: media
e Gary Oldman Blasted for Repeating 'Anti-Jewish Tropes' in Defense of Mel Gibson
e Craig Ferguson to leave Late Late Show in December
b Mortgage Rates Thursday: PHH, Suntrust Mar 20
t Google gets take-down requests after EU court ruling
t Windows XP isn't going to disappear in 10 days
e Three Bodies Found In Elliot Rodger's Isla Vista Apartment
t Changes imminent in cable television?
e Ariana Grande "Break Free" (ft. Zedd)
t Google, Intel Have Just Announced A Whole Bunch Of New Chromebooks
b Pound Euro Exchange Rate: GBP Forecast to Remain Firm vs EUR, Breaks  ...
e TCA Award Nominees: True Detective vs. Breaking Bad
t Sony to sell PlayStation in...
b County considers tighter regulation of private events
m Rare Twins Pictured Holding Hands After Birth In Ohio (VIDEO)
b Tipping can be touchy, but app will make it easy
b Calif. sees record hot year; Midwest endured soggy June
t Artificial DNA breakthrough could lead to new drugs, treatments
b Kraft Recalls 1.2M Cases of Cottage Cheese Over Refrigeration Fears
e Russell Crowe talks of his love for South West Wales
b REPEAT: BoJ Keeps Policy Unchanged; Lifts Capital Spending Outlook
b Carl Icahn Wants eBay To Take 20% Of PayPal Public
b Audi Expects To Sell Half Million Cars In China This Year
m MERS Update: All Workers Test Negative
e Eric Hill Death Revealed On The Bachelorette, Andi Dorfman Breaks Down
t Getting closer: Microsoft unveils Skype Translator
e TV Tuesday: Dancing With the Stars names a winner (with video)
e Beyonce's Sister Attacks Jay-Z in Elevator : Was Solange Protecting 'Halo  ...
e Movie review: 'November Man' nothing to fall for as summer winds down
b Amaya Gaming buying owner of PokerStars, Full Tilt Poker brands for $4.9 billion
b British industrial output drops
t Spring forward: Las Vegas gas prices leap 2 cents
t Photo gallery: Supermoon around the world
e Matt Lauer Extends Contract with Today
e Cannes: Aishwarya, Bieber, DiCaprio raise $35m
m FDA approves first drug from Anacor Pharma, the toenail fungus treatment  ...
t Why won't you DIE? IBM's S/360 and its legacy at 50
b For CEOs, data breaches are expensive source of worry
b Record month for Jeep Patriot sales, Dart lagging
m Cheesecake Factory dominates CSPI's 2014 'Xtreme Eating Awards'
b More Americans to travel for July Fourth, AAA says
b Tim Geithner: Neither a god nor a devil
b GM's Recall Mea Culpa Creates Nightmare For Defense Counsel
m Men feel more pain post major surgery, women after minor
t Google Glass available to American public during one-day sale
t Microsoft changes course, won't access user data in theft probes
e Alice Cooper - Alice Cooper Pays Tribute To Late Guitarist
m In brief: Chicken with link to salmonella recalled
m The Cheesecake Factory 'Leads' the (Fanny) Pack at 2014 Xtreme Eating Awards
t Apple expands buybacks by $30bn, okays 7-for-1 stock split
m Ghana testing US citizen for Ebola
e Man suing 'X-Men' director Bryan Singer says he reported abuse; his claims  ...
t UPDATE 1-Amazon to buy live-streaming game site Twitch - WSJ
m Aerial spraying for West Nile virus set for north Sacramento County
b Enrollment help is out there
e Friday Freebies - May 9
e Kelly Osbourne's New Tattoo is in the Craziest Place Imaginable (PHOTO)
t Feds shut down "Cryptolocker" ransomware, "GameoverZeus" botnet
t Elephants quickly distinguish voices of ethnic groups
t Pluto and the Other Dwarf Planets Could Have Astrobiological Potential
t NASA's Planet-Hunting Kepler Telescope Is Getting A Second Chance
t Marquez grabs pole at Austin
t Spectacular fireball from space explodes over Russian city (VIDEO)
b Tim Hortons and Burger King eye global expansion with merger talks
b New Mexico bans text messaging by all drivers
e How Seth Rogen proved Ann Hornaday's point about Elliot Rodger
e See Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's gorgeous wedding photo booth snaps!
e Khloe Kardashian Resurrects The Ripped Denim Craze And It Is NOT Working  ...
e Obscene Image on US Airways Twitter Account Was First Tweeted by Upset  ...
t LG G3: Simply the Best Smartphone on the Market
t FCC Commissioners Call for Delay of Net Neutrality Vote
t Deal Alert: Sears Offers $105 Cashback, Free Case with Pre-order of 10.5  ...
b Fiat's losses widen to $465M on Chrysler deal
t Samsung compares Galaxy Tab Pro to Apple iPad Retina, Microsoft Surface  ...
t The Best Jokes and Memes About Google's New Self-Driving Car
e No More Snow: Is The 'Huntsman' Sequel Moving Forward Without Kristen  ...
b BOJ Seen Upbeat despite Japan Slowdown, Market Clamour for Easing
b Treasuries Rally as Uneven Recovery Bolsters Bond Sale
m The FDA approves lifesaving overdose device
e Review: SABOTAGE, A Genuinely Gripping And Suspenseful Thriller
m Implant Gets Power Through Flesh
b Cabbies protest private drivers in DC
b World stocks slide on Wall Street drop, Iraq violence
m Post-sex gel shows signs of promise
b China gold demand seen falling 17% this quarter
t Blood Moon Rising: How to Watch Tonight's Total Lunar Eclipse
t Massive underground reservoir of water, 'three times' the size of Earth's oceans,
e Celebrate Cinco de Mayo with These Movies and TV Episodes Set in Mexico
b Kraft Recalls 1.2 Million Cottage Cheese Products
b Economy in US Expands More Than Previously Estimated
t Netflix Calls for Stronger Rules on Handling of Web Traffic (2)
t Why Nike Is Stepping Back From Wearable Technology
t MediaTek unlikely to roll out chipset platforms supporting Windows Phone in 2014
t All New HTC One (2014) finagled in 14 minute hands-on; shows new camera  ...
e GAME OF THRONES 4.10 'The Children' Review
t Google Maps for iOS, Android update brings lane guidance, offline support and  ...
m JUDGE FINALLY ORDERS RELEASE OF ILL TEENAGE GIRL KIDNAPPEED BY  ...
t Watch the Remarkable Shrinking of Jupiter's Great Red Spot
t 'Burger King Baby' finds—and forgives—birth mom who abandoned her
t iPad Only App - Designed for iPad
b Zuckerberg reaps $3.3bn from shares
t Human-caused global warming may be irreversible says UN report
t Want Google Glass? You'll Get Your Chance on April 15
e Man dumps water on baby for ice bucket challenge
b Japan to keep using nuclear in new energy plan
e Prince returns for Essence's 20th celebration
b US Private Sector Job Growth Exceeds Economist Estimates In April
e A Hard Day's Night, review: 'roaringly funny'
m New malaria vaccine traps the disease inside the blood cells it infects
t Soft robotic fish swims “like real thing”
e Kim Kardashian Feature on Vogue Cover Harshly Criticised by Readers
e Hollywood Great Mickey Rooney Dies At 93
e The Bachelorette Runner-Up Nick Viall: 'I Was Completely Blindsided'
e Tori Spelling wants to "humiliate" Dean McDermott following cheating rumours.
m West Nile Virus Found in Va. Mosquitoes
m The Cheesecake Factory 'wins' awards for most calorie, fat and sodium content
b Ikea Will Raise The Minimum Wage For Its American Workers
m Insulin-producing cells created from skin cells of 32 year old woman
m Bariatric Surgery Cuts Uterine Cancer Risk by 71 Percent, Researchers Find
e Michael Strahan Is Joining The Cast Of Good Morning America, But Will He  ...
b Consumer Prices Up Slightly In March
m Some suffer from drug abuse, mental health issues
b Dollar: Stronger Spending and Claims Makes Fed Decision Easy
t Apple to shell out $30M on Swell radio app — report
m 'I'm a size 24 but I'm healthy and happy - so why should I lose weight?' Woman is  ...
m Survey Reveals Psoriasis and Psoriatic Arthritis Are Undertreated
t Heart Bleed Affected Websites, Mobile Apps Listed, Users Urged To Change  ...
b Health insurance deadline approaching
b Press Releases: Joint Statement on the Fifth India-US Strategic Dialogue
e Zac Efron Doesn't Want To Admit Drug Problem?
e 'Fifty Shades of Grey' movie...
b 'Candy Crush' maker to seek $7.6 billion IPO valuation later this month
e Ellen DeGeneres, Portia De Rossi Split? Divorce, Cheating Rumors Continue  ...
b NLRB ruling on McDonald's franchisees ignites firestorm
b Highway Trust Fund Running Short on $$$
b Target names CEO
t Rocket with 3-man crew lifts off for space station - KTVN Channel 2 - Reno  ...
t Facebook has a new app, but it's for VIPs only
b First Take: Candy got Crushed
m Eating in Restaurants Doubles Your Chance Of Getting Sick
b Who Is To Blame For The WWE's Stock Price Woes?
m Coming together for Relay for Life
e Captain America: The Winter Soldier:
e Mad Men Finale Recap: How to Succeed in Business (While Actually Dying)
t NSA Denies It Exploited Heartbleed Bug in Its Own Spying Efforts
t Facebook says WhatsApp deal cleared
t Tesla and Apple Reportedly Working on Cars Charged by iPhones
b Alcatel Lucent SA (ADR) (ALU) Posts Quarterly Earnings, Beats Expectations By  ...
t Don't Want Google in Your House? Some Home-Tech Startups to Watch
b Cantor Calls for Obamacare Enrollment Data After Newest Delay
b Johnson Controls division awarded $450M defense contract
m Don't wash chicken: UK warns its citizens
m MERS-CoV outbreak: infectious disease genomics in action
b China significantly weakens yuan
e 'You're Still Here?': A Brief History of the Movie Post-Credits Sequence
b FedEx charged with assisting illegal pharmacies by shipping drugs without  ...
e Should The Bachelorette Have Filmed the Reaction to Eric's Death? Show  ...
e Saldana's bearing trouble on 'Rosemary's Baby'
b Penguins fire GM Ray Shero
t Benchmarking the new HTC One: less cheating, better performance
b 2015 Mercedes B-Class facelift spied with minor changes
b Investors hope to stay on the upswing...Retail sales, business inventories due
t The Surprising Reason Neil Armstrong - And Not Buzz Aldrin - Was The First  ...
m Doctors implant lab-grown vaginas in four teenage girls with rare disorder
e EXCLUSIVE: See a Behind-the-Scenes Pic of Shailene Woodley and Ansel  ...
e New 'Game of Thrones' season 4 trailer has us counting the days until Winter  ...
m Republicans rant but offer no solutions
b Uber price cuts put new pressure on Lyft
b SanDisk to Acquire Fusion-io in $1.1 Billion Deal
e Emma Watson Makes a Fashion Splash in NYC!
e <i>Pretty Little Liars</i> Star Says Her Hips, Thighs &quot;Magically&quot  ...
m Hemorrhagic Fever Outbreak Reported In Guinea
t Addappt brings its dynamic address book to Android and revamps the iOS version
b Hashtag shopping: Amazon and Twitter team up for timeline purchases
e Tracy Morgan on the Mend, Upgraded to Fair Condition
e A Million Ways To Die In The West review
e Johnny Weir split gets uglier with potential court battle looming over family dog
b Wall Street ends down after record high: Sterling tumbles
e The Bachelorette 2014 Spoilers: Episode 5 Airs Tonight; Which Contestants  ...
t It's the Godzilla of Earths!
t Heartbleed Bug: Here's What It Is and Whether You Might Be Affected
e Kristen Bell, Jenna Dewan-Tatum, and more pose naked for Allure
m New Cholesterol Guidelines: Millions of US Adults Eligible for Statins
b Pfizer confirms merger discussions with AstraZeneca
e Video: 'Chelsea Lately' Sendoff Has A Boatload Of Celebs Parody 'We Are The  ...
t Could the patent wars soon be over? Apple and Google settle court battle and  ...
t Google Fit Could be the Company's Answer to Apple HealthKit
t Nintendo Banking on New Games to Return to Profitability This Year
m Country to know by weekend if suspected case is chikungunya
t Confirmed: 2012 particle is Higgs boson
m Long-term study shows vegetables and fruit are the key to long life
e Where are 'Full House' stars today?
e Kardashian puckers up with dolphin
b Yellen helps shore up markets
b Obama's emissions plan: Key questions
t Top T. Rex Skeleton Will Join Smithsonian Collection
b Barclays to cut 20000 jobs
b Google homes in on US solar
m Breast cancer gene linked to brain development
b Airlines Push For Guidance On Airspace Safety
m FDA Keeps Driving Up Future Cost of Inhalable Insulin
b Brooklyn one of fastest-growing counties in NY-NJ metro area
b Malaysian Jet Search Zone Shrunk as Simulator Data Probed
t Microsoft Loses on Tablet Market, Turns to Apple
b Boston Cabbies Protest Uber With 'Rolling Rally'
e Gas Prices continue to rise
t Destiny Multiplayer Alpha Footage Shows How Competitive Matches Will Play Out
e Tracy Morgan Now In Fair Condition, Says Rep
e 'Game of Thrones' premiere gives HBO top draw since 'Sopranos'
e Beyoncé and Jay Z's marriage heads for the rocks
b Nissan's quarterly profit soars 37%
e 'Peanuts Movie' Teaser Trailer Reveals CGI Makeover
b Equities fall on valuation fears
t Samsung Smartwatch Phone is Really Coming, Report Says
b Canadians' Tax Data Stolen In Heartbleed Breach
e FDR shown walking to seat in clip
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Now Official: Top 5 Key Features That Could Spell  ...
b ENERGY > Iraqi Kurdistan oil shipment to the world begins: Turkish minister
m Youths are smoking coffee now, apparently
e 'So Unsatisfied': The Walking Dead Season Finale Leaves Fans Disappointed
t Google Glass goes to the NBA - This is what a slam dunk really looks like
e Game of Thrones Author Responds to Controversial Rape Scene
e Love Female-Driven Movies? Stop Supporting Bad Ones Like Lucy
m Health: Keeping your body clear of colon cancer
t Google Glass available to anyone for one day
t Watch time lapse of the 'Blood Moon'
t MUST SEE: 'Global Selfie' of planet Earth
m Missouri slaughterhouse recalls more than 4000 pounds of beef over mad cow  ...
b IMF chief put under formal investigation
e Tribeca Films: 9 Little Movies with Big Stars
e Sigourney Weaver & original Alien cast return for Alien Isolation pre-order DLC
b Flipkart set to buy Myntra to take on Amazon
m As CO2 levels rise, some crop nutrients will fall
t Graco Recalling over 1.9 Million Car Seats for Infants
b British Pound (GBP) Exchange Rate Heading Back to Five-Year Highs
t German Scientists Confirm Element 117 is Real
b GM sales eyed for impact of recalls
b Case-Shiller: House prices up 12.3% in May
e 'GoT' recap: There's a new king in town
e Silicon Valley: “What's in a [company] name?" [TV recap, episode 3]
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Release Rumored To Be Unveiled In September At IFA  ...
e Mr. Met once had his life threatened by one of Bill Clinton's Secret Service agents
e The Hunger Games: Mockingjay, Part 1 1st trailer lands online
t Mercedes-Benz Vans: Sales success in France: Europcar adds 175 new  ...
e How to live stream Coachella 2014
t Great Britain to test driverless cars
t NASA Declares What Trekkies Knew All Along: William Shatner Rules
e Lindsay Lohan says she was almost in The Avengers
t Sprint and Spotify partnership rumored, Sprint users may get discounted Spotify  ...
b Iraq, oil price fears spook market
e Beyonce and Solange Bond in New Orleans — What Fight? (PHOTO)
t LA and Central Valley recorded to have worst air quality
t Week in Tech: Google gets us goggling with an L of an OS
b AOL Profits Fall on Higher Costs
m Trade Unions, Government and Employers Strike Deal on HIV AIDS in Workplace
e 'Rio 2' Set To Battle 'Captain America' Atop Box Office This Weekend
b Darden CEO has too much on his plate: critics
m Michigan Firm Recalls Ground Beef Products Due To Possible E. Coli O157:H7
t Government says no need to park recalled General Motors cars
b Good News: Everything Just Got More Expensive
b Office For iPad Adds Another Reason To Go Office 365
e Peaches not on drugs: friends
b Stop the Presses: Jordan's inflation in 2014...is down?!
b Allergan Rejects Hostile $53B Bid From Valeant, Ackman
t Graco recalls 1.9 million car seats in US
t Worldwide PC, Tablet market to show relative revival, study reports
b UPDATE 4-Nokia names leader of networks business turnaround as CEO
b Southwest Airlines Could Face $12 Million Fine
b Wyoming Gas Price Update
b GM Buyers Ask NY Judge For Recall Info After Calif. Dismissal
b 2021 census will be taken online to save £400million: Population count drops  ...
b Fed's Yellen: "Pockets" of higher risk taking in US
b Climate change report says farming and other businesses face huge losses
e 9 Problems Ariana Grande DEFINITELY Doesn't Have Because She's Perfect
t Twitch broadcasting now live on Xbox One
e Hold On To Your Underwear! 5SOS Are Performing 'Live From MTV' On Monday!
b AstraZeneca: Pfizer can only proceed with a £55 recommended bid
b Extreme-Sports Camera Maker GoPro Files for IPO
e Paul McCartney cancels Japan tour due to virus; Seoul concert still scheduled
t Rare 'new' meteor shower predicted for Saturday
b GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks slip on Fed official's rate hike call; sterling up
b Lockheed Wins $915M Contract To Build USAF Space Fence
e 'The Bachelorette' Recap: Andi Dorfman Learns About Eric Hill's Death
e Peaches Geldof remembered by celebrities at funeral today
e Seth Rogen and James Franco Mock Kimye Vogue Cover
e 'Sex Tape' with Cameron Diaz and Jason Segel not worth watching
t GM car sales up over last year despite recall woes
e Chris Martin's family break silence as Gwyneth Paltrow denies "ridiculous  ...
e AC/DC quit rumours shot down by friend
t Global Warming Panel Calls to Step Up Action to Avoid Catastrophe.
b Seven things to know about the Burger King deal with Tim Hortons
m Google X gathers health data, wants to improve lives
b Target hires new CIO to repair damaged security cred
e Emma Stone: Gwen Stacy is Spider-Man's equal
b OP-ED: Market could have solved health care problem
b Taking on 'Capital' Without Marx
e Zara pulls kids' shirt design resembling WW II concentration camp uniforms
b Stress test revisions 'an embarrassment' for the Fed
b Thursday newspaper round-up: Time Warner, Shire, BMW...
e 'True Blood' Season 7, Episode 2: They Don't Shoot Vampires, Do They?
t Average cost of gas in Rhode Island down another 4 cents; still 12 cents above  ...
e 'Game Of Thrones' Review: Season 4 Episode 3 'Breaker Of Chains'
t BlackBerry doubles down on security and IoT
b South African metal strike disrupts work at Eskom -building firm
b US July 4 travel expected to rise on improving consumer spending
b Hunt for MH370: Planes spot new debris
e Rolling Stone flubs Constitution tattoo on Julia Louis-Dreyfus
m It's Official: California Has a Whooping Cough Epidemic
b AT&T, DirecTV propose merger
t AAA: Iraq civil war pushing up gas prices in US
b Economy Shrank 2.9% in 1Q, Worst Drop Since '09
e Drew Barrymore has a 2nd baby girl, bends baby-naming guidelines
b Nokia device sales drop 30% as Microsoft finalises deal
b Murdoch's $14B Plan to Dominate Satellite TV
m Medics Are Struggling To Respond To The World's Worst Ebola Outbreak
m Relay raises more than $200000 for American Cancer Society
b Coldwater Creek announces bankruptcy; all stores to close
e Angelina Jolie Focusing On Directing
e Cold blood? You betcha!
t Amazon to Offer Free TV, Music Video Streaming Service
e Taylor Swift & Kenny Chesney Top Billboard's Top 40 Money Makers List
t Google IO: Android Auto
e Pharrell's 'Happy' continues run at BET Awards; shooting, stabbing cast shadow  ...
b Japan's flash PMI: Growth for first time in 3 months
e Warner Bros announces filming underway for 'Batman vs Superman'
e (Photo : Vevo Video Still) Hilary Duff
t Sneaky Facebook Study on Users' Emotions Draws Ire
e Beyonce, Jay-Z to perform at Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's wedding
t Wankel T. Rex Gets New Home at Smithsonian
t Tesla Is Latest Company To Open Patents To Rivals
m MCG Medical Students Take Part In Match Day
b Government makes debt payment on restructured bonds, blasts Washington for  ...
b Taco Bell taps Ronald McDonald to promote new breakfast menu
b HP CEO Meg Whitman appointed chairman
e 7 shows for your radar this week (March 31-April 6)
t Graco recalls nearly 2 million child-safety seats
b Investors flee tech stocks again, pummeling Nasdaq - Live5News.com  ...
t Rumors Start Flying About Halo 5 Mystery Character
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West wedding: 6 people who definitely won't be at  ...
e Why Drew Barrymore Considered Quitting the Movie Business
e Jessica Simpson marries former NFL football player Eric Johnson with two kids  ...
m Potential Alzheimer's disease risk factor and risk reduction strategies become  ...
t President Obama plays football with Asimo robot in Japan
t AT&T Galaxy S5 Active Gets Leaked on Two New Videos
b Is Chipotle's Winning Product Its Food, or Its Message?
m Chikungunya hits Gloucester, Burlington counties
m How Does The Federal Health Law Affect Insurance Price Hikes?
t Microsoft releases first Windows Phone 8.1 smartphone
t Is tablet lull temporary or permanent?
b Haute 100 NY Update: Hillary Clinton Almost Named Her Book 'The Scrunchie  ...
t Review: HTC's One (M8) Flagship Smartphone
e Comic Book Review: 'Superior Spider-Man' #29
b UPDATE: Wedbush Takes Conservative Approach on Tesla
b Birmingham USPS workers to delay Staples protest
b Asian shares pare losses as China inflation in line
e Céline Dion calls Richard Dunn's lip-sync video of her song 'hilarious'
e A: Controversial 'Jeopardy!' champ finally loses; Q: Who is Arthur Chu?
t Orbits, Orbits, Orbits | Space Wallpaper
t Earth has a secret reservoir of water, say scientists
b Day 18: Malaysia halts northern corridor search
e Robin Thicke's 'Get Paula Back' Campaign Hits 'Jimmy Kimmel Live!'
e Community Is Getting That Sixth Season After All
t Sector Update: Health Care Stocks Mixed; Johnson & Johnson Rises on Q2  ...
e Chris Evans Says He's Not Retiring From Acting
b GBP/USD long-term chart suggests major gains could be on the way
e Tractor-trailer crash causes fuel spill on I-71 S.
e Probe done in Ringling Bros. circus accident, feds get evidence
e So Who Was Lana Del Rey's Boyfriend Barrie-James O'Neill?
t Growth-spurt discovery boosts Big Bang theory
b International markets roundup
b Fiat Shares Tumble As Wall Street Questions Growth Plans
b IMF says Russia Already in Recession
e Nirvana perform with Lorde, Joan Jett, St Vincent - watch
e Hollywood Mourns Loss of Mickey Rooney, Actor Passes Away at 93
e Trouble in paradise: Ryan Gosling couldn't stand working with Rachel McAdams  ...
b AT&T dials up higher profit on wireless plans
e Bill Cosby And Jody Ogwyn Guests On 'The Tonight Show' [VIDEO]
b Japan Prices Rise Most Since '82 on Tax, Utility Fees: Economy
m Anthrax Stored in Unlocked Fridge at CDC Lab
t Android 5.0 “Lollipop” Confirmed Ahead Of Google I/O [Rumor]
m New Head of Healthcare.gov Is Connecticut's Counihan
b Study puts a damper on fuels from corn waste
e Kim Kardashian displays slender figure as she and Kanye West leave LA
e Radio Broadcaster Casey Kasem Dies At 82
t Nuke-like Asteroids Strike the Earth More Often Than You Think
m Panel of Senators Question Dr. Oz
e Beyonce, Jay Z heading on summer tour with stops in Toronto, Winnipeg
e Sigourney Weaver Reprises Ripley for 'Alien: Isolation' Video Game
t Apple Unveils New, Cheaper MacBook Air With Faster Processor, Longer  ...
t Watch Dogs skill tree unlocks for completists
e Free Stuff Alert: Ben & Jerry's Ice Cream Cones
t Cosmos Squashes Creationism Under the Weight of Evidence
m Autism, developmental delays linked to pesticide exposure during pregnancy  ...
b 8.3bn euro bailout for Greece approved by Eurogroup
m MDC offers tips for avoiding tick-borne illnesses
t Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 8.0: good for the size
e VIDEO: Taylor Swift tops Billboard list of top music earners.
b Bond yields stick to low levels to the amazement of analysts
m Ebola Virus Disease in West Africa: 158 New Cases
t Uber partners with AT&T to preload apps on smartphones, connect drivers to the  ...
b Zillow Taking Page From GrubHub Speeds Profit: Real M&A
t Why Google and Netflix Want a Better Internet
b Stimulus in Federal Reserve to end in October
t Microsoft confirms Windows with Bing for low cost devices
t Amazon 'to release smartphone later this year'
t Stolen eBay Account Fake Dumps Being Sold Online
b Auto sales in U.S. see best month since July 2005
m Inadequate Diagnosis Leads to Rise in Multidrug-Resistant Tuberculosis Cases
m Study looks at which teens gravitate toward hookah
b No 'Monkey' business
m Latest snapshot shows proportion of children with autism and higher IQ on the rise
t Destiny beta for Xbox One and Xbox 360 begins July 23
b US Stock Futures Suggest Higher Open; Facebook's Buying Spree, King Digital  ...
e Justin Bieber Reveals Where He Wanted to Propose to His Future Wife!
e Kardashian-Jenner Beauty Battle — Which Look…
e Andi Dorfman Is Rooting For New 'Bachelor' Chris Soules To Find Love
e Small-town life, faith tested in 'Heaven Is For Real'
b Pilots' mental health a concern amid mystery
m Connections: Jim Kelly's Health Battle
t New Earth-Size Planet Found
t 20-plus iOS 8 features Apple didn't talk about
e Oprah Winfrey Partners With Starbucks
b Posted by Shoaib-ur-Rehman Siddiqui
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Rumors: Release Date Pegged as September 3
e 'Opie and Anthony' Host Lashes Out With Racist Tweets After Alleged Times  ...
b Washington state to begin issuing retail pot licenses Monday
e Richard Attenborough spent his last six years 'barely able to speak' following  ...
t July 4th travel boost; over 3 million Mountain West residents expect to travel
e Hugh Jackman talks about his nose bandage on the X-Men red carpet Add to ...
b Falling Fuel Costs Help Inflation Dip To 1.7%
e Selena Gomez 'flipped out' over texts Kylie Jenner sent to Justin Bieber
e Police hunting couple in Miley Cyrus burglary...
e Ray J Is Giving Kim and Kanye the Most Outrageous Wedding Present of All Time
t GM recalls 7.6M more US cars after crashes, deaths
t Samsung Galaxy S5 mini release date, price and specs
m Surgery best for managing diabetes in overweight: study
m Environment Can Affect Gene Expression in Autism
m FDA Proposes Regulations, Health Warnings for Electronic Cigarettes
t General Motors-Recall Frustrations
e Jill Abramson, former Executive Editor of the New York Times, gives the  ...
b Etihad Airways Announces Luxurious Amenities Aboard A380 and B787
e Human Barbie shares workout video, scary skinny pics
b Audit: Missouri is tops in spending on historic preservation
b VIDEO: Alibaba Lists on New York Stock Exchange for IPO
b Warner urges renewal of Ex-Im Bank
e Medici Family Member Furious with Florence City Council for Renting Out  ...
b Presidents of Russia and France to discuss Ukraine crisis in Paris
e Miley Cyrus, Flaming Lips singer Wayne Coyne record Beatles cover together
t GM CEO faces tough congressional questions about slow recall
t Pathetic State-Run Media Promotes Obama's Climate Soap Opera Storyline
e Selena Gomez films Adidas ad campaign in New York, shows abs (Photos)
b What You Need To Know About Russia And China's Gas Deal
m Google's new project: the perfect human body
t IPCC report: Tallying the damage bill of climate change
b Microsoft beats cloud drum as revenues remain solid but flat
t I may have overshot my estimations for the G3, but it's still a solid phone
e 'Jem and the Holograms' Reveals Cast and First Key Art
t Zuckerberg discusses Facebook's future in NY Times interview
b First Horizon Reaches $110M Settlement with FHFA
e Lupita Nyongo named Peoples most beautiful person of 2014 - WFSB 3  ...
e Justin Bieber could land himself in jail as he's 'investigated for attempted robbery  ...
e Nas brings 'Time is Illmatic' to the Tribeca Film Festival
t AT&T Galaxy S5 reported to be missing Download Booster feature [UPDATE]
e After 7 years Harry Potter is back! He's 34, married and going grey
b Li allays fears of China debt crisis; to fight corruption
e Chris Harrison On the 'Bachelor' Finale: 'More Juan Pablo Spoke, Worse He  ...
t App permissions? Pah! Rogue Android soft can 'place phone calls at will'
m Students gather at the Capitol for anti-tobacco rally
e Amazon says number of Instant Video streams has tripled since 2013
b Flipkart acquires Myntra: Here is why it makes sense
e Kim Kardashian suffers an embarrassing wardrobe malfunction as she flashes  ...
b Deutsche Bank Q2 profit up 16 percent, debt trading steady
m Psychiatrists Rule Oscar Pistorius Wasn't Crazy
m Sedentary Lifestyle, Not High-Calorie Diet To Blame For Rising Obesity Rates in  ...
e A Whole New Miley? Cyrus Was Totally Different At VMAs by Briana Altergott
e The Grand Budapest Hotel - more Wes Anderson than ever
t Watch Your Favorite Basketball Player Through Google Glass
t 'Bigfoot' hair samples found to be mostly from bears, wolves
b Wall Street advances; S&P, Nasdaq book fifth straight gain
b London regulator says Uber is operating legally
e Paul Walker's Daughter, Meadow, and Her Mother "Disgusted" by Grandmother  ...
b GDP Rebasing: Raise Per Capita Income, World Bank Tells FG
e Peaches Geldof's last known video with sons
m Drug Company Shamed Into Giving Treatment to a Dying 7-Year-Old
e Fox responds to Bryan Singer sexual abuse allegations
e Neil Patrick Harris vs. 'Hedwig' Fan: What Really Happened?
e WATCH: Jay Z and Beyoncé Make Surprise Appearances at Coachella
e Avicii Concert So Crazy That Over 30 People Were Hospitalized [VIDEO]
b Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac inspectors caught doing shoddy work, watchdog  ...
t Google's Nexus Tablets are Officially Out of Stock. Yes, All of Them
e Louis Zamperini, 'Unbroken' warrior, dies at 97
b Pa. jobless rate drops to 6 percent in March
m Nickel in iPad, other devices may cause rash
t We need more rights over our data – but Google was wrong to "forget" Peston
t How fruit flies' antennae help them 'cruise' through wind revealed
m Impact of childhood bullying remains after 40 years
t Android 4.4.3 KitKat coming soon to the Samsung Galaxy S5 and Galaxy S4?
m Stool DNA Test Beats Existing Noninvasive Screen for Colorectal Cancer
b EUR/USD trading below $1.38
b Malaysian Airlines, Boeing facing potential multimillion dollar lawsuit over  ...
e Kimye Wedding: Will It Be Filmed for Keeping Up with the Kardashians?
e Fuck Chipotle
e Kelly Clarkson Announces Birth of Daughter on Facebook, Twitter
m Ebola virus death toll continues to rise in West Africa
e Hugh Jackman treated for more skin cancer
t Paid Posts Will Be the Only Ads in New York Times' New, Cheaper News App
e What on earth has happened to Johnny Depp?
m Drinkable Sunscreen Coming To A Store Near You
b Jumbo Mortgage Rates Today – 3/19/2014
b ECB, Draghi Feel the Pinch as Euro Edges Higher
b Turkey Mine Disaster: 25 Arrested, 3 Slapped with Charges of Manslaughter  ...
t Tesla handing over the keys to all of its technology
e Why Do I Feel Bad for Shia LaBeouf?
e Justin Bieber Films Tom Hanks Singing 'This Is How We Do It'
e Arnold Schwarzenegger's Terminator: Genesis character to be ageing T-800
t Huawei Reveals Ultra-Slim Ascend P7
e 'Game of Thrones' Season 4 Episode 3 Recap: “Breaker of Chains”
b Manufacturing grows at slowest pace for a year
e Rooney mourned
e Kiss' animosity toward Rock and Roll Hall of Fame will continue long after  ...
e Sofia Vergara and Joe Manganiello: New Couple Alert!
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Release Date: Poor Sales of S5 Reason for Early  ...
t May Auto Sales Soar - Just Don't Expect the Same in June
m GERM KILLER: Minnesota Ban's Common Anti-Bacterial Agent
t Google Chromecast Adds VUDU, Crackle, Rdio, PlayOn Apps
e Review: No escaping that this album should not be released
e The Voice USA 2014 Spoilers: Top 10 – Christina Grimmie Performance (VIDEO)
b Chinese Government Evacuates Workers From Vietnam after Deadly Riots
e Ariana Grande admits 'falling out of touch' with father Ed Butera
e 'Saturday Night Live' Vs Jay Z- SNL Spoofs the Solange and Jay Z Elevator  ...
e Best Beauty At Billboard Music Awards: Carrie Underwood & More
b Contracts to buy homes fall for 8th straight month
m Girl failed to clean her contact lenses in last six month, now left blinded
e 'Spider-Man 2' swings into theatres with $91.6M
t Special lunar eclipse over NJ skies
t Facebook News Feed Study: Participants Selected 'Randomly,' Unable To Find  ...
b Strong euro hits Adidas in Q1, growth expected ahead
m Smartphone app may help beat jet lag
m Health Experts Anxious to See FDA Rules on E-Cigarettes
b Ackman wins round as FTC starts Herbalife probe
t Text-to-911 service available in Dauphin and Lancaster counties
e Star Wars' Expanded Universe 'unified' by Lucasfilm to create 'consistent' story
b Parsing the Obamacare Debate
b Russian Stocks Down As Banks Suffer Amid Sanctions
t Naughty Dog talks about The Last of Us: Remastered cutscenes, 30/60 FPS  ...
m Alli Weight Loss Pills Recalled in the US and Puerto Rico due to Possible  ...
m Colon cancer can be detected early by new DNA test: Research
b CBS Outdoor Americas Rallies in Debut
e Kim Kardashian Shows Off Her Flat Tummy in a Beach Selfie From Her Mexican  ...
b The Corporate Income Tax Has Got to Go
e The Voice (Video) – Season 6 “The Battles Continue, Part 4″ – RECAP
e SDCC'14: Full THE HOBBIT: THE BATTLE OF THE FIVE ARMIES Panel
b Southwest: Wider seats coming to 737 MAX jets
b Critically wounded Kharkiv mayor sent to Israel for treatment World April 29, 12:25
t Hijacked Computer Network Broken Up
t Glitch delays liftoff of Nasa satellite
m Analysis: 30% of world now fat
t On the right track: Google turns corner in pursuit of self-driving car
t Climate Change Blamed for Smaller Salamanders
m Don't use aspirin as primary prevention for heart disease and stroke, FDA warns
e Nadine Gordimer: SA has lost a great patriot - Jacob Zuma
e Mya on Rumored Affair with Jay Z: 'Never did, never was, never will'
e Anita Baker Learns About Arrest Warrant Through News Media, Tweets Shocked  ...
m Study finds 12 percent of headache visits result in brain scans, overstepping  ...
e Ultimate Warrior suffered heart attack: Report
e Bobby Womack dies at 70
b Crisis in Iraq sparks oil price hike
b China Alerted to Serious Soil Pollution - CRIENGLISH.com
m Young dads at higher risk of depression
e Frozen Out: One Reporter's Tortured Quest to Meet Disneyland's Anna and Elsa
t Samsung finally topped Apple in one big mobile category
b Red Lobster's Customers Pose A Huge Threat To The Business
e Cannes Film Festival 2014 Lineup Includes Ryan Gosling, Channing Tatum
t US report: Climate change already having significant impact
e 'Tammy' review: McCarthy needs to change her shtick
b Alibaba Unveils Plans to Launch IPO in US
t Microsoft expected to announce round of job cuts: report
t Android – Connecting All Your Devices
b Demonstrations and presentation fails
t Facebook conducts secret experiment
e Justin Bieber's Suffering From a Serious Case of Affluenza
t Sony Announces World's Best Selfie Smartphone, Xperia C3
e Spike Lee - Stars Pay Tribute To Ruby Dee
b Silicon Valley venture capitalist Tim Draper wins bitcoin auction
e Photo Flash: First Look - All-New Character Posters for Disney's MALEFICENT
t Microsoft admits new security breach
e Jennifer Garner 'never understood' Ben Affleck's gambling obsession
t New Delhi has most polluted air in the world: WHO
b Review: Montana oil and gas wells weren't inspected on high-risk lands
b Statement of US Secretary of Labor Perez on July 2014 Employment Numbers
b BP assesses Indiana refinery oil spill in Lake Michigan
e Kanye West, Kim Kardashian Reportedly Getting Married This Week
t Rise Of Alternative Video Platforms Adds To The Woes Of Time Warner Cable's  ...
t Samsung launches 4 new affordable Galaxy smartphones
e All you need to know about Kimye's wedding
b Obama Suggests Putin Should Get Over Loss of the Soviet Empire
t FTC sues T-Mobile for false charges on premium texting
b Starbucks will soon let customers leave tips with its mobile payment app.
t Windows XP risk highlighted by serious Internet Explorer flaw
e 'Avengers 2' expected to bring big benefits to Korean movie industry
e Rob Kardashian's ex sets Kim K straight
b Asian shares gain as Chinese manufacturing expands
t Microsoft reveals larger Surface Pro tablets
e Keith Richards Is Writing a Children's Book
e Designer L'Wren Scott's rep denies fashion firm had financial woes
e Celebs Take Sides in the Justin Bieber and Orlando Bloom Fight
e Tammy review: much of it is best passed over with a firmly held nose
t iWatch: Apple hires senior TAG Heuer staffer
b How Turkey's Twitter Users are Working Around the Ban
e Jack White Releases The World's Fastest Record
e 'Catching Fire' Wins Big, Rita Ora Strips Zac Efron, Rihanna & Eminem Light Up  ...
t Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change delivers 5th report
b Equal pay: 5 things you need to know
t Virgin Mobile lets you customize your family's prepaid phone plan
t Social Media Lab Rats? Facebook Conducted A Mood Experiment On Users  ...
e North Korea Threatens 'Merciless Counter-Measure' If US Doesn't Ban The New  ...
t Samsung Galaxy S5 fingerprint scanner is hackable, allowing access to online  ...
b UPDATE 4-Bulgarian central bank says banking system under attack
b About Uber app for Taxi
t Climate Change already impacting 'all continents' according to new international  ...
t Facebook's emotional experiment not worth the outrage
t Titanfall Xbox One Review: Seven Hours Later The Campaign Is Finished As  ...
t BlackBerry aims to reverse emerging market slump with budget handset 'Z3'
b Amazon to offer employees $5000 to quit
t SpaceX Dragon departs space station after month, aims for Pacific with science  ...
b Today's Mortgage Rates: BB&T Fixed, VA and FHA Mortgage Rates for March 12
b American Apparel May Have to Take CEO Back
e North Korea complains to UN about Seth Rogen film
b Alibaba starts process for eventual US IPO
t iPhone 6 Coming Soon To Surprise Fans
b Asian shares end morning sessions weaker on Fed taper moves
t Total lunar eclipse obscured by cloud cover in South Jersey
e Marc Antony Ordered To Double Child Support Payments By Judge
t UN orders Japan to stop whaling in Antarctic waters
t Getting sweaty with the future of Sony's virtual reality
e Game of Thrones surpasses Sopranos in popularity, inspires copycats
b Consumer prices increase by largest amount in more than a year
b Gold bulls weary
b Barclays to Shed 19000 Jobs
e Now showing (April 25)
e VIDEO Chris Brown ordered to stay in jail until April 23
b Kerry hails Modi for inviting Sharif for swearing-in ceremony
e Kim Kardashian And Kanye West Vogue Cover: Couple Held 'Top Secret Shoot  ...
e Bieber wants to marry Selena
m Researchers Discover Gene That Enhances Cognitive Abilities
e 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2' Electro: Andrew Garfield's Costar Jamie Foxx Talks  ...
b Obama Pushes for Equal Pay for Women
e Who's That in the 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' Post-Credits Scene?
t Twitter celebrates eighth year
b Fiat Chrysler CEO seeks 4.5 million in car sales in 2014
b Stocks open higher, head for solid weekly gains
t Nest Protect Smoke Detector Back On Sale After Issues Fixed
b Pound Falls Most in Three Months as Rally to 4-Year High Wanes
b IRS Warns Of “Largest Ever” Phony Phone Call Scam
e James Franco defends shirtless underwear selfie
t Amazon e-book subscription service may be in the works
t Graco gives in, agrees to recall infant seats
b Wal-Mart Needs To Enhance Its Focus On Small Stores In Wake Of Tepid Q1  ...
b Pacific Gas & Electric charged with obstruction in connection with fatal San  ...
e Powdered alcohol? Turns out it's nothing more than a label, not a product
b The Priceline Group's Familiar Story: Smart Multi-Billion Dollar Acquisitions
t Facebook adjusts privacy settings again
t Astronomers Find First Earth-Sized Exoplanet in Habitable Zone
b UPDATE 4-Thirty-two hurt in train derailment at Chicago's O'Hare airport
e Dickie & his darlings
t The climate silence of the North
m Human Nose Can Distinguish One Trillion Odor Combos
e Reminder: Tim Burton's Planet of the Apes Was Very, Very Bad
t You Know Who Made A Great Case Against Internet Fast Lanes? The FCC
b China industrial output, retail sales rise
t Microsoft Releases Surface Pro 3
b Burger King debuts 'Proud Whopper' to support LGBT rights
b AOL.com Article - Beef filet filling but cash is what they came for
t Here's how much of your Facebook life the government wants
b Bank of America offering $13 billion to resolve probe
m Doctors make mini dialysis machine for babies
b Oklahoma business briefs for May 17, 2014
b UnitedHealth, Humana Take Cut in Medicare Advantage Plans
t Microsoft To Launch Live Translation Feature For Skype Later This Year
e WATCH: Finally! Beyonce and Jay Z reveal super-secret wedding video at 'On  ...
e Kristen Stewart On Her Role in 'The Clouds of Sils Maria' and the Other Side of  ...
m Experts warn of increasing pollen count level this week, Tips to stay safe from  ...
m $1000-a-pill Sovaldi jolts US health care system - KATV - Breaking News  ...
e Conchita Wurst of Austria steals the show at Eurovision Song Contest semi-final  ...
t AT&T and Verizon received one government data request per minute last year
e Beyonce & Jay Z Grab Breakfast Together After Surprise Coachella Appearances!
e Jonah Hill Addresses Slur Controversy on The Tonight Show
t GM CEO Mary Barra, before hand-picked reporters, apologizes for vehicle flaw  ...
b Warren Buffett's Plan to Help More People Save Money
t Support for Office 2003 ends April 8 along with Windows XP
b Va. senators seek stricter regulation of crude oil trains
e U of I actor brings recovering dad to Field of Dreams
e Kim Kardashian Planning To Kill Us Softly With New Music (REPORT)
t Microsoft Office for iPad coming on March 27th by Satya Nandella
e Oops: Ninja Turtles Make 9/11 Gaffe on Movie Poster
t NASA creates prototype flying saucer for mission to Mars
t Google's Android chief pushes back against Apple, wishes Amazon were 'more  ...
e Frances Bean Cobain Slams Lana Del Rey Over 'I Wish I Were Dead' Comments
e Jay Z To Perform At Global Citizen Festival 2014 'To End Extreme Poverty By 2030'
b British Pound to US Dollar (GBP/USD) Exchange Rate Lower, Monetary Policy  ...
e Dozens Taken To Hospital From Boston Concert
b Microsoft profit slips; software, Surface help sales
b Microsoft Shares Give Dow a Boost
b Leading economic indicators rise in March
e X-Men Stars -- How They've Changed Since the First Film!
t NASA orders space walk repairs
t Recovering Whales Have a Large and Positive Influence on the World's Oceans
t Google myth-busts the nonsense that 'Glass is ready for prime time'
b Twitter hires Anthony Noto from Goldman Sachs to be its chief financial officer
b Target CEO exits in wake of security breach
e Lena Dunham Offensive Jokes Rude? Why Twitter Comments And Naked Skits  ...
m Global synthetic drug markets targeting Southeast Asia and Pacific: UN report
b China may have 1000 tonnes of gold tied in financing
b FedEx Ground plans to start charging for dimensional weight
t FTC Notifies Facebook, WhatsApp of Privacy Obligations in Light of Proposed  ...
t Climate change report raises new alarms about future disasters
e George RR Martin Says 'F-You' To People Who Don't Think He'll Finish The  ...
t Xbox Launches in China
m 2nd case of MERS discovered in Florida
m Could Fist Bumps Keep You Healthy?
e Neil Patrick Harris Reveals What His Kids Think Of His Costume For 'Hedwig  ...
e Avicii Undergoes Emergency Surgery
b Acuity Brands is Now Oversold (AYI)
e OMG: Was Selena Gomez's Sweet "I Love You" Message For Justin Bieber?
m Men with eating disorders wait to get help, study finds
b Average US 30-year mortgage rate up to 4.33 pct
b Target names DeRodes CIO
e Rolf Harris: Anger over lenient sentence
e Celebrate the return of 'Game of Thrones' with a Westeros-worthy spread
b Pilots Faulted in Asiana Airlines Crash
e Before You Go Crazy And Say The Amazon-HBO Deal Means Netflix Is Screwed  ...
e Bad Forecast Ahead for Halle Berry's Storm in Latest 'X-Men' Trailer
e Selena Gomez Poses for Racy Photo on Instagram and Teases Fans About New  ...
b UK inflation falls to four-year low of 1.7%
t Samsung might buy Nuance, the speech recognition behind Siri, S Voice, and  ...
e Historical Featurette On HBO's THE NORMAL HEART
b Emirates cancels $16b order for 70 Airbus A350 planes
m Bulletproof vests from stem cells?
t IFTTT adds channel for Google Android Smart Watches
e MOVIE BLOG: Review – 'Noah'
b Gazprom: Ukraine must pay in advance for gas
b June Car Sales Shatter Expectations–End First Half On A Strong Note
t This Is What A Bigger iPhone 6 Could Look Like Compared With The Galaxy S5
b Stocks fall on jitters over JPMorgan Chase, tech stocks
b Priceline purchases OpenTable for $2.6B
e Beyonce Sparks Jay Z Cheating Rumors Following Lyric Change [NSFW VIDEO]
b Allergan Turns Down Valeant's $46B Bid
e Man shot at Detroit's Cinco de Mayo parade
t Xbox Studios Teaming With Showtime For A Halo TV Series
m Man at Minn. Hospital Diagnosed with Rare Viral Disease
m Let my people vape
b How Bayer's Buy Makes Sense
e my spot on editorial on a movie I haven't seen (or, OMG “NOAH” GETS THE  ...
b Mortgage Interest Rates at TD Bank Monday Mar 17, 2014
m Organic Mangoes Possibly Tainted With Listeria Recalled in New Jersey: FDA
m Social media campaign for drug to save Fredericksburg boy's life
t NETWORK SECURITY Montana Hack Exposes Health Records of 1.3M  ...
m FDA advises against Morcellator use in gynecologic procedure
e Woman provokes controversy after filming herself having an abortion before  ...
b Barnes & Noble to Separate Retail and Nook Business
b Toyota move shakes up South Bay nonprofits, business community
e Kirstie Alley Gained a Bunch of Weight and Is Back with Jenny Craig
e Ben & Jerry's to host Free Cone Day
m High cholesterol levels may make it harder to get pregnant
e Photo Coverage: OF MICE AND MEN Cast Arrives on Broadway- Inside the  ...
e Q&A – Christina Hendricks (Joan Harris)
e First Look At The New Peanuts Movie!
e Brick Mansions: a non-starter that chokes on déjà vu
b CBO lowers U.S. deficit estimates as health subsidies fall
t Full moon visible on Friday the 13th
e Macy's thrills millions of spectators with spectacular show
m Mississippi investigates mosquito-borne virus
t Samsung Reportedly Making Its Own Virtual Reality Headset
b Medtronic's acquisition of Covidien won't affect Memphis operations
b Malaysia Airlines says 295 people aboard crashed MH17
b US stocks mostly gain but market wary
b China Mobile net profit down 6%
t Former Panama Dictator Manuel Noriega sues Activision over 'Call of Duty' game
e Jonah Hill takes responsibility for homophobic slur aimed at paparazzi
t Behold first supermoon of the year!
t Ford recalling more than 692000 Escape, C-Max vehicles
e Macaulay Culkin performs with The Pizza Underground
e Record stores survive in Hampton Roads
b JetBlue pilots vote for union recognition
b GDP Shocker: a Drop of 2.9%! Why Healthcare Spending Went Down
e Ryan Gosling Wanted to Kick Rachel McAdams Off 'The Notebook' Set!
e Adam Levine Filmed 'Begin Again' for Absolutely Nothing, 'No Money'
t Nasa's moon explorer Ladee crashes on far side of the moon
t Legere rips Amazon with brutal 'Facebook phone' comparison
e Former DI Gymnast Becomes First Female to Finish American Ninja Warrior
e Arizona Boy Cries After Parents Reveal Baby's Gender; Viral Video Approaching  ...
b LinkedIn Accelerates Growth
e STAGE TUBE: Sneak Peek of the New Monty Python Show, Opens Tonight
b BlackBerry restructuring shows early signs of recovery in Q4 results, but revenue  ...
t Last of Us Remastered PS4 release tipped for June by retailers
t Brutal 30-Second Ad May Finally Change Your Mind About Texting and Driving
e Katt Williams Gun Freak Out: Comedian Goes Crazy AGAIN After Infamous  ...
e Chris Colfer is not leaving 'Glee'
t SpaceX delays station delivery launch
b Airbnb on way to becoming $10b startup
b US Chamber and NAM Rally Hundreds for Export-Import Bank
e Michelle Obama pushes for music, arts in schools at awards lunch
m Penn State Relay for Life raises $111790 to fight cancer
b Sacramento Area Unemployment Rate at 8.1 Percent
b BP's US refinery leaks oil into half a mile of Lake Michigan
e Jack White Drops Awesome First Track Of New Solo Album
t Safety regulators demand recall data from General Motors
e Alice Cooper: Few people I enjoyed working with as much as Dick Wagner
e Tony Awards nominations: 'A Gentleman's Guide' leads, followed by Neil Patrick  ...
b Europe stocks lower after PMI data; ECB in focus
e Article by: MESFIN FEKADU , Associated Press
e Six of The Best: The Muppets Greatest Moments
t Already locked in
b China June Consumer Inflation Cools, More Stimulus Eyed
b 38 Million Gallons Of Drinking Water Will Be Dumped Because This Man Used It  ...
e Mad Men star Jon Hamm reveals working in porn was ''soul-crushing''
b IRS: Bitcoin And Other Virtual Currencies Are Property, Not Currency
e Passover celebrations set for New Jersey Jewish communities
m This Is Why You Want to Scream at Your Spouse
e Destiny's Child Reunited For 'Say Yes' Video
t GM left faulty ignition switch due to $1 added cost
b Obamacare insured? 'I just don't know.'
b Toyota sees 2.4 pct drop in FY 2014/15 net profit, below estimates
t Apple v. Samsung: Juror claims consumer is...
t This wine is a dot-earthy red, full-bodied with a hint of dot-leather
t AAA Mich.: Gas prices fall 1 cent over past week
b Asian stocks inch down
b Sprint, T-Mobile reportedly nearly ready to agree on acquisition terms
t Osmo iPad Game System Dodges Apple Tax
e Destiny's Child Reunites For Michelle William's New Song 'Say Yes' [VIDEO]
e Hayden Panettiere Expecting First Child With Fiancé — Congrats
m NEW INFORMATION: Recalled beef may have been sent to 10 states
e Bachelorette 2014 Spoilers: Week 9 Recap – Who Makes Final 2?
e Louis Zamperini, War Hero and Subject of Angelina Jolie's 'Unbroken,' Dies
t Alibaba Underwriters Go From Alpha to Beta in IPO
e Kanye West Rants about Kardashians During Wedding Speech
e Early Cinco de Mayo gathering a hit
t Ford marks 50th anniversary of the Mustang
e AC/DC 'retiring from music'?
b Economy to pay price for Russia's Ukraine involvement - Reuters poll
t Samsung and Apple Devices Dominate Smartphone Device Model Top 20  ...
t Has 'climate change' lost its appeal?
e Actor Michael Jace To Be Arraigned For Wife's Murder
t Self-proclaimed 'Beats founder' sues Dr Dre and Iovine over royalties
b Pandora Media Inc (NYSE:P): Will Release The Quarterly Earnings On April 24  ...
e Rolf Harris performs for court jury
m Polio cases worldwide lead to emergency declaration
b The last known moments of Malaysia Airlines flight MH370
e 10 Ways the George Lucas Museum Will Re-Write Chicago History
e Film Review: 'Veronica Mars' is a solid cinematic turn for TV cult favorite
m 5 things you need to know about the MERS virus
t Google's Nest flings HALF an INSTAGRAM at Dropcam buyout
e Miley Cyrus 'on medical rest' in hospital
b US fines Credit Suisse $US2.6b
b Consumer Reports' best and worst fast food list may surprise you
e AP Drama WriterJune 26, 2014 Updated 1 hour ago
e Justin Bieber Pulled a “Love Actually” At Scooter Braun's Wedding
e Shia LaBeouf Has Reportedly Checked into Rehab After Drama-Filled Week
t Infiniti, Mercedes-Benz to be built at new $1B Mexico plant
b US and Russia go tit for tat in sanctions row
t This is why you should stop using Internet Explorer right now
e Was Jill Abramson fired from the Times because she asked for more pay?
e St. Paddy's Day 'Parade' & Celebration on March 15
b Will the ECB do enough to stem off a lost decade?
b Official: Average Earnings Outpace Inflation
b WJTV News Channel 12 - Syria weapons moved onto US ship for destruction
t Audi has two bob each way with Android Auto and Apple CarPlay
e 'True Blood' Season 7 Finale Spoilers, Plot Rumors: Sookie Wants Bill to Live  ...
b Supreme Court declines to block drug ruling in patent case
t Rumors Indicate Amazon Smartphone Announcement Coming This Summer
b Why Orbitz Worldwide, Inc. Stock Tanked?
e Rooney Mara In Talks To Join Warner Bros' 'Pan'
t Lawmakers question GM CEO over automaker's failure to fix ignition-switch defect
m Revealed: could One can dramatically reduce the risk of death from all causes  ...
m Diet soda helps weight loss, industry-funded study finds
b 2014-05-28T17:17:52Z Business HighlightsThe Associated Press The  ...
b Haslam's Pilot Flying J cuts deal with feds
b Amazon reports thin profits on strong sales
m Antibacterial Soap's Deadly Secret
t UK to allow driverless cars in 2015: would you use one?
b Yellen Speech: Backing Away From Rate Hike Timeline
e Ariana Grande Releases Her Newest Single Break Free! Listen To The New  ...
e Box office update: 'Divergent' earns $22.8 million on Friday
e Hobbit's Jackson goes undercover at Comic Con
e Young, wild and free! Zac Efron dirty dances with new girlfriend Michelle  ...
e Kendall And Kylie Jenner MMVA 2014: Sisters Go Glam For Much Music Video  ...
t Proposed Rules Far from 'Gutting' Net Neutrality, FCC Tells Critics
t NASA to Revive Kepler Telescope for New Exoplanet Mission
e Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Mexico Premiere Pictures
b Tyson profit misses, shares fall 9 percent on growth jitters
b US raises concern about China's currency but again avoids labeling Beijing a  ...
e Angelina Jolie, Daniel Day Lewis & Dame Maggie Smith Receive Queen's  ...
t The effect of net neutrality rules on consumers
e TV Review: Showtime's “Penny Dreadful”
e Eminem says sorry mum
e Residents still stunned over shock move to pull concerts
m WHO puts shackles on Pakistan over polio
m Ebola virus: Number of people killed by deadly disease could go higher than  ...
e Lucasfilm and Disney add two more to Star Wars Episode VII film
e Sofia Coppola to Helm Universal's Live-Action 'Little Mermaid'
e This is Twitter: Stephen Colbert, 'racist' tweets, backlash against backlash
t Teams, broadcasters experimenting with Google Glass to enhance fan experience
t Schneier on Security- Heartbleed
e MTV Movie Awards Flashback: Relive the Dozen Biggest Moments From 2004
e Childhood frights guided director
b New sanctions unlikely to force Putin's hand on Ukraine
t Stephen Elop talks about the Microsoft-Nokia deal in open letter, points at  ...
e Neil Patrick Harris, David Burtka Turn Heads in Bizarre Met Gala 2014 Tuxedos
b Comcast Exec Says $45B TWC Deal Not Anti-Competitive
e Orphan Black is back, better than ever
t Toyota to take on Tesla with $69000 hydrogen car
e Miley Cyrus Takes Restraining Order Against a Stalker
t Apple introduces cheaper SKU for the iMac starting at $1099
b Analyst support for Target has been dropping
b Barclays shares tumble after allegations about 'dark pool' customers
e Sue Townsend, British author of 'Adrian Mole' books, dies
b US stocks edge upwards as wallets open
t Tesla Model S P85, motoring review: This much-hyped car is a mean, green  ...
e Joss Whedon releases In Your Eyes on Vimeo
m New Coal Dust Regulations Draw Criticism From Mining Groups -- Update
b The World Is Still Searching For MH370
t Google Chromecast goes on sale in Europe and Canada
t Apple's Newest Employees (Maybe): Dr. Dre and Jimmy Iovine
e 50 Cent claims Beyonce tried to fight him
e Chris Pratt worked until his body matched his wit for 'Guardians of the Galaxy'
t Google unveils first Android smartwatches to go on sale in the UK
t Virtual world tops cosmic charts for scale, rigor
e Lady Gaga celebrates 28th birthday, performs 1st of 7 shows at NYC's closing  ...
e Star Wars VII to start filming in May
b Portugal's troubled bank braced for earnings shock
b HP To Cut At Least 11000 – 16000 Jobs
t Ford Lowers MPG Ratings for Six Models
b Asiana says jet partly to blame in San Francisco crash
t Video: Xbox One June update adds external storage, real player names
b Australia checking 2 objects spotted in Indian Ocean in search for plane
b Major Automakers Report Strong US May Sales
m Ministry of Health advises public on Chikungunya Fever
t WWE News: Major Update On WWE Network Subscriptions, Price Could Go Up  ...
e Witches of East End Star Jenna Dewan-Tatum Poses Naked for Allure Magazine
t Windows RT isn't dead -- yet
e The Bachelor 2014 Winner Spoilers - Is It Nikki Ferrell Or Clare Crawley?
e 2014 MTV Movie Awards Fashion: Best & Worst Dressed
m Calling girls 'fat' may increase obesity risk, study finds
t 'Halo 5' Release Date: Company Aims For Fall 2015 Launch
t Facebook to use browsing history for more targeted ads
b Amazon Continues With Almost Zero Margin in Earnings
t AT&T CFO Says It'd Be “Surprising” If the Sprint/T-Mobile Merger Happened
e Things You Need to Thank Your Mother For
m 20 deadliest states for workers
b Consumers to #WakeUpLiveMás as Taco Bell(R) Breakfast Now Available  ...
t American astronaut flies to space station
m Lesbian, gay, and bisexual Americans more likely to smoke and drink excessively
e Thousands celebrate Cinco de Mayo
b Facebook boss gets 1-dollar annual salary
e Trade data point to slower economy
e Mad Men recap: 'A Day's Work'
b Kraft recalling 1.2 million cases of cottage cheese products
e GoT SPOILER: Regicide, cannibalism, incestuous sex besides your son's corpse  ...
t Same sex emojis? Facebook says why not for Obama's 'LGBT Pride Month'
e Too Much Is Just Enough: Guardians of the Galaxy, Reviewed
b Energy Future Holdings files for Chapter 11 bankruptcy
e Review: Monster story Transcendence lacks humanity
t Updated HTC One phone worth considering
e 'Rosemary's Baby' Has New Clips With Extra Cheese
b Japan's current account surplus shrinks to record low in FY 2013
b The strong Chinese key figures released yesterday
m Five Things You Need To Know About the Measles Vaccine That Could Kill Cancer
e Kim Kardashian "So Attentive" With North West During Givenchy Shopping  ...
t Mercedes-Benz V-Class Gets Humorous Launch Campaign [Video]
t Facebook: Targets, Estimates Rise as Street Cheers Accelerated Growth; Can It  ...
e Crothersville church sets Holy Week services
e Celeb news: Katy Perry's portrait in national gallery
t Domino's Pizza told to pay €30000 for its customers' data
b Japan struggles to understand bitcoin after Mt.Gox collapse
e Movie Rewind: 'Transformers: Age of Extinction'
b French Finance Minister Seeks 'More Equitable' US Fine for BNP
t UK cinemas ban Google Glass, six days after release
t Internet Explorer Security Flaw Poses Risk to Windows XP
b Etihad rescues crippled Alitalia with deal to take 49%
b Candy Crush developer King's share price dips 15 per cent in market debut  ...
t Iphone 6 'photos' reveal sleeker, rounder device
t AAA warns of higher gas prices because of Middle East conflict
b Student loan interest rates to increase
b GameStop sees rise in revenue
e 'Grey's Anatomy' Season 10 Spoilers: Cristina Bids Farewell, Disaster Strikes in  ...
t Gas prices in Maine drop 2.5 cents
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Active leaked in live video
m Less-invasive aortic valve replacement proves superior in Medtronic study
t Ancient tomb found in Egypt, complete with pyramid entrance
b The 25 Best Companies for Employee Compensation and Benefits
t Iran court summons Zuckerberg
t Chrysler: Government Timetable Off For Fixing Recalled Jeep SUV's
b Microsoft brings Word, Excel, and PowerPoint to the iPad today
m African health workers battle Ebola; suspected Canada case
b Feds Investigating Amazon
t Phone Kill Switch: Makers, Carriers Agree to Safety Measure in 2015
e How I Met Your Mother: Was It a Legendary Finale?
e Nick Cannon Whiteface: Double Standard?
b What ComiXology Can Do For Amazon
m 15 Deadliest Animals List Reveals You're Most Likely to Be Killed by Something  ...
t Tesco to launch smartphone
e Joan Rivers refuses to apologize for Cleveland captives joke
e Kim captioned one photo: Mr. And Mrs. Kanye West.
e 'Fast & Furious 7' to resume filming
m Mali free of deadly Ebola epidemic: govt
m Germs Can Survive Inside Planes For Up to a Week
e Is 'Guardians of the Galaxy' The Best Marvel Movie Yet?
t Update Galaxy S3 to I9300XXUGNB5 Android 4.3 Jelly Bean Stock Firmware
e Justin Bieber Detained At LAX, Beliebers React
t HTC One (M8) Google Play Edition Now Available to Order
b Gas Prices Fall in Metro Atlanta
e Hugh Jackman is in top form in X-Men: Days of Future Past
t Nokia Completes Mobile Phone Transfer To Microsoft
b Fiat Chrysler posts 1st-qtr net loss, trading profit stable
b Best CEO ever? Today is Mulally's last at Ford
e What A Video Game Fiasco Tells Us About Gaming's Toxic Corporate Culture
t Interested in legislative lessons that are out of this world? Try Mars
e First teaser for Fox's Gotham
t New graphics tech bringing console-quality eye-candy to iOS 8
b Dollar Tree buying rival Family Dollar
t Inside a smartwatch: Hackers reveal what really goes into LG's $230 Android  ...
b Student loan interest rates to increase
e Ariana Grande Debuts "Break Free" Single With Zedd Off My Everything Album
e Wahlberg can't escape slime at Kids' Choice Awards
t Delhi most polluted city in world WHO study
t Common Samsung Galaxy S5 Problems or Issues and How To Fix Them
t GM, Delphi sued for wrongful death from faulty ignitions
e Dawn Of The Planet Of The Apes
b BNP Paribas SA Guilty Plea Shows That Integrity Is King
m An Animal Lovers 'Must See'! Giraffe Leans In to Kiss Dying Zoo Worker Goodbye
t Google to take the wraps off Android set-top box at I/O?
b Duke Energy ranks among biggest solar producers
e Kourtney Kardashian Pregnant?
e Justin Bieber apologises for telling racist joke in video
m KL-VS improves cognition, fights Alzheimer
b US stocks inch higher ahead of economic reports
m E.coli outbreak in Washington and Idaho traced to Evergreen Fresh Sprouts  ...
t Google Strikes Smart Contact Lens Deal to Track Diabetes and Fix Farsightedness
t Nintendo lost $97M last quarter even with the success of Mario Kart 8
b Search for missing Malaysia Airlines plane may hinge on untested satellite  ...
b Follow Business Insider:
m Rep. Tim Murphy: Mental Health Bill Would Make Patients, Communities Safer
m Mumps Outbreak in Ohio
t Windows 8 Banned from Government Computers in China
e PRAISE DATES
t New York State Data Breeches
e The verdict is in on last night's Mad Men premiere
t Northwestern Invites Public to View Lunar Eclipse
b Alibaba Prepares For 'Record-Breaking' £9bn US IPO
t Samsung has announced a breakthrough in Graphene technology
t Nest launches smart thermostat in the UK
t Google Glass: are they really worth £1000?
m Young Dads Are at Risk of Postpartum Depression, Study Says
e Harrison Ford injured on set of Star Wars Episode 7, hospitalised
e Lady Gaga Bringing 'G.U.Y.' Art Exhibition To New York City
t Europe's move to rein in Google would stall in the United States
b Final deadline arrives to sign up for Covered California
m MLS Commissioner Don Garber Undergoing Prostate Cancer Treatment
b Inmarsat to provide free tracking service after missing Malaysia Airlines Flight  ...
e Scott's suicide reveals tragic side of city's glitzy scene
e Michael Bay Tells 'Transformers' Fans: 'Let Them Hate'
e Lorde gets 'Mockingjay' single
e 'The Bachelorette 2014' spoilers: Are Andi Dorfman and her guy still engaged?
e Record Store Day 2014: Digital Spy's top 10 picks
b Dow Jones Industrial Average Closes Above 17000 for the First Time Ever After  ...
e Pandora Sued by Major Labels Over Pre-1972 Copyrights
t Watch Dogs PC On High Settings Equivalent To New-Gen According To Director
e Dan Harmon Responds to 'Anxious Fans' of Canceled 'Community'
m Mindy Tran speed bump: Brave mom uses body as speed bump
e Rolf Harris found guilty on all 12 counts of indecent assault
e 'Guardians of the Galaxy' Heads Into Box-Office Battle Having Already Won the  ...
t Smartphone kill switch legislation passes in CA
b Tyson Foods Welcomes Hillshire Withdrawal Of Recommendation For Pinnacle  ...
e Pharrell's #HAPPY to join 'The Voice'
b Lagarde, Yellen speak at IMF headquarters
b Hong Kong Stocks Retreat as Casinos, Developers Decline
e Prepare To Deal With One Direction's Lawyers! Pot Smoking Video Was  ...
e Movie review: Transformers: Age of Extinction is saved by veterans Mark  ...
t HP to invest over $1 billion in cloud computing
b Tango Secures $280 Million in Financing Led by Alibaba Group
e These Are The Best Parts Of 'X-Men: Days of Future Past'
e Katie Holmes Poses Topless for Glamour, Opens Up About Being Single Mom
e Ginnifer Goodwin and Josh Dallas marry in Los Angeles
b Wal-Mart Looks to Shake Winter With Sales Push
t Hands-On Video Of Carousel, Dropbox's Replacement For Your Camera Roll
b Tesla Can Topple the Car-Dealer Monopoly
m Ebola Spreading in West Africa
t Moto G Android 4.4.4 Release Date: Google Play Edition Rolling Out
m Johnson and Johnson Urging Doctors to Steer Clear of Hysterectomy Device
b China's CSI 300 Sinks to 5-Year Low as Export Slump Weakens Yuan
t Looking into the Heartbleed bug
t Malware aims at US, Europe energy sector: researchers
b New objects seen, but still no evidence of missing Malaysian jet
t Microsoft Office For iPad To Be Unveiled On March 27
m County OKs treating e-cigs like tobacco
t Gmail is about to become more secure than ever
e “Star Wars” Shooting Begins
e Usher's contestant Josh Kaufman win 'The Voice'
e 'The Hunger Games' Star Jennifer Lawrence Recounts Puking At Oscars, Miley  ...
t Blood moon spotted last night
t With audio recognition, Facebook can help automatically check in to your  ...
e Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles New Movie Update: Poster Pulled After Accidental  ...
e Miley Cyrus faces controversy over leaked topless cover art
b Banks, tech lead stocks decline
m Chocolate cure for 'hangry' couples
e A double-header of biopics for Chadwick Boseman
m New Report States That Cancer Will Be #1 Killer In 16 Years
m Blood test can predict Alzheimer's, say researchers
e Justin Bieber Takes to Instagram, Suggests The Possibility Of Modeling  ...
t Study: Americans hesitant as science fiction becomes reality
b US GDP Grew 2.6% In The Fourth Quarter 2013, Up From Last Estimate
m E-cigarettes cause nicotine addiction
e Billboards Music Awards live stream ABC TV schedule & red carpet start time 2014
b National sales of new houses fell in July
e Emma Watson Prepares for 'Noah' Premiere with High Expectations
m Guinea's Ebola Crisis: An Interactive Guide
e Justin Bieber Deposition Videos Go Online
b Medtronic to buy Covidien for $42.9-billion, rebase in Ireland
t Canada Revenue Agency website returns after five-day shutdown due to  ...
e Brad Paisley Mocks Westboro Baptist Church With Selfie (Video)
e Film review: 'Veronica Mars' fans, rejoice! Everyone else ...
t Honda recalls 2 million vehicles worldwide for airbag defect
b FAA completes redesign of Houston's highways in the sky to save fuel, time and  ...
m Court Refuses To Reinstate NYC's Limits On Large Sugary Drinks
e 'The Big Bang Theory' to have three more seasons
t NASA Debuts Saucer-Shaped Test Vehicle For Future Mars Missions
e Alicia Keys, Lamar Kendrick team for 'Spider-Man' song
e Check Out the First Trailer for Fox's Gotham City Detective Series
m High protein diet lowers risk of stroke. Meat lovers, rejoice!
e Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez Hung Out at Coachella
m Syphilis Comeback: Gay, Bisexual Men Blamed for STD's Return
e Review: The next great American weepie
e Two groups to celebrate Cinco de Mayo today
e American Idol crowns winner Johnson
e First poster for Steve Carell movie Foxcatcher
t Google, Amazon, Facebook, Twitter band together against 'net neutrality' plan
t General Motors recalls 4,75000 more vehicles over safety issues
m Prolonged TV Viewing, Sitting Ups Risk of Some Cancers
t Oklahoma Fox station apologizes for editing evolution out of Cosmos
e Beyonce SHUTS DOWN The 2014 MTV VMAs As She Performs Her ENTIRE  ...
e Diane Sawyer to step down from ABC World News show
b Latest Satellite Images May Show Debris From Missing Jet
b Samsung's Profits Dip As Low & Mid-Range Smartphone Sales Grow
b Fed Boosts Economic Outlook
e Kim Kardashian Gets Her Daughter North's Ears Pierced For First Birthday: 10  ...
t Lenovo begins global recall for fire hazard ThinkPad batteries
t I feel a climate change comin' on
e 'Star Wars: Episode VII' filming starts
e Pucker up! Daddy's girl Nicole Kidman plays the doting daughter as she gives  ...
e Kanye West reveals struggle of interracial relationship with Kim Kardashian… as  ...
b Dollar hovers near six-month highs in London
e Drake goes undercover on Jimmy Kimmel to quiz people about himself
e Kate and Prince George make surprise appearance at polo match on Father&  ...
e Movie Review: “Tammy” (Rated R)
e Watch Will Ferrell And Chad Smith In A Drum-Off
b Market Hustle: Stock Futures Push Higher Following S&P 500 Record Close
e Craig Ferguson's Departure & CBS
m Guinea reports 'unprecedented epidemic' of Ebola virus as death toll rises to 78
e Harrison Ford Injured on the Set of Star Wars: Episode VII
e Rapper cuts off penis, jumps from balcony
e True Blood: Series Finale Photo Preview
e Bill Murray Gatecrashes Stag Party, Gives Awesome Speech (VIDEO)
e Macy's 4th of July Fireworks Spectacular Performances: Ariana Grande, Enrique  ...
e NBC Officially Cancels "Community"
t iPhone 5s TouchID trick used to hack Samsung Galaxy S5 fingerprint scanner
e Rolf Harris Guilty: Veteran Entertainer Likely To Lose Honours Over Indecent  ...
e Chicago's Jimmy Bannos Jr., Dave Beran among 2014 James Beard Award  ...
b Bitcoin Miners: The Taxman Wants A Cut
t Download Flappy Bird – Free Tips to Keep Flying
e Reactions to Eric Hill's Final Scenes on 'The Bachelorette'
b Asiana Says Boeing 777's Warning System Inadequate In SFO Crash
e Jim Carrey receives honorary doctorate from Iowa university
e The Magic School Bus Drives On With Netflix Reboot
b YOUR THREE CENTS: Do you support or oppose the mandatory labeling of  ...
e Stewart and Colbert Do Epic Star Wars Battle... for Charity
e Saldanha went deep into the Amazon for 'Rio 2'
t North Dakota Highway Patrol, other law enforcement join national 'Click It or  ...
b Free Curly Fries At Arby's TODAY for Tax Day
e 'Gotham' Cast Image & Scheduling Revealed
t Can't miss this stunning colourful universe ever
e One of Miley Cyrus' tour buses catches fire
t Upcoming Microsoft event reignites Surface Mini rumours
t Seti astronomers tell Congress 'we will find alien life in 20 years'
m Baby's life saved after 3D printed devices were implanted at U-M to restore his  ...
t Why a Google-Twitch Deal Would Stand Out Amid Web-Video Consolidation
b Walgreen pulls 2016 forecast pending Alliance Boots decision
b Trust Fund Crisis Means States Receive Only Partial, Delayed Reimbursements
m FDA Prepping Long-Awaited Plan to Reduce Salt in Food
e Metropolitan Opera Proposes Mediation With Unions as Lockout Looms
e Jay Z vs. Solange Knowles: What you need to know
e Taylor Swift Celebrates the 4th of July with Odeya Rush, Emma Stone, Lena  ...
b BlackBerry will not renew tie-up with T-Mobile
b US judge to hold hearing Friday in Argentina bond dispute
m Daily Talker: FDA To Propose E-Cigarette Regulations
t Motorola launches budget smartphone Moto E at Rs 6999
t Softbank's Pitch to Regulators Paints False Picture of US Wireless
t Move over, Facebook. Now Google says it will use high-flying drones to power  ...
e Bachelorette Recap: Episode 4
t Apple still wants Beats to help with transition to streaming
e Chinese 'chicken cup' could sell for record S$47 million
t ZeniMax sues Oculus VR and founder Palmer Luckey
b Deadline approaching to enroll in Affordable Care Act, event at Broward College  ...
b Wal-Mart to let US shoppers trade in used videogames
t Apple's Latest Ad Is A Not-So-Subtle Jab At Samsung
e Dylan fan shells out $2MILLION for one-of-a-kind draft of 'Like a Rolling Stone' in  ...
e Mickey Rooney dies: Legendary actor was 93
e Beyonce, Condoleezza Rice in New PSA to Redefine Female Pejorative 'Bossy  ...
e It's Sequel Time for 'My Big Fat Greek Wedding'
b Symantec Corporation: Symantec Announces CEO Transition
e First photos Henry Cavill as Clark, Superman in 'Dawn of Justice' as villain  ...
e Emma Watson Gushes On Working With Darren In Noah
e Sir Paul McCartney 'To Make Full Recovery'
t 'GTA 5,' 'Minecraft,' PS4 and Xbox One sales revealed for April
t Apple iPad Air And iPad Mini Headed To NTT DoCoMo
b Unemployment rate down to 6.6 percent for Polk County, down statewide
t Samsung Galaxy Ace Style arrives, thinks it's down with the kids
t Why Netflix Has Gone To War Against Comcast Just Weeks After Cutting A Huge  ...
m Aspirin cuts pancreatic cancer risk by half, study finds
e Baumgardner: 'Conscious uncoupling' is still just a divorce
b Johnson Controls and Yanfeng Automotive Trim Systems form global joint venture
e Pharrell Williams, Beyoncé Win Big At BET Awards 2014
m News Buzz - Medical Marijuana Inc(OTCMKTS:MJNA), GRAPHITE ONE  ...
b Consumer Sentiment Takes Surprise Turn Down
t What you need to know about Heartbleed's effects on networking equipment
b Smith & Wesson sales, net income fall on slackening demand for rifles
e Paul McCartney Cancels Tour of Asia Due to Illness
m Low Glucose Levels Could Mean More Aggression Between Spouses
b Report card for Blackberry's John Chen, pass or fail?
e Pippa Middleton's Surprising Take on the Royal Wedding and Her Bridesmaids  ...
b Holcim With Lafarge Said to Maintain Listings in Merger (1)
e Miley Cyrus Honors Her Dead Dog With A New Tattoo And Shirtless Selfie
e Peaches Geldof's death still surrounded by mystery
m The Lancet: Largest study to date finds insulin pumps result in better blood sugar  ...
e Gwyneth Paltrow is 'very much about having fun'
t An Image of the Purported Amazon Smartphone Leaked
t Facebook Launches Snapchat Competitor, Slingshot “To Get People Closer”
e Detroit choir stars in 'Ellen' promo
e True Detective finale: The universe turns out to be more than just a flat circle
e Video: Watch the funniest ALS Ice Bucket Challenge FAILS!
m “New” overdose drug will save lives on the street
b Total Q2 reveals freeze on Novatek stake buying post MH17 downing
b Gold slips as traders weigh US Federal Reserve announcement
b NLRB Seeks to Supersize its Joint-Employer Standard
t Something New Brewing At Starbucks (NASDAQ: SBUX)
b Publishers, Public Meet at BookExpo
t Facebook may make its ads shoppable: Meet the 'Buy' button
b Jana's Rosenstein Joins Ubben Saying Herbalife No Pyramid Scheme
t Get your easily digested news with the new Yahoo News Digest app for Android  ...
e Post-teleprompter flub, Kendall Jenner 'excited' to host MMVAs with sister Kylie
b July 4th gas price is highest since '08, but Minnesotans still hit the road
e Late Night Highlight: Leslie Mann And Cameron Diaz Prank Kate Upton
b Chinese ship rams, sinks Vietnamese boat in disputed sea waters
b Taco Bell: no breakfast for Canada until you take Bieber back
t First Look: Surface Pro 3 tablet targets laptops
b Canadian Stocks Tumble for Second Day as US Stock Rout Worsens
t BBB Tips in Light of the eBay Databreach
e Gary Oldman Slams Golden Globes, Defends Mel Gibson and Not a Fan of  ...
b HP's Whitman Doing Well With a Bad Hand: Marshall
t Operation Tovar targets major Zeus/Cryptolocker botnet-driven campaign
t iPad to Soon Get Microsoft Office
b City Of LA Files Suit Against Time Warner Cable For Nearly $10M In Unpaid Fees
b Kansas City Fed's Esther George has no target date for when interest rates  ...
e Bullied Woman Spends $35k On Plastic Surgery To Look Like Kim Kardashian
e Miley Cyrus Does Karaoke, Sings 'Baby Got Back,' Which, Funnily Enough, Is As  ...
e Corvette Museum Will Make Car-Eating Sinkhole a Permanent Exhibit
t Wharton: Climate change refugees
b Current Mortgage Rates at Wells Fargo, US Bankcorp Mar 21
e Richard Gere and Padma Lakshmi are dating
b ECB Quantitative Easing: Just A Matter Of Time?
e Radio Pioneer Casey Kasem Dead At 82
e All 6 Santa Barbara stabbing, shooting victims identified
b Last-minute tips for tax procrastinators
e VOICE VIEWS: Josh Kaufman scores controversial victory on The Voice
m Men Who Are Infertile May Have An Increased Risk Of Mortality
e Designer award named for L'Wren Scott; her will said to leave $8 million condo  ...
e Stephen Colbert Taking Over “Late Night” – Will it Work?: A Little Friday Funny
t NSA must report security flaws — with some exceptions
e Colin Firth will no longer voice Paddington Bear
e Rhonda Adkins, Wife of Trace Adkins, Files for Divorce
t Internet Explorer users warned over security flaw
e WWE star Ultimate Warrior died from heart attack
e The Stooges drummer Scott Asheton dies at 64
t Apple exceeds expectations with second-quarter revenue of $45.6bn
t IPCC climate mitigation report: The reaction
e MTV Unveils Contents of 2014 MTV MOVIE AWARDS Talent Gift Bags
e Reviews: 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' 'They Came Together'
t Google enhances Gmail encryption technology making it harder for NSA to  ...
t Bing Complies With EU "Right to Be Forgotten" Ruling
e Anna Wintour: 'Kanye did not beg me to put Kim on the cover of Vogue'
e Girls' Allison Williams to be Twitter's inevitable punching bag in Peter Pan Live!
e This Week in Terrible Ideas: Powdered Alcohol
e Orphan Black Season 2 is 'a bit nutty'
b San Francisco tells app to stop monkeying around with its parking spots
e 'Grey's Anatomy' Cristina Yang Farewell: Sandra Oh On Series Finale Return  ...
t Premium-built Samsung Galaxy F breaks cover again in latest leaked press render
e James Franco to Make Stage Directing Debut
t Happy 10th birthday Gmail -- Google's greatest ever April Fools' Day surprise
m 'Chikungunya' virus confirmed in Texas, health officials warn to avoid mosquito  ...
b Coca-Cola will drop controversial ingredient
m Experts say cool, wet summer is limiting West Nile virus this summer in Illinois
e Shia LeBeouf spanks Scots star Alan Cumming on bum in a drunken Broadway  ...
e A Million Ways to Die in the West Review
b Manufacturing PMI inches up in May on higher order flows
e Newman lives! 'Seinfeld' star in death hoax
b California Hosting Congressional Hearing On Drought
t Apple vs Samsung, but Google shadow looms large
t Is Microsoft Well-Positioned for the Future?
b Argentina defaults but creditors want happy end
b BIS sees danger signs in property prices and credit growth
e Miley Cyrus Refuses to Keep It Covered in Her Worst Outfit Since 'Twerking  ...
b Ryanair targets business travellers with new premium ticket option
t Zola Discounts Hachette Ebooks as Conflict With Amazon Escalates
b County executive applauds Obama's EPA rule to cut carbon emissions
b Philippines' Aquino says ASEAN must tackle claims
e Justin Bieber Apologizes for Making Racist Joke on Video
b Internet censorship in Turkey: Twitter banned
t Samsung GALAXY S5 Mini to be Flipkart exclusive
b GM boosting China production capacity to 5 million - KTVN Channel 2 - Reno  ...
b International markets roundup
e Attenborough 'changed the lives of countless children'
b China HSBC PMI at 4-month high, but still contracts
t Intro Astronomy 2014. Class 13: Galaxies, the Universe, Life
e Wedding Video: Tom Hanks' Sweet, Sweet Dance Moves To 'This Is How We Do It'
b Ukraine Bonds Rally 10th Day as IMF Talks Soothe Default Concern
e Spoiler-Free 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier' Fun Facts
m Many Unaware of Their HIV Status Until It's Advanced
e 'Divergent' nabs $56 million at weekend box office
b Violence Abates in Vietnam, US Warns China for Provocation, Offers Vietnam  ...
e Robin Thicke Makes Another Desperate Plea for Paula Patton in 2014 BET  ...
b Interstate 495 remains closed in Delaware
e The 400-Word-Review: The Fault in Our Stars
b Pilgrim's Pride Increases Hillshire Bid to $7.7B
t Facebook is building a Snapchat alternative called Slingshot
b Market Hustle: Stocks Slip After Weak China Data, Drop in U.S. Home Sales
b Understanding Obamacare: Latinos Will Benefit from Better Access to Health Care
b American Apparel sack CEO Dov Charney
b Irish manufacturing output rises but not matched by sales value
t Adobe Looks At Google's Search Ad Business
b Chance of Audit Lowest in Years
b Italy's Bonds Advance With Spain's as Draghi Sees Downside Risks
e 'Star Wars: Episode VII' Adds American Actress And British Parkour Dude To Cast
t Ousting Mozilla exec was wrong
b Austin adds jobs but unadjusted unemployment rate ticks up slightly
e Trace Adkins, Wife to Divorce After 16 Years
e Lawsuit over Stairway to Heaven
t OnePlus One officially revealed, could challenge Nexus 5 for stock Android  ...
m Wal-Mart Doll Recall 2014: Retailer Pulls Doll Off Shelves After It Was Found To  ...
t Samsung Poised To Launch Galaxy S5 In Ukraine
b US home sales fall, but consumer confidence hits 6-year high
b Toyota Declares Lockout at Its Bidadi Plants
e Going to Coachella? Here's a Playlist of the Lesser-Known Artists You Must Hear
e Paul Walker will be remembered at the 2014 MTV Movie Awards Sunday.
b Futures Pointing To Modestly Higher Open On Wall Street
e 'The Voice' USA 2014 Battle Round Recap: Adam Beats Blake and Shakira to  ...
t GM sued over ignition switch in fatal collision that killed Alabama woman
e Episcopal church in Mendham finds a new leader
e Bachelorette 2014 Spoilers: Week 6 Recap – Who's Been Lying To Andi?
e Captain America is a fearless diversion
e Grand Theft Identity: Lindsay Lohan to sue Rockstar
b GM still has millions of recalled cars to repair, investigators say
t Charter challenges Comcast-Time Warner Cable deal in proxy
b UPDATE: Finland's Metso Confirms Merger Approach By Weir Group
t Apple cuts price on iPod Touch, adds camera
e Leonardo DiCaprio to take on role of 19th century fur trapper
e 5 questions Letterman should ask Stephen Colbert
b US manufacturers have grown more competitive: study
m Sanofi, Medtronic join on diabetes drugs, devices
e Tara Reid releases perfume inspired by 'Sharknado'
b These States Have No Income Tax
e Trinity Lutheran Layman's League
t VMworld: VMware Talks Up Hybrid Cloud and Software-Defined Datacenters
t Hackers exploiting Heartbleed bug steal data from parenting website Mumsnet
b Mountain of dirt suspected in bridge closure - WTRF 7 News Sports Weather  ...
b Valeant raises offer for botox maker Allergan to $49.4bn
e MTV Movie Awards will feature Paul Walker tribute
t Apple Rumored to be Launching Smart Home Software Platform at WWDC
t My initial thoughts on the Surface Pro 3
t Samsung Electronics' Q1 net profit tops 7.57 tln won
t Eager to View the Super Moon? Note these Dates
e STALLARD: Moms don't see adults, they see their babies
t Nike: We're Not Discontinuing the FuelBand, Despite Rumors
m Long, cold winter does little to slow ticks, growth of Lyme disease in New  ...
t Breathing world's dirtiest air, Delhi needs to clean up its act now
b OPEC: Iraq Violence Not Causing Oil Output Drop
e Cameron Diaz bares all in 'Sex Tape' movie
e Chris Evans Says He's Definitely Retiring from Acting
b Best industries for pay raises revealed
e X-Men overpowers Godzilla on way to holiday weekend win
t Recall roundup: Mazda6 for fuel tank problems
e Did Justin Bieber overdose on sizzurp?
t Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) to Return Cash from Alibaba IPO to Shareholders
b Malaysia: Kazakhstan joins search for missing jet - WBOC-TV 16, Delmarvas  ...
b We're All Macroprudentialists Now as Bubble Policy Dawns
t Don Draper and Steve Jobs Have Much in Common
b UK manufacturing output declines in May
t The Heartbleed bug is nearly fixed
b OECD warns soaring UK house prices could derail recovery
t Woman or machine? New robots in Japan look creepily human
t Microsoft warns of major Internet Explorer bug; no fix for Windows XP
t Origin May Ban Early Titanfall Players After All
t AFP join FBI in Blackshades hacker hunt
t Iceland removes ban on air traffic over rumbling volcano | Bangkok Post: news
m Cheesecake Factory, others shamed for 'extreme' calorie offerings
e The end of Mad Men: What's left to sell if Don finally embraces change?
m Remote control contraceptive in the works
e Bryan Singer's accuser files new round of sexual abuse lawsuits
t Jimmy Iovine & Dr. Dre Could Be Given Senior Positions At Apple [Rumor]
e Box office: Audiences prefer bros over heroes in Spidey's second week
t Android 4.4 KitKat Update Is Here: Canadian Galaxy Note 3 Models Now  ...
b UPDATE 2-Cyber-spying concerns won't overshadow US-China talks-Lew
b No Risks for Russian High-Tech Companies From US Sanctions – Moscow
t NSA: Did It Know About Heartbleed Bug?
e Robin Thicke's Twitter Q&A session went horribly, amusingly wrong
e Kate Middleton And Prince William Are At Wimbledon (No Pressure, Andy Murray)
b The impacts of climate change
e Lindsay Lohan Confirms Writing Sex List For Part Of AA Recovery
e Mayweather, Rapper TI Brawl On Las Vegas Strip
t US regulators warn Facebook, WhatsApp to keep privacy promise
b Tell Us What You Would Call the Redskins with #WSJRedskinsRename
e The Muppets Mock Kanye West And Kim Kardashian's Vogue Cover (PHOTO)
b Hillshire Brands To Review Pilgrim's Pride's $6.4 Bln Proposal - Quick Facts
b World Wrestling Entertainment Hit With Full Nelson, Camel Clutch
t Netflix reaches another ISP connection deal, this time with Verizon
e Is Khloe Kardashian pregnant with French Montana's baby?
t Nokia HERE Maps may come to Android and iOS
t And So It Begins: Pocket Debuts Android Wear Prototype App
e The Orange Couch Does Mad Men: S7E7, “Waterloo”
m Warmer Weather Means Tick Season Is Here
e Angelina Jolie's Comments On Working Motherhood Put Gwyneth Paltrow's To  ...
e Paul Walker's car crash caused by speed, not mechanical failure
t Faraway moon or faint star? NASA says possible exomoon found
t Apple seeking decisive US court ruling against Samsung
t Don't worry - Google's confirmed a new Nexus device will appear this year
e 'Dancing with the Stars' 2014: 'Latin Night' results, plus live blog, guest judge  ...
e ONE SEASON MORE
e Barbara Walters' Final Day on "The View" Announced
b Asian stocks extend drop after cool Chinese price data
b America and the IMF Dereliction of duty
b Producer Price Index up 0.5% as Trade Margins Expand
b London black cab drivers strike over mobile app
e Monet's 'Water Lilies' auctioned in NY for $27M - CBS 3 Springfield - WSHM
e Critically injured Tracy Morgan upgraded to fair condition
e Justin Bieber apologises for racist joke, after video outed rant
e Nicki Minaj near death experience revealed during BET acceptance speech
t Mercedes recalls over 284K C-Class cars in U.S., Canada to fix lights
e BREAKING: 'Midnight Rider' Director & Producers to be Charged with  ...
b DICK'S Sporting Goods Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2013 Results  ...
t Ford again lowers fuel rating on hybrids
b A progressive alternative to Obamacare
t Court Won't Hear Microsoft Antitrust Case
t First Full Moon On Friday The 13th Tonight In 14 Years
t Irreversible collapse of Antarctic glaciers has begun, studies say
e L'Wren Scott leaves entire estate to Mick Jagger
m Illinois Dept of Public Health Dr LaMar Hasbrouck on MERS case in state
m Brain scan: Gateway to helping comatose patients recover?
e Michael Jackson fans mark 5th anniversary of his death
t FCC Takes Another Crack at Net Neutrality
m Former Mayor Menino Diagnosed with Cancer
t AAA: Gasoline prices increase because of violence in Iraq
t U.S., stung by bee decline, sets plan to save pollinators
e Sign of evil: Rolf Harris and Jimmy Savile watched as Broadmoor patients were  ...
t Ford Uses OculusVR Tech To Get Behind The Wheel Of Virtual Cars: Video
e Game of Thrones season 4 SPOILERS! Here's FOUR things we learned from the  ...
b Critics Are Mercilessly Slamming the AT&T-DirecTV Deal
e Christina Aguilera Confirms Gwen Stefani Is Joining The Voice
b Report: IRS Gave $2.8M In Bonuses, Paid Time Off To Delinquent Employees
b Fed continues on tapers, hedges on rates
b Wasting Water Could End Up Costing You Big Bucks
b MARKET ANALYSIS: Uncertainty Could Impede Recovery Attempt
e Kanye West-Kim Kardashian's Big Wedding
m Smallpox Vials Found in FDA Storage
e Chris Brown carried out of nightclub after BET Awards: The new Tupac, really?
t Intel confirms acquisition of health wearable company Basis Science
e Sue Townsend, author of the Adrian Mole book series, dies aged 68
b Hundreds detained after huge pro-democracy protest in Hong Kong
e Godzilla sequel said to be in the works
t Sea levels across the world to rise faster than imagined
b Germany's private sector expands steadily in May - PMI
e Columbus Short: Arrest Warrant Issued After His Alleged Battery
e Help us reimagine the Kim Kardashian-Kanye West Vogue cover
e Zac Efron & Michelle Rodriguez: You Two Make A Hot Couple
t Judge allows feds to continue battle against computer virus
e #WCW: Miley Cyrus
m Florida woman arrested in topless rampage at McDonald's
e Jay Z's Made In America festival to be held in Los Angeles this year Rapper's  ...
m Blood Test May Predict Suicide Risk
b Marshall County unemployment rate drops
m CDC: Despite progress, ongoing efforts needed to combat infections impacting  ...
e Scandal's Season 3 Finale: Crescendo, Crescendo, Crescendo
e Details Emerge on the Shooting of Love and Hip-Hop ATL's Benzino [HOSPITAL  ...
e Gia Coppola plumbs James Franco's teenage tales
m Minnesota passes medical marijuana law, but few will benefit
e Justin Bieber Dating Girlfriend Selena Gomez After Kylie Jenner, Breakup  ...
e The Laws Of God And Men ring cold in Game of Thrones [s4e6]
m Researchers to study whether mobile phones affect teenage brains
b London Stock Exchange says to buy Russell for $2.7 bn
e Movie Review: Muppet sequel has humor for adults, kids
t Digital publishers face a tough future on the major newsstands; Mag+ issues  ...
b Jobs could go after electronics firm bought by American company
t iPhone 6, LG G3, Moto X+1, Galaxy Note 4: The Upcoming Gadgets
m New York loses final appeal on limiting sales of large sodas
e Neil Patrick Harris Is Saying Goodbye To Hedwig Heels & Fishnets! And THIS  ...
b Premier: China aims to cut coal burning by 220 mln tonnes
b Yen firms in Asia on Iraq, pound hit 5-year high
t You can already root a device running Android L Developer Preview
m Comment: Terrorists, dictators and the CIA are helping polio make a comeback
b Oil prices ease in Asian trade
b GE - General Electric Company: GE offers $13.5 billion enterprise value to  ...
t Graco gives in to regulators, agrees to recall infant car seats
e Justin Bieber And Selena Gomez Are Back Together: Morning Mix
b Virgin America Going Public With IPO
b Satya Nadella: Microsoft Will Show 'Courage In The Face Of Reality'
b Wal-Mart sues Visa, claims credit card company inflated fees
t Court blocks Ryan Seacrest's Typo case
e Gwyneth Paltrow And Chris Martin 'Spending Nights Together' Despite  ...
t Astronomers discover a 'Mega-Earth'
e 6-Year-Old Boy Absolutely Melts Down After Learning He Will Have a New Sister  ...
b Live Más with Taco Bell's New Breakfast Items
e McCarthy's 'Tammy' misses funny bone
e Beyoncé and Jay Z heat up your summer with tour rumors
e 'Get on Up' gets it right
m American beliefs: CIA infects blacks with HIV; feds hide cancer cure
e INTERVIEW - Andrew Lloyd Webber on the genesis of the show at 'Cats' Photocall
m Scoot: Soda ban ruling is a victory for personal accountability
e The “How I Met Your Mother” finale and avoidable disappointment
t US: Infiniti-Daimler engine plant starts production
b Gas prices ease ahead of holiday weekend
t T-Mobile Intros New Simple Starter Data Option – Is it a Good Deal?
e Prince and Warner Bros. Records Agree To Put Out Unreleased Music [PHOTO]
t How small businesses can get the most out of the cloud with Windows 8
e Is Thailand an example of a failed parliamentary system?
m City Finds E. Coli in Reservoirs, Tells Portlanders to Boil Water
e Justin Bieber's Bodyguard Asks To Halt Civil Lawsuit Because He Is Under  ...
b Siemens Says Australian Cuts May Hurt Wind-Power Plans at Mines
t Scientists discover new dwarf planet 2012 VP113 or 'Joe Biden'
m Vaginas and Noses Can be Successfully Grown From Stem Cells
t Netflix hikes prices for new subscribers
b Japan pharmaceutical company Takeda penalized over diabetes drug
t Leahy hails final congressional action on pro-consumer cell phone legislation
b WWE Network Has Done More Harm Than Good Right Now
m Measles vaccine cures cancer
t Sprint fined $7.5m for unwanted telemarketing calls
b Uninsured rate hits lowest mark Gallup has ever recorded
e Colin Firth Burns Two Bridges At Once By Announcing He's 'Consciously  ...
e Selena Gomez proudly posts snap of her fresh tattoo - new pictures
t Will Sprint Win a Bidding War for T-Mobile?
m A new scientific test to predict teenage binge drinkers
t Comcast: We Don't Have Data Caps, We Have “Data Thresholds”
e Rolf Harris guilty on all counts
b Yellen says economy will need Fed's support for 'some time'
e Angelina Jolie, Stella McCartney to Release 'Maleficent' Kids Collection
m Experimental drug shows promise in treating advanced breast cancer, Pfizer  ...
m Exact Sciences' Colon Cancer Test Detects More Tumors
t Earth Hour Targets 2014 to be the Crowdfunding Center For Innovation and  ...
b Cocaine addressed to Vatican seized
e 'The Bachelorette' Recap 2014: Y SO SINGLE, DUDE? | Who was eliminated last  ...
e Ford breaks ankle on Star Wars set
e Peaches has died. We are beyond pain.	http://www.itv.com/news/2014-04-07/bob-geldof-full-statement-peaches-was-the-most-bonkers-of-us-all/	ITV News	e	dVcLyu7MZ2lvOuM8psiqi0ay7A2GM	www.itv.com	1396997444213
189157	T. Rex's Nimble, Long-Nosed Cousin, Pinocchio Rex, Unveiled as New Species	http://www.natureworldnews.com/articles/6935/20140507/t-rexs-nimble-long-nosed-cousin-pinocchio-rex-unveiled-as-new-species.htm	Nature World News	t	drp0_g01Sim5WoMbQMsEbwJMMXNXM	www.natureworldnews.com	1399502051894
9030	FTC Starts Herbalife Investigation; Shares Drop	http://blogs.wsj.com/moneybeat/2014/03/12/ftc-to-investigate-herbalife-shares-halted/	Wall Street Journal \(blog\)	b	dey1wWSDFLloFaMb4H5WhUu2P5biM	blogs.wsj.com	1394710524355
280239	Kit Harington Teases Jon Snow And Daenerys Hook Up On Game Of Thrones	http://www.entertainmentwise.com/news/152207/Kit-Harington-Teases-Jon-Snow-And-Daenerys-Hook-Up-On-Game-Of-Thrones	Entertainmentwise	e	dSReztFu8ZYnEFMOmFx4z25P_xJRM	www.entertainmentwise.com	1402683111658
238670	Senate Commerce, Science and Transportation Committee Hearing	http://insurancenewsnet.com/oarticle/2014/05/22/senate-commerce-science-and-transportation-committee-hearing-a-508271.html	Insurance News Net	b	davRCITiyEykDzM1uJMoGRtk41tIM	insurancenewsnet.com	1400820275595
79836	Rand Paul: Give Caterpillar award for tax strategy	http://www.stltoday.com/business/local/rand-paul-give-caterpillar-award-for-tax-strategy/article_a14cbe5a-2a29-5be7-90ca-51a4710bdd6f.html	STLtoday.com	b	d8mTk9wMoUalEkMny4ljoFy0iTpdM	www.stltoday.com	1396427575295
414341	iPhone 6 Apparently Confirmed By China Telecom	http://www.forbes.com/sites/ericmack/2014/08/22/iphone-6-apparently-confirmed-by-china-telecom/	Forbes	t	dq_5Sdpqf86yQOMkrjb3njd0zTiDM	www.forbes.com	1409011177640
251253	TV Sunday: Mad Men airs midseason finale (with video)	http://www.ottawacitizen.com/entertainment/Sunday+airs+midseason+finale+with+video/9875599/story.html	Ottawa Citizen	e	dqaYDolpVoXRRpMSIabL21RhOA6mM	www.ottawacitizen.com	1401105799519
350243	Facebook's Sandberg says company's mood manipulation experiment was  ...	https://bgr.com/2014/07/02/facebook-apologizes-for-social-experiments/	BGR	t	d6VWQ_rZul-lYrMXCkJLNWb8PJw7M	bgr.com	1404387040180
123128	Lindsay Lohan's Mom Pleads Guilty in DWI Case	http://www.celebuzz.com/2014-04-15/lindsay-lohans-mom-pleads-guilty-in-dwi-case/	Celebuzz	e	dao4gZJ_Q7oI7OM_cTZbhwBUa9phM	www.celebuzz.com	1397651829173
150650	Spelling: I miss having my best friend	https://ph.celebrity.yahoo.com/news/spelling-miss-having-best-friend-140000573.html	Yahoo Philippines News	e	dvNiGqS7saUJ9XM1QZmCwdE2XRtvM	ph.celebrity.yahoo.com	1398226647589
322782	Ikea to raise minimum wage for workers in 2015	http://www.abc15.com/news/national/ikea-to-raise-minimum-wage-for-workers-in-2015	ABC15.com \(KNXV-TV\)	b	dttlBUsdjBPA0mMJKKCkuTKVnsUAM	www.abc15.com	1403855669244
228924	Channing Tatum Is The Terminator In The Latest '22 Jump Street' Clip	http://uproxx.com/filmdrunk/2014/05/channing-tatum-is-the-terminator-in-the-latest-22-jump-street-clip/	Film Drunk	e	daTpJHFnADnp3HME4QhqFqW6qiCkM	uproxx.com	1400652933190
240166	A teenager brought Michael Jackson back to life on a basketball court	http://ftw.usatoday.com/2014/05/dancing-michael-jackson-kid	USA TODAY	e	d5I67q_4ZCcaoeMoRyEhCObF7gROM	ftw.usatoday.com	1400829036097
358143	UPDATE: Britain jails Rolf Harris for five years over sex assaults	http://www.lse.co.uk/AllNews.asp\?code=ne9yj9nm&amp;headline=UPDATE_Britain_jails_Rolf_Harris_for_five_years_over_sex_assaults	London South East	e	dDGfw8WpQ5GpyLMGzdY_Xi99sjNPM	www.lse.co.uk	1404528778576
242039	Attorney General Kane Warns eBay Customers	http://www.yourerie.com/news/news-article/d/story/attorney-general-kane-warns-ebay-customers/11723/r9lIWqgkQkKgiTuw2xeKlA	YourErie	t	dCqQPraQpHD69nMnHMXjSF9l2g9aM	www.yourerie.com	1400867123595
212763	TrueCar.com shares rise about 11 percent in debut	http://in.reuters.com/article/2014/05/16/us-truecar-ipo-idINBREA4F0P220140516	Reuters India	b	dtQjybvzC_I9HqMp5h0bIcDq97_qM	in.reuters.com	1400376966797
167640	Google's self-driving cars brave city traffic	http://www.delhidailynews.com/news/Googles-self-driving-cars-brave-city-traffic-1398772811/	Delhi Daily News	t	dFhGhx4AH67_c7MxkJlxvmftdXvTM	www.delhidailynews.com	1398783319015
181298	Coke to drop controversial ingredient	http://www.tradingroom.com.au/apps/view_article.ac\?articleId=5403095	Trading Room	b	dn4NkZd2wIo8EWMABydtos_gNGWxM	www.tradingroom.com.au	1399374467509
51501	Wall Street dips after GDP data	http://www.iol.co.za/business/international/wall-street-dips-after-gdp-data-1.1667394	Independent Online	b	dP-1PpYiFy6Ez7MKCA5lxmjF9UfQM	www.iol.co.za	1395951072188
162548	Joan Rivers won't apologize to Cleveland Three	http://www.allvoices.com/contributed-news/16951355-joan-rivers-wont-apologize-to-cleveland-three	allvoices	e	dQwwC0QDLp4PmFMXcpvLZ4PQSftTM	www.allvoices.com	1398413711893
62208	Kanye West Does Not Want to Invite Oprah to His and Kim Kardashian's  ...	http://au.ibtimes.com/articles/545597/20140329/kanye-west-want-invite-oprah-kim-kardashian.htm	International Business Times AU	e	dWPE9tao9Ouf1HMCIM_rUqYNcZI8M	au.ibtimes.com	1396074882639
261939	Famed Designer With Ties To RIT Has Died	http://wxxinews.org/post/famed-designer-ties-rit-has-died	WXXI News	e	dYlqCbnUMsEUl_MCUEO5_-gLA3UiM	wxxinews.org	1401302686244
252879	Optimism gives boost to global markets	http://www.mercurynews.com/ci_25839241/optimism-gives-boost-global-markets	San Jose Mercury News	b	dY244z2nnbIJeRMxtSo3lyYapVYhM	www.mercurynews.com	1401160221044
99619	9 Things You Didn't Know About Stephen Colbert	http://www.yourtango.com/2014212994/tv-love-9-things-you-didnt-know-about-stephen-colbert-report-late-show-david-letterman	YourTango \(blog\)	e	d1JAbpSST7VUGcMaIJCfNLpDEf00M	www.yourtango.com	1397243079386
328389	Daimler, Nissan confirm North American joint venture	http://seekingalpha.com/news/1818383-daimler-nissan-confirm-north-american-joint-venture	Seeking Alpha	t	dyi7BVcvmFGTUeM9oMi8FNzhpABEM	seekingalpha.com	1403931629074
183748	Fox Network Picks Up Batman-Prequel TV Series Gotham	http://www.escapistmagazine.com/news/view/134246-Fox-Network-Picks-Up-Batman-Prequel-TV-Series-Gotham	The Escapist	e	dozhA0OxcJ1woaMmLvtwPAaGM2dLM	www.escapistmagazine.com	1399386376435
278150	Astronauts Send World Cup Best Wishes From Space Station	http://www.ndtv.com/article/world/astronauts-send-world-cup-best-wishes-from-space-station-540682	NDTV	t	d-t16LdTqe6UvPML_cubfJn42kQFM	www.ndtv.com	1402669503535
121203	Census Bureau Changes Health Care Survey Questions Hiding Effects of  ...	http://www.mediaite.com/online/census-bureau-changes-health-care-survey-questions-hiding-effects-of-obamacare/	Mediaite	b	dkME9PR9YN9aF8MWb2hxdNGC-MgXM	www.mediaite.com	1397644526225
421852	'Full House' Might Be Coming Back to TV	http://stylecaster.com/full-house-might-be-coming-back-to-tv/	StyleCaster	e	dhFmu9xyXITYXjM6uIQiJXAfDUTHM	stylecaster.com	1409222363759
255550	Watch live: Detroit leaders detail new plan to fight blight	http://www.clickondetroit.com/news/watch-live-detroit-leaders-detail-new-plan-to-fight-blight/26183432	WDIV Detroit	b	dOALNtI7pOMZDGMoHMS2lo8PbTVoM	www.clickondetroit.com	1401222412401
253370	LG G3 leaks leave nothing to the imagination	http://www.engadget.com/2014/05/26/lg-g3-specs-and-photos/	Engadget	t	duCmvmqZoHPmtoMq_Zv_q28t1rebM	www.engadget.com	1401164129544
306549	Amazon Announces Fire Phone	http://windowsitpro.com/paul-thurrotts-wininfo/amazon-announces-fire-phone	Windows IT Pro	t	dgPZoYkxoHxa7aMeHwGYSeDaf8w4M	windowsitpro.com	1403198578264
136067	SC unemployment rate edges downward to 5.5%	http://www.bizjournals.com/charlotte/news/2014/04/18/sc-unemployment-rate-edges-downward-to-5-5.html	Charlotte Business Journal	b	dX9ijUp0OlN712Ma5y2drC7LuVDNM	www.bizjournals.com	1397884266194
254800	Pregnant Women Should take Iodine Supplements: Critical for Brain  ...	http://www.scienceworldreport.com/articles/14968/20140526/pregnant-women-should-take-iodine-supplements-critical-for-brain-development-of-baby.htm	Science World Report	m	dxv8kLzeNmkxPkMI1GJOQyDb5vJ8M	www.scienceworldreport.com	1401174605966
336887	Rolf Harris guilty: The victims of the 12 counts of indecent assault	http://www.smh.com.au/world/rolf-harris-guilty-the-victims-of-the-12-counts-of-indecent-assault-20140701-zsrip.html	Sydney Morning Herald	e	dK89XFvQviVsBLMVMnYzXphFGbigM	www.smh.com.au	1404163378508
22000	Android Apps vs. iOS 7 Apps 2014: Google Hangouts, Vine, & Venmo Among  ...	http://www.latinpost.com/articles/9048/20140317/android-apps-vs-ios-7-2014-google-hangouts-vine-venmo.htm	Latin Post	t	dWuk8zlykPpUElMjQ-jg-KEn2xT5M	www.latinpost.com	1395234312512
173366	EUR/USD Fundamental Analysis April 30, 2014 Forecast	http://www.fxempire.com/fundamental/fundamental-analysis-reports/eurusd-fundamental-analysis-april-30-2014-forecast/	FX Empire	b	d6oH4km9IXNQhDMMjOqbrYbTbVjcM	www.fxempire.com	1398863298305
43279	Hercules Trailer: Man Cannot Escape His Fate	http://www.moviefanatic.com/2014/03/hercules-trailer-man-cannot-escape-his-fate/	Movie Fanatic	e	dTbKK7l244Hp6HM7207mWyA2KJgVM	www.moviefanatic.com	1395779125182
410817	P&G Profits Up, Selling More Brands	http://www.700wlw.com/articles/local-news-119585/pg-profits-up-selling-more-brands-12627851	700 WLW	b	d-V4lPR9GMfLyVM8daUnX7LRI9fjM	www.700wlw.com	1406931489186
265392	Lana Del Ray Says She Played Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's Wedding for  ...	http://www.celebuzz.com/2014-05-28/lana-del-ray-says-she-played-kim-kardashian-and-kanye-wests-wedding-for-free/	Celebuzz	e	djo29ri3Ko5C9-MmTF4hPJiQApTXM	www.celebuzz.com	1401364288502
325199	Benedict Cumberbatch cuts a dapper figure in a smart suit as he films seventies  ...	http://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-2669065/Benedict-Cumberbatch-cuts-dapper-figure-smart-suit-films-seventies-mobster-movie-Black-Mass.html	Daily Mail	e	dHizxzMyss3yQsMlgq2GmffvbT6-M	www.dailymail.co.uk	1403871465010
62179	Ford F150 V6 Engines Continue to Dominate the Truck Market	http://www.torquenews.com/106/ford-f150-v6-engines-continue-dominate-truck-market	Torque News	t	dFllskc19-KhPnMpgQVQV6GlpR71M	www.torquenews.com	1396074508926
320191	Dozens of Boston Concertgoers Receive Medical Treatment	http://www.wwgp1050.com/2014/06/26/dozens-of-boston-concertgoers-receive-medical-treatment/	WWGP 1050 AM	e	didtiLJxylOXj4ManFUQc5nWdCpBM	www.wwgp1050.com	1403796840155
269829	The Brady Bunch Housekeeper Was Really Hot For The Ford Fairlane	http://jalopnik.com/the-brady-bunch-housekeeper-was-really-hot-for-the-ford-1584981073	Jalopnik	e	dyt4OXF6RnOYGdMOv1i6JdRplJplM	jalopnik.com	1401824385484
412251	Barnes & Noble Teams With Google on Same-Day Shipping	http://www.businessweek.com/news/2014-08-07/barnes-and-noble-teams-with-google-on-same-day-shipping	Businessweek	b	df1-LiDQO3KEc-MH60RAllPRcISoM	www.businessweek.com	1407512338713
235791	ZeniMax sues virtual reality startup Oculus headset technology	http://uk.reuters.com/article/2014/05/21/us-facebook-zenimax-oculus-idUKBREA4K16020140521	Reuters UK	t	dfLtjnurADQv4bM0632p9sbOLrGKM	uk.reuters.com	1400760870746
375813	'F*** you!' George RR Martin lashes out at fans who doubt he will finish the  ...	http://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-2686649/George-RR-Martin-lashes-fans-doubt-finish-Game-Of-Thrones-book-series.html	Daily Mail	e	dE5UN5fidBqfgyMUVcQdhUTnmLK0M	www.dailymail.co.uk	1404980639312
304381	Kanye spent 4 days editing wedding photo after Annie Leibovitz pulled out	http://www.ctvnews.ca/entertainment/kanye-spent-4-days-editing-wedding-photo-after-annie-leibovitz-pulled-out-1.1874208	CTV News	e	d6YxcE79pJ_0tiMRWbOCbd8q2yX_M	www.ctvnews.ca	1403137722799
420912	Chelsea Handler Ends Finale With Naked Shower Scene With Ellen DeGeneres	http://www.memphisrap.com/2014/08/27/chelsea-handler-ends-finale-with-shower-scene-with-ellen-degeneres/	MemphisRap.com	e	ddNF_LgnKxFXG4MhEfNVje2HKFihM	www.memphisrap.com	1409217332423
406380	Exxon Bets on Russia as Rivals Stick to US Wells	http://www.businessweek.com/news/2014-07-31/exxon-bets-on-russia-as-rivals-stick-to-u-dot-s-dot-wells	Businessweek	b	dujpf4KiScW08pMhr5kox35MvfNkM	www.businessweek.com	1406856550747
65833	Southeast Asia is polio-free, WHO declares	http://www.businessmirror.com.ph/index.php/en/news/world/29669-southeast-asia-is-polio-free-who-declares	Business Mirror	m	du-ue54lhkwM_7Mp6iJ_fdrIzL6jM	www.businessmirror.com.ph	1396134578213
44226	Fed rule proposed to clarify wetlands protections	http://www.capitalgazette.com/wire/nation/fed-rule-proposed-to-clarify-wetlands-protections/article_6985a4d7-01be-54f7-a269-78c2bca76796.html	CapitalGazette.com	b	dNwc9qxDksYerTMnWkxHDBt6ZJ1CM	www.capitalgazette.com	1395825912374
276959	Uber's Sign-Ups Are Skyrocketing In London Despite Protests	http://www.businessinsider.in/Ubers-Sign-Ups-Are-Skyrocketing-In-London-Despite-Protests/articleshow/36402295.cms	Businessinsider India	b	dSZQxXz451BKSYMrSSGlT7ubad4eM	www.businessinsider.in	1402657180456
364617	Corn Avalanche Coming as Rain Trumps US Planting Slide	http://www.businessweek.com/news/2014-07-06/corn-avalanche-coming-as-rain-trumps-u-dot-s-dot-planting-slide	Businessweek	b	d0CNcutiQwOuUYMH4j1yxlDjwJ8gM	www.businessweek.com	1404755754494
219877	Five arrested as part of probe into Soma mine disaster	http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/five-arrested-as-part-of-probe-into-soma-mine-disaster.aspx\?pageID=238&amp;nID=66611&amp;NewsCatID=341	Hurriyet Daily News	b	ddi_hHIKv9gDjHM6Cz0A7iZcabVkM	www.hurriyetdailynews.com	1400511653795
83214	Autism cases on the rise: 1 in 68 kids affected says the CDC	http://www.mnn.com/health/fitness-well-being/blogs/autism-cases-on-the-rise-1-in-68-kids-affected-says-the-cdc	Mother Nature Network \(blog\)	m	dacv7fMElr_387Mkw9GaU9578d1WM	www.mnn.com	1396443890445
299279	General Motors Ignition Problem Continues; 3.4M More Cars Recalled	http://www.valuewalk.com/2014/06/general-motors-ignition-problem-continues/	ValueWalk	t	d2ytCSB3kDHKIdMSGw-V28XZb18EM	www.valuewalk.com	1403081307110
166216	Moscow accuses EU of following US in Ukraine crisis	http://www.thestandard.com.hk/breaking_news_detail.asp\?id=49219&amp;icid=a&amp;d_str=	Hong Kong Standard	b	diF20GdN8avuFQMwsrPB9CbU6OOdM	www.thestandard.com.hk	1398772308845
189943	'Maleficent' Movie Trailer: NEW 'Creatures' Featurette Reveals What Lies In The  ...	http://www.hngn.com/articles/30680/20140507/maleficent-movie-trailer-new-creatures-featurette-reveals-what-lies-in-the-enchanted-forest-watch.htm	Headlines \& Global News	e	dmbo4J6nmu_-zBME5gOT6X3ZKzcDM	www.hngn.com	1399505094816
333820	Despite ridicule, Egypt pushes ahead with AIDS, hepatitis 'cure'	http://www.latimes.com/world/middleeast/la-fg-egypt-leaders-seek-to-stamp-out-aids-hepatitis-and-dissent-20140628-story.html	Los Angeles Times	m	dMJf8DRQALSP1OMuxpHNyeVUteJ7M	www.latimes.com	1404100742318
106223	Early Signs of Exomoon Beyond Our Solar System Identified	http://frenchtribune.com/teneur/1422239-early-signs-exomoon-beyond-our-solar-system-identified	French Tribune	t	dSZCINPqqVtVtWMR9FGeNgfIHz5SM	frenchtribune.com	1397350975071
268431	Apple's WWDC Tightens The Handcuffs On Users. Analysts Overall Positive	http://www.forbes.com/sites/chuckjones/2014/06/03/apples-wwdc-tightens-the-handcuffs-on-users-analysts-overall-positive/	Forbes	t	d3JRy07lt3ILLKMBvRe1h07zhGLiM	www.forbes.com	1401813653028
196029	Bond holdings to stay high	http://triblive.com/business/headlines/6081115-74/fed-bond-yellen	Tribune-Review	b	d06p_B068Tz-trM0VOb3T9IS-s-rM	triblive.com	1399620866801
300407	Tracy Morgan upgraded to fair condition after New Jersey highway crash that  ...	http://www.theprovince.com/entertainment/Tracy+Morgan+upgraded+fair+condition+after+Jersey+highway/9945012/story.html	The Province	e	djzKuf_B-CL7ZDMrS5cXS6yKRv2WM	www.theprovince.com	1403090988724
320194	At least 36 Avicii concertgoers hospitalized in Boston	http://www.usatoday.com/story/life/music/2014/06/25/avicii-concertgoers-hospitalized/11389743/	USA TODAY	e	didtiLJxylOXj4ManFUQc5nWdCpBM	www.usatoday.com	1403796840988
342733	Robin Williams Checks Into Minnesota Rehab Clinic In Order To Maintain  ...	http://www.entertainmentwise.com/news/153743/Robin-Williams-Checks-Into-Minnesota-Rehab-Clinic-In-Order-To-Maintain-Sobriety	Entertainmentwise	e	durGwGrbS3mZinMpgbPzB9QGT9vJM	www.entertainmentwise.com	1404252435389
61818	New Mozilla CEO Faces Issues Over His Support to Anti-Gay Law	http://www.morningnewsusa.com/new-mozilla-ceo-faces-issues-over-his-support-to-anti-gay-law-239246.html	Morning News USA	t	doLu70bzpEny1fMV_EmSwCfAHxx2M	www.morningnewsusa.com	1396072783468
161936	Today, the future of TV rests in the wrinkly hands of the Supreme Court	http://www.digitaltrends.com/home-theater/today-future-tv-rests-wrinkly-hands-supreme-court/	Digital Trends	e	dC2mCxvZt65eU1M6UvUmYCDYXfcpM	www.digitaltrends.com	1398408783726
133849	Google Glass Price: Google to Sell Device to Bigger Pool	http://www.theepochtimes.com/n3/626736-google-glass-price-google-to-sell-device-to-bigger-pool-review-of-apps/	The Epoch Times	t	d_LS-Ex3R_Qui_MpWEl0E97-Kk34M	www.theepochtimes.com	1397831677792
70322	In 45 Seconds, Michael Lewis Explains How The Stock Market Is Rigged	http://www.businessinsider.com/michael-lewis-the-stock-market-is-rigged-2014-3	Business Insider	b	dI0sNpL3ozAVfgMyCWX_cuVlOgAJM	www.businessinsider.com	1396283151580
387504	What happened to MH370 or Malaysia Airline Flight 370 in March?	http://www.thedenverchannel.com/news/u-s-world/what-happened-to-mh370-or-malaysia-airline-flight-370-in-march	The Denver Channel	b	dLIkfTlxDackGzMY7XjuIZPk5uVWM	www.thedenverchannel.com	1405620874224
357056	European Central Bank keeps rates on hold, works on transparency	http://www.denverpost.com/business/ci_26088205/european-central-bank-seeks-transparency-it-vows-support	The Denver Post	b	d4CAA3sZwGJo-lMLgwwsVuqKsBvVM	www.denverpost.com	1404520693062
155364	Labor Deptartment Cutting Coal Dust Levels to Help Miners	http://www.theepochtimes.com/n3/637098-labor-deptartment-cutting-coal-dust-levels-to-help-miners/	The Epoch Times	m	d-tiK4jQDSy4PlM89wOcPl4AR8FSM	www.theepochtimes.com	1398290640973
233246	Star Wars: Force for Change gives you a chance to be in Episode 7	http://www.denofgeek.us/movies/star-wars-episode-7/235831/star-wars-force-for-change-gives-you-a-chance-to-be-in-episode-7	Den of Geek \(US\)	e	dSY4Ahs2UF6WTuM81IETcs7oDycmM	www.denofgeek.us	1400702408984
240876	Hewlett Packard to lay off more workers worldwide	http://www.rte.ie/news/business/2014/0523/619113-hewlett-packard/	RTE.ie	b	dRlGeEDyIe3WfPMDiIQQCjHQql0jM	www.rte.ie	1400856180320
385210	Apollo 11: What Liftoff Looked Like	http://life.time.com/history/apollo-11-photos-of-what-liftoff-looked-like/	TIME	t	dzQmd1EPwmSqKhMLXCP72I2oihiAM	life.time.com	1405569375231
327331	Dollar General CEO announces retirement plans	http://www.thecitywire.com/node/33650	The City Wire	b	d_X5P_2fyP8vqOMQp1L06lZ_65fOM	www.thecitywire.com	1403925021787
215678	Sherri Shepherd Fights For Full Custody Of Unborn Child After Filing For Divorce	http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/05/16/sherri-shepherd-divorce-full-custody-unborn-child_n_5340408.html\?utm_hp_ref=media&amp;ir=Media	Huffington Post	e	dYCGlagIFY8qkBMykw8-NawZvVGcM	www.huffingtonpost.com	1400398077036
419450	Global warming already dangerous, risks being irreversible, says new UN global  ...	http://www.usnews.com/news/world/articles/2014/08/26/un-panel-global-warming-human-caused-dangerous	U.S. News \& World Report	t	dYjSqfA276FItIMqy6yMyrYqvWZsM	www.usnews.com	1409206006082
216862	Vietnamese in Taiwan fear reprisals after riots	http://www.chinapost.com.tw/taiwan/foreign-community/2014/05/19/408079/Vietnamese-in.htm	China Post	b	d690COzrYc_CgTMSG3masGYpZrKhM	www.chinapost.com.tw	1400444355620
175024	Craig Ferguson Leaving CBS's 'Late Late Show', But Will There Be a  ...	http://www.latinpost.com/articles/11454/20140430/craig-ferguson-leaving-cbss-late-late-show-but-will-there-be-a-replacement.htm	Latin Post	e	dK06FL3PGRmmbTMr9nG-aybxfwAxM	www.latinpost.com	1398876594629
311923	ACA: AT&T/DirecTV Needs Fair Pricing Conditions	http://www.broadcastingcable.com/news/washington/aca-attdirectv-needs-fair-pricing-conditions/131958	Broadcasting \& Cable	t	dzQVQgaz2sWmAmMoIV_8fjwLnwJeM	www.broadcastingcable.com	1403641112799
398948	Labor Board: Franchise Owners Responsible For Workers	http://www.israelidiamond.co.il/english/News.aspx\?boneId=918&amp;objid=14755	Israel Diamond Portal	b	dt5Flt2EEOHaL1MS5jVGPLU1sa6EM	www.israelidiamond.co.il	1406719561460
197919	Portal warps to Nvidia Shield next week	http://www.joystiq.com/2014/05/08/portal-warps-to-nvidia-shield-next-week/	Joystiq	t	dtrpwQ21yopUJnM6wnvsqD_pwYDwM	www.joystiq.com	1399633094308
119705	CANDIDATE FOR WORST TWITTER LINK OF THE YEAR US Airways  ...	http://www.skyvalleychronicle.com/BREAKING-NEWS/CANDIDATE-FOR-WORST-TWITTER-LINK-OF-THE-YEAR-br-US-Airways-apologizes-for-image-that-went-out-to-customers-1700181	Sky Valley Chronicle	e	dYvnirQ5sLRyjpMNgiKM0uOmgttPM	www.skyvalleychronicle.com	1397593918794
283397	FCC to probe Netflix's battle against Internet providers	http://www.kvue.com/story/entertainment/television/2014/06/13/fcc-to-probe-netflixs-battle-against-internet-providers/10453001/	KVUE	t	dYw7S2nFjH9jf7MHoovgvTrllpTOM	www.kvue.com	1402743364907
139439	A flood of big-name earnings reports: Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley  ...	http://finance.yahoo.com/blogs/hot-stock-minute/a-flood-of-big-name-earnings-reports--goldman-sachs--american-express--ibm--google--pepsi-120230205.html	Yahoo Finance \(blog\)	b	doej3hPF6gmIl9MkyWfMgAAW2tX_M	finance.yahoo.com	1397944496888
380416	Microsoft Layoffs Happening Soon?	http://slog.thestranger.com/slog/archives/2014/07/15/microsoft-layoffs-happening-soon	TheStranger.com	t	dxlZwXXkyL2Xg3M6_ZVfFq2VIWwOM	slog.thestranger.com	1405487607273
93426	Future and Kanye Brag About Their Trophy Wives in 'I Won'	http://www.celebuzz.com/2014-04-08/future-and-kanye-brag-about-their-trophy-wives-in-i-won/	Celebuzz	e	dkrPwfawxJNnqpMUaR8qUICOcpWRM	www.celebuzz.com	1396996475373
356629	Job Creation Higher for June, but Critics Still Wary of Reports Citing Economic  ...	http://www.latinopost.com/articles/6559/20140704/reports-show-288-000-jobs-created-in-june-president-obama-urges-higher-federal-minimum-wage-news-update.htm	Latino Post	b	d_1GDOuC2uOwksMIfF236si04svBM	www.latinopost.com	1404517872756
63316	Seattle police releases dozens of new Kurt Cobain photos	http://www.latimes.com/entertainment/music/posts/la-et-ms-seattle-police-kurt-cobain-photos-20140328,0,4494984.story	Los Angeles Times	e	dI651eAoYqMX0iMwTfqQpgnyMV7FM	www.latimes.com	1396080761742
166564	Apple supplier Cirrus to buy UK chip maker Wolfson for $489 million	http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/tech/tech-news/Apple-supplier-Cirrus-to-buy-UK-chip-maker-Wolfson-for-489-million/articleshow/34373898.cms	Times of India	b	dL7JBcgGBMIlfSMjzz7rpE35qwDiM	timesofindia.indiatimes.com	1398775843146
252839	EU faces giant policy dilemma	http://main.omanobserver.om/\?p=83762	Oman Daily Observer	b	diX7JW3Zl5pjQWMtToVRtPBi_b4yM	main.omanobserver.om	1401158721576
190898	Saban Brands & Lionsgate to Reboot Power Rangers for the Big Screen	http://www.worldscreen.com/articles/display/2014-5-7-kids-sabanbrands-lionsgate-powerrangers	World Screen	e	dgG2RXN-CQauPmM9EYDP3-Ja5bj5M	www.worldscreen.com	1399510107527
331337	NASA launches flight to test...	http://www.rappler.com/science-nature/earth-space/61903-nasa-test-mars-landing-technology	Rappler	t	dek4zI4TSBcfI-MOW3cEfTdkCeBBM	www.rappler.com	1404081985870
47617	King shares plummet as it goes on stock market, but what will the IPO mean for  ...	http://www.thedrum.com/news/2014/03/26/king-shares-plummet-it-goes-stock-market-what-will-ipo-mean-tech-scene	The Drum	b	dQtK6MP92Wshd3MbmOLp71BNJ1smM	www.thedrum.com	1395880978761
323272	Do two Supreme Court rulings fairly balance individual rights and new technology?	http://www.philly.com/philly/business/technology/Do_Supreme_Court_rulings_fairly_balance_individual_rights_and_new_technology.html	Philly.com	t	dPj6jzhV5zd1F1M1uOiXt--e4PQAM	www.philly.com	1403859110746
75680	Charlie White & Sharna Burgess Have One 'Happy' Jive on 'DWTS' - Watch Now!	http://www.justjaredjr.com/2014/03/31/charlie-white-sharna-burgess-have-one-happy-jive-on-dwts-watch-now/	Just Jared Jr.	e	dq1UpkJ6SQ9xfCMH3zUtYx9eN0_6M	www.justjaredjr.com	1396356069542
382207	Bullock's encounter with stalker was real-life scary movie scene	http://www.cp24.com/entertainment-news/bullock-s-encounter-with-stalker-was-real-life-scary-movie-scene-1.1915273	CP24 Toronto's Breaking News	e	djRzTlRuxoJrlIMLo0bo370CtpBgM	www.cp24.com	1405506102540
70778	Tesla Upgrades Model S with Free Titanium Shields to Prevent Fire!	http://www.gaadi.com/news/tesla-upgrades-model-s-with-free-titanium-shields-to-prevent-fire-3571	Gaadi.com	b	du0OdX60UILirMMTVzRTn-FxIonnM	www.gaadi.com	1396285077340
325357	Movie Review: 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' is a thrilling visual spectacle	http://www.apunkachoice.com/content/article/sid100020381-movie_review_transformers_age_of_extinction_is_a_thrilling_visual_spectacle/	Apun Ka Choice	e	dC_oJ7bqiVUHtdMcB2U1Hvx_z5ghM	www.apunkachoice.com	1403872378044
44331	UK government sells £4.2bn stake in Lloyds	http://www.irishtimes.com/business/sectors/financial-services/uk-government-sells-4-2bn-stake-in-lloyds-1.1738658	Irish Times	b	dvjMCR4SFMRYJZMeg-i_QJWuERiYM	www.irishtimes.com	1395826397747
143856	Jack White makes limited vinyl record of live show in under 4 hours	http://www.ctvnews.ca/entertainment/jack-white-makes-limited-vinyl-record-of-live-show-in-under-4-hours-1.1783432	CTV News	e	dS0HW7xz9fGT9tMbyS8FHtBSbnhSM	www.ctvnews.ca	1398058106982
101986	Walmart forays into organic goods market	http://www.myfoxtampabay.com/story/25228820/2014/04/11/walmart-forays-into-organic-goods-market	MyFox Tampa Bay	b	dwQoEfePtV9txwM7-UVYhAGqZdDlM	www.myfoxtampabay.com	1397291646522
129790	Doctors not able to reattach Wu-Tang Clan affiliated rapper Andre Johnson's penis	http://thecelebritycafe.com/feature/2014/04/doctors-not-able-reattach-wu-tang-clan-affiliated-rapper-andre-johnsons-penis	TheCelebrityCafe.com	e	dOA99AYk7RESI8MuUgFgBFmXnPzXM	thecelebritycafe.com	1397771183199
254387	Floyd Mayweather vs. TI Fight, Rapper 50 Cent Mocks Las Vegas Brawl in  ...	http://www.mstarz.com/articles/31051/20140525/floyd-mayweather-vs-ti-fight-rapper-50-cent-mocks-las-vegas-brawl-hilarious-fake-call-watch-ni-gga-tiny-his-bitch.htm	Mstarz	e	dAT2BaQdrXWXa2M_BtX3wJMZ6_OpM	www.mstarz.com	1401170331596
375760	The Resistance Is Alive in Second Mockingjay Trailer!	http://moviepilot.com/posts/2014/07/09/the-resistance-is-alive-in-second-mockingjay-trailer-1698835	moviepilot.com	e	d_ZrWITH6C6IRYMevQNxG6MQt1b4M	moviepilot.com	1404979284858
211043	Community: Dan Harmon Says NBC Cult Show May Be Gone For Good	http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/community-dan-harmon-says-nbc-cult-show-may-be-gone-good-1448150	International Business Times UK	e	dXk-F94AbwkKZYMEcSoSy4Iq648qM	www.ibtimes.co.uk	1399987057666
317878	Barnes & Noble to split businesses	http://triblive.com/business/headlines/6344929-74/businesses-barnes-noble	Tribune-Review	b	dc4ziFbTuRjJjxM9hLUIlE27kedwM	triblive.com	1403780595037
122459	T. rex to rule Smithsonian exhibit	http://www.htrnews.com/viewart/20140415/MAN0101/304160094/T-rex-rule-Smithsonian-exhibit	Herald Times Reporter	t	d0FM9fMioFv4z-MbOOQNbGH1gSb1M	www.htrnews.com	1397649653234
380013	Marissa Mayer 'not satisfied' with Yahoo's poor second-quarter results	http://www.latimes.com/business/technology/la-fi-tn-yahoo-earnings-20140715-story.html	Los Angeles Times	t	dN3lcpsGAo8QJGM3cPj_gL-gci9iM	www.latimes.com	1405483532736
8522	US stocks edging closer to uneven finish as Chinese growth concerns weigh on  ...	http://www.newser.com/article/50b1079502834640aa3ebff00ce1be7c/us-stocks-edging-closer-to-uneven-finish-as-chinese-growth-concerns-weigh-on-investors.html	Newser	b	dE1nRuMbDnCeYhMLITzsKriNPFBpM	www.newser.com	1394707996457
327240	Puerto Rico agency debt slumps as law fuels default fears	http://money.msn.com/business-news/article.aspx\?feed=OBR&amp;date=20140627&amp;id=17737202	MSN Money	b	dfFVR1TIs6Pn31M-CdRLtI16FOT7M	money.msn.com	1403924747233
281998	Dispute with CEO led to exit of Twitter's No. 2	http://www.marketwatch.com/story/dispute-with-ceo-led-to-exit-of-twitters-no-2-2014-06-13	MarketWatch	b	d21ZxkbVj2XPGVMbmXBd18ERQq1nM	www.marketwatch.com	1402733057111
17003	US Navy says finding missing plane like spotting a few people between  ...	http://www.newser.com/article/d2fe79f6e980491fadd9159f987f52d6/us-navy-says-finding-missing-plane-like-spotting-a-few-people-between-california-and-new-york.html	Newser	b	dZqPur_Xtkpjv-M0bIhrbG4A_ZC0M	www.newser.com	1395158992329
66612	Facebook's Oculus Vs Google Glass: The Telecommunications War Begins	http://www.latinpost.com/articles/9704/20140329/facebooks-oculus-vs-google-glass-telecommunications-war-begins.htm	Latin Post	t	dWKnoRqtczdXW5MiYNGW2oh3Mp5sM	www.latinpost.com	1396180658371
179099	Adam Levine Goes Platinum Blonde In Selfie With Fiance Behati	http://www.inquisitr.com/1238304/adam-levine-goes-platinum-blonde-in-selfie-with-fiance-behati/	The Inquisitr	e	dyN9gB_fTHipBoMb5edKdX2SMVvDM	www.inquisitr.com	1399321704252
351156	1 Killed, 5 Hurt In Shootings At BET Awards Pre-Parties	http://www.wfmynews2.com/story/news/nation/2014/06/29/bet-awards-pre-parties-shootings/11715255/	WFMY News 2	e	dH1n5nW6X6xNjwMIL0H2ry9UyfIfM	www.wfmynews2.com	1404393897781
256148	China Reportedly Considering Removing IBM Servers From Local Banks	http://www.ubergizmo.com/2014/05/china-reportedly-considering-removing-ibm-servers-from-local-banks/	Ubergizmo	b	dsg5brpF-OS9BcM3O4Bopqjn7jY1M	www.ubergizmo.com	1401226916680
371262	Top 10 conglomerates' market cap slips on slump in Samsung, POSCO	http://www.globalpost.com/dispatch/news/yonhap-news-agency/140708/top-10-conglomerates-market-cap-slips-slump-samsung-posco	GlobalPost	b	d43cbo-PKndaGSM6v01FuHMCaQ3AM	www.globalpost.com	1404895513589
93241	Shop or else: Strong-arming is back for tourists in Hong Kong	http://www.eturbonews.com/44432/shop-or-else-strong-arming-back-tourists-hong-kong	eTurboNews	e	dLs4VGitq_tLu7M9H3n90ND2uCKqM	www.eturbonews.com	1396995100850
169328	Andrew Garfield: Worldwide Orphans Foundation 'Spider-Man 2' Screening!	http://www.justjaredjr.com/2014/04/28/andrew-garfield-worldwide-orphans-foundation-spider-man-2-screening/	Just Jared Jr.	e	dufzJ17u-Wb2SqMsB2qfTB9F-c9eM	www.justjaredjr.com	1398795542536
256666	Apple gear hijacked down under	http://www.fudzilla.com/home/item/34835-apple-gear-hijacked-down-under	Fudzilla	t	d2_VvSe4h7-S1-MC6tvTsHIY07G4M	www.fudzilla.com	1401230147089
236273	Caleb Johnson Is The New American Idol !	http://www.wwnc.com/articles/local-news-122546/caleb-johnson-is-the-new-american-12381444	News Radio 570 WWNC	e	dYYkDrJX5Ly_YcM8H7PbWvlDl9aKM	www.wwnc.com	1400764027192
384744	Look out, PS4: Microsoft claims that Xbox One sales more than doubled since  ...	http://venturebeat.com/2014/07/16/look-out-ps4-xbox-one-sales-more-than-doubled-since-400-kinect-less-version/	VentureBeat	t	dSYYQmR9nv1P5qMBVAu12xZzYSK2M	venturebeat.com	1405566617573
95239	Four paraplegic men voluntarily move their legs in an 'unprecedented  ...	http://www.kyforward.com/our-health/2014/04/08/four-paraplegic-men-voluntarily-move-their-legs-in-an-unprecedented-breakthrough/	KyForward.com	m	dk04ETxyzqcsi-M3JJcJAIqJVanSM	www.kyforward.com	1397003113983
75630	Chelsea Handler Ending 'Chelsea Lately', Leaving E! Talk Show After 8 Years	http://www.justjared.com/2014/03/30/chelsea-handler-ending-chelsea-lately-leaving-e-talk-show-after-8-years/	Just Jared	e	d7kxLYvra85Cs5MY2sTgbBnCqbKqM	www.justjared.com	1396355979553
119362	Gone Girl trailer: Ben Affleck, Rosamund Pike in David Fincher thriller	http://www.digitalspy.co.uk/movies/news/a564241/gone-girl-trailer-ben-affleck-rosamund-pike-in-david-fincher-thriller.html	Digital Spy UK	e	dplR3ISnkkn9qbM8zYnygjzuPNkfM	www.digitalspy.co.uk	1397591805461
53554	Drinking and Partying: Selena Gomez 'Back to Her Old Ways'	http://www.showbizspy.com/article/269335/drinking-and-partying-selena-gomez-back-to-her-old-ways.html	Showbiz Spy	e	dr1DG6a8-xbcDsMFN2bA1PDfNWgSM	www.showbizspy.com	1395961335783
209645	Antarctica ice sheet collapsing	http://www.deccanchronicle.com/140513/world-americas/article/antarctica-ice-sheet-collapsing	Deccan Chronicle	t	dJr7kSAye7_QhHMpxKxkTwGb5FFlM	www.deccanchronicle.com	1399978753817
200719	Euro drops through $1.38 to one-month low	http://www.marketwatch.com/story/euro-drops-through-138-to-one-month-low-2014-05-09\?reflink=MW_news_stmp	MarketWatch	b	dibPrncWSnfQ6yMpAIzIKB9Std9CM	www.marketwatch.com	1399689586425
201917	Mother's Day 2014: Gift ideas and deals for mom	http://www.examiner.com/article/mother-s-day-2014-gift-ideas-and-deals-for-mom	Examiner.com	e	dQKjMgdHlT4cSyMuroGA_2kAZRACM	www.examiner.com	1399696144134
222986	Kaiser Permanente pharmacists threaten to walk off job	http://www.kesq.com/news/kaiser-permanente-pharmacists-threaten-to-walk-off-job/26007882	KESQ	m	dbdYOCDnB6xGxjMaQAG3Jj6VQmirM	www.kesq.com	1400534827084
253945	Mad Men Finale Recap: How to Succeed in Business (While Actually Dying)	http://www.sulphurdailynews.com/article/20140526/NEWS/305269999/-1/Entertainment%20Life	Sulphur Southwest Daily News	e	dLa3JLCHpg-5GBMmWwZLpyOSctVhM	www.sulphurdailynews.com	1401167190866
408090	When Rita Ora forgot her lines	http://www.ianslive.in/index.php\?param=news/When_Rita_Ora_forgot_her_lines-435948/ENTERTAINMENT/15	IANS	e	dOzivZJwk6LfgTMdepneVemCpZPIM	www.ianslive.in	1406871393528
304703	Go Figure: Dr. Oz's Sky-High Ratings Don't Always Mean Good Medicine	http://www.totalbeauty.com/content/blog/dr-oz-gets-slap-wrist-us-senate-140618\?cid=nav_diethealth_featured_position1	TotalBeauty.com \(blog\)	m	dYMmNWczTmpm7WMx2-xgud-WO_J_M	www.totalbeauty.com	1403142321813
242266	Google working on tablet with 3D technology	http://www.presstv.ir/detail/2014/05/23/363811/google-working-on-3d-tech-tablet/	Press TV	t	duaEdk4hebuJCDM4aiSvC1Nv3ThrM	www.presstv.ir	1400868331828
306611	Amazon smartphone 'something different'	http://www.orovillemr.com/breakingnews/ci_25993642/amazon-smartphone-something-different	Mercury-Register	t	dgPZoYkxoHxa7aMeHwGYSeDaf8w4M	www.orovillemr.com	1403198600382
370649	Soon a blood test will predict Alzheimer's onset	http://www.west-info.eu/oon-blood-test-will-predict-alzheimers-onse/	West - Welfare Society Territory	m	dBQZfqk1RWfROiMEwKZTveCG-dmqM	www.west-info.eu	1404851416392
414046	Pluto-bound spacecraft New Horizons crosses Neptune orbit	http://www.foxnews.com/science/2014/08/25/pluto-bound-spacecraft-new-horizons-crosses-neptune-orbit/	Fox News	t	dHwpBn5nPddyyBMVxDH1XUIseZUqM	www.foxnews.com	1409010402893
129520	Happy birthday! Ford Mustang turns 50	http://www.bakersfieldnow.com/news/national/Happy-Birthday-Ford-Mustang-255617611.html	Bakersfield Now	t	d1oJn05W7Z5ZD_Mk4rxLdCvkwMhiM	www.bakersfieldnow.com	1397770480886
101590	Techs Slide, Stocks Close Down	http://www.kwtx.com/news/business/headlines/Techs-Slide-Stocks-Close-Down-254948061.html	KWTX	b	df5fKCUy67JAVNMUknwR6CY-Er6XM	www.kwtx.com	1397290214787
101579	Brutal Week For Stock Markets Capped Off With TSX, Dow, Nasdaq Losses	http://www.huffingtonpost.ca/2014/04/11/stock-markets-down-tsx-nasdaq-dow_n_5135383.html	Huffington Post Canada	b	df5fKCUy67JAVNMUknwR6CY-Er6XM	www.huffingtonpost.ca	1397290212074
232523	Lost River Teaser Trailer Is Creepy As Hell	https://uk.movies.yahoo.com/lost-river-teaser-trailer-creepy-hell-182700263.html	Yahoo Movies UK \(blog\)	e	dl4a_t0i7CF9oVMMJvy5-RYwC7miM	uk.movies.yahoo.com	1400697018212
10017	Masayoshi Son: Let Sprint buy T-Mobile and we'll start a “massive price war”	http://mindofthegeek.com/2014/03/12/masayoshi-son-let-sprint-buy-t-mobile-and-well-start-a-massive-price-war/	Mind Of The Geek	t	dtBNhkt0YyqHCuM_AG4A9VctDEl7M	mindofthegeek.com	1394714712251
319590	Bob Dylan lyrics for 'Like a Rolling Stone' sell for $2 million	http://jam.canoe.ca/Music/2014/06/24/21762671.html	CANOE	e	dww_neszjqsFC1MCimibgtzFUu2_M	jam.canoe.ca	1403793460127
356495	Harwood Feffer LLP Announces Investigation of Vitacost.com, Inc.	http://www.digitaljournal.com/pr/2032446	DigitalJournal.com	b	dv6P1GlqPymra3MZ0KZj-047qn93M	www.digitaljournal.com	1404515485877
92599	Warning: Microsoft ends support of XP	http://www.ketknbc.com/news/warning-microsoft-ends-support-of-xp	KETK	t	dI4n0Nno6NFSZUM7MU77tPw1SXRfM	www.ketknbc.com	1396992628132
245788	Statewide gas price average up two cents before Memorial Day	http://www.thepampanews.com/news/article_3eb8b7b4-e126-11e3-864e-001a4bcf6878.html	Pampa News	b	ddxh9EMxrCPrOGMP-z0R4rh7iKv6M	www.thepampanews.com	1400930776234
71706	Microsoft's free OneNote digital notebook review: A useful addition to Office for  ...	http://tabtimes.com/review/ittech-os-ipad-ios/2014/03/31/microsoft-free-onenote-digital-notebook-review-useful-addition	TabTimes	t	dHxXhJ9XOvP-XgMPjHJFTI_hVVAzM	tabtimes.com	1396288577704
175201	TVGN Orders New Kids on the Block Series, Developing Singing Show From  ...	http://www.thewrap.com/tvgn-2013-2014-programming-slate-nkotb	TheWrap	e	djV5eby1iUTuv6MV51p5Vy7n6n96M	www.thewrap.com	1398877984915
102697	Astronauts will grow their own food (or weed?) for the first time ever	http://sploid.gizmodo.com/astronauts-will-grow-food-for-the-first-time-in-history-1562417014/+caseychan	Gizmodo	t	dn4Lp8k3NrZuWpM1pBwG2tvu_h2nM	sploid.gizmodo.com	1397295154253
395430	Kiefer Sutherland's rep responds to Freddie Prinze Jr.'s complaints about actor	http://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/2014/07/28/freddie-prinze-jr-kiefer-sutherland-almost-made-me-quit-acting/	Fox News	e	dhDmEDsdKu6N8XMsG-usUxmOFFqaM	www.foxnews.com	1406651177566
188482	GLOBAL MARKETS-Yellen comments boost US stocks; gold falls	http://in.reuters.com/article/2014/05/07/markets-global-idINL2N0NT23Z20140507	Reuters	b	duFafA3ap35yO4MOcofi4Br3PF6WM	in.reuters.com	1399497816599
24570	Walmart Used Game Trade-Ins Announced	http://www.cinemablend.com/games/Walmart-Used-Game-Trade-Ins-Announced-62869.html	Cinema Blend	b	dxrStbpfnH5zjIM-2HS6xpt7arezM	www.cinemablend.com	1395317812399
257513	Bill Murray's deadpan marriage advice	http://news.ph.msn.com/weird-news/bill-murrays-deadpan-marriage-advice-1	MSN Philippines News	e	dnJ8lnsGE-p-CmM0toIlcAaEfMLJM	news.ph.msn.com	1401234635698
361001	Where to Watch the East River Fireworks on July 4th	http://www.allmediany.com/articles/13789-where-to-watch-the-east-river-fireworks-on-july-4th	AllMediaNY	e	dzu3XYGfV8y2N9Mdv-GKxExQl6jOM	www.allmediany.com	1404592005749
36253	Shailene Woodley Is About To Become Very, Very Busy	http://www.refinery29.com/2014/03/64956/divergent-gets-sequel	Refinery29	e	d_oUk702ysXcmLMXRJe0R-XgNycCM	www.refinery29.com	1395624042104
130611	Jay Z Announces Second Budweiser Made in America Music Festival To Be  ...	http://www.contactmusic.com/article/jay-z-announces-budweiser-made-in-america-music-festival-los-angeles_4158608	Contactmusic.com	e	dBB_fEH6Hr1wKVMPZ4Zmbf_PR-uZM	www.contactmusic.com	1397776217586
48223	House of Representatives Approves Civil Right Framework for the Internet in Brazil	http://www1.folha.uol.com.br/internacional/en/brazil/2014/03/1431053-house-of-representatives-approves-civil-right-framework-for-the-internet-in-brazil.shtml	Folha.com	t	dXJ97czvK7l_y-M1J2RrRbP9RGmbM	www1.folha.uol.com.br	1395883386399
227822	Led Zeppelin legend Robert Plant visits Ludlow Assembly Rooms	http://www.ludlowadvertiser.co.uk/news/11224897.Led_Zeppelin_legend_Robert_Plant_visits_Ludlow_Assembly_Rooms/	Ludlow Advertiser	e	dBppTfeEudNfAnMdu-LHuYiuGajNM	www.ludlowadvertiser.co.uk	1400645185294
370941	Decades-Old Forgotten Vials Of Smallpox Found In Storage Room	http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/07/08/smallpox-vials-found_n_5567958.html	Huffington Post	m	dqz8BAzkp_qRtMM5tjn6tPyiMxajM	www.huffingtonpost.com	1404853921588
147618	Veep 3.03 Review: “Alicia”	http://www.tvovermind.com/veep/veep-3-03-review-alicia-232633	TVOvermind	e	dNEbtgGuOl60lZMX9TwyfEUcSAvqM	www.tvovermind.com	1398166052654
21238	Dollar Gains First Day in 4 Versus Euro Before Fed; Pound Rises	http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2014-03-19/dollar-strengthens-against-yen-before-fed-decision-pound-rises.html	Bloomberg	b	dr_9dz3HbXAbfbMbFMCvyN2YZQsjM	www.bloomberg.com	1395231446866
98856	Drake Disguises Himself For Jimmy Kimmel Live's 'Lie Witness News': Watch	http://www.billboard.com/articles/columns/the-juice/6049840/drake-disguises-himself-for-jimmy-kimmel-lives-lie-witness-news	Billboard	e	dnliuxK1Zt0cqAMTx2FJq-DFp1zpM	www.billboard.com	1397239416977
100026	Obama names Sylvia Burrell to take over healthcare law implementation	http://www.latimes.com/nation/politics/politicsnow/la-pn-obama-sebelius-burwell-obamacare-20140411,0,7382095.story	Los Angeles Times	m	dJ_k5DjBr5MzK0MHf5sNCVPmDHMNM	www.latimes.com	1397244930982
93857	Peaches Geldof post mortem due 'in the next few days'	http://www.whatsontv.co.uk/tv-news/news/peaches-geldof-post-mortem-due-in-the-next-few-days	What's On TV	e	dVcLyu7MZ2lvOuM8psiqi0ay7A2GM	www.whatsontv.co.uk	1396997440081
308498	Stocks retreat from their record highs	http://www.click2houston.com/news/money/iraq-oil-price-fears-spook-market/26617366	KPRC Houston	b	dsD4qnRQTWLnWiMiub3R9WIqYkBIM	www.click2houston.com	1403547392531
7350	Bachelor ends season 18, Juan Pablo Galavis gave no ring	http://www.vcpost.com/articles/22411/20140311/bachelor-season-finale-juan-pablo-galavis-doesnt-propose.htm	Venture Capital Post	e	dsxSK7cm0Bn72sM0Y-QP-7WD8mgLM	www.vcpost.com	1394617913421
131978	After Target, US retailer Michaels Stores confirms payment card data breach	http://tech.firstpost.com/news-analysis/after-target-michaels-stores-is-next-us-retailer-to-confirm-payment-card-data-breach-222030.html	Firstpost	b	dQSPB4BG3scAgNMnecJBsnHHMVBYM	tech.firstpost.com	1397823517049
61991	Office for iPad tops App Store charts in less than a day	http://www.geekwire.com/2014/office-ipad-tops-app-store-charts-less-day/	GeekWire	t	dqxiAuI5-VX_wIMWkguCD89w1-IoM	www.geekwire.com	1396073388063
4060	A Message From Sheryl Sandberg, DVF And Beyonce: Stop Calling Girls Bossy"
b Deutsche Bank posts 29 percent net profit drop
b Barclays axes 19000 jobs, reins in Wall Street ambitions
t Phil Spencer Gets Promoted To Head Of Xbox Division
t Report: 44% of Registered Twitter Users Have Never Tweeted
b HSBC PMI at 17-month high, signals solid improvement in business conditions
b Wal-mart Stores (WMT) Misses Q1 EPS by 5c; US Comps Flat; Issues Light Q2  ...
e 'True Blood' Final Episode Thank You Spoilers: Death, Wedding, New Blood And  ...
b High-Frequency Trading Has 'Rigged The Stock Market'
e Robin Thicke Addresses Estranged Wife Paula Patton in Awkward Twitter Chat
m No bun in the oven for panda that loves extra buns
e Bulger's Santa Monica apartment for rent
e Seth Meyers Named Host of the 66th Primetime Emmy Awards
e Du Quoin mayor to take Ice Bucket Challenge tonight
e Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: watch the new trailer
m MERS Virus: 10 Facts You Should Know
t Lytro Illum Camera
t Watch Dogs PC players experience crashes, server issues with uPlay
e Country music singer Kevin Sharp dies
m In a cloning first, scientists create stem cells from adults
t NASA photos from space show Earth's pollution
b Sterling hits 2-month high vs euro after inflation data, then slips
t It's alive! 36-year-old 'zombie' spacecraft rescued from the abyss fires thrusters  ...
b American Apparel adopts shareholder-rights plan to block Charney
e Eminem's Mother's Day apology, Conchita Wurst wins Eurovision Song Contest  ...
b Shocking NLRB Decision: Franchisor And Franchisee Are "Joint Employers"
m Women more likely than men to develop Alzheimer's
e Tragedy strikes 'Bachelorette' contestant
m Illinois won't ban medical marijuana patients from owning guns
e Christian pilgrims in Jerusalem find their path to the Via Dolorosa is an ever  ...
m FDA approves Grastek for grass allergies
b The terrifying moment two women escape death after diving under train on  ...
t Congress Jumps into Dodger Broadcast Dispute
e VIDEO: Miley Cyrus gets in the twerking mood ahead of London gig
e Spotify Hits 10 Million Paid Subcribers
b J&J Accepts $4 Billion Carlyle Offer for Diagnostics Unit
e Shocking: One Direction's Zayn Malik and Louis Tomlinson Caught Smoking  ...
b UK's Cameron calls EU leaders to discuss Commission president
t Titanfall Expedition DLC Dropping in May
m 2nd Pool of West Nile in Boston
e Russell Brand Rolf Harris conviction
e Lindsay Lohan was nearly in The Avengers 2, says Lindsay Lohan.
e Bill Murray Is Basically Royal Tenenbaum In The 'St. Vincent' Trailer
e Kimye's extravagant Florence wedding was so Kardashian
e Cameron Diaz and Jason Segel make a 'Sex Tape' in red band trailer
t Alfa Romeo will Make its North American Return at the New York Auto Show
e See the 1st Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Trailer
e Blog: Grand night out
b Missing jet relatives forcibly removed from news conference
e Justin Bieber's Racist Joke -- 15-Year-Old Biebs Cracks Terrible Joke [VIDEO]
t See Saturn Shine Near the Moon Tuesday: Where to Look
b Senator avoids getting hit by oncoming train during press conference on train  ...
e Seth Rogen's 'Neighbors' crashes Spider-Man's box office party with huge $51.1  ...
e The Bock's Office: 'Fault in Our Stars' is a bright look at a dark topic
e “The war is not over” Watch a final trailer for Game Of Thrones ahead of series 4
b Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) Marches Stoically Forward As Alibaba Drives
b EPA scores big win to limit mercury in power plants
e Andrew Garfield stars as trans woman in Arcade Fire's new music video
e Comedian John Pinette, 50, dies
e Stephen Colbert Pays Visit To David Letterman
m 'In many ways the Irish tobacco industry exists in the shadows'
b Toyota Kirloskar Motor declares lockout at Bidadi over labour woes
m Could young blood 'slow' ageing?
e Gwen Stefani is joining The Voice as a coach next season
e Guess What Robin Thicke Is Naming His New Album
b Alternative replacement for Fannie and Freddie
b Box to go public, hoping to raise $250 million
e German Newspaper Bild Publishes Kate Middleton's Nude Butt Picture
t Google's Smart Contacts Closer to Becoming a Reality
e The First Trailer for David Fincher's Gone Girl
e Duck Dynasty Star Isn't Sorry for Anti-Gay Remarks
e Celebrities read own insulting tweets on Kimmel Live
b Japan: No need for additional easing
e The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back  ...
e Sofia Coppola To Direct Live-Action 'The Little Mermaid'
t Garmin Reveals $2 Navigation App
b Virgin America CEO says move from D/FW Airport to Dallas Love Field is all  ...
e Is it ova with Hova? Beyonce says maybe with updated version of 'Resentment'
b Twitter Disappoints Again On User Growth And Views; Shares Drop
e Draft of Dylan's 'Like a Rolling Stone' sells for $2M at auction
m Rare Brain-Eating Amoeba Kills 9-Year-Old Swimming Girl In Kansas (VIDEO)
b Mt.Gox is back ... sort of
m White House says no changes to Africa leaders' summit in US despite Ebola  ...
m Cancer survivors honor victims and rally to combat disease / A2
b Bits and Bytes: P.F. Chang's reacts to hack by spurning modern tech
t People Don't Like Google Glass Because It Makes Them Seem Weak
b 16.1 Percent of Chinese Soil Polluted
b Local jobless rates down
e The Bachelorette 2014 Spoilers 'Men Tell All' Season 10 Episode 10: Chris and  ...
t Google buys Titan Aerospace of Moriarty
t Apple Primed to Devour Key Japanese Chipmaker
t Bungie explains Destiny's game modes after alpha footage leak
t Facebook Suffers Another Outage.
e Godfather of House Music Frankie Knuckles Dead at 59!
t E3 Reaction: Destiny is One of the Most Ambitious Games Ever Conceived
b NZ dollar holds above 88 US cts before Yellen testimony, CPI
b Commercial Traders Own the Stock Market's Gyrations
t Facebook's Slingshot app lets you trade one photo or video for another
b Silver Up to $21 an Ounce as Investors Seek Safe Haven
e 'American Idol': Eliminated singer Majesty Rose got advice from Janelle Monae
t Conservation biologists use evolution to identify most valuable species
t Sony warns of battery issue in some Vaio laptops
t Intel: tablets and 2-in-1s are the future of computing
b RPT UPDATE 2-First cargo of Iraqi Kurdistan pipeline oil sold to Europe
b Stocks Move To The Downside After Early Buying Interest Fades - U.S.  ...
m Hopes high for muscular dystrophy drug
e Drew Barrymore's Half Sister Found Dead in Her Car with Pills Scattered on  ...
t UN warns of 'out of control' global warming harm
e Maleficent Unfurls Her Wings In A New Banner
e Official: Powdered alcohol approved in error
b Williams to expand with $6B deal to acquire Access Midstream Partners
b Raytheon naval interceptor fired from land in first test
b Ohio Earthquakes Linked To Fracking, A First For Region
b Twitter earnings clouded by Wall Street's obsession with user growth
e London judge gives BBC star Rolf Harris nearly six years for sexual assault
t Snapchat debuts new 'Our Story' function for communal snap stories at events
e Dina Lohan Sentenced for '13 Long Island DWI, Loses License
b Hong Kong Referendum Was About Democracy
t Xbox studio is now shuttering down by Microsoft
b This Is How A Hedge Funder Brings An Entire Country To Its Knees
e The Bachelorette 2014 Andi Dorfman TV Wedding To Josh Murray Cancelled  ...
b Bank of Japan, more confident about recovery, quietly eyes stimulus exit
b Google Beats Apple in List of World's Most Valuable Brands
t GM Adds 3.2 Million Cars to Recall Total
m Why You May Want to Avoid Tanning Salons
m Yale University Says Student is Too Thin and Should Leave
e 'Batman v Superman' to have more than one villain
b Word on the Street: Taco Bell launches new breakfast menu
e Chelsea Handler to exit 'Chelsea Lately' at the end of her E! contract: report
b Obama plans another big climate push
m FDA staff review recommends against Novartis heart failure drug
e Video Showing Zayn Malik Smoking Weed Leaked
b Satya Nadella: Microsoft Will Show 'Courage In The Face Of Reality' (MSFT)
m Smokers Are Getting Skeptical About E-Cigarette Claims, According To Study
e Supreme Court Allows 'Raging Bull' Heiress to Sue MGM for Copyright Damages
t Amid Hearings, Comcast Ups Speeds/Hotspots
b EPA wants Maine power plants to cut emissions 13.5 percent by 2030
e Should Kendall Jones, The 19-Year-Old Big Game Hunter From Texas, Be  ...
b Japan arms sales shift rings alarm
e Rihanna and Anna Wintour's Text Conversation from the CFDA Awards
e Strangers Agree to Have First Kiss Filmed & We Can't Look Away (VIDEO)
b Wal-Mart Files Suit Against Visa for $5M
t Deals of the Day: Spotlight on Comcast, Record-Setting IPOs
b Barclays Bank Probed In US Over 'Toxic' High-Frequency Traders
t Mystery of the World Trade Center ship solved thanks to tree rings
e 'Godzilla' remake best of movie monster's franchise
e People: Kiss bury hatchets for rock hall honor
t Warming Disrupts Americans' Lives: Federal Report
e Summertime sadness as Lana Del Rey splits from Scot Barrie-James O'Neill
b Postal workers stage protest at Staples
t Nadella Expands Microsoft's Mobile, Cloud Horizons With Office for iPad
t Xbox One totals 5M units sold to retailers worldwide
b Japan, Australia reach FTA accord
e NY Mayor Bill de Blasio settles bet, sings 'I Love LA' on Jimmy Kimmel Live
e Amy Adams gives up first class plane seat to US soldier
b Barclays plans to axe 19000 jobs as it returns to roots
m US Maternal Deaths Highest Since 1980s; What's Causing So Many Mothers To  ...
t Halo 5: Guardians Arrives In Fall 2015
e Avicii pulls out of Ultra Music Festival to have gall bladder removed
b Pinterest Marketing is Worthy of the Hype
e Miley Cyrus' Tour Bus Is Engulfed In Flames, No One Is Hurt
e Don't Watch The New OITNB Trailer Unless You're Ready To Get Your World  ...
b EUROPE MARKETS: Europe Stocks Sag After Downbeat Chinese, German Data
b New satellite images show possible Malaysian jet debris
e Taylor Swift upbeat on music industry's future: 'It's just coming alive'
b Tesla Agrees to Pact with Ohio Dealers
m A new option for amputees: robotics
e June 16, 2014: "Batman v. Superman" Scene Filmed at Large Superman Statue
b U.S. States to Investigate Comcast/Time Warner Cable Merger
t Why Google and Novartis are teaming up
b BP crews contain Lake Michigan oil spill
m New colorectal cancer data to be released | American Cancer Society
e Is Beyonce flat hunting ALONE? Singer 'shopping around without Jay Z amid  ...
b Stocks: brutal finale to week
b Hanoi accuses China of sinking Vietnamese boat
b German inflation, pointing to euro zone, picks up less than expected
b Murdoch expected to keep courting Time Warner
t Running Windows XP? Top five questions as you lose software support
t Nasa's Curiosity celebrates one year on Red Planet
t Google Nexus 8 to release with Android 4.5 Lollipop in July?
b US accuses China of cyber espionage cyberspying case
e Gunman's family tried to intervene before rampage
t Apple updates MacBook Air with faster processor, cheaper price
b Renewable energy sector now supports over 100000 UK jobs
t 25-foot-wide Asteroid (2014 HL129) Safely Passed Earth
m Hope for Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis Patients as Two Drugs Reported To  ...
t Gas Prices Continue Rise in Big Country
e Harrison Ford Injured On Set Of "Star Wars: Episode VII," Airlifted To Hospital
e The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back  ...
t Titanfall's second-screen app is neat, if you ever remember to look at it
m High Blood Pressure, sugar in teenage may lead to dementia
b Hewlett-Packard to cut additional 11000 to 16000 jobs, stock falls on earnings  ...
m Hurricanes Katrina, Rita Responsible For Up To Half Of Recorded Stillbirths In  ...
b Business news and markets: as it happened - April 28, 2014
e 'Game of Thrones' Mastermind George R.R. Martin Releases New Chapter From  ...
t Microsoft Surface: What you need to know
t Wearable devices getting closer
e Kim & Kanye Aren't The Only Ones! Most Expensive Celebrity Weddings
m News Flash: Wikipedia Is A Horrible Place To Get Medical Information
b IATA chief calls for global mindset to address industry challenges
m Officials say Ebola outbreak could last months (Update)
e 'Scandal' Recap: Fitz & Mellie's Kids Stir Up The Drama
e Home Alone star Macaulay Culkin booed off stage ahead of Guildhall visit
t Galaxy Note 2 on Verizon Gets Minor Update, Includes Roaming on TELUS
t GM to announce compensation for ignition switch recall
t iOS 8: Lock screen app shortcuts, iPhoto changes, & App Store reviews
m Warmer the Season Higher the Diseases - Be Aware
b Chinese State Media Had The Most Unintentionally Comedic Response To The  ...
t Microsoft admits major vulnerability in Internet Explorer
b Procter & Gamble Profit Tops View On Cost Cutting, But Sales Miss
t Teradata announces Teradata QueryGrid big data solution
m Soldiers Returning from War Have a High Rate of Painkiller Use
b Social Security closes offices even as baby boomers age
e A Guy On Kickstarter Has Raised Over $23000 (And Counting) To Make Potato  ...
e 'Foxcatcher' Early Buzz and Teaser: Bennett Miller At His Best
t Morning Jolt: Walmart cuts iPhone prices to $99
b Crude Oil Holds Below USD106 Ahead Of US Consumer Sentiment
t Amazon smartphone has "magical" scanner
e WATCH: Wheel of Fortune sees best solve ever
b Turkish citizens fight back against Twitter ban
m People Urged To Throw Away Evergreen Fresh Sprouts Products
e Taylor Swift, Kenny Chesney Top Billboard's Money-Maker List
e Five to keep an eye on in the second Eurovision semi-final
b U.S. Existing-Home Sales Rise
b General Motors' first quarter profits plunge after major product recall
e Woman Falls Into "Major Debt" Trying to Look Like Kim Kardashian
t Feeling flirty? Facebook adds Ask button to find out if a friend is single or not
t Google Search For Android Updated, Will Notify You About Upcoming Traffic Jams
e Buckle Up, Because Avril Lavigne's New Music Video Is Going to Take You for a  ...
t New bill unveiled to kill Internet 'fast lanes' once and for all
b Venture spending returns to dot-com era levels
e Neil Young Announces The Launch Of Hi-Fi Music Service PonoMusic
t Another Recall by GM of Over 3.36 Million
e Selena Gomez: A 'Complete Mess' Over Justin Bieber's New Flirty Pics
e Chelsea Handler to leave her talk show, report says
b US Stock Futures Rise; GDP, Jobless Claims Data In Focus
e The Voice: How to Watch the 'Live Recap Show' Online
b US budget office raises deficit forecast
e Comedian John Pinette
m CDC: MERS virus spread in US but 2nd man not sick
t Chrysler Accelerates Recall Repairs After Special Order Issued
e 'True Blood' News: Latest Killed Off Character Dishes On How He Felt Dying On  ...
e Cheerleader's hunting photos spark controversy on Facebook
t Google Deal With Ray-Ban and Oakley Could (Possibly) Make Glass Cool
e Emma Stone Unafraid To Work With Woody Allen Again! Joins Joaquin Phoenix  ...
b Business Is Booming In The US
t This Developer Is Rebuilding Your Childhood Bedroom For Oculus Rift
b EUR/USD: Euro Steady As PMIs Disappoint
e Benham twins issue statement after HGTV pulls show over anti-gay controversy
m Guideline: Most can skip yearly pelvic exam
e New teaser lands for The Hunger Games: Mockingjay
t Titanfall servers crash early on launch night
e Angelina Jolie named honorary dame, but can't use the title
t 'Halo 5: Guardians' and 'Halo' TV series both announced and due next year
b Vodafone seals deal for Spanish cabler Ono
e Bryan Singer Sex Abuse Allegations To Be Included in New Documentary From  ...
e 'The Other Woman'
m Spread of Drug-resistant Malaria to Southeast Asia Borders Causes Concern
t UPDATE 2-Novartis and Google to develop 'smart' contact lens
t First look at the Fire smartphone and its… five cameras
e Amazon Tightens The Squeeze On Hachette
e 'A Hard Day's Night' is still easy to love, 50 years later
t Apple Regains Lead in Latest J.D. Power Tablet Customer Satisfaction Survey
t Sony's PS4 VR set “Project Morpheus” resolution, input and sensors specs
b Buffett says his successor should be the only one at Berkshire Hathaway to get  ...
e Madonna posts hairy armpit selfie
e He's back: Christina and Arnold Schwarzenegger
t Novartis, Google to develop 'smart' contact lens
b Delphi Probed on GMs Late Recall
m Electricity May Let Us Induce Lucid Dreams, Control Nightmares
e 'The Grand Budapest Hotel' a great film – but not for everyone
b Hong Kong Government Says City Wants Committee to Vet Leader
e Ways to celebrate Mother's Day
m Economic slowdown tied to rise in obesity in richer nations: OECD
e Prince Harry Cressida Bonas Engaged As Royal Becomes Face Of FOX Dating  ...
e AKB48: Japanese girl band members hurt in saw attack
m 'Be ready' for Ebola outbreak's spread, WHO warns West African nations
t UN Panel: Global Warming Caused by Humans
b Ranbaxy is good, cheap buy by Sun Pharma: Pfizer
t Google: The concept of Nexus 10 been cancelled altogether?
e Kim Kardashian Pregnant? Likely not, but Tells Kanye West She Wants to Adopt  ...
e Emma Watson goes punk rock in backless black gown at Noah premiere
t Google says driverless cars are mastering city streets but challenges remain
e What's eating Johnny Depp? (VIDEO)
e Taylor Swift Earned HOW Much More Than Beyonce Last Year?!
b IMF agrees $14-18 bln bailout for Ukraine
b Alibaba picks New York Stock Exchange for US IPO
e NYC mayor announces $52 million grant for community schools providing social  ...
m Tequila Plant-based Sweetener Helps Reduce Blood Sugar, Weight
e NBC Cancels 'Growing Up Fisher'
t [Update] Samsung Galaxy S5 “Prime” reportedly due this June, evidence found  ...
e Mad Men's Game-Changing Finale
t Hackers targeting newly discovered flaw in Internet Explorer
e Farley Mowat, Canadian writer and wildlife advocate, dies at 92
t KPD cracking down on distracted driving
e St. Joseph's Catholic School - ALS Ice Bucket Challenge
b US Senate confirms two more to Fed Reserve, Fischer vice chair
t LADEE Impacts Moon Surface, Mission Accomplished
t US to review pesticides' effect on bees
t Apple vs. Samsung Patent Lawsuit: Google Might Enter Patent Infringement  ...
m Study Finds Baby Gates Aren't Always Safe
b 224 Taiwanese companies in Vietnam damaged by anti-China protesters
t Apple Buys Beats for $3B, Hopes to Boost Street Cred
m Anti-diabetes efforts lead to cut in health risks
m Dolan Says "No" to Tobacco
t LG Presents the G3 Smartphone Before the Big Launch
e Miley Cyrus burgled again: thieves steal then later ditch her Maserati
b American pulls fares from Orbitz
b Utility merger: Wisconsin Energy buying Integrys for $5.7 billion
t Apple Introduces Less Expensive, Lower-Powered iMac
t You are here! Home > SCIENCE and TECHNOLOGY > A device that connects  ...
e Is Amazon Prime Music worth it?
e Sherlock Could Return for 2015 Christmas Special
b Coca-Cola touchscreen dispensers losing fizz
e Kendall Jenner Looking Stunning In Gown On Red Carpet
e Game of Thrones Wedding Pics: Death Becomes Him
e Game Of Thrones' Khal Drogo To Play Aquaman In 'Batman Vs Superman' Movie
e Shailene Woodley was self-conscious about being skinny
e Lindsay Lohan's List of A-List Lovers Exposed! Handwritten list reveals Lohan's  ...
e Kacy Catanzaro OWNS American Ninja Warrior, Becomes First Female to  ...
m Recovery: outpatient help for intertwined addiction, mental health problems
b Average US rate on 30-year mortgage falls to 4.27 pct.; 15-year loan down to  ...
b Will This Coverage Initiation Help J.P. Morgan (JPM) Stock Today? (Update)
b US consumer prices rise 0.4 percent in May, biggest increase in 15 months, with  ...
b How The New York Times lost the internet, and how it plans to win it back
b Gasoline prices looking familiar in most places
t Bachelor Party Finds Ancient Mastodon Skull in New Mexico (VIDEO)
e Kanye West makes over Kim K's family's wardrobe
e Watch Video of Michael Jackson Hologram Performing at the 2014 Billboard  ...
e Andrew Garfield stole his Spider-man costume
b Unions blast 'negative consequences' for Sweden of a Pfizer-AZ deal
b Wisconsin Energy and Integrys Plan Midwest Gas/Power Utility Combo
e A Brief History of Zara's Offensive Fashion
e George Clooney's ex Stacy Keibler moves on
e Happy, happy, joy, joy: Books, apps bubble it up
t Facebook is reportedly building a new Snapchat competitor
e City leaders look to put end to Ultra Fest after security guard trampled
t Oracle buys cloud firm Micros for $5.3bn to bolster hospitality sector expertise
t Tyrannosaurus Rex Arrives at Smithsonian
m Can being married improve your heart health?
t What Apple split means for options
m Joanne Milne, Deaf For 40 Years, Hears For The First Time! [Video]
e Chris Harrison on Nick Viall Approaching Andi — He “Really Wanted Closure”
b GM's Barra Aided by Fed Rates as Congress Blasts Recalls
t Windows XP support ends today, UK government pays for extension
e Mila Kunis Opens Up About Pregnancy + How Ashton Kutcher Is Preparing for  ...
t Amazon Read as much as you want for 999 - CBS 3 Springfield - WSHM
b Mark Carney to be quizzed by MPs over forex fixing today
b Dollar index moves higher after U.S. data
e Abortion Activist Videos Death-Mill Doctors Taking Her Pre-Born Baby
e 9/11 Memorial Museum 'awe-inspiring'
t Microsoft Spotlights Rise Of JD, Anti-Trust Probes
e Kickstarter, rappers De La Soul headline Webby Award winners
b IKEA to Raise Minimum Wage of U.S. Workers
b Allergan Files Investor Presentation Detailing Concerns About the Sustainability  ...
t CrunchWeek: The Future Of Google+ And Why RadiumOne's CEO Has To Go
e Rick Ross Debuts At #1 On Billboard 200 With Mastermind
e Gurgaon mommies deserve a day out!
m Smoking bans 'improve child health'
e Phil Collins donates Alamo artifacts to museum
b Ferrari Not for Sale, Marchionne Insists
t Bellingham gas prices continue to rise, but at a slower pace
t Xbox One June update includes external storage, smarter SmartGlass, and real  ...
e Emmy Winning Actor Meshach Taylor Dies At 67
b Carney Fuses Bank of England Departments After McKinsey Review
b The Coca-Cola Company Hits EPS Estimates, Misses on Revenues (KO)
t Tesla Chooses To Upgrade Model S With Titanium Plate Before Recall Can  ...
e Lana Del Rey sang at Kanye West and Kim Kardashian's wedding celebrations  ...
e Potato salad Kickstarter blows past $10 goal, currently over $11500
e Hollywood Boycotts Beverly Hills Hotel Over Brunei's Imposition Of Severe  ...
t Google Has Got Samsung's Back in Apple Litigation
t Graco gives in to largest infant seat recall ever
t Huge Investment from Apple for ebook Case
e Meryl & Maksim Finally Reveal If They're Having Sex — Watch
b Obama sounds the alarm on looming Highway Trust Fund shortfall
b Oracle Misses on Q3 Earnings and Revs
t Healthcare.gov users told to change passwords following Heartbleed flaw
e Movie Review: 'Heaven Is for Real' heartfelt but dull
b US jobless claims at seven-year low, signal firming economy
t Get ready for new Facebook privacy freakout: 'Nearby Friends'
t Motorola Moto 360 to feature sapphire glass and wireless charging
b Piketty's 'Capital in the 21st Century' hits #1 on Amazon
m FDA approves inhaled insulin
e Taylor Swift knew Thailand was trouble before she walked in
b Airlines struggling to break even will make 'less than £4 profit per passenger'
t Steve Jobs said 'No' to Apple's TV plans
t Scientists discover skull of tiny T-Rex dinosaur
e Watch The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (2014) Trailer
m New Yorkers dodge ban on big sodas as court says it overstepped bounds
m Duke researchers predict childhood obesity will cost $14 billion
b Amazon Fire Phone Hands-On: Not Convinced of Its Hotness
t In Empty Space Of A Name Not Added, Climate Report Reveals Discord
t The $3.2B Apple-Beats rumor: What the analysts are saying
e Bieber facing bigger damages claim
b Judge extends Mt. Gox bankruptcy investigation deadline
m Watching TV for Extended Periods Increases Risk of Mortality
b Uber vs. taxis
m Can Gin-Soaked Raisins Relieve Arthritis? (Video)
t Beachgoers save baby dolphin
m Michelle Obama Moves to Quell School Lunch Revolt
e Sanrio's Shocking Reveal: Hello Kitty Is NOT A Cat
b Single-payer proponents take to the Hill
e Watch 'SNL' Joke About Jay Z, Beyonce and Solange Incident [VIDEO]
e Lana Del Rey Performs 'Ultraviolence' For The First Time At Vancouver Show
b Last Minute Dash: When, Where & How To File Those Last Minute Tax Returns
e Miley Cyrus posts topless selfie (again)
t Google statistics show Silicon Valley has a diversity problem
t Destiny time-lapse: world in motion
e Nicola Peltz: Exploring make-up is fun
b Obamacare enrollment whiz predicts signups will hit 6.2M
b UK markets scramble to price in 2014 rate rise after Carney warning June 13  ...
e Zac Efron Looks Forward to a 'High School Musical' Reunion Movie
t Komodo dragons have returned to the Bronx Zoo
b Ford (F) Q1 profits tank 39% in face of weak North American revenue
t This is what happens when you pester your friends for their relationship status  ...
b SanDisk Is Buying Fusion-io For $1.1 Billion
t Nokia Lumia 730 Release Date Pegged For August
e Film questions artificial intelligence
b Big Merger Talk, Jim Cramer's Energy Pick
b Argentina On Brink Of Default After Judge Blocks Payments
t Google Glass announces partnership with Luxottica
b Greece: Strong Demand For First Bond in 4 Years
e Watch Anne Hathaway, Kristen Stewart, and Brie Larson Rock Out and Break  ...
b FX round-up: Trepidation ahead of Yellen speech
t Marvell to Hitch Apple's Smart Home Ride
t GM details in-vehicle 4G LTE pricing and availability
b Kerry Seeking To 'Reset US Relationship With India'
t Heartbleed Bug: Here Are The Passwords You Need To Change Right Now
b ECB chief notes risk of low eurozone inflation
b West's Putin Anger - the Case for a Strong Russia
b When Will The Federal Reserve Raise Interest Rates?
b BlackBerry gains access to Amazon's 240000 apps
b Satellites join search for missing plane
t Apple, Google declare truce on patent suits
t VIDEO: Microsoft Announces The Surface Pro 3
b Euro-Zone Jobless Rate Stays High
t Video game giant sues virtual reality maker Oculus
b Anti-China riots: Over 3000 Chinese nationals evacuated from Vietnam
b International markets roundup
t Gas Prices May Reach $3.75 This Spring
m FEDS PROPOSE FIRST REGULATIONS FOR E-CIGARETTES
e 11 Snakes Disappointed in Nicki Minaj's Anaconda-Less VMA Performance
e Beyoncé cover girl of Time's 'most influential' edition
b Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba set for world's biggest float
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West to marry today in Italy
t Apple and Google declare patent truce, will dismiss all current lawsuits
m HEALTH CARE: Kaiser pharmacists could strike
e RIP legendary actor Mickey Rooney (1920-2014)
t Aereo On Last Leg Following Supreme Court Ruling
m Painkiller prescriptions highly varied from state to state
b American Express Co. (AXP) Tops Q1 EPS by 4c
b Twitter hits 255M monthly active users, with 78 per cent of them on mobile in Q1
b The US Should Be Dissatisfied With The Anti-China Solar Subsidy Tariffs
t Celestial spectacle: Mars to swing closer to earth this week
b FOREX-Euro struggles after ECB officials reopen easing debate; yen firmer
t Rumor: Nuance Exploring Sale to Samsung
t For April Fools,Pokemon augmented reality game releaseed by Google
b Family Dollar to Close Stores, Cut Jobs
e Lindsay Lohan suing over GTA V likeness
e 'Animal Kingdom' Helmer David Michod to Direct Brad Pitt in 'The Operators'
b Elizabeth Arden shares slump 16% as loss widens
b The Tea Party Is Trying To Kill The Export-Import Bank — And Rick Perry Is  ...
e 'Lost River': Cannes Review
m Hepatitis A Scare At Missouri Restaurant: Contagious Worker At Red Robin May  ...
t Intel Unveils Chromebooks Based on Latest Laptop Chips
e Paul Walker's Younger Brothers To Finish His Scenes In 'Fast & Furious 7′
m Health Data Geeks Get Their Day
m School suspends girl who shaved head to support cancer-stricken friend
e Woman Who Collapsed at Coachella Last Week Dies
m Improved TB care 'crucial' across Europe
t Galaxy S5 Google Play Edition Appears On Android Website
b FedEx charged with trafficking drugs for online pharmacies
e Cats to add “rapping street cat” to win back hip-hop fans
e Godzilla roars to monstrous $196m global opening
e The method to Gaga's madness
b Rolls surges on £1bn buyback
e Cinco De Mayo Celebration Brings Good Food, Music, to Rockford's South Side
b PHL is 28th largest economy
e Jennifer Lawrence starts the rebellion in The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part One
e Lifetime plans Whitney Houston-Bobby Brown film
b Michael Lewis: 'United States stock market is rigged'
t Scams expected to hit customers hard after eBay data breach
t Anzu wyliei: a new dinosaur discovered
t Buckle up or pay up!
b Egypt raises electricity prices: minister
e Michael Jackson fifth death anniversary: Most downloaded songs since we lost  ...
t Google's new Intel Chromebooks: Devices from Dell, HP, Lenovo, Asus, LG  ...
m Anxiety And MRIs May Be Driving The Rise In Double Mastectomies
t Microsoft releases Siri-like tool in China
e LISTEN: You Won't Be Able to Get Ariana Grande's New Single "Break Free" Out  ...
e LiLo posts selfie in sexy nude dress on Instagram
b Top Analysts Action: BA, CIEN, FB, GT, HAL
e For the man who has everything! Kim Kardashian 'bought Kanye West $20  ...
t Review: Windows Phone shows promise, benefit of learning from iOS, Android
t OnePlus unveils One smartphone which reminds us to “Never Settle”
e Brian May Reveals New Queen Album Title, Release Plans
m Melanoma cases are on the rise in Canada
e Miley Cyrus Already Has A New Dog, But Isn't Ready To Love It Yet Despite Its  ...
t Administration Climate Change Report Calls for Action
b Global Oil Prices Pressured as Geopolitical Concerns Ease
e Through the Years: A Look Back at Kris Jenner's Career Evolution
e 'Ours Was Very Sweet And Innocent!' Shailene Woodley Loses Out On Best Kiss  ...
t Indiana 911 texting service launches for Verizon customers
e 'Game of Thrones' Recap: 'Oathkeeper' Proves We Need to Be Paying More  ...
b Gold price moves higher on US interest rate outlook
m 'Heart Healthy'? Maybe Not: Study Says 'Healthy'Food Labels Mislead Consumers
t Facebook's Slingshot App Is Snapchat — With a Catch
e Michael Jackson's Moonwalk Guest Stars at the Billboard Awards
m Second language can keep mind sharp
t Dragons Return to the Bronx Zoo (Video)
b China doubles yuan band
e CANNES+WATCH%3A+Uma+Thurman+wows%3B+designers+pop+up
b Hillary Clinton creates mega-buzz with “Hard Choices”
m Eczema may reduce your skin cancer risk
b Home starts up 2.8% in March, builder confidence up slightly
t Solutions: Best touchpad to buy
b Turkey blocks Twitter after PM's threat to 'wipe out' service
t Twitter Announces Profile Redesign
b JC Penney Turnaround Finally Takes Hold
b Salesforce.com loss widens but outlook lifts stock
t Austin readies for MotoGP
t Apple set to announce iWatch, along with iPhone 6 in September
e Gwyneth Paltrow, Chris Martin selling London house?
e Selena Gomez Meets Up With Justin Bieber Day Before 'Proposal' Reveal [Video]
t Regulator investigates Chrysler over ignition switches
b New Jersey Herald - Ackman wins a round as FTC starts Herbalife probe
t Android Wear - Google's Vision of a Smartwatch That Fits Into Our Lives
t March 19, 2014 in Gaming & Tech // Google Announces 'Android Wear' Preview.
b China seizes Japanese cargo ship over pre-war debt
t Facebook unveils a change to step up privacy for new users
e Gregg Allman Misses Allman Brothers Band Show
t Nintendo's Quarterly Financial Results Revealed
e New Captain America will be African American
b Business Highlights
b Google ousts Apple as world's most valuable brand
t Apple Rumored to Unveil 'Smart Home' System at WWDC
b Army of long-term jobless dwindles as US hiring quickens
t Google swamped by takedown requests after court ruling
e Nirvana leads '14 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame class
b An insider's look into Alibaba and its quirky founder
b Chrysler posts $690 million loss on Fiat merger charges
m Diabetes-Related Problems Drop Over Last 2 Decades
t Microsoft to Turn Off Xbox TV, Spielberg Okay With ThatDaily Edition
t Google+ chief Vic Gundotra leaving company
e One Direction's Zayn and Louis smoke marijuana in leaked video
m With pot and e-cigarettes, Big Tobacco is just waiting to inhale emerging markets
e Ray J Reportedly Giving Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Profits Of Sex Tape As  ...
e Cressida plays the punk princess with sparkly Converse
e One Cent Stamp Makes Two Letter .coms look cheap
b Savannah area experienced surge in Obamacare applications
e Mark Wahlberg: 'Transformers' actor goes from teddy bears to Autobots
t Google Chromecast speculated to be coming to UK very soon
b Brent Crude Rises Near Nine-Month High On Increased Tensions In Iraq And  ...
t Xbox One July Software Update Detailed by Microsoft's Major Nelson
b JPMorgan's first-quarter profit falls 20 percent
t Midlands weather looking bad for lunar eclipse viewing
b US stocks settle lower
e Demi Lovato & Selena Gomez, Cheryl Cole and Kendall & Kylie Jenner land in  ...
m MERS virus spreads in the US
e Channing Tatum as Gambit: X-Men Producers Looking to Replace the  ...
e Pat Sajak, Twitter trolling and the great game-show myth
e Lyric changes during Beyoncé concert reignite Jay Z cheating rumors
e Beyonce on Time's '100 Most Influential People' cover (Photo)
t Intel buys maker of the Basis Band, promises smarter wearables
b National rivalries hamper search for missing Malaysian plane
t Google Glass Now Shipping With 2GB RAM, All Sorts of New Apps Announced
e Autopsy of Mick Jagger's girlfriend L'Wren Scott confirms suicide
b GM recalls another 3 million vehicles for ignition switch defects; model years  ...
e 14-Year-Old Girl Arrested After Joke Tweet To Airline
b Fiat Chrysler sees net profit rising fivefold by 2018
b Authorities Cite Approach 'Mismanagement' in Asiana Crash
e Robert Downey Jr.'s son Indio, 20, arrested in California on suspicion of drug  ...
b Fiat Chrysler vows to put Jeep back on top
m Cereal May Not Be a Healthy Choice If You're Pregnant
m Australian Study Finds That Children Of Same-Sex Parents Score Higher Than  ...
m Fears grow over Ebola spread
t AMD acquires architectural license from ARM; talks about Project SkyBridge, 64  ...
t Apple's magic decade, IBM and Sony
b Study: 35% in US facing debt collectors
t Half Life 2 and Portal get ported to Android, but only for NVIDIA Shield
e Bjork's Career Honored With 'Experimental' MoMA Retrospective
b Malaysia plane crashes on Ukraine-Russia border: smoke rises from scene of  ...
t Microsoft to manage nokia.com and social sites for up to a year
b Toyota's not leaving California because they want to spend their summers in Texas
e Bachelorette Episode 8: Chris Harrison on a “Raw and Emotional” Goodbye to  ...
b Japan approves new arms export rules
b Valero Falls Along With Other Refiners On Expectations Of Squeezing Profit  ...
b Crude Oil and Gold Aiming Higher As Conflict In Iraq Intensifies
t Charter tries to stop Time Warner Cable-Comcast merger
e As North West turns 1, a look at how fatherhood has changed Kanye West
b Blackberry suffers R4.5bn loss
b Treasury Bonds Start June on Down Note
t Ubisoft Launches 'Watch Dogs' Companion App/Game 'ctOS Mobile'
e A Special Easter
t Google Is Making It Easier for Developers to Build Android Wearables
e Game Of Thrones: Kit Harington Is Contractually Obligated Not To Cut His Hair
t Snapchat Settles With FTC After Being Dishonest With Users About Privacy
e 'The Voice' 2014 finale song spoilers: Who's singing what?
e Oprah Winfrey Surprises Barbara Walters on Final 'View'
e Pink Floyd to release new album this year, says David Gilmour's wife
e McCartney fan proposes marriage at concert with a little help from a Beatle
e Beyonce Loses Her Ring at Met Ball 2014, So Jay Z Finds It & Gives Her a Mock  ...
e Angelina Jolie, Brad Pitt Do Not Want Their Kids to Be Actors But Commend  ...
e 'Lindsay': the next step is just showing up
b China manufacturing growth pick up in June: govt
e Eminem & Rihanna Announce "The Monster" Tour Dates, "MMLP2" Goes  ...
b Exelon Turns To Profit In Q1; To Buy Pepco Holdings In Around $6.8 Bln Deal
b Latest Pound to Euro Exchange Rate - Will GBP EUR Rate Surpass 1.27 Levels  ...
b UPDATE 1-ASML sees slower Q2 sales, revises first-half outlook
t New Canaan gas nearly 25¢ more than state average
t MOTOGP: Marquez seeks more glory
e Fox Scraps DADS, ENLISTED and SURVIVING JACK
e Justin Selena Caught Kissing and Making Out: Top Few Reasons 'Jelena' is  ...
b Detroit museum says it has about 80 percent of $100 million pledged for city  ...
b Planting Progress Slower Than Trade Expected
e Matthew McConughey Catches An Ice Cold Beer From New Neighbour Brad Pitt  ...
e Taylor Swift tops Billboard Magazine's 2014 'Rich List'
m FAA controllers' schedules exhausting
t Fury at 'creepy' network study
b Today's Gold price per ounce and Silver price per ounce Spot gold per gram and  ...
b Posted by Imaduddin
b Williams (WMB) to Acquire Global Infrastructure's Access Midstream (ACMP  ...
e Self Imposed Slavery
t Instagram Now Boasts 200 Million Active Users
t Trend Micro extends mobile security portfolio
m Kids Prescribed Codeine Despite Risks, Guidelines
e Lindsay Lohan Thinks Her Manager Cost Her A Role In The Avengers
e Circus acrobat wants to return to ring after fall
e Record Store Day celebrates indie disc retailers
e 17-Year-Old Girl Allegedly Raped At Keith Urban Concert
e Kurt Cobain Documentary To Air This Weekend (A Top Story)
b The lesson from Dov Charney: rudeness in business never pays
b Iowa Jobless Rate Rises To 4.5 Percent
t Sprint Announces G2 KitKat OTA Update (Version ZVB), LG Shares Open  ...
m Saudi reports five new MERS deaths
t Apple Cuts MacBook Air Price - Upgrades Processor
e Crazy in tour? Beyonce and Jay-Z announce concert dates together
e PHOTO: Chicago Restaurant Offers $100 Grilled Cheese for Grilled Cheese Month
t Samsung Makes Push Into High-End Tablet Market
e A watershed moment
m Mosquito tests underway statewide
t Google announces smart contact lens partner
t Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) news: Microsoft: How Long Is It Going To Reach  ...
e 'Game of Thrones' recap: Lannister family saga takes a violent turn
e Tyler the Creator arrested over SXSW riot
e Behind The Scenes Of Jay Z, Beyonce's “On The Run Tour”
e Jennette McCurdy skips the Kids' Choice Awards & tweets why
b Consumer spending, personal income up in Feb.
t Reuters: 4.7-inch iPhone 6 On Schedule, 5.5-inch iPhone Pro Could Face Delays
b AUD/USD: Aussie Gains on Strong Chinese Manufacturing PMI
b South East Asia faces renewed unity test as tensions spike
b Our Tactical Currency View
t DMV refused license to teen until he removed makeup
b Rampell: Safe as houses? Think again.
b Florida housing sales, prices rise slightly in April over last year
t F: Ford to Invest $500M, Add 300 Jobs in Ohio
e Bieber apologises for telling racist joke as teenager
t Sense on the new HTC One (M8): what's changed?
e Review: The Fault in Our Stars
m Sexting linked to risky sexual behaviour among kids
m AOL.com Article - Money is even dirtier than you think
b Tesla Plans to Start Building Its Gigafactory Next Month
e Andi Dorfman: 5 Surprising Revelations About the Bachelorette 2014
e Mark Ruffalo Teases Hulk Romance in 'Avengers: Age of Ultron'
m Cruise Ship with Dozens of Sick Passengers Docks Here
b US Home Sales Uptick 4.9 Percent in May, Beats Wall Street's Expectations
e Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez Dirty Danced and Now I'm Depressed
t Samsung mislead everyone about Galaxy Tab sales figures
e Beyonce + Jay Z tour to hit Bay Area in August (w/video)
t Honda, others recall another 2.9 mn vehicles over air bag flaw
t Cosmos- A Spacetime Odyssey --Tonight in 'Rivers of Life' Neil deGrasse  ...
b Family Dollar Store Closings in 370 Locations To Save $40M
m Paying more makes food taste better
t Disney is early user of Microsoft's new Kinect sensor
e 'Normal Heart' revisits mid-'80s AIDS epidemic
m Baby Gorillas Are Just Like Us, Kind Of
b Shares of camera maker GoPro surge in IPO
b European Factors to Watch-Shares set to extend rally to seven days
b What You Farm Affects Your Thinking, Study Says
t Ohio Gas Prices Up to Start Work Week
m Around 100 Women Undergoing Unnecessary Mastectomies Every Year: Study
e Man stuck in empty Las Vegas airport makes epic music video
e Jessie J, Ariana Grande, And Nicki Minaj Teaming Up For New Single
b On Red Lobster and the Slow Death of Casual Dining
b Amazon.com lets customers shop with Twitter hashtags
t Ford recalls 692K vehicles
b Wholesale Prices in US Unexpectedly Decreased in May (2)
e Rap star Chris Brown to go on trial Monday
b Democratic Wave in Hong Kong
m Missoula e-cigarette users, health experts sound off on growing trend
m Reno in top half of cities on 'well being' index
e A Final, And Rather Different, Theatrical Trailer For X-Men: Days Of Future Past
e Nicolas Cage Dishes On His Tortured Character In 'Joe': Watch
b Officials: 500 barrels of nuke waste packed with suspect kitty litter
b Wholesale Price Declines Suggest Slower Economy
b NTSB faults pilot 'mismanagment' in Asiana flight - WAFB 9 News Baton Rouge  ...
b Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc. Completes $43 Million Recipe Purchase and  ...
e Rihanna Tweets, Deletes and Denies #FreePalestine Post
b US Fed may hike rates sooner than expected
e Fast & Furious 7 production now continues with Paul Walker's brothers
b What Treasury Auctions Could Mean For Stocks
b Transcanada says Apache plan to sell Kitimat interest was no surprise
m U.S. FDA approves 'Star Wars' robotic arm for amputees
t OkCupid urges boycott of Mozilla, cites CEO's gay marriage views
e Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) is bringing back 'The Magic School Bus'
t Hot car models at this year's New York Auto Show
b White House downplays role of natural gas policy in Ukraine crisis
b US economic growth forecast cut by IMF
b Euro Mixed After ECB Interest Rate Announcement
e No, Avril Lavigne's "Hello Kitty" Video Did Not Get Pulled From YouTube
b Nigeria's GDP For 2013 Is $510 Billion
m Will your kid become binge drinker?
b Waste water, and you could flush $500 down the tubes as well
e Schumer: More to be done to keep tired truckers off roads
t Does 'Watch Dogs' Live Up to the Hype?
b OECD projects India's growth rate at 4.9%
m 'Being pregnant significantly increases a woman driver's chances of having a  ...
e Shailene Woodley Got Cut; Loses Her Role as Mary Jane in 'The Amazing  ...
t WhatsApp and Facebook's Deal confirmed by FTC
m Ebola still spreading in West Africa
b WWE Money In The Bank Results Predictions
e Marvel Pinball goes free to mark new Guardians of the Galaxy table
b Winner of $18M bitcoin auction
b Buba's Weidmann: QE not ruled out completely
e SXSW wraps up with new paradigm
b NTSB: Asiana plane crash in San Francisco was due to pilot mismanagement
m MERS cases top 400, more than 100 dead in S. Arabia
b US stocks turn lower, erasing an early gain; Whole Foods plunges after cutting  ...
e Kim Kardashian And Kanye West In Wedding Crisis: Couple Forced To Abandon  ...
e Store Says 'Nazi Camp' T-Shirt for Kids Was an Honest Mistake
t Plenty of speculation about Google's first store
e Robert Downey Jr. Hosted A Captain America 2 Screening Party With A Bunch  ...
b Businesses promised lower taxes on investment
b Time Warner Q1 Adj. EPS Tops Street; Revises Annual Outlook - Quick Facts
e Kim Kardashian's Wedding Dress Designers Revealed
e Robert Downey Jr. Responds To Son's Arrest
b Low Interest Rates Help Boost June Auto Sales
b Amazon buys digital comic book purveyor comiXology
t Heartbleed threatens mobile users
t The First Lifeform Capable Of Passing Down A Juiced-Up Version Of DNA
b Stevia-Sweetened Coke Life to Make US Launch
t Twitter Share Price Soars As Popularity Grows
m How to deal with spring allergies
t NASA Scrubs Climate Satellite Launch
e How to Train Your Dragon 2 stays grounded when it needs to
e Charlize steals limelight at Dior show
t After All This Time, Apples IPad Is Still The Most Beloved Tablet
e HBO Joins Forces JK Rowling For TV Miniseries Of The Casual Vacancy
b Why Ford (F) Stock Is Down In Pre-Market Trade
e Pamela Anderson says animals helped her survive after suffering years of  ...
e Eminem releases new video on Mother's Day
m State Representative to head HIV advocacy group
t Limbaugh: Mozilla CEO fired due to left's success 'equating opposition to them  ...
e Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert battle to be world's biggest Star Wars fan
e 10 Things to Know for Today
t Will Google make wearables work?
e Mick Jagger sings Bob Dylan song at L'Wren Scott memorial service
e Scout Willis walks topless in NYC in Instagram nudity protest
t Oculus Rift pre-orders stopped in China due to "extreme reseller purchases"
t World Wide Web's Silver anniversary
b Scaife has untreatable cancer, billionaire publisher reveals diagnosis in his  ...
b Flight MH370: Hunt for missing jet resumes in calmer seas
e 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' Opens Strong in India
m Autism rate among US kids is higher than thought, CDC finds
m CDC: Autism rate increases 30 percent between 2008 and 2010
b Women Trapped in Bangladesh Collapse Plead for Promised Cash
e Review: 'Planes: Fire and Rescue' Has No Real Characters or Story
e Megan Fox Flaunts Sexy Bikini For 'Cosmopolitan' Magazine! [Photos]: Reveals  ...
t AOL reports 'significant' security breach of user passwords, address books
b Dubai reveal plans to build world`s largest shopping mall
e TV's 'Outlander' romantic, rich and raw
b Ukrainian Pres: We didn't shoot down Flight 17
e Stephen Colbert Pokes Fun at "Late Show" Gig: "I Do Not Envy Whoever They  ...
b Alt-Energy Shines on Emerging Market Demand - Industry Outlook
e Marvel Announces 'THOR' is now a Woman
t Review: The LG G Watch and an introduction to Android Wear
b Suspicions grow about missing Malaysian jetliner's pilots
t GM preparing to recall 33000 Chevy Cruze compacts
e HGTV Reportedly Cancels Upcoming Real Estate Show After Group Accuses  ...
e Jagger spent 'millions' helping Scott
b GM CEO issues massive recall of small cars over faulty ignition concerns
t Why Would Apple Buy Beats Electronics?
t tvtype: Fox station cuts out evolution portion of 'Cosmos' series
t Navy develops secure e-reader called NeRD you can't add ebooks to
b US: Wall St edges up on Intel but posts weekly loss
t Opinion: Facebook relationship 'ask' button is tacky, awkward
m Canadian Stricken With Unknown Virus
b Bill would allow Tesla to skip Arizona dealers
b Democratic National Committee Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz Says It's Time  ...
e Pixar Announces Plans For 'Cars 3' And 'The Incredibles 2'
m 2nd case of MERS from Mideast reported in Orlando
e 'Aladdin': Theater review
b Ukrainian government vows more military action against separatists
e Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) Pens Multi-Year Deal With HBO, Will Bring  ...
b President Obama nominates former P&G exec to lead Veterans Affairs
m Ebola-linked deaths in West Africa top 100
t Next Samsung Gear smartwatch to launch as 'Gear Solo' with embedded SIM
e 36 People Were Rushed To Local Hospitals During Avicii's Show in Boston Last  ...
t Obama 'Bows' To Japanese Robot, US Right Wing Appears To Be Furious For  ...
m Comment: Global Ebola threat demands a global solution
t ICANN debate: Team Obama must reverse decision on Internet control
b US indicts five Chinese military officials on cyberspying charges
m Bugs eat woman's eyes after she failed to remove her contact lenses for months
e Mom: 3-year-old forced to urinate in seat on plane
t Amazon is working on an ad-supported video service for those who don't want  ...
e One Direction 'joint' video: has boyband wrecked its appeal?
t A Verizon Employee Is Going to Jail for Stealing Over 900 Phones
b General Motors makes 2 more vehicle recalls, total reaches 4.8 million in a month
e Dancing with the Stars Recap: Monday, April 21, 2014
e 'Girls Gone Wild' founder booked on assault charge
e Rapper Snoop Dogg's uncle dies
e Lorde to curate Hunger Games soundtrack
m Fear and Panic as Death Toll Rises in Deadly Ebola Outbreak in West Africa
t Smartwatch Deals on Amazon - Get Lower Prices on Sony SmartWatch 2  ...
e Watch: Clint Eastwood's 'Jersey Boys' Croon Their Way Through First Trailer
m Sun Exposure: Good or Bad?
b Janet Yellen says rules might need to be strengthened further to bolster largest  ...
t Apple Inc. (AAPL) Sues Samsung For $2 Billion, Google (GOOG) Is Unnamed  ...
b 5 Things to Watch When the Fed's Open Market Committee Meets Tuesday
e Larry Kramer tutors Mark Ruffalo for 'Normal Heart' role
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West already married?
e Bailing on TV shows
e Jones brings 'women's Western' with Swank, Streep to Cannes
m End-of-Life Doc Payment Plan Returns to the Fray
t Apple and IBM Kickstart Contextual Enterprise Mobility
b Allergan rebuffed in seeking offers to combat Valeant bid-report
e Hot Clip: Jon Stewart & Stephen Colbert Get Silly For 'Star Wars'
e Why 'Apes' won't be enough to turn around the summer box office
e 22 Jump Street Review: Just Do The Same Thing!
m PAKISTAN'S POLIO OUTBREAK THREATENS NEIGHBORS
e GLEE's Dot-Marie Jones Remembers Cory Monteith
b India's demands block $1 trln WTO deal on customs rules
b Tax Day Approaches Tuesday, April 15th
e Arnold Schwarzenegger to play ageing robot
e 'Game of Thrones': It's Father's Day, Lannister style
e Liza Minnelli's rep sends Shia LaBeouf DVD of 'Cabaret' 'to find out how it ends'
t 2014 New York Auto Show: 2015 Chevrolet Corvette Z06 Convertible (FAQ)
e Justin Bieber Strips Down To His Calvin Kleins In New Instagram Shots
b Vatican bank reform moves to eradicate money-laundering
e 'SNL': Charlize Theron, Andy Samberg to host final eps of the season
b World Week Ahead: Dark clouds over China
e Levi's CEO: Don't wash your jeans, spot clean instead; vinegar, alcohol can  ...
b First quarter GDP plunged 2.9 percent
e Zac Efron fell off the wagon, say friends
b Fed's Yellen Signals Continued Support for Low Rates
e Miley Cyrus cancels Charlotte show; Raleigh concert will go on
e Lena Dunham's 2014 Emmy Awards Outfit Will Make You Hungry For Cotton  ...
b Europe shares close mixed; Italian banks rally
e Majesty Rose Eliminated on American Idol
e Miranda Lambert's Billboard Awards: Flaunts…
b US OPENING NEWS INCLUDING: European equities are seen higher across  ...
t There's one huge problem with T-Mobile's latest 'Uncarrier' move
t Facebook Adds 'Nearby Friends' To Let You Know Where The Party's At
t Mysterious 'magic island' unveiled as Saturn's moon warms
t Volvo, Audi to launch Android Auto-enabled cars this year
b Alcatel Focused On Revamp, CEO Says Of Nokia Tie-up Talk
e Robert De Niro halts movie shoot to watch US team's World Cup clash
e Peggy Olson's Style Evolution: 'Mad Men' Character Has Come A Long Way  ...
e Florence Henderson, Marie Osmond & More React to News of Ann B. Davis  ...
t Researchers crack iPad PINs by tracking the fingers that enter them
t Spacecraft carrying 3-man crew docks at ISS
b Germany's Bayer to buy Merck unit for US$14.2 bil.
t Why the “everybody does it” defense of Facebook's emotional manipulation  ...
b Hedge fund to pay $2.2m fine for whistle-blower's demotion
e Kebbell linked to Fantastic Four role
b S. Korea's top chat app, online portal to merge
t Warm and Wet Weather Supported Rise of Genghis Khan's Empire
e Rolf Harris tributes 'could be removed' in Australia
m Review: Millions of dollars wasted on flu drug Tamiflu
e Kurt Cobain's daughter Frances slams Lana Del Rey for romanticizing 'the death  ...
t Amazon, Netflix, Twitter Urge FCC to Preserve Open Internet
b Gilead Blows Out First Quarter
b Nuveen Junk Bonds Get A Big Boost
e Oprah helps Barbara Walters say farewell
e High Court To Hear Dispute About TV Over Internet
b Chinese Billionaire Chen Guangbiao Criticized For Homeless Publicity Stunt  ...
b US stocks are little changed as investors worry about slowing China growth  ...
b Cement majors Lafarge and Holcim announce 'merger of equals' plan to become  ...
b Dollar adds to monthly gain on strong US labour market data
m FDA clears device that lets paraplegics walk again
t Apple pledges to restore order to its oversized App Store
b BlackBerry reports loss, revenue falls below $1 billion
e 'Wish I Was Here' should have wished for insight
e Nadine Gordimer, South African Nobel-winning writer, dies at 90
m Trials for Heart Drug Boosts Novartis
e Jason Momoa To Play Aquaman In 'Batman V Superman: Dawn Of Justice  ...
m Family Petitions For Unapproved Drug To Save Son
e HBO GO crumbles under the pressure of Game of Thrones demand
b New-home sales rebound, up 6.4 perecnt
t The Week Ahead: Senate to Focus on EPA Budget, House on Science Budget
e Love it or hate it? How I Met Your Mother finalé finally answers the question
b The Press Roundup
t First impressions: Samsung Galaxy S5
m Liberia shuts schools as Ebola spreads, US Peace Corps leaves West Africa
e The Associated Press
b Rupert Murdoch Plans $14 Billion Deal to Merge European Pay TV Units
e Cheap checklist: Ben & Jerry's Free Cone Day, free coffee and more free stuff
t Major Smartphone Companies Agree On 'Kill Switch' To Fight Theft
m Drinking wine at 14 can mean binge drinking at 16
e The Record: Back to fair
t Earth's twin? Kepler telescope discovers most Earth-like planet yet
m Study: Boning Someone You Met Through a Sex App May Increase STI Risk
b Federal Reserve Could Shock Us All
m Taking Mr. Awesome on adventures
e 'Scandal' actor Columbus Short charged with felony
b HP shares slide after early earnings release
e Robert Pattinson: Han Solo In 'Star Wars?'
b Philips and Salesforce.com Join Forces for TeleHealth Platform
m Mom uses body as 'speed bump' to stop unmanned car with daughters inside
t Galaxy S5 Tips, Tricks and Secret Features
e Game of Thrones season 4 The Lion and the Rose preview
t iOS 8 vs iOS 7
b Tale of two IPOs: Beauty and the Beast
t Car maker Ford to offer 50th anniversary Mustang
e Elvis, Hendrix, Tupac, Jerry, Zappa: 5 musicians more prolific in death
b Target reports earnings hit — but with some bright spots (Video)
b Airbnb prepares for check-in at Silicon Valley's $10bn club
m Foster Farms recalls chicken over salmonella fears; Colorado affected
e Seeking the living among the dead at SXSW
b Wall Street firms as Internet shares lead charge
b Citibank, Citizens Mortgage Interest Rates Apr 17
b Tokyo issues open lower on stronger yen
b Consumer prices rise as Americans pay more for food, rents
b Johnson & Johnson earnings jump, beat Street
e Scandal Star Columbus Short Threatened To Murder Wife Tuere Short And Then  ...
b Intel Corporation Q1 14 Earnings Conference Call At 5:00 PM ET
t NASA's crashes LADEE spaceship on the Moon, researching for possible lunar  ...
e As injured security guard improves, Miami taking hard look at Ultra's benefits
t Galaxy S5 sales lag behind the iPhone 5S and iPhone 5C in the UK
e Jeezy Arrested For Assault Rifle Found On Tour Bus, $1 Million Bail
e “Bachelor” Juan Pablo Finally Breaks His Silence
e North Korea calls Australia...
e Daybreak: Chris Martin on The Voice USA after 'conscious uncoupling'
t Congress's head-in-the-sand approach to climate change
e Video: 'Amazing' Brady Bunch Actress Dies Aged 88
b OECD raises UK economic growth forecast to 3.2% but warns soaring house  ...
t Microsoft to woo China after Windows 8 ban
e 'Tonight Show' favorite David Brenner dies at age 78
t Would a T-Mobile-Sprint Merger Increase Wireless Competition?
e Thousands celebrate Easter in Jerusalem
e Handle with care: How to stay safe this Fourth of July
m I Got It! Little boy takes first steps with his prosthetics
e US Airways Apologized for Explicit Tweet
e What Sarah Palin just said about 'The View' that's making liberals go nuts
e MUST SEE! Brian Williams Raps Snoop Dogg's 'Gin an Juice'
t Intel, Google, others ante up $3 million to thwart next Heartbleed security disaster
t NASA Announces Mars 2020 Rover Payload
t President Obama's biased stance on exploiting online security bugs
m Johnson & Johnson calls for worldwide withdrawal of devices triggering cancer
e Kim Kardashian to relaunch pop career with the help of Kanye West
b Amazon 'not optimistic' about quick Hachette resolution
b US markets fall for a second day
m Medical Marijuana Could Help Treat Some MS Symptoms
b The Obama administration continues its push to reduce US greenhouse gas  ...
b Private Companies Report Strong April Hiring
b Insight - Compensation battle rages four years after BP's US oil spill
t LG G3: A simple smart phone that will blow your mind
e Dancing With the Stars: Top 5 Dances – 18×10 (Season Finale, Night 1)
t Google Android software spreading to cars, watches, TV
t GM sales rise 1 percent despite safety recalls
t Oculus VR Sued Over Virtual-Reality Goggle Trade Secrets
t AMD Skybridge Will Bring ARM To Desktops And Servers
t Elon Musk's Tesla Motors goes patent-free
e Rihanna stirs up controversy with '#FreePalestine' tweet
e Kate Winslet shows incredible post-pregnancy figure at Divergent premiere
e 'HIMYM' series finale: Previews of 'How I Met Your Mother' share spoilers
e COPY-Man makes music vid 'All By Myself' while stuck at Vegas airport
e Alien Cast to appear in Alien: Isolation DLC
t Deposed strongman Noriega sues over 'Call of Duty: Black Ops II'
b Glowpoint Added to Russell Microcap Index
t Netflix (NFLX) CEO Calls For Strong Net Neutrality
e 'Fresh Air' Remembers South African Writer Nadine Gordimer
t Ancient soil provides clue to Greenland's green past
t Install Android v4.4.2 KitKat Resurrection Remix Custom ROM for Samsung  ...
b Oil slips on weak China trade data
t Facebook rolls out location-sharing 'Nearby Friends' feature
e North Korea promises war if 'the interview' starring James Franco is released
e Wally Pfister and Johnny Depp reunite for sci-fi mystery Transcendence
t Microsoft Web Browser Security Bug Could Impact Millions of Users
t Spike soon? West Michigan-area gas prices tumble 20 cents from last week
t Eta Aquarids closes in on peak May 6, to light up sky
m Pak: Polio centres now at airports
e Miley Cyrus Pushes Back Remainder of US 'Bangerz' Tour Stops to August as  ...
e Casey Kasem, legendary radio personality, dies at 82
b Administration may extend Obamacare enrollment deadline for some
e LIVE's Michael Strahan to Join ABC's GOOD MORNING AMERICA
e Zendaya on Exiting Lifetime's Aaliyah Movie: It 'Wasn't All the Way There'
e James Beard announces restaurant and chef award winners
m Columbia health center receives $250000 from Obama administration
e Meryl Davis and Val Chmerkovskiy – Argentine Tango – Dancing with the Stars  ...
e The 'Horrible Bosses 2' Trailer Is Exactly as Hilarious as You Wanted It to Be  ...
t Tomorrow, NASA is launching the Orbiting Carbon Observatory 2 to solve the  ...
t Time suck for the day, Rubik's Cube Google Doodle
b Construction Spending Barely Rises as Homebuilding Tumbles
t Discovery of New Termite Genome may provide better Pest Control options
e Aronofsky's bold 'Noah' occasionally veers off course, but is never less than  ...
e Kim Kardashian introduces grandmother Mary Jo to selfies in Paris
e Sam Smith's new video!
t Google And Novartis Team Up To Create Smart Contact Lenses
b Shire, AbbVie each set out new financial targets
e James Franco Calls Times Theater Critic a 'Little Bitch' and Suggests He Work  ...
e 'Tammy' is really just sad
t Facebook receives nearly 2000 data requests from UK police
b California DMV Investigating Potential Credit Card Breach
m Decades-old smallpox samples turn up in federal lab
t URI Researcher: Deep-Sea Octopus Broods Eggs for Over Four Years--Longer  ...
e Guardians of the Galaxy Worth The Wait
e Superhero Thor recast as a woman
b Gold traders bearish?
e Peter Gabriel, Kiss, Nirvana at Rock Hall Induction Ceremony [Photos]
t Nexus 7 vs iPad Air – Battery Life, Display, Design & Prices
t Average Oklahoma Gas Price Climbs To $3.48 Per Gallon
b S&P 500 posts worst day since April; indexes down for month
b Surging Lime Prices Impact Restaurants Nationwide
m US panel says nasal spray should be 1st choice against flu for kids
m MERS virus spread in US
b U.S. Consumer Sentiment Unexpectedly Deteriorates In May
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West Land Long-Debated Vogue Cover: Go Behind the  ...
b CBS CEO Says Aereo TV is 'Theft Pure and Simple'
e Miranda Kerr hints at exploring bisexuality following split from Orlando Bloom
b Restrictions Expire On Stock Trading For Twitter Insiders, Early Backers
m Airline suspends flights amid Ebola
t Report: The Effects of Climate Change Are Occurring in Real-Time All Over the  ...
m US autism estimate shows 30 per cent increase in 2 years
t Apple and Google settle patent war on smartphone OS platforms
e 'Noah,' revival of Bible epics, finds rough seas
t Apple and Samsung head to court again
t Skylanders Trap Team Announced by Activision!
e Brady Bunch Star Ann B. Davis Passes Away
e Megan Fox Joins Instagram, Posts No-Makeup Selfie
t Samsung Envisions Open Platform for Wearables
t AAA: Gas prices up 2 cents
e Actress Drew Barrymore's half-sister, Jessica, found dead in Southern California  ...
b ODNR finds "probable connection" between fracking and earthquake - 21 News  ...
e Harrison Ford out 8 weeks due to ankle injury, Star Wars 7 filming continues
e New Teen Heroine Emerges from 'Divergent'
b Thailand gives radar data 10 days after Malaysia Airlines plane lost
b PetSmart, PetCo No Longer Selling Dog Treats from China
e Powdered Alcohol? Yes, It's On The Way
e President Obama to appear on 'Ellen' this Thursday
t Microsoft Reveals Windows Phone 8.1 at Developer Build Conference 2014  ...
e Pharell Williams Joins The Voice As Coach
t FCC Throttled By NeoCities In Net Neutrality Protest
t Don't be Fooled by Facebooks New Advertising Strategy
e Thoughtful Mother's Day Gifts That Won't Break the Bank
e Cornelius Gurlitt dies at 81; German art collector
e Welcome To The Party: Kim Kardashian Discovers “Racism And Discrimination  ...
e Kim and Kanye to marry this week
b El Paso unemployment rate grows to 8.1% in February
t Google unveils its first Android Wear wearable smartwatches
b BOJ Refrains From Extra Stimulus as Continued Recovery Seen
m Painting the town purple
t Op-Ed: Get involved in the debate on net neutrality
e Amy Adams Gives Up First-Class Seat To US Serviceman
m Your Health: Gluten-Free Recipes
e Transformers: Age Of Extinction Breaks Box Office Record With $100 Million  ...
e 'Echo' needs to talk to ET
e Survivors, victims' families among those at museum dedication
m Ebola cases confirmed in Guinea's capital
e Fresh legal challenge to stop ALL the Garth Brooks concerts
b $5 Billion value for Pinterest
b World has new top banana
e Ouch! De Blasio sings “I Love LA” after Rangers loss
t Google Shows Off the Street Smarts of its Self-Driving Cars
e Beyonce, Blue Ivy and Jay Z share sweet VMAs moment - but why was Solange  ...
e Meryl Davis Dating Rumors Debunked: To Reunite With Ex-Rumored Boyfriend  ...
e Mad Men: The Strategy Is My Way
e AP Top Stories June 15 p
e Arrow: The Man Under the Hood Clip
t The hole at the end of the earth
e Jay Z and Beyonce Open Their 'On The Run Tour' in Miami
e Lucasfilm Releases Official Statement On The Future Of The Star Wars  ...
e Madonna and Anna Wintour pay tribute to L'Wren Scott
m Confirmed MERS case traveled through Boston
t Samsung Launches Camera Specialised Smartphone Galaxy K zoom
b China's Industrial Output, Retail Sales Rise In May
e Israeli Transgender Singer In Controversial Video
b Eurotunnel train stopped in Channel Tunnel by power fault
t Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro 8.4 Review: Is this tab overpriced?
b US home sales rebound in April
b The new threat that has Bitcoin insiders nervous
e The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back  ...
e 2014 Season 18 'Bachelor' Juan Pablo Girls Spoilers: Winner Disappointed  ...
b More apply for unemployment benefits, but claims still at 6-year lows
b MH370 Captain 'Planned Route' to Remote Island
b Oregon unemployment falls to 6.9% as more jobs are created
e Lionsgate joins forces with Alibaba to stream in China
t Embracing a tree helps keep a koala cool
b RBS To Pay $99.5 Million To Resolve FHFA Lawsuit
e Johnny Weir splits from husband Victor Voronov after two years of marriage
e Miley Cyrus fan detained after sneaking into singer's dressing room and tweeting  ...
b Microsoft earnings slip to US$5.6b
e ENTERTAINMENT: 'Game of Thrones' stunner: Ding-dong, (spoiler) is dead!
b Party of two: Priceline picks up OpenTable for $2.6 billion
t Titanfall launch helped double Xbox One sales in UK
b US auto sales sizzle in July, helped by discounts
t Slingshot : Facebook To Become Snapchat's Rival
m Obama may hold fix to flood of immigrant kids
t NASA, Boeing Reach Deal for Deep-Space Rocket to Mars
t New York Times to Introduce New Digital Subscriptions
b Morning MoneyBeat Europe: Politics Trump Economics For Once
b Cabbies' protest causes West End gridlock
t Ancient shipwreck off Malta leaves 700 BC cargo
m SCCA experts develop helpful tool to simplify colon cancer prevention  ...
e Britain's Glastonbury embraces Metallica's 'heavier side'
m Nasal spray flu vaccine preferred over needles: ACIP
b BlackBerry posts Q1 profit of $23 mn; sells 1.6 mn smartphones
m Plenty of danger in e-cigarettes
e Easter bunny visits the library
t Tesla Releases Patents in Unprecedented Move to Advance Electric Vehicles
b Small businesses welcome fall in inflation as economy continues to recover
b Postal workers union protest Staples program
b Wall Street dips as momentum stocks drag; Nasdaq slumps
t President Obama Introduces 'Cosmos' Debut Episode
t SHOCKING: FACEBOOK plays with emotions, SECRETLY!
b Pay-TV field could shrink again with AT&T interest in DirecTV
b Deals, dynasties, and drones: The Sun Valley media conference has begun
e 'X-Men' Rules World With Massive $261 Million Global Box-Office Opening
t Apple to Release Galaxy Note 3 Phablet: iPhone 6 Release Date and Features
e VIDEO: OPRAH Shares Original 1983 Audition Tape!
e The Walking Dead Season 4 Episode 16: A
b Vietnam's prime minister calls for end to anti-China protests ahead of planned  ...
b Samsung Expects Slower Smartphones Market Growth, Competition to Hit Profits
e The Rolling Stones willreturn"after the footballseason", says promoter
e The Fault in Our Stars: Synopsis and Review [WATCH VIDEO]
b Valeant Pharma (VRX) Announces Commencement of Allergan (AGN  ...
t LG announces the G Watch, the Android Wear-infused not-quite-Google  ...
e Revolution And Two More Dramas Canceled By NBC
b US sailors hand over control of captured oil tanker to Libyan forces
m 7 Tons Of Hummus Recalled Over Possible Listeria
t T-Mobile's latest stunt: Legere's petition calls on Verizon, AT&T and Sprint to  ...
b Lower oil/gas dampens GDP growth in April to 0.1%
b Barclays share price plunges as bank faces US lawsuit
e Make-Your-Own Sandwich Bar for National Grilled Cheese Day
e Justin Bieber and Kendall Jenner Spotted Together in NYC
e 'The Hobbit: The Battle Of The Five Armies' Gets Somber Teaser Trailer
b Lafley: P&G to cut about half its brands
e Detroit Police Prepare For Gang Retaliation After Deadly Shooting At Cinco De  ...
b Record drought scorches California farmers with billions in losses
m How positive memories can replace negative experiences
t The LG G3 Will Be the First Smartphone to Feature Laser Autofocus
m Team Repairs Facial Damage From Unneeded Cancer Treatment
b Amazon Feud With Publishers to Escalate as Contracts End
e OWN's Lindsay Lohan Series Debuts With Nearly 700000 Viewers
b Charney Ousted Over Nude Worker Photos
t Google's Chromecast streams its way into 11 additional countries
m PUFA, the magic dragon?
e For gay right-wingers, life is doubly difficult
e 'American Idol:' Ryan Seacrest Returning With Three Judges
b SunPower Given Average Rating of "Hold" by Brokerages (NASDAQ:SPWR)
e Zachary Levi and Missy Peregrym Married At Secret Wedding In Maui
b Twitter and Tech Stocks Soar, DirecTV Spikes, and Chiquita Looks Slippery
e Leonardo DiCaprio Dances at Coachella…Well, We Think It's Dancing
b Bank of England keeps rates at 0.50%
b USPS continues call for reforms after latest massive quarterly loss
e Stephen Colbert mocks Washington Redskins owner Dan Snyder, now finds  ...
m Rate Of Heart Attacks And Strokes Among Diabetics Falls, Study Finds
b New-Home Sales Rise, Still Lagging
t 2014 HTC One (M8) event: Live blog stream roundup
m World Health Emergency: UN cautions spread of polio
e Met Ball 2014: Cara Delevingne, Kendall Jenner and Taylor Swift get ready for  ...
t Google Glass rendered irrelevant by Android Wear
e Country music singer Scotty McCreery victim of home invasion, police say
b Joint venture to create world's biggest auto interiors firm
m Sports and Energy Drinks in India Is Now Available at Fast Market Research
b Tony Hayward Gets His Life Back as Kurdish Pipeline Opens
b Bret Baier, Greta Van Susteren Get Joint Interview with Hillary Clinton
e 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' - Average Yet Exciting Epic Fare
b AAA: RI gas prices drop another 2 cents
b Pandora One Is Raising Price to $4.99 a Month, Ditching Annual Option
b Unemployment rate falls 0.2 percent
m Cut off smokers under 21
e PHOTO CALL: Disney's Aladdin Opens on Broadway; "Purple Carpet" Arrivals  ...
b Flipkart To Buy Myntra, The Deal Seems To Be Finally Done!
e Nestle, Aereo, Teva, Pfizer, Momenta: Intellectual Property (1)
m State told to find way to clear Medicaid backlog
t Lakewood 7th-grader Ryan Shea is Colorado Doodle 4 Google winner
t Time Warner Cable rejects Charter's call to drop Comcast merger
b An early gain fades on Wall Street; Dow down 28
m Ebola Crisis: Two US Volunteers In Isolation
t #GoogleIO2014: Working to bring low-cost phones to India by September  ...
e Kate Middleton Wore Her Tennis Whites to Wimbledon
m Existing Drugs May Work Against MERS
e Tori Spelling: Dean McDermott "completely broke my heart"
t The Next Episode: What Dr. Dre's Billionaire Status Means For Hip Hop
b Developed economies' share of global output falls
e Bill Goodykoontz, The Republic | azcentral.com 11:45 am MST April 10, 2014
b China's factories advance as euro zone stumbles
t Tesla looks to spark innovation by opening its patents
e George R.R. Martin Releases Chapter From New 'Game of Thrones' Book
t ISSpresso: Italian Coffee Company Lavazza Launches New Coffee Machine  ...
e Girl arrested for airline threat
t US judge orders Microsoft to submit customer's e-mails from abroad
e Something For Kate: Paul Dempsey Has An Awesome 'Wrecking Ball' Cover
e Stars of 'Sex Tape' say married couple story line is relatable
e Here's a First Look at David Fincher's 'Gone Girl' Adaptation
b BNP Paribas Pops Higher in Europe; Pound Rises to 2008 Levels
e 'Transcendence' Review: It's Like A Clunky TED Talk
e Rob Kardashian: Attending Khloe Kardashian's 30th Birthday Party In Las Vegas
e Watch a topless Lady Gaga show some serious skin in her latest video for GUY
t LG G3 hands-on: hardware, software, and camera
t IPCC report: world unprepared for dangers of climate change
m FDA proposes first regulations for e-cigarettes
e How Mad Men changed the way men dress
m 'Send only those who can resist MERS'
b Air Force awards deal for Space Fence to track orbital debris
t FTC Sues T-Mobile for Customer Billings
m U.S. autism rates up 30% two years; N.J.'s is highest of states studied
t Time machine unlocks secrets of the Universe
e Film Review: 'Noah'
b Fed Tapers $10 Billion Optimistic About Economic Recovery
e AUSSIES DOMINATE THE MTV VIDEO MUSIC AWARDS NOMINATIONS FOR  ...
b Japan overhauls its public pension fund
b Unemployment rates fall in 21 US states, including NC
e 'I have gone into warrior mode': Former GMA host Joan Lunden reveals she has  ...
m HHS awards money to Missouri mental health services
e Alabama's CJ Harris on 'American Idol': Top 10 performance recap, with video  ...
m Measles vaccine clears woman's cancer in study
e A New Twist on the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge
t The Best Streaming Television Alternatives
t Bill as Involved as Satya Wants Him to Be, Says Microsoft's Thompson
t Google clamps down on rogue Chrome plugins and extensions
t Tonight's Incredible Meteor Light Show - That Britain Could Miss
t Europe's `Right To Be Forgotten' Clashes With U.S. Right To Know
b It's tug-of-war Wednesday on Wall...
e Zara yanks kids' shirt resembling Holocaust uniform
e Josh Elliot leaving 'Good Morning America' for NBC Sports
e Lindsay Lohan says on reality show she had miscarriage
t Silicon Valley companies settle employee antitrust lawsuit for $324.5 M
b Car-app service Uber cuts prices in NYC to compete with yellow cabs
t Microsoft expected to announce job cuts
e RIP Johnny Winter
t iPhone 6 case compared with 5s, Nexus 5 in video leak
b Snapchat's Massive Valuation of $10 Billion is no Big Deal for Investors
b Hachette Says Amazon Is Intentionally Delaying The Delivery Of Some Of Its  ...
m Macon County shows some health improvement, report notes
b These Charts Explain Why Google Missed, Sending The Stock Tanking
b Euro zone businesses off to strong start in Q2
b Italy manufacturing PMI growth hits 8-month low in July
b REFILE-US STOCKS-Wall Street drops on news of downed Malaysian plane
t 2014 Beijing Motor Show: Audi TT off-road concept unveiled
b Detroit finance chief: Budget process is 'very fluid'
b A Good Start to Q2 Earnings Season
t EA, Activision Blizzard Sales Beat Targets, Shares Rise
t The real win for Microsoft in iPad
b Yahoo shares soar in premarket trading on optimism about Asia investments, ad  ...
b How Mortgage Reform Helps the Market and Protects Borrowers
b Gas prices soar to 8-month high
t General Motors Company (NYSE:GM): Faulty Ignition in More Ways Than One
b Trading The Pullback
m Three Wisconsinites among those sickened by chia powder in food
e Beyoncé Surfboard Instagram: Beyoncé Slams Divorce Rumors (Again) With  ...
t The U.S. Government: Paying to Undermine Internet Security, Not to Fix It
t Former rivals Apple and IBM team up for mobile business apps
b LIVE: Tesla Announces Earnings
b Quartz Daily Brief—Asia edition—Nigerian explosion, Yahoo earnings, the  ...
b Oil prices rally to 9-month highs on Iraq violence
t Microsoft announces Halo 5: Guardians for Xbox One
t Apple-IBM deal knocks down BlackBerry shares
e Dancing with the Stars Season 19: 'DWTS' Renewed; Projected Episode 1  ...
m Poor Sleep Linked With Childhood Obesity
m (Neb.)-West Nile Virus Is A Concern In The Panhandle
e The new Gone Girl trailer shows a creepy Neil Patrick Harris
t Google and Virgin Galactic in talks over space tourism business stake
b UPDATE 24 (Day 15) MISSING MH370: China releases image of possible object
b Bubbles burst: Coke's global soda sales drop
m Mosquitoes carrying West Nile virus found in Queens, parts of Staten Island
b SunPower shares up after Verizon deal
e Because I'm Tacky: A “Happy” Parody by Weird Al Yankovic [Music Video  ...
m American Woman Who Contracted Ebola Is "Fighting Through It," Son Says
t There's Only One Sci-Fi Movie Neil deGrasse Tyson Thinks Is Scientifically  ...
m Can this drinkable sunscreen fight UV radiation?
t GM recall misery grows: Now 2.5 MILLION cars need work
b Target Seen Pursuing First Outside CEO After Steinhafel Exit (2)
e HGTV Greenlights Reality Show Hosted By Anti-Gay Radicals
b Target bans guns from its stores
t General Motors Company (NYSE:GM), remained among the losers.
e Charlie Sheen Attacks Rihanna On Twitter After 'Stay' Singer Declines  ...
e High school seniors say no to Michele Obama
m 1st case of chikungunya virus found in Tennessee
e Chris Brown releases new single
e 'How I Met Your Mother' recap: 'Funny how sometimes you just find things'
t First Take: Layoffs a painful necessity of Microsoft re-engineering
e Marvel Reveals Details About Guardians of the Galaxy 2 and New Age of Ultron  ...
t LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play Edition updated to Android 4.4.4
b Mortgage Rates Today: PHH Mortgage Quotes Higher 4.250% 30yr FRM (April 18)
t Civilization: Beyond Earth Release Date Coming Fall 2014; New Trailer And  ...
t Apple loses bid to halt sales of some Samsungs
t Facebook To Target Ads Based On Sites Users Visit
e Duck Dynasty's Phil Robertson goes on another anti-gay rant
e George Clooney's father happy about engagement
e Our world to come
b Dollar below ¥102 on Fed stance
b Redskins trademark cancelled
b US Investors Eye IPO for China's Alibaba
b UPDATE: BP Warns On Rosneft Sanctions As Quarterly Profit Rises
b Poll: 66 Percent Of Michigan Voters Say 'Let's Fix Detroit'
t Facebook Introduces A New 'Nearby Friends' Feature For The iPhone
b Marchionne to stay at helm of Fiat Chrysler through 2018
e Bunny Yeager Dead: Pin-Up Photographer Who Helped Launch Bettie Page's  ...
t iPhone 6 May See Only Modest Battery Capacity Boost as Apple Pursues Ultra  ...
b PRECIOUS-Gold up at 6-month high as Ukraine, China prompt safe-haven bids
e L'Wren Scott's designs shined on red carpet
b Abercrombie learns some hard retail lessons
m Holmes, Knox officials gear up for measles outbreak
e Obama attends Denzel Washington play
t Visionary or looney? After acquiring Oculus, some question Facebook CEO's  ...
m Got a rash? Your iPad may be the cause
b UPDATE 4-'Candy Crush' maker King serves up bittersweet results, shares fall
e North Korea: where Christians are persecuted but strong in faith
t Netflix announces new price increase
b Alstom CEO Patrick Kron says GE deal will save jobs
e Duck Dynasty's Willie & Korie Robertson To Renew Vows: 'We're Not Perfect'
e Emma Stone puts Jimmy Fallon to shame in lip-synch battle (Video)
t The Gay Rights Fight Of The '70s Is Chronicled In An Amazing Compilation Of  ...
t Titanfall For Xbox One Sports 792p Resolution, Could Be Increased In The Future
t HTC Planning 9-Inch Nexus Tablet 'Volantis' with 64-bit Tegra Processor
e For its 'Game of Thrones' season finale viewing party, Little Miss Whiskey's will  ...
b Better Data Would Have Started GM Recall Sooner: NHTSA
m Millions more would get statins based on new guidelines
t SpaceX CEO Elon Musk Announces Soft Landing, Plans to Sue Air Force
b US fourth-quarter growth raised, jobless claims near four-month low
t Watch Dogs on Xbox One & PS4 equivalent to PC version on HIGH settings
t AMD's Project SkyBridge Adds ARM Into Chip Mix
e SHOCKING 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' Poster Stirs 9/11 Controversy  ...
b After Bali: The ways in which business must push for open trade
t Canada Won't Escape the FCC's Gutting of Net Neutrality
t Does Office For iPad Close The Door On Third Party Alternatives?
e Meaning and mysterium tremendum
m Lower back pain predicted to rise
b 'Stop your turn, stop your climb:' Another near-miss between jets
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 To Feature a Three-sided Display (Rumor)
m UN Secretary-General meets with Special Envoys on HIV/AIDS
t NHTSA Requires New Cars To Have Backup Cameras, Automakers Push For  ...
m Diem Brown Diagnosed With Cancer For Third Time
m ADHD medications tied to teenage weight gain
b What To Expect From Yellen This Week?
t The International Court of Justice in The Hague has dismissed Japan's claims  ...
t Lenovo recalls 150 thousand laptop batteries due to fire hazard
m Underweight Even Deadlier Than Overweight, Study Says
b Angry cabbies attack London taxi app office
e The Associated PressMay 20, 2014 Updated 10 minutes ago
t 'Right to be forgotten' gets real as Google wipes stories from search results
b Draghi Gauges Ukraine Effect as ECB Tackles Low Inflation
e Angelina Is Magnificent
b Euro Climbs Before ECB as Treasuries Drop for 4th Day
e Lamar Sally: Fighting Sherri Shepherd for Custody of Unborn Child
e George RR Martin to Haters: 'F*ck You,' I'm Going to Finish 'A Song of Ice and  ...
m British scientists close in on blood test for Alzheimer's by identifying predictor  ...
m VIDEO: Topless woman ransacks Florida McDonald's, helps herself to ice cream
e The New Hobbit Movie Trailer Looks Bloody Incredible
m Researchers call for e-cigarette controls
b US stocks stocky as busy earnings week kicks off
e Singer Chris Brown's DC trial delayed for months
b Wal-Mart sues Visa for US$5 billion over card swipe fees
m Florida one of 10 states recalled beef may have been sent to
e Was Jay Z and Solange's Elevator Incident Over a Spider? 'SNL' Says So
e Miley Cyrus goes raunchy, puts mouth around giant inflatable penis
b Dollar jolted higher by Fed rate risk
t Heart shaped volcanic region spotted on Mars
e Bachelorette Contestant Predictions: Who's Most Likely…
b MTA, Transit Workers Announce Tentative Contract Dispute Without Fare Hikes
e Dancing with the Stars 2014 Spoilers: Robin Roberts Guest Judge Tonight!
e Weird Al — Lorde's Hair Twin — Takes On 'Royals' With 'Foil'
m Friends And Family Share The Same Genes: How A Trip To The Coffee Shop  ...
b AAA Michigan: Gas prices rise about 2 cents in past week; statewide average is  ...
b US releases $450 mn of Iran's frozen funds
t BUSINESS BRIEFING China Investigating Microsoft in Monopoly Case
t Microsoft Shutting Down Xbox Originals is Bad News For More than Just The  ...
b Express Soars After Sycamore Partners Says It Plans to Make Bid
m Tips for Avoiding Ticks this Season
e Olivia Palermo confirms marriage
b Water allocations to be increased for Southern California, drought conditions  ...
m Target, Trader Joe's Involved in Hummus Recall
e Why Taylor Swift Hanging Out With Emma Stone Is Good
b Alibaba's IPO signals a fresh appetite for Chinese technology
e Jude Law And Jimmy Fallon Battle In The 'Tonight Show Funny Face Off'
e Ashton Kutcher Goes Green for St. Patrick's Day Jog!
e Channing Tatum Says He's a High-Functioning Alcoholic, Had an Imaginary Friend
t Don't Know If BlackBerry Can Be Iconic Again: CEO
b Producer Prices Drop in US During May
t Motorola, Flipkart to launch Moto E tomorrow
t Android Wear devices from LG, Samsung now available
t LG G3 is official with 5.5-inch Quad-HD display
e Prince George Spends Father's Day With Prince William, Kate Middleton at Polo  ...
m Ebola outbreak: Sierra Leone and Liberia announce state of emergency as  ...
t Android L is irrelevant for your phone, as KitKat teaches us
b Hundreds gather for Market Basket rally
m Md. county police to carry drug to save overdose deaths
e Katherine Heigl drops lawsuit against Duane Reade drug store company after  ...
e Let's All Thank Weird Al for Turning 'Blurred Lines' Into an Anthem of Proper  ...
b Target asks customers not to bring guns in store
e VIDEO: “Captain America” soars past “Noah” at box office
t Google Glass Explorer Edition Version 2.0
t Earth hit by 26 atom-bomb scale asteroid impacts since 2000
e TV sleuth back in fine form in film version of 'Veronica Mars'
b Interest rate rise a sign Britain is back to normal, former chancellor says
e Stacey Dash Hired By Fox News As 'Cultural Analysis' Contributor
b Amazon Actually Telling Customers To Shop Elsewhere
t Facebook Adjusts Its Privacy Controls—Again
e Easter Sunrise Service Sunday Morning at the Cross
e ACM Awards 2014: Country singers talk politics, George Strait awarded top honor
t Apple, IBM team up to create mobile applications
e Rick Ross Just Revealed Puff Daddy's New Album Title
e Former 'Scandal' actor arrested
t SpaceX Rocket to Blast to International Space Station with New Supplies
t Samsung Gear Live Teardown
e Miley Cyrus coming to Skidmore College — as topic of sociology class
b In mixed opinion, high court lets EPA regulate power plants' carbon
e VIDEO: Beyoncè's MTV VMAs Performance Will Blow Your Mind!
e Kendall Jenner & Kylie Jenner Attends 2014 Billboard Music Awards
e 'The Bachelor' finale recap: The red flags wave for Clare and Nikki
b Australian Market Advances On Wall Street Cues
b Oklahoma AG Praises Supreme Court's Limiting EPA Rules
b OPEC chief says recent oil price hike due to market fears, Iraq output steady  ...
b Alibaba IPO expected to raise $1B from U.S. listing
b Lukoil starts Iraq oilfield as output reaches 35-year high
b UBS posts profit gain, beating forecasts
t Heartbleed: Private crypto keys can be extracted from vulnerable servers
b Bill Ackman Argues Herbalife Is Breaking Chinese Laws In This New Presentation
b Why Rich Asians are Propping Up Burberry
b VIX trading available around the clock
t Facebook Inc (FB) Acquires Fitness App Moves
b BIS detects early 'worrying signals' from credit booms
m WHO: 7% of Bulgarians are alcoholics
t Another Google Glass user attacked
e Elle Fanning Says What We're All Thinking About Angelina Jolie
e 'Game of Thrones' season 4, episode 3 review: A Jaime - Cercei shocker; Dany's  ...
b Washington Taxi Drivers Join Global Uber Protests
b US stocks drop
b Yellen's 15 Minutes
m E-Cigs' liquid refill bad for health
e Destiny's Child Reunion: Michelle Williams' New Music Video 'Say Yes' Brings  ...
t Report: Apple plans to introduce a connected home platform at WWDC
b Indian Shares Seen Rising After Dovish Comments From Yellen
b Time Warner, Inc. (TWX) Updates FY14 Outlook Post Time, Inc., Divestiture
b Men's Wearhouse likes the way rival Jos A Bank looks, sweetened bid caps long  ...
e Gaga on Tony Bennett duet CD: Jazz comes easier vs. pop
e Ariana Grande & Jennette McCrudy, 'Sam & Cat' Future Not Looking Great
e Movie Review: 'Noah' is simply wonderful
e Jessica Simpson Is Officially Married! Get The Wedding Deets HERE!
b Jet nearly collided with drone over Florida
b Why retail sales were better than you think – but still not great
b Barnes & Noble Is Breaking Up
e VIDEO: LA mayor obscenity speech steals King's Stanley Cup party
b I need a loan now ith no credit check
e What Will Stand Out at Cannes 2014?
e 'Good Wife' leaves viewers shocked, bereaved
e MTV, Ariana Grande Reviving 'TRL' for One Day to Debut New Song 'Break Free'
e Meme: Steve Martin Claims Ignorance on “Father of the Bride 3,” Adam Lambert  ...
e Harrison Ford hospitalized after injury on 'Star Wars' set
b US wins WTO trade dispute with China - Report
b News Review: Plug Power Inc (NASDAQ:PLUG), BlackBerry Ltd (NASDAQ  ...
b Microsoft's Elop defends Android-based Nokia X phones
m A timeline of the deadly MERS virus
t Driverless cars will be on UK roads from January 2015
t Construction can begin on UA-led spacecraft project
t Samsung Galaxy K Cameraphone Leaked Image Revealed
e Miranda Kerr's high-flying sex life revelations
b How To Make Quick Profits In Gold Right Now [SPDR Gold Trust (ETF), iShares  ...
b Dow closes above 17000 after strong jobs report
b Alibaba Updates IPO Filing
t AT&T aims for TV's future with US$48.5B DirecTV deal
e All-star comedy at Casino
t Apple updates MacBook Pro with Retina display, reduces price of 13 inch  ...
b California Back in The Running for Tesla Plant
b Lithuania 'poised to join euro'
t Microsoft just exposed email's ugliest secret
m Painkillers prescribed too frequently in US; Alabama tops CDC list
e Adele Teases 25 On Twitter?
e Sept. 11 museum evokes strong emotions
b Argentina vs. Bondholders: The Epic Saga
t Apps That Can Transform Your Smartphone Into Fitness Gadget
t Samsung Galaxy S5 mini to use fingerprint
e Firm downplays problems at L'Wren Scott's company
b Alternative Energy Biz Mega-Bullish On India's NaMo
b Terrifying moment planes almost collide at Spain airport caught on video
b 10 Things You Need To Know Before The Opening Bell
t Facebook looks to emerging markets for ad sales
e 'Idol' winner talks about Season 13 victory
t Safety group lists best used cars for teen drivers
e 'American Idol' Recap: Caleb Johnson Is The Frontman To Beat
t Smartphone 'kill switch' bill will have another shot in the state Senate on Thursday
e Dawn of the Planet of the Apes Looks Ridiculously Cool
e Daily Mail apologises to George Clooney for fiancée story 1:41PM
m Panda Possibly Fakes Pregnancy to Get More Food, Sweet Digs
b AT&T To Buy DirectTV For 48.5 Billion
e Is 'Game Of Thrones' New On Easter? Find Out If Season 4, Episode 3 'Breaker  ...
e NY1 Movie Review: 'A Million Ways To Die In The West'
e Courtney Love says she has clue on MH370
b Chrysler Reports $690 Million Q1 Loss
e Downey Jr's son held on drug charges
t You Used Your First Ever Tweet To Say THIS?
e HGTV Not Moving Forward With 'Flip It Forward' Amid Hosts' Anti-Gay Stance
e The Beverly Hills Hotel Is Under Fire Because of Brunei's Sharia Law
b Interest rate can't stay low forever
e Liam Hemsworth and Miley Cyrus Breakup News: 'Adore You' Singer Disses  ...
t Is the New Samsung Galaxy S an iPad Killer?
e X-Men: Days Of Future Past Opening Day Is $36 Million
b (PR) Finavera Wind Energy to Acquire Solar Alliance of America
t Professor, users react to Facebook's psychological experiment
b Amazon Deserves All of Its Bad PR
b HUFFPOLLSTER: Uninsured Rate Hits 6-Year Low
b Russian troops returning to base after drills
e Zara Apologizes for Upsetting Shoppers With Holocaust T-Shirt
e Kanye West drops Jay Z's name from songs
t Robot crashes into moon
e Will Smith + Jada Pinkett Smith Reportedly Investigated by Child Protective  ...
b Sales of existing homes up 1.3 percent in April; new homes sales also up
t Samsung email targeted Steve Jobs' death as "our best opportunity to attack  ...
e Miley Cyrus' home robbed, car stolen
e Miley Cyrus Postpones US Tour Following Illness
t Heart Bleed Bug, Virus, Test: NSA Denies Prior Knowledge
b GLOBAL MARKETS-Shares rally on ECB stimulus bet; dollar gains
t Criminal Charge Against Toyota Motor Corporation and Deferred...
t Tech Giants Vying to Offer the Best and Most Affordable Delivery Service
e Michael Keaton hailed as 'Birdman' makes a soaring opener for 71st Venice Film  ...
e 'Amazing Spider-Man 2' Will Set Up 'The Sinister Six' (Oh, And A New Green  ...
t Climate change assessment paints stark picture of potential damage
m CDC Admits Being Sloppy With Deadly Diseases
e Selena Gomez blindsided parents with decision to fire them
t HTC One M8 officially unveiled
m Promising Results Reported For Experimental Cancer Drug
t Will Android TV be Google's next set-top box?
e Caught In A Lie! Kim K. IS Filming Wedding For 'KUWTK' But Telling Guests It Is  ...
t Google I/O 2014: Google (GOOG) to Showcase Latest Android-Powered Devices  ...
b Today's Mortgage Rates: BB&T Fixed, VA and FHA Mortgage Interest Rates for  ...
b Adobe launches new art apps for smartphones, tablets
t Is The Latest Climate Report Too Much Of A Downer?
t Google, Viacom reach deal in YouTube copyright lawsuit
e 10 things you probably never knew about Queen icon, Freddie Mercury The  ...
e Beasties out to make Monster pay
e Parker: Protecting the Heartland from comedy
m Mom busted for drinking while breastfeeding
e Peaches Geldof Posted Photos Of Her Sons In Just 19 Minutes Before Dying
e TV Quick Hits: Les Moonves on Stephen Colbert, 'Girl Meets World' promo  ...
e Mom's gone but memories live on and on
b Inmarsat offers free airline tracking services
t AOL hack causes spam from dormant email accounts
t Updates, advisories and surprises
t Watch the Galaxy Tab S announcement here
t New details expected in Senate hearing on GM recall
e Beyonce's Sister Solange Lunges at Jay Z, Violently Assaults Hip Hop Mogul in  ...
e Bruce Willis and Demi Moore's Daughter Scout LaRue Willis Protests Instagram  ...
t FCC insists proposed internet rules won't 'gut' net neutrality
b Daily Report: Yen Steady as BoJ on Hold
e Obama Uses Cinco de Mayo White House Celebration to get Hispanics On  ...
e Watch Ricky Gervais Spoof 'House of Cards' and 'Orange Is the New Black'
b Roundup: Samsung Electronics posts lowest earnings in two years for Q2
e Beyonce And Jay Z Getting Marriage Advice From Gwyneth Paltrow
e Katie Couric Marries John Molner -- See Her Wedding Dress!
e Shailene Woodley and Ansel Engort find a metaphor in first 'Fault in Our Stars' clip
t Is Heartbleed deceptively easy to fix?
b Costs pressure businesses in first quarter
e One Direction And Jennifer Lawrence Storm The Kids' Choice Awards
b Allergan urges shareholders to reject Valeant Pharmaceuticals takeover offer
m Regional hospitality professionals flock to The Hotel Show Saudi Arabia 2014
e Bryan Singer Breaks Silence, Pulls Out of 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' Press Tour
t Samsung Unveils Galaxy Tab S 8.4 & Galaxy Tab S 10.5 With AMOLED Displays
m Baystate's Dr. Sarah Haessler says 'don't panic' about MERS, but keep informed
e Jay Z and Beyonce Share Footage of Their Wedding at On The Run Tour (VIDEO)
b Hot dog wieners being recalled
t Heartbleed on Android devices and apps: How to check if your smartphone is  ...
b Twitter hits 255 million monthly active users; slow user growth spooks Wall Street
t Jawbone and Mercedes flock to the Nest as API goes live
t Twitter brings chat-like feature to Web version with real-time notifications
t Google Remembers Rubik's Cube 40th Anniversary With A Doodle
b The 2015 Toyota Camry unveiled in the Big Apple
m Vibrating pill may hold secret to treating chronic constipation
t Google Buying Quest Visual to Bolster Mobile Translation
e Prince Harry and girlfriend Cressida enjoy day out
e NBC wins key demo as TV season closes out
e Lorde performs 'Team' + 'Tennis Court' at MuchMusic Awards
b Patent Office Declares Washington NFL Team Will Lose Trademark Protection  ...
b Alstom advancing GE's $17bn bid is a poke in the eye for Francois Hollande
t The Maddening World of Glacial Melt and Its Politics
t Red and pink Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Neo coming our way
e Amazon Fire TV Replaces Chromecast Atop Amazons Best Sellers List
b Owner sells Red Lobster, keeps Olive Garden
t Nintendo sticks to consoles
b BofA Blunder Forgiven as Buffett Says 'Do the Best You Can' (1)
b Malaysia Airlines Flights: MH17 Black Box Data Suggests Missile Attack; MH17  ...
e Ice Bucket Challenge Freezes U Students
e Boy has priceless reaction to finding out he's getting another little sister
e Canton man behind viral airport video
t Why Amazon's Firefly Must Be Rejected
m Support for e-cigarettes
b Forex - USD/CAD hits session highs after drop in U.S. jobless claims
b Calif. water regulators increase powers
e Review: Solid Scares Keep 'Deliver Us from Evil' Strong in Tired Genre
b Samsung Electronics Sees 25% Drop In Q2 Operating Profit
e Game Of Thrones' Jack Gleeson reveals all about Purple Wedding twist
e Goodbye, productivity. Hello, HBO.
e 'Captain America' better the second time around
e 'Budapest Hotel' worth checking out
b Coldwater Creek files for bankruptcy protection
e Did Khloe Kardashian Threaten Selena Gomez?
m Hoboken school, Stevens Institute of Technology, reports eight mumps cases
e Howard Stern Producer Baba Booey Reflects on Casey Kasem's Influence
b McDonalds Corp. (MCD) Misses Q1 EPS by 3c; U.S. Comps Fell 1.7%
b Valeant increases proposal for Allergan merger by about 21% per share
b Darden Restaurants (NYSE: DRI) to Sell Red Lobster for $2.1 Billion
e New JK Rowling story offers a peek at grown-up Harry, Hermione, and Ron
b Poll Result Could Cause Market 'Turmoil': RBI Governor
t Nadella is breaking Microsoft out of Windows
m Five people hospitalized for suspected anthrax infection in Hungary
m Mad Scientists Take Another Step Towards Human Cloning, Ban It Before It's  ...
b Health Care Website Malfunctions During Last Minute Enrollment
b McDonald's profit falls, US diners not "lovin' it"
t Latest GM Recall Sets US Record
b Tipperary engineering firm Kentz to be sold for £1.2bn
m VIDEO: Savannah medical students get matched to residency programs
t Gallery: Gorilla babies arrive at Bronx Zoo
b Stocks Open Lower In Weak Trade; Arris Rises, Trimble Tumbles
t With Microsoft Amazon joins
e James Franco laughs off Instagram controversy in Saturday Night Live skit
e Batman finally gets a badass Batmobile in Arkham Knight trailer
e The waiting Game (of Thrones) is over
e Amazon earnings: Sales in focus for online retailer
b UPDATE 6-Fiat Chrysler bets on Jeep, Alfa revamp to go global
b Letter: Nature under attack in Kansas Legislature
e Jada Pinkett Smith Credits New Perspective on Gender Roles for Strengthening  ...
b Report: Newly-elected Modi aims to bring solar to every Indian home by 2019
b 3000 Toyota jobs to move to Texas from Torrance
m Obamacare: 943000 Enrolled in February, Short of HHS's 1.27 Million Target for  ...
e Annie Leibovitz: Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Vogue Shot Was Purely For  ...
t Americans Were Asked to Predict What the Future Will Look Like in 2064. Here's  ...
e Aereo Is a Ridiculous Company. The Supreme Court Should Shut It Down.
e How Taylor Kitsch Rediscovered Himself — And His Career — With “The Normal  ...
e Justin Bieber Won't Face Felony Robbery Charge in Alleged Phone-Grabbing  ...
e Home > Justin Bieber > Justin Bieber Sends Selena Gomez $10k Flowers?
b Iraq concerns lift top-rated euro zone bonds but Fed limits gains
e In A Big Win For Cord Cutters, HBO Shows Now Available On Amazon
b Malaysian official denies report that missing jet may have flown for hours after  ...
t Ubisoft confirm Assassin's Creed 5 as Unity
e Compare Your 2014 MTV Movie Awards Pool To The ACTUAL Winners
t ISS cargo ship activities to air on NASA TV
e George Brett, who inspired the song 'Royals,' finally meets Lorde
e Jennifer Love Hewitt joins "Criminal Minds" cast
m Four more virus deaths in Saudi
e Eurovision 2014: Austria's Conchita Wurst is already looking like a Eurovision  ...
t Apple's stock jumps after earnings top Wall Street
b Urban Outfitters 2013 net sale increase 10 percent
t Supreme Court rules Aereo violated copyright
m NO, BR make list of nation's top 20 allergenic cities
t HTC One M8 sees 'fading sales' as competition intensifies
e Prolific character actor James Rebhorn dies at 65
b US economy still needs help, housing poses risk: Yellen
b Dollar Tree to purchase Family Dollar
t Google buys Word Lens app maker: Can we expect better Google Translate now?
m Saudi MERS toll surges to 282
m Rules Were Long Overdue
t Net Neutrality, Monopoly, and the Death of the Democratic Internet
e 'World News' shakeup
e Game of Thrones Ending Is "100 Percent” Satisfying
e Kim, Kanye ... Kork? Couple honeymoon in Ireland
e Bill Murray Crashes Bachelor Party, Offers Advice to Single Men
e Brangelina unfazed by red carpet scare - and won't be stepping up security
m Study: Salt Accelerates Aging in Overweight Teens
m Invasive Bladder Cancer May Derive From Single Stem Cell Type
b Gold tumbles as dollar rallies
e Jimmy Fallon Pranks The Roots With Altered 'Fifty Shades Of Grey' Trailer
e Joan Rivers won't apologize to Ohio women over controversial joke
e Will Prince Harry Propose To Girlfriend Cressida Bonas This Year?
t Xbox One Aaron Paul Advert Will Turn on Your Console, For Real
b Apple confirms $3bn deal for Beats Electronics
t Add a second layer of protection online
t Silent Text 2 Adds Better Encryption For Secure Messaging
t Facebook experiment on users' emotions sparks outrage
e Macaulay Culkin pelted with 'beer' at Dot to Dot festival
e The Cricket's Daily 3: Farewell to Paul Mazursky
t Nintendo to introduce console for emerging markets
e Neil Patrick Harris Responds to Rumors He Could Replace David Letterman
e Miley Cyrus' Dog Dies, Fans Remember Dog With #RIPFloyd Hashtag
t OkCupid admits toying with users to find love formula
e Is Katherine Heigl's Lawsuit The Most Bizarrely Written Thing in History?
m Mosquitoes with West Nile Virus found in Boston
e Are Tom Cruise & Laura Prepon Dating?
e With the help of thousands, 'Veronica Mars' is reborn on the big screen
t A Tale Of Three Remotes
e Instructor sees teaching moments in Miley Cyrus
m E. coli outbreak linked to sprouts; grower won't issue a recall
e 12 awesome ways to celebrate Cinco de Mayo in Las Vegas
t Astronomically speaking: Vegetables in space
m Aspirin to prevent heart attack should be limited, FDA says
m The Brunswick News
e Keeping Up with the Kardashian: Kim's family in Paris
e Fox TV Forced to Renew “American Idol” As They Cancel Many Show
e Alicia Keys, Kendrick Lamar, and Pharrell Combine for 'It's On Again'
e 'Hercules' Trailer: Dwayne Johnson Fights Animals
b Housing market sees surge in sales — here's why
t Apple rests case in second California patent trial against Samsung
b Burger King Talks Merger With Canada's Tim Hortons
b Dixons Carphone poised for launch of stores and shares
t Taxpayers' SINs swiped from federal computers
b Reuters: Germany's RWE begins natural gas deliveries to Ukraine
t Apple All Set to Purchase Beats
b NABE Survey: Higher Costs Pressured Businesses in First Quarter
e 'Gotham' leads Fox's new schedule, with 'Idol' being cut back
t Windows 2000 gained more market share in June than Windows 8
e Wu-Tang Clan: Andre Johnson Needs 'Help'…
e Celebrities boycott Brunei-owned hotels
b McDonald's expects to face criticism at annual meeting
e Paul Walker's Brothers to Help Complete Shooting of "Fast & Furious 7"
m April Autism Aging Adults Apathy Angst
t Texas DMV warns consumers about 'cloned vehicles'
t Shanghai Oriental Joint Venture to Push PS4 Sales in China
b siliconANGLE » Bitcoin Weekly 2014 March 26: IRS to tax bitcoins as property  ...
e Captain America still going strong
b UPDATE: EMC Posts Drop In Q1 Earnings, Cuts 2014 Outlook
m New Sugar Substitute, Advantame Approved by the FDA
t Gas prices up in Omaha compared to 2013
e Coachella 2014: Iconic Pictures From Past Festival Dates
e Emma Stone Admits 'Love' for Boyfriend Andrew Garfield
e Legendary Blues Guitarist Johnny Winter Dies At 70, Muddy Waters Producer  ...
e 'Avatar' Director James Cameron Talks Next Three 'Avatar' Movies
e Lindsay Lohan - Lindsay Lohan's credit cards declined
b Facebook Revenues up 72% as Social Network Goes More Mobile
e 'Dawn of Planet of Apes' marks digital lib for actors
e Eli Wallach 'the consummate bad guy'
e Beyonce Accepts Vanguard Award From Family
t Indiana begins 911-texting service
e Gwyneth Paltrow Breaks Up With Chris Martin
e Tv - Friends Cafe To Open For A Month In New York
e Hayden Panettiere, 24, and boxer fiance Wladimir Klitschko 'expecting their first  ...
b Stocks rise as technology shares gain
t Windows Phone 8.1 to be generally available in July?
t AAA: Drivers in RI paying highest holiday gas prices in 6 years/ Poll
t Lenovo sees IBM server deal closing by year-end
m British man's injured face rebuilt using 3D printing
e Taylor Swift - Taylor Swift Named Top Money Maker For 2014
b Argentina to pursue $500-million during bond hearing in New York
b Shire share price climbs higher on pledge to double sales by 2020
e Mark Ruffalo says Ben Affleck stood in the way of friendship with Jennifer Garner
m FDA Approves First Drug from Anacor Pharma
e 'Sharknado 2′ post-mortem: In praise of Ziering and wanting more gore
b Home sale contracts up
t NASA successfully test flies a Flying Saucer like spacecraft for future Mars  ...
e Colbert Report draws accusations of racism from Twitter users - KTUL.com  ...
e Kanye West and Kim Kardashian Cover Vogue Magazine
e Sheeran Sings his way to MTV award
b Georgia Unemployment at Lowest Rate in 6 Years
m Sweets makers work to keep names off e-cigarettes
e Miley Cyrus Robbed Second Time In Seven Months
m Letters to the South Oakland Eccentric
e Jimmy Kimmel & Daniel Radcliffe talk Bills, Toronto
b Officials: Shelby County High School student arrested after bringing knife to school
e Michael Jace charged with wife's murder
e Twitter shuts down #Music app
b More hire than fire in Germany
t Gameover Zeus: Computer users have two weeks to improve security before  ...
e The Voice Season 7: Shakira, Usher Back as Judges/Coaches? (+Projected  ...
e Kurt Cobain Biography, In Comic Book Format, To Be Released In April
b Boeing logs $56 billion order to build 150 777X aircraft for Emirates Airline
b MH370: Not to happen again, aviation chief tells Doha meeting
t Dr. Dre says he's 'the first billionaire in hip-hop'
t HTC One (M8) vs Sony Xperia Z2: the weigh-in
b Dollar Tree to buy Family Dollar for $8.5 billion, create country's largest discount  ...
e Benzino's business partner says shooting stems from long-standing family feud
b BOJ says inflation to stay above 1% despite cut in GDP forecast
b US consumer sentiment soars to nine month high: Reuters/University of Michigan
t Journal that published Facebook emoto-furtle study: Proper boffins get CONSENT
e Ciara's Baby Shower Attended by Kim Kardashian and La La Anthony Plus Baby  ...
e Scotty McCreery Held At Gunpoint In North Carolina
e R & B Singer Chris Brown Held Without Bail
e Amber Heard, The Future Mrs. Johnny Depp, Claims Her Engagement Hasn't  ...
t Every version of Internet Explorer is affected by the 'Internet Explorer' Bug
t Soyuz brings 3-man crew to ISS after two-day delay
e Katy Perry is being sued by a Christian rapper, because Christian rappers are  ...
t Where will the Rosetta mission land? Esa shortlists five possible sites for the first  ...
e Chris Martin buys Gwyneth Paltrow a parting gift
b 8 Miners In Honduras Escape; 3 Remain Trapped
t Score a symphony on your iPad? No problem, says Apple's 'your verse' campaign
e NewsOne Minute: Chris Rock Interviews White People at a Monster Truck Rally  ...
t Modi Draws Twitter, Facebook Deeper Into Government
e Walter Dean Myers, multimillion-selling children's author, dies at 76
t Google Is Building A Creator-Focused Mobile App, Channel Donations And  ...
t SAMSUNG GALAXY GRAND 2
b Bank of America to pay $1.27B on countrywide fraud
e Vanderbilt doctors urge caution with fireworks
b Dow tops 17000 after strong US jobs report
e Scarlett Johansson debuts edgy new short blonde hair out in New York with  ...
e Beyoncé, Jennifer Garner and Victoria Beckham want to ban 'bossy' - VIDEO
b Coca-Cola disputes investor claims over exec pay
b Missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370: Data deleted from pilot's simulator, official  ...
e 2014 Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival - Day 1
e Report: George Brett, who inspired the song 'Royals,' finally meets Lorde
e Transformers: Age Of Extinction tops world BO with a grand 301 million
e Country music singer Kevin Sharp dies at age 43 after battle with cancer
e 'The Bachelor' Season 18 Finale Recap: Juan Pablo Picks Nikki Ferrell, But He  ...
e Elizabeth Olsen & Dakota Fanning Strip Down & Skinny Dip in 'Very Good Girls  ...
t Canadian police charge 19-year-old in 'Heartbleed' bug case
t Netflix starts streaming in 4K
e 'Outlander' Review: A Gorgeous If Rocky Trip To Scotland
m Four Ebola cases confirmed in Guinea's capital
m Deadly Ebola outbreak in West Africa kills 445; Ministers adopt strategy
e Andi Dorfman: 25 Things You Don't Know About Me
m Fifty new Ebola cases and 25 deaths in West Africa
e Potato Salad Kickstarter Campaign Brings in Over $9K
t Climate change wake-up call
t UK misses out on Fire Phone for now, Amazon tells Brits to 'stay tuned'
e The Walking Dead Season 4 Finale: Terminus Could Be Safe, Says Michael  ...
e First Teaser Trailer For Michael Bay's Live-Action 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles  ...
b Barclays profits drop 7% on currency problems
b Mt. Gox files for Chapter 15 in U.S.
t Nokia Lumia 2520 tablet sales halted over faulty charger
t You Can Now Custimize Your Tumblr's Mobile Appearance from the App
b GLOBAL ECONOMY-China, Japan factory output improves, but still contracting
e Primetime Emmy Awards 2014 -Breaking Bad Predictably Dominates Drama
t Climate change worsening wildfires in the West
t Potentially Habitable Alien World May Not Even Be A Real Planet
b Debris spotted in missing plane search
b REFILE-At China's Alibaba, chairman Ma's dealings raise red flags
t Calling VR content creators: Oculus Connect is coming soon
b Vodafone to buy Spain's Ono for $10.03 billion: source
t Samsung launches dual-sim Galaxy S5 in China for CNY 5299
e Chris Shepherd named Best Chef Southwest at 2014 James Beard Awards
e Moore Thoughts: Easter is more than bunnies, eggs and baskets
e Photo of Kate Middleton's royally naked backside causes kerfuffle
m Is MERS a Global Threat? GW Experts Available to Comment
t Tesla's move to open source may be good for business
b Euro Steady Ahead Of Draghi's Remarks
e Cannes Un Certain Regard Review: Lost River
e Hall and Oates, Nirvana, Kiss lead new class in Rock Hall of Fame
m One-Third of the Global Population Is Obese
e Elle Fanning & Angelina Jolie Both Stun At "Maleficent" Photo Call
e QUIZ: What Celebrity Girl Clique Would You Want to be Part Of?
m Teenager at center of a custody dispute returned to parents' home in Connecticut
e George Clooney leads class of celebs taking on tabloids
t Round Table: Is HTC One M8 a worthy opponent against Samsung and Sony  ...
e 'Jurassic Park 4' First Look: The Cast, the Cars and the Construction!
e WATCH: Adorable 5-year-old sister's tearful wish for little brother
t Potential Sprint/T-Mobile deal may prompt US auction rethink
b 28 April 2014 - Integration in European financial markets improved, but still  ...
t Marc Marquez defends Texas title in MotoGP
b CBI and BCC voice interest-rate concerns
m Marriage may help keep your heart healthy: Large US study links vows to lower  ...
t Microsoft's China Headache
b Will This Upgrade Have A Positive Impact On Nabors Industries (NBR) Stock  ...
e COACHELLA 2014: Big-time art creates festival's landscape
b Mark Carney hints Bank of England interest rate could rise 'earlier than expected'
e GWAR frontman Brockie found dead in Virginia home
e Small London theatre dominates at the Olivier Awards
b Pershing Square Helped Keep Allergan Move Legal In '11
t Carmakers battle airbag explosions
e Peaches Geldof's Father, Bob Geldof Releases A Statement From The Family  ...
b What will Fed's next step by in hazy economy?
t Air quality deteriorates in most cities worldwide: WHO
t HTC One M8 Prime Specs Seem Impressive If They Are True
b The blacklist: Russian army chief of staff & 14 others targeted in new EU sanctions
e Beyonce Silences the Rumours over Split with Husband Jay Z
b Amazon sets smartphone world on Fire
e All five Garth Brooks Croke Park concerts have officially been cancelled
t Audio News for June 27, 2014
e Knight at the Movies: Marvel's Guardians...; Lucy; film notes
t How To Download Windows Phone 8.1 & Cortana In The UK
b Fed meets amid market skittishness
e Cruise soars in 'Edge of Tomorrow': Movie Review
m Cheeseheads Prompt Federal Agency to Back Off Regulatory Threat
t Clarion Nightsnake Rediscovered off Coast of Mexico, Why is it So Difficult For  ...
e Kendall Jenner Skipped Rehearsals Before Billboard Awards Mistake
b Why Apple and Fusion-io are Rising
b Toyota posts record group net profit in FY 2013
t Samsung patent filing shows circular smartwatch that has ability to detach and  ...
e Jolie: I never thought I'd be a mum
b China paper slams HK referendum as 'illegal farce'
m U.S. Hot Stocks: Hot Stocks to Watch
e Marion Cotillard wears only one Chopard earring with her plunging Dior at Met  ...
m Recovering Alcoholics Can Use Smartphone App To Reduce Number Of Risky  ...
b Gadgets BlackBerry Reports Sub-$1B Quarterly Revenue for Q4, Brings Back  ...
e Case dropped against Paul Simon and Edie Brickell
e Ryan Gosling Becoming A Dad? Eva Mendes Is Pregnant According To Reports
e Media sexism and George Clooney
e Kanye West And Kim Kardashian Are Officially Man And Wife
t Comcast Reportedly Signs 1.5M Subscriber Deal With Charter
b China's Growth Cyclical Upturn Is Within Sight
e Maxim picks Victoria's Secret model Candice Swanepoel as No. 1 on Hot 100
e Bon Bon Still Shakin' Ricky Martin Proves He's Still Very, Very Sexy
t iPhone 6 screens could enter production by May
t Google Glass Goes Upscale With Luxottica Deal
b GameStop climbs as 1Q profit tops Street's view
e Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles x Fila M-Squad Shoe
b Overdraft fees can cost more than your purchase
t HTC One (2013) GPe gets a Play Store price cut
m Tracking flu levels with Wikipedia
e Watch the 2014 Emmy Nominations Announcement and Get Our Instant  ...
e 1-cent stamp nets record price for a fourth time
m Memory warning for middle-aged drinkers
b Bank of America beats estimates with $12.96B in revenue
b Forget ISM, Krispy Kreme is the economic indicator you should watch
e Weekend Movie Preview: May 23, 2014
t Facebook Joins Twitter In Testing Out A 'Buy' Button For E-Commerce
e Saw-wielding man attacks Japan girl group AKB48
e Amazon signs HBO to exclusive deal to stream premium channel's classic shows
e New Harry Potter Sequel Fantastic Beast And Where To Find Them To Be  ...
e VIDEO: How I Met Your Mother's Surprise Ending
e Katie Couric Married: See Her Wedding Dress
t Is more hunger and malnutrition inevitable? Not necessarily
e Every Amazing Moment From Our 'Hercules' Clip In GIFs
e Miley Cyrus Lets Homeless Guy Give Her VMA Speech
e Coachella To Be Livestreamed On YouTube
m AIDS could be curbed by 2030
b Pfizer reports Q1 earnings down, still pursuing AstraZeneca
m BC Measles Outbreak: Case Confirmed At Burnaby BCIT Campus
b BB Biotech: Solid fundamental progress in the first quarter 2014
b SD gas prices down 4.2 cents from last week
e Does Coldplay's New 'Magic' Video Show Signs of Conscious Uncoupling?
m Children Of Gay Parents Are Happier And Healthier Than Their Peers, New  ...
m Unhealthy Diets Greater Threat To Health Than Tobacco
m Summer Holiday Offers: Two Week Stay at Ebola Hotel All Inclusive
t MIT Developing Reading Device for the Visually Impared
t Twitter to bring pop-up notification alerts to its website
e Scientist say document on Jesus' wife likely ancient
e War movie? North Korea threatens combat over film
b Microsoft: Mobile Management Offering a Risk for Citrix, VMware, CA, Says  ...
e Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber Back Together After Breakup? 'Slow Down  ...
b Gold slumps to 1-month low as Fed rate outlook weighs
t Space station gets espresso machine
e Country music singer Kevin Sharp dies at 43
b French and Benelux stocks-Factors to watch on March 13
m Minnesota retains top spot in senior health report
t Report: Amidst layoffs, Nike to kill production of FuelBand
b Speakers testify against oil trains in Spokane
m Smoking causes not just cancer, heart diseases
m No New MERS-CoV Cases Detected - Health Director-General
e Movie Review: 'Neighbors'
e 'The Bachelorette: Can Nick lose a bad attitude in one date?
t China plans carbon dioxide limit
t Attention Walmart Shoppers, Apple iPhone Price Cuts Are In Effect (In-Store Only)
m Supreme Court Refuses New Birth Control Coverage Cases
e 'It's a Small World' turns 50 with sing-along
t eScan emphasizes on IT Security Awareness Amongst Employees
t Your Guide To Watching This Week's Halley's Comet Meteor Shower
e KISS Seeking Fan Input on How to Celebrate 'Epic' 40th Anniversary
m FDA Plans Sodium Crackdown In Restaurants And Suppliers: Which Foods In  ...
e How to Avoid Ann B. Davis' Fate as a Job Seeker
b Google Earnings Impacted by Nest: What Wall Street's Saying
m Careful assessment can cut unwanted mastectomies – Study
b George Chamberlin's Money in the Morning
e James Franco NYT Review Harsh? Why 'Of Mice And Men' Star Is Angry With  ...
e HBO Releases Third "Game Of Thrones" Season 4 Trailer: WATCH
b What is Amazon Fire Phone's Dynamic Perspective display and how does it work?
t HTC One M8 review: Is this the best smartphone ever made?
t A Million Little Facebook Pieces
e 'Noah' provokes thought, concern
m Bariatric surgery more effective than intensive medical therapy for managing  ...
e 20 Facts You Didn't Know About Maya Angelou
e Vanessa Hudgens, Selena Gomez & More Sing During 'Chelsea Lately' Finale  ...
b China Admits That One-Fifth Of Its Farmland Soil Is Contaminated, Raises  ...
e Kim Kardashian Storming The Votes For Time Magazine's Most Influential List  ...
b Lufthansa walkout leads to thousands of flight cancellations
t Google purchases drone company Titan Aerospace
e Angelina Jolie hints she may run for office
b US Retail Sales Up Big
t Samsung working on virtual reality headset
t Ford rolling out 50 Year Mustang
e Robin Thicke Shares Latest Paula Video 'Still Madly Crazy'
m Sebelius resignation may give successor more room on health law
b Kellogg To Drop 'All Natural' From Some Kashi Product Labels
t Facebook Slingshot requires you to share before viewing
b Google's first quarter revenue misses Wall Street targets
e This Guy Covered Ariana Grande's 'Problem' In 20 Different Ways: Watch And  ...
e Bieber under investigation
b AbbVie sweetens offer to £30bn in effort to stir Shire's interest
t Your complete guide to the murder of net neutrality
b NY insurance exchange gets mixed reviews at sign-up deadline
t Heartbleed bug highlights banks' severe cyber security headaches
m Mumps outbreak at Ohio State could increase
t UK's Longitude prize wants you to choose humanity's biggest problem
t Security bug Heartbleed takes over Internet
e Game of Thrones Review: It's Only Wine
m Doctors to parents: Read to your kids every day, and start when they're babies
e Walter Dean Myers dies
e Watch Temples perform “Shelter Song” on Jimmy Fallon
t “Year Of Luigi” generates $456 million loss for Nintendo
t Buy Google Glass On April 15th
b Dick's Sporting Goods launches crowd-funding initiative for youth sports
b Economists Slash Growth Forecasts After Weak Consumer Spending
e Co-Stars Thought Ashton, Mila Hated Each Other
b Alstom considers GE's bid to acquire energy business
t Large crater appears at 'the end of the world'
e Bingle's footy star ex on Lohan's list of lovers
e Ellen DeGeneres to Accept Ice Bucket Challenge & Feature Inspiring Man with  ...
b Dov Charney's fall from grace & Doug Casey talks about 'Meltdown America'
b AstraZeneca surges as Pfizer confirms buyout bid
e PHOTO: Shia LaBeouf in court after shocking arrest
t Federal grand jury now investigating GM's use of faulty ignition switches
e THE WALKING DEAD Season Four Finale Preview
e Protesters criticise Thai coup, defy Army general
e The real historical event that inspired this week's huge Game of Thrones twist
e Robin Thicke Only Wants Love. And We Hate Him for It
t Scary Fanged Fish Found in North Carolina
m Sarepta Therapeutics Soars on FDA News
e Review: Another Coppola debuts with 'Palo Alto'
t Soyuz TMA-13M space taxi delivers trio of international astronauts to station
t Facebook Performs "Unethical" Psych Experiment on 700000 Users
e Listen: Lana Del Rey – “Brooklyn Baby (Snippet)”
t Driverless Cars Master City Streets
t Google Glass sale a hit with wanna-be Explorers, presents a unique research  ...
b Peter Terium (CEO Of RWE) On Energy Transition (INTERVIEW)
b Japan urges China to exercise restraint in S. China Sea
e Adele hints at new album now she's 25? The Twittersphere thinks so!
b Coldwater Creek Files for Bankruptcy, to Close Stores
e The 7 most important parts of Lana Del Rey's 'Shades of Cool' video
m Natco Pharma opposes Indian patent for Gilead's hepatitis drug
e Star Wars: Return of the cast
t Nintendo reports £57m first-quarter loss following Wii U sales disappointment
t How to make Larry Page's part-time utopia work
e Harry Potter married and going gray in new J.K. Rowling story
t Neanderthals Ate Vegetables Study On Fossilized Feces
b Symantec Dismisses CEO Bennett - Analyst Blog
b Impact on Chinese rival internet stocks in HK
t Report: 44% Of Twitter Accounts Have Never Issued A Single Tweet
e Jack White Unveils June Album 'Lazaretto' With 'High Ball Stepper'
e 'Wish I Was Here' N.Y. Premiere: Zach Braff, Cast on Kickstarter Benefits  ...
e Sound Off: Disney's 'Muppets Most Wanted' - What Did You Think?
e Tribeca Film Festival Selects Brightcove Video Cloud to Deliver Video Content to  ...
t Bitcoin: MIT to Give $100 in BTC to Each Undergrad
e 'Game of Thrones' Finale Postmortem: Tales From a Dearly Departed Cast Member
t Sony To Offer PlayStation 4 To Chinese Gamers: Will They Be Interested?
m The way strangers Photoshopped this baby's picture will touch your heart
e 'Twilight' star Nikki Reed separates from husband Paul McDonald
b Marketwired to Halt Direct Feed to High-Speed Traders -- Update
t Nintendo losses jump despite 2.82m Mario Kart 8 sales and Wii U boost sales
e TV Preview: '24' producers return to 'Live Another Day'
e First lady calls on nation to welcome returning veterans into the workforce
t Samsung mobile sales down 4 per cent, but still turning a huge profit
m Scent of Male Scientists Triggers Stress Response in Rodents; Study Finds
b BNP Paribas to Reinforce Primary Dealer Role as Rivals Struggle
e Pop star Katy Perry launches record label through Capitol
t Samsung's rumored Bond-like smartwatch may make and take calls
e Today's Alluring Links
e Glastonbury may end after 50th anniversary
b Hewlett-Packard aims to cut 11000 to 16000 more jobs by October
e Michael Chiklis Joins Cast of American Horror Story: Freak Show
b Facebook Buys Video Advertising Platform LiveRail
b 'Sony still a Walkman in an iPad age'
e For all the ways they rock, we salute AC/DC: Their five fiercest songs
b San Bruno Seeks Independent Monitor to Oversee CPUC
t How Tim Cook Is Taking Steve Jobs' Advice to Heart as Apple's CEO
e Soul Man: 'Get On Up' chronicles the life of James Brown
b JetBlue pilots vote to join ALPA
m Chimerix Ready To Treat Ailing Josh Hardy After Public Outcry
t LG's probably going to announce the G3 and G Watch on May 27th
m Researcher finds archaic skeleton with cancer
t Newsmaker: Dr Dre
t Google locks down Android Wear, Android Auto and Android TV UI
t Google Acquires Songza
t Sources: Microsoft planning biggest round of job cuts in 5 years
t YouTube launches new studio app, adds features for donations, fan-made subtitles
b Bank of America fined over bad loans
b FOREX-Dollar bulls hear hawkish hint from Yellen, inflation lifts sterling
m Measles outbreaks grow across US
m Restaurants most common source of norovirus outbreaks, CDC says
m More rain means more mosquitoes this summer
t An old workhorse satellite spins back up
b Think You're Uncomfortable Now? Check Out These (Possible) New Airline Seats
t Chat LIVE with EMC's Jeremy Burton : “Ask me anything”
e Tracy Morgan Upgraded to Fair Condition
e Aereo CEO Speaks on Future of Company, Industry
t Microsoft challenging US court on overseas data
e Kris Jenner: Robert Kardashian Had 'Integrity' During OJ Trial – WATCH
t Facebook Joins Google In The Hunt For The Future
b Bank of America Cancels Buyback, Dividend Hike
e Valerie Harper, center, with the cast of 'Signed, Sealed, Delivered.' (Katie Yu  ...
b URGENT - Libya PM
m UN: Global AIDS Epidemic Can Be Tamed by 2030
b Money Tuesday Morning Preview #Hounews
e Nicole Kidman, Keith Urban sing for sick children
t Twitter Inc (TWTR) Goes Down [UPDATED]
m DFA raises Alert Level 2 in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone on Ebola outbreak
t Yahoo, Inc. (YHOO) Misses Q2 EPS by 1c; Display Revs Fell 7%
e Cinco de Mayo 2014: Walmart, Target, Costco; What's Open and Closed? Trader  ...
t Google launches Glass in London
b CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-Target removes CEO in wake of devastating cyber  ...
b CFPB Moves to Free Student Loan Borrowers from Defaults Caused by Co-Signers
t Glass moves to UK as Google broadens Explorer programme
b Mickey Rooney's ties to Boys Town will endure
e Angelina Jolie's evil turn in 'Maleficent'
b City forced to drain 38m gallons of water after second man urinates in reservoir
t Parrot's Bebop Drone is your fisheye in the sky
b Caesars says it will close Showboat in Atlantic City
e Wyatt Earp's gun sells for €163000
t Microsoft releases final fixes for Windows XP, Office 2003
e Massimo Vignelli dies at 83, graphic designer devised NYC subway map, AA  ...
e Bay-hem: Transformers director Michael Bay on the art of blowing things up
e Glen Campbell, Country Legend, Moved to Care Facility
t Hearthstone Curse of Naxxramas iPad release
t Smartwatches Behaving Badly: User Gripes
b Micros Systems reportedly near deal to be acquired by Oracle for $5 billion
e Adam Levine Gains Platinum Status With His Hair
t Mars Before the Moon
e Zach Galifianakis Will Be In A New FX Series Co-Created By Louis CK
t IBM launches zero-day security, threat and data protection program
e Dancing With the Stars Season 18: Meryl Davis and Maksim Chmerkovskiy Win!
b Candy Crush Saga to launch in China
t Apollo 11 moon landing thrilled Harrisburg residents 45 years ago: Evening  ...
m Local youth take action on Kick Butts Day
b Microsoft reports Commercial segment growth in third quarter results
e Speed blamed for crash that killed 'Fast & Furious' star Paul Walker
e Mickey Rooney, 93, RIP
m Has the Humble Handshake Had its Day?
t Business Wire
e Michael Jackson's New 'Xscape' Album: What We Know So Far
t Titanfall helps Xbox One sales in the UK
t Microsoft sets official Nokia acquisition completion date…
t Can Microsoft's Surface Pro 3 Really Kill Off Laptops?
m Effectiveness prompts Novartis to end drug study
m Gene Called KL-VS Make Us Smarter And More Intelligent: Study
t Full Moon, Solar Flare on Friday the 13th: Should You Be Afraid?
b Morning MoneyBeat Europe: US Absence Points To Becalmed Friday
e LeBron James Named Second Most Powerful Celebrity To Beyoncé
b BSkyB seeks to combine with Sky in Italy and Germany
e Beloved 'Brady Bunch' star Ann B. Davis dies
e Lupita is People's 'Most Beautiful'
e Drama: Texas teens got very emotional on Twitter over 'The Fault in Our Stars'
b Five Guys, Chipotle continue to take bites out of McDonald's sales
t Google Updates Terms of Service on Email Scanning
b Vince Changing Plans Causing Problems Backstage, How HHH Is Viewed
e Mike WiLL Made It Shuts Down Miley Cyrus Feud
b US Stock Markets Finish in the Green Friday; Oil Futures Notch 2014 Record
t HTC Sense 6: Exciting New Features
e VIDEO: Sneak Peek - 'The Laws of Gods and Men' on Next GAME OF THRONES
b Global outlook needed for aviation industry: Association
b DAILY BRIEFING: Wall St. report
e Steven Spielberg Locks In Next Two Films With Official Release Dates
e Thai ex-minister who criticised coup detained
b NTSB faults pilots in crash
e Dancing With the Stars (Video) – Season 18 Episode 10 – The Finals, Part 1  ...
t Amazon Makes Kindle Unlimited Official
e Katherine Heigl: 'I just couldn't stop making rom-coms'
t Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) Launches Kindle Unlimited
e Casey Kasem's contributions as a voice actor recognized
t NJ Night Sky: Brightest star in Leo winks out
t Sprint Corporation (S) Earnings Report: Bullish or Bearish? T & VZ
e The Walking Dead: Who are the Cannibals?
b Wal-Mart Wild Oats: New Products to Arrive in Stores
e Kim Kardashian Opens Up About Baby North, Blogs Her Fears of Raising Her in  ...
b Abbott walks China-Japan tightrope
t HTC commits to rapid Android L rollout for One-series smartphones
e Church activities: April 19, 2014
e EXCLUSIVE — Justin Bieber's Legal Trouble in Miami Isn't That Bad  ...
e Mania Review: How to Train Your Dragon 2
m How did D.C, Virginia and Maryland compare in latest County Health Rankings?
b Marathon Petroleum to buy Hess's retail, transport business
e Lady Gaga's 'GUY' Isn't A Music Video—It's Clearly A Metaphor For The Vicious  ...
t Siri software maker Nuance in sale talks: WSJ
e Lock Up Your Children: Blended 'Will Make Them Stupid'
e At multimedia-rich Tribeca Film Festival, movies are only part of the story
t IBM Touts Open Servers, Teams With Google to Tap Big Data
b Ranbaxy shareholders cheer $3.2-billion deal with Sun Pharma; stock can rally  ...
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Confirmed Killer Exynos Performance to Blow  ...
m Well WIshes Follow Jim Kelly to NYC
b Hess To Sell Retail Business To Marathon Petroleum For $2.6 Bln cash
e Ranking the 'Dancing with the Stars' Semi-Finalists
e Palestinian Christians 'kept from holy sites'
m Flesh-eating bacteria rampant in Florida waters
m Guidelines call for wider use of statins
t Yahoo News Digest comes to Android
b Yellen, FedEx to offer clues as short-seller sting returns to markets
m Does your sunscreen really protect like it promises?
b J.P. Morgan Pledges $100 Million to Help Rebuild Detroit
e James Gunn Weighs In On Edgar Wright / Ant-Man Split
b US corn near 3-week high on planting delay, wheat eases
b World stocks, copper and oil fall after weak China exports
b Two Britons arrested in Nigeria oil theft
t Microsoft's 'FIRST NOKIA' For £89
e Australia strips Rolf Harris of honours
m Is Justina Pelletier better off without her parents?
b Closing Update: An Apple A Day Keeps The Bears Away, But Ukraine Sours  ...
e MTV Movie Awards fashion of years past
e James Franco and Seth Rogen film angers North Korean leader Kim Jong-un
e NBC Going Live With 'Music Man' Remake
b Gazprom CEO accuses Ukraine of being 'unconstructive' in gas talks
b Pfizer's Acquisition Aims Can't Prop up the Dow
b ObamaCare's Indefinitely Extended Deadline
m Antioxidants In Red Wine May Not Prolong Life
t Tibetan genetics Life at the top
m HIV Turns 30 Today
m InterMune (ITMN) Reports Significant Data from Phase 3 ASCEND; Missed  ...
e 'Dancing With the Stars' Recap: Who Took Home the Mirror Ball Trophy  ...
t Xbox One Goes to China
e Remembering Michael Jackson: Five Years Later
e 'Neighbors' knocks out 'Spider-Man'
e True Blood Shocker! Show's Latest Victim Speaks Out
b TreeHouse Foods To Buy Flagstone Foods For $860M
t Lunar Eclipse Facts: 5 Neat Things About Tonight's 'Blood Moon'
b Gold, Silver Post July Losses; US Mint Bullion Sales Tumble
t Edmonton in on Google's 'Pokémon Master' joke
t China's e-commerce giant is aggressive and will be flush with cash
m Victoria doctor quarantines himself after Ebola exposure
b Sebelius returns to Texas ahead of health care deadline as Texas lags behind  ...
e Obama: 9/11 museum is 'a sacred place of healing and hope'
b US stocks fall on jitters over earnings, tech rout
e Entertainer Mickey Rooney's long life in show business included many South  ...
b What you need to know: Alibaba's IPO filing lands at the SEC
t Adobe Voice for iPad creates audio, video presentations quickly and easily
t Facebook 'Connectivity Lab' to extend global web access
e Kim Kardashian Says Her And Kanye West Are NOT Married And Won't Film  ...
e Box Office 2014 Update: 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier' Defeats 'Rio 2  ...
e Get Your First Glimpse at Batman vs. Superman's Batmobile
b Sun Pharma-Ranbaxy merger to create India's largest pharma company
b Lafarge in talks with Holcim for merger
e Helpful Tips this Fourth of July Season
b French bank BNP guilty of violations
b American Apparel Inc (APP) Gets $25M From Standard General
e Shhhhh! The Baby Is Sleeping: Kim Kardashian Silences Paparazzi So North  ...
b US auto sales climb in March
e Review: 'Transformers' — way, WAY more of the same
t BlackBerry Messenger Surpasses 85 Million Active Users, Windows Phone to  ...
e Rolling Stones 14 On Fire Tour postponement losses estimated at $10 million
b Memorial Day Road Travelers Expected To Hit 10 Year High Says AAA
m Unicef Airlifts 68 Tonnes of Supplies to Liberia, Ramping Up Ebola Response
b NYSE Group CEO Niederauer resigns
b Argentina: Fresh default fears
e Retailer removes shirt that resembles Holocaust uniform
m world briefs
b Obama wants to stop overseas tax breaks
e Eurovision Song Contest 2014: Interview with UK entrant Molly Smitten-Downes
b Vodafone to Buy Cobra Automotive -- Update
m Remember me on this computer
t Apple iPhone 4S vs Motorola Moto X - Top Specification and Prices Comparison
b Glenn Greenwald On Dean Baquet: A 'Disturbing History' Of Journalism  ...
e James Rebhorn, character actor who appeared in 'Homeland,' 'My Cousin Vinny  ...
e WATCH: Oprah Winfrey's Original Audition Tape Surfaces
m Walmart Recalls Dolls That Are Literally Too Hot To Hold
e Lamont man on Bachelorette
b Hong Kong Shares May See Quick Rebound
t Atlas V rocket set to launch Thursday from Space Coast
t Google Street View Now Lets You Travel Back in Time
b RI's unemployment rate highest in US
t Amazon set to enter smartphone market to take on Samsung, Apple
e Macy's 4th of July: Ariana Grande performs 'Problem' (pre-taped) on NBC special
e 'Star Wars' Is Already Being Cheapened With A Charity Tie-In — But You Could  ...
b Southwest launches fare sale for post-Wright flights at Love Field
b EUR Shorts Want Action No Talk From ECB
e “Transformers” Makes $100 Mil in 3 Days, Sets Record for Fun, Mindless  ...
b Big Week Ahead with Eyes on Fed
t 5 Million Microsoft Xbox One Consoles Sold Since November Launch
t The Trailer for the New Sci-Fi 'Civilization' Game Just Gave Me a Chill
b MAS air crews reeling after disasters
e And now for something completely different? No, but Monty Python still packs in  ...
b Malaysian plane mystery is like trying to solve a crime without a body, witness  ...
e The New 'Star Wars' Movies Won't Be Connected to the Expanded Universe
m FDOH In Leon County Addresses County Health Rankings
b BUDGET 2014: What to look out for
e New Michael Jackson Album Set For Release In May
b Ag markets generally mixed to weak Monday morning
m Doctor who risked life to treat others dies from Ebola
t Samsung to launch new smartwatch design - report
t Happy early April Fools' Day: Google is looking for Pokemon Masters
m 1 in 8 US Children Suffer Maltreatment by Age 18, Study Finds
b European stocks steady after Spanish PMI, eyes on ECB; Dax up 0.07%
t Sony reveals PS4 VR headset, Project Morpheus
e Comical characters make 'Guardians' great
e Cinco de Mayo celebration on the Fulton Mall Sunday
e James Rebhorn, Veteran Character Actor and Homeland Star, Dies at 65
e Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice, Official Title of Much Anticipated  ...
m 'Billions spent on ineffective swine flu drug Tamiflu'
t Full lunar eclipse visible across San Diego tonight
e Jay-Z's Made in America Coming to Los Angeles
b VIDEO: Jet disaster averted in Barcelona near-miss
b Men's Wearhouse bid of $1.8 billion suits Jos A Bank just fine
b AbbVie to acquire UK drug maker Shire for $54B
e Clothing Retailer Yanks Shirt That Resembles Holocaust Prison Uniform
e Oh, 'Mother': An Awful End To A Long Love Story
e Aaliyah Biopic Starring Zendaya in the Works at Lifetime
e Pharrell Cries Tears of Joy Over 'Happy' on 'Oprah' [VIDEO]
b Fannie Mae And Freddie Mac Cut Back 2014 Housing Forecast
t Five major new features in iOS 8
b Regulators' To-Do List Just Got a Lot Longer With AT&T/DirecTV
t Ray-Ban makers to design Google eyewear
m Scientists use cloning to make stem cells matched to two adults
b EPA seeks to cut power plant carbon by 30 percent
e Bobby Womack, a Cleveland-born Rock Hall member, dies at 70
e Lindsay Lohan - Lindsay Lohan Sparks Fresh Romance Rumours
t Antarctic ice sheet collapse 'unstoppable'
t Microsoft Cuts The Price Of Its Now-Dated Surface Pro 2 Tablet Hybrid
t eBay hack under investigation
t States begin investigation of eBay cyberattack
e NYT's Larry Kramer Profile Explores a Full, Complex Career
t Amazon Reportedly Testing E-Book Subscription Option
t Iranian judge summons Mark Zuckerberg to court over privacy concerns
b Fannie Mae's Q1 Net: $5.3 Bil
b Fed Chair Yellen Offers no Timetable on Raising Rates
t There Is No Meaningful Difference Between Tea Party and 'Establishment  ...
t Apple Says iOS, OS X not Vulnerable to Heartbleed Security Flaw
m Seniors saved 11.5 billion on prescription drugs since 2010 GAO: States relying  ...
e Eli Wallach had the power to illuminate a character on stage and screen
b Low-profile gorman makes the numbers work for Morgan Stanley
t In 2 Decades Scientists Could Discover Alien Life
t Google ads on car dashboards, watches soon
m HealthCare.gov CEO Named By Obama Administration
b Why is Amazon Paying Workers Up To $5K To Quit?
e Why Physicists Are In A Film Promoting An Earth-Centered Universe
b Philadelphia rail service resumes after Obama intervenes in strike
m Ebola Outbreak in Africa: WHO Enumerates Three Key Factors that Contribute to  ...
b Consumer spending in May was disappointingly weak - WBOC-TV 16  ...
e Blunt reveals new toughness in 'Edge of Tomorrow'
b U.S. Stocks Hold Their Gains
e Seeing and Believing at Easter Time (John 20:1-18)
e Justin Bieber Goes Public With Yovanna Karen Aquino Ventura
b Yahoo posts anemic quarterly growth, turnaround chugs along
e New 'X-Men: Days Of Future Past' Clip Gives Us X-Men In Action
b P&G profit up 37% on cost cuts, higher home care sales
t SpaceX films Falcon 9 vertical takeoff and landing with a drone
t Fiscal Q2 2014 Numbers Positive for Apple's iPhone as iPad, iPod Take a Hit
t Google's diversity data reveals largely white, male workforce but striving for  ...
b Apple Reportedly Plans to Acquire Beats for $3.2 Billion
e Recording leaked of Britney Spears track with no auto-tune
t Busting a fresh move in Destiny gives you an advantage in competitive multiplayer
e The 7 best GIFs from the latest Destiny's Child mini reunion
b Long-Term Mortgage Rates Rise; ARM Prices Hold Steady
t FTC slams T-Mobile for knowingly billing hundreds of millions in bogus charges
e Celebrate Easter in St Albans district
t Apple iOS 8, OS X 10.10 Release Date Coming Fall 2014: WWDC Keynote  ...
e Aereo launches advocacy website as Supreme Court date looms
b NC jobless rate falls below US average
e Justin Bieber Compares Himself To James Dean, Should Have Probaby  ...
m The beneficial nutrients of dark chocolate in pill form: What fun is that?
e Muppets Most Wanted Is a Great Caper
e Upcoming Bachelorette Contestant Dies After Awful Paragliding Accident! Get  ...
e PHOTO | What stamp sells for record $9.5 million in New York?
b Eurozone Inflation Drop Seals Deal for ECB Action
b This summer will change the internet and media forever
t An Earth-size Diamond in the Sky: The Coolest Known White Dwarf Detected
b Can Toyota make the new 2015 Camry XSE sexy?
b Market overview: M&A deals lift US stocks
b Can Uber Achieve $10B Plus Valuation?
b Tesla Hopes to Swap Chinese Graphite for North American Materials
e Joan Rivers Blasts Lena Dunham's Weight
e Macaulay Culkin's band pelted with beer, boos at music festival
b Protest day for fast-food workers planned for more than 30 countries
b TrueCar.com owner's shares rise about 15 pct in debut
b US economic growth in Oct.-Dec. qtr revised upward to 2.6%
e WATCH | New Cleveland footage of 'Captain America'
b Iran Khodro Resumes Car Exports to Russia
t Rajeev Suri, former expatriate in Nigeria heads Nokia
m Girls labeled fat at age 10 are more likely to be obese at 19, say researchers
b Russia Is In Recession – IMF
e Look Back at Maternity Style Pro Kourtney Kardashian's Pregnancy Fashion  ...
e Jupiter Ascending 2nd Trailer: Channing Tatum Searches for Mila Kunis
m Baylor's St. Luke's Medical Center Sponsors Annual Transplant Games of America
b Target's interim CEO apologizes to Canadians for disappointing them with their  ...
t Sony CEO Says First TV Profit in Decade Possible With Sales Miss
b German unemployment drops as economy picks up
m West Africa Ebola outbreak among 'most challenging' ever
t Samsung Galaxy S5 reviewPublish Date: Apr 15, 2014
e HBO renews 'Silicon Valley' and 'Veep'
e As in his own day, many people still resist the message of Christ
t LG teases its G Watch with a new photo on Twitter
b Treasuries lower
e Adam Levine 'Sexiest Man Alive' Sports SHOCKING New Hair Color
t 88% of world's oceans covered by plastic junk – study
m Vaccines for Children program saved more than 700000 kids in past two  ...
e 5 Steps Avril Lavigne needs to take to get her career back on track
b Base rate held
b 82 Years On, US Patent Office Strips Washington Redskins of Their Trademarks
m Ebola virus has killed 61 in Guinea since January: official
t Science Images of the Week
b Many see a combined Zillow and Trulia as still 'just an advertising platform'
t Sprint Now Offers Wi-Fi Calling To Tri-Band Samsung Galaxy S4 Users
e Jay Z's Made In America music festival is going bicoastal
e Inside the new WWI galleries at the Imperial War Museum
m Oscar Pistorius Trial: Manager Describes Runner's Paranoia Over Personal Safety
e Star Kate Winslet shines bright at Walk of Fame ceremony
t Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Plummets on Potential Competition from Apple Inc (AAPL)
e Khloe Kardashian French Montana Kissing in Public; Lamar Odom has New  ...
e Robert de Niro & Rachel Weisz Join Robert Pattinson In Idol's Eye
b S&P 500 Holds Close to Record Level as Stocks Weaken
e Brad Pitt A Part Of Maleficient Too, says Angelina Jolie
e Robert Pattinson Cast In Harmony Korine Movie
t Twitter launches mute button for annoying tweeters
b What We're Really Saying When We Talk About Jill Abramson's Firing
b US GDP growth in 2Q rebounds to 4.0%
m FDA seeks pet owner help on dangerous jerky treats
e Watch: Surviving Members of Nirvana Perform at Rock & Roll Hall of Fame  ...
t Google acquires music streaming service Songza for an undisclosed sum
t Viber launches iOS 7-optimised app for iPhone
t Beats Electronics Buyout: Apple may have just bought the company for more  ...
e Elaine Stritch: A toast to a stage legend
e Angelina Jolie Not Tightening Red-Carpet Security After Brad Pitt 'Attacked'
e Happy man dominates awards show
b Stocks End Modestly Lower
t Can HTC thrive in a Samsung world?
e Valerie Harper: 'I am not cancer-free'
b Lew: Stop firms moving abroad to dodge tax
m Progress made on 'bionic pancreas' for diabetes
e 10 Things to Know for Wednesday
e Olivia Palermo Secretly Marries Johannes Huebl In 'Quickie' Wedding?
e KFIX Rock News: Sources Claim Rumors Are False, AC/DC Not Retiring
e Rob Kardashian -- Would You Like Chicken or Fish? (OR BOTH?)
m World gets fatter faster
e Ricky Gervais and Constantine unveil new Muppets Most Wanted clip
t Microsoft gets Skype to translate languages in real-time
t Ottawa scrambles to prevent damage
b J&J Accepts $4 Billion Offer From Carlyle for Ortho Unit
b Target CEO Steps Down Following Massive Security Breach
t How Amazon Could Augment Android And Attract Developers
b Africa economy: SA 'remains important'
e YOU GO GIRL
b Symantec Corporation (SYMC) news: Symantec: The Turnaround Is Still On Track
m Alzheimer's disease can be predicted with blood test
b Toyota announces plan to close Ky. headquarters, sights set for Texas
m Gaétan Barrette says petition urging him to lose weight is 'bullying'
t Apple iPad Air Specs, Rumors, and Update: Air 2 Release Date as Early as the  ...
e get a wedding dress like Jessica Simpson's
b UPDATE – Investors shrug off Argentina brinkmanship
t Honda and Other Automakers Issue Recall Over Airbag Defect
b India cbank chief says current policy rate appropriately set
m Rhode Island reports two new cases of nasty, mosquito-borne Caribbean virus
b Crumbs nears lifeline from investors; Stock soars
b Zillow Acquires Trulia Through a Stock-for-Stock Deal at $3.5 Billion
m Autism Starts During 2nd Trimester, New Study Says
e What Really Makes Lupita Nyong'o the Most Beautiful Person?
e Beyonce Lands Time Magazine's 100 Most Influential People In The World Cover
e 'Full House' revival could be in the works, including Michigan native Dave Coulier
t Apple, Samsung back in court
t Amazon launches Fire smartphone: Building a device for Prime
e Halle Berry - Halle Berry likes stability of TV
m Health Department Alerts Public People May Be Affected with Hepatitis A From  ...
t NASA Announces Construction of New Mars Rover for 2016 to Explore Red Planet
e Did Jay Z Get Attacked By His Sister-In-Law, Solange Knowles?
e Jay Leno, more in Hollywood boycott Beverly Hills Hotel owned by Brunei sultan
e Wu-Tang Clan's new double album will be priced “in the millions,” limited to one  ...
e Kim Kardashian sisters prefer spending time with 'hubby, family and baby'
t Boeing Unveils Commercial CST-100 'Space Taxi' to Launch US Astronauts to  ...
e 'F**k You': Game Of Thrones Author Send Stern Warning To Anyone Who Thinks  ...
m Intuitive's New da Vinci Xi Robotic Surgical System Unveiled (VIDEO)
b Euro resilient near highs, to test ECB's threat on currency
b Judge rules that Penney interfered with Macy's pact with Martha Stewart
b French economist's inequality theory flawed: FT
b ADM expands presence in Asia-Pacific
e Fireworks-related incidents cause eight deaths, more than 11000 injuries in 2013
t Manuel Noriega suing Activision over appearance in Black Ops II
e Kanye West, Kim Kardashian prepare for North's first birthday?
e Anna Wintour denies Kanye West begged for Kim Kardashian Vogue wedding  ...
b Report: Obamacare Spurs Little Health Insurance Competition
e Stephen Colbert to Host 'The Late Show'
b Disney Profit Rises as 'Frozen' DVD Tops Home-Video Chart
e I'm confused by all the bunny goings on
b US Stocks Gain; Europe Equities Rise, Euro Drops on ECB Bets
m 1 In 10 U.S. Working-Age Deaths Linked To Excessive Alcohol Consumption: CDC
b Facebook slumps on Oculus deal; King Digital IPO flops
b BMW aims for new sales, profit records this year
m Pre-Diabetic Teen Drops 200 Pounds
t Amazon's Kindle Unlimited service is the digital library we've always wanted  ...
b Treasury Market Rally (IEF)
t Plug and PREY: Hackers reprogram USB drives to silently infect PCs
b US house price growth slows as demand weakens
t New Apple iPad for 2015 release?
m Worst Ebola outbreak kills 467, UN fears epidemic could spread
e Maya Angelou, poet and author, dead at 86
e 'Fury' to grip Indian audiences on Children's Day
m New Gel Offers Hope of Shielding Women From HIV Infection
e Letterman's exit a stark change from his hosting debut
b Bloomberg: Pfizer Considers Raising Bid For AstraZeneca A Second Time
e L'Wren Scott's Funeral Held at Hollywood Forever Funeral Home in Los Angeles
m Texting 1
e Melanie Harvey: Society's obsession with Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin's  ...
m Saudi Arabia reports 2 more deaths from MERS virus
t Samsung Galaxy S5 to Be Available in 125 Markets on the Globe
t Ruth: A change is gonna come
e Miley Cyrus postpones her entire U.S. tour due to illness from allergic reaction
b Market authority set to greenlight Sky Europe deal
t Xbox One July update will unlock Achievements in Snap mode
e Jay Z's touring blueprint: collaboration
m New demographic forecasts prompt a closer look at marketing to seniors
e In Pictures: Christians celebrate Holy Fire in Jerusalem
e Spirit wants Stairway to Heaven credit
e Miley Cyrus' Louisville concert could be in jeopardy due to illness
b Environmentalists Blunder On Monterey Shale Oil Claims
b Former Anglo Irish chairman cleared over share loans
e ACL releases 2014 lineup
b China Mobile capex to rise 22% in 2014, aims to sell 100 mn 4G devices
e Amazon's Deal with HBO Threatens Netflix – AMZN, NFLX
b Stocks edge higher at the start of another major week for corporate earnings  ...
e Watch This: Jay Z & Beyonce Prove Their Bond Is Unbreakable In “On The Run  ...
b 'Unusual' mix of negative growth, strong jobs: Fed's Kocherlakota
t Vertu Signature Touch goes official with high specs and price
e Birthday Bling! French Montana gifts Khloe Kardashian a diamond ring
t Sony Introduces Lifelog, SmartBand Fitness Apps For Non-Sony Devices
m Women: Say Goodbye To An Annual Ritual?
e Chelsea Handler - Chelsea Handler to quit US talk show
e Arizona man markets new form of alcohol
t Gmail HTTPs encryption now mandatory, Google rules
b Coldwater Creek to close Park City store as part of bankruptcy
m Entire City of Portland Should Boil Water After E. Coli Detected
e Jonah Hill Issues Emotional Apology for Anti-Gay Slur
e Beyonce Makes The Cover Of TIME's '100 Most Influential People' List
t Driverless cars will be trialled in up to three UK cities from January
t Sprint reports improved subscriber losses, record operating income for Q1 FY14
e Rolf Harris trial: Family accused of 'staging' their public image
e Justin Bieber Egging Assault Video Surfaces
b One of Nation's First Areas to Receive Airspace Overhaul, Completed Ahead of  ...
e Are One Direction stars smoking a 'joint' in leaked video?
e Justin Bieber shares 'Gomez love dance'
t Update Schedule For The HTC Sense 6 UI Gets Leaked
e Beyonce and Jay-Z Touring Together This Summer?
e Courtney Love - Courtney Love joins Sons of Anarchy
e 'Sopranos' creator finally reveals Tony's fate
e Khloe Kardashian Visits Paris for First Time for Kim Kardashian's Wedding  ...
e The Duke vs. Duke: John Wayne heirs suing university over name
e Sofia Vergara: Joe Manganiello Is 'Over The Moon' With His New Love
e Brad Pitt Crasher Insists He Was 'Going for a Hug' and Isn't Crazy
m Relay for Life to Return, Despite Neighbor Concerns
b VIDEO: Yellen To NYU Grads: 'You Won't Succeed All The Time'
b Wet Conditions Delaying Final Planting
e The Voice 2014 Season 6 Live Recap: Battle Rounds #1 (VIDEO)
e Jay Leno Jokes About David Letterman's Retirement! Find Out What He Said  ...
e The Voice Top 5 Revealed After TRIPLE Elimination -- See The Shocking Results!
t HD cell phone calls??
t Google maps offer time travel
b Weibo to Price its IPO at $17 per Share
e Big chance on summer festival stage
e Passion Sunday Begins Holy Week At St. Paul's Episcopal
t 6 Things Samsung Needs To Do Before I Ditch My iPhone
e Aussie rapper equals Beatles with chart double
e Drew Barrymore Half-Sister Dead in Likely Suicide
t Facebook rolls out feature to share location
t GM to move Cadillac SRX production to Tennessee
t Dark Souls 2′s De-Spawns Are Either Game-Breaking Godawful or Inspired  ...
e Lea Michele & Boyfriend Matthew Paetz Spotted Together For First Time  ...
m UN health agency working to contain Ebola outbreak in Guinea
t Review: 'Cosmos: A SpaceTime Odyssey' debuts on Fox
b Wal-Mart blames cold weather for fall in profits
b ECB hopes help stocks end Q1 on a high
b Trouble in the South China Sea
e 'Star Wars: Episode VII' Adds 2 Cast Members
e Bachelorette Bombshell: Andi Dorfman Chooses Her Man And Nick Viall Shocks  ...
t Microsoft Officially Takes Control of Nokia's Phone Business
e Justin Bieber and Chris Brown Team Up For New Single
t Nokia s phone business to be renamed Microsoft Mobile say reports
t Official: Gunmen kill Afghan judge and bodyguard
b Dow, S&P 500 end at record highs; DirecTV up late
e Mary J. Blige to sing at Kim Kardashian's wedding?
t Apple Cuts MacBook Air Prices, Sells its First Under-$900 Laptop
t iOS 8: Five things you need to know
e Kanye West sparks feud rumours after dropping Jay Z's name from song lyrics
t Apple and IBM team up to make a big enterprise push
e Game of Thrones: Where Is Ser Dontos Taking Sansa Stark?
e FILM FANS: Johnny Depp film 'Transcendence' is a disappointment
t Destiny may be the most expensive game ever made
m PHOTOS: Relay for Life in Natick
b Too cold for burgers? McDonald's blames the 'severe winter weather' after profits  ...
t Time Warner Cable's Merger With Comcast Opposed by Netflix
e Images: Good Friday Observances in the Suburbs
t Celebration of 24 years of Hubble Space Telescope Operations with Cosmic Wave
b Retirement Package Toh Bad: Russian Billionaire Ordered By Court To Pay Wife  ...
t Hawaii among states involved in airbag recall
m California tuberculosis patient found, arrested
e 'Bachelor' Juan Pablo Picks His Girl, Pisses Off Internet and Officially Becomes  ...
t T-Mobile and Samsung offer BlackBerry customers $200 to switch to a Samsung  ...
e Nick Lachey Set for E!'s FASHION POLICE: THE 2014 MTV MOVIE AWARDS, 4/14
b Turkey blocks access to Twitter by courts after complaints
e CANNES WATCH: Uma Thurman wows in canary
t Back-up cameras will be required on all new vehicles by 2018
b Oil Steadies After Big Drop on Easing Supply Fears
b Shire gets positive ruling on Vyvanse patents from US district court
m MTV The Challenge star Diem Brown diagnosed with cancer for third time
e Kitty Pride, Colossus and other mutants power up in new 'X-Men: Days of Future  ...
e What celebrity divorces tell us about 'having it all'
e Seth Rogen, James Franco mock Kim Kardashian, Kanye West Vogue cover as  ...
e Shailene Woodley Likes To Give Her Vagina &quot;A Little Bit Of Vitamin D  ...
b Caught on camera: terrifying train escape
e Kit Harington's hair has a contract
b Morgan Stanley Penalized By CFTC
e Jay Z Reportedly Agrees To Therapy To Save Failing Marriage To Beyonce
e Things Look Very Grim in the 'Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies' Trailer (VIDEO)
b US new-home sales rose in April
t CLOUD COMPUTING Hybrid Azure Starter Kit Offered by Carpathia, Equinix
t First 'Habitable' Earth-Sized Planet Confirmed
t Everything you could possibly want to know about the new HTC One (M8)
t Canada not immune to global warming: report
m Most norovirus outbreaks caused by food preparation workers
t Motorola announces Android smartwatch Moto 360
e Will Arnett Files for Divorce from Amy Poehler, Asks Joint Custody for Their Sons
m Guinea Ebola 'a regional threat': ECOWAS
b Democrats: Indiana Needs To Do More On Equal Pay
b ICAO holds meeting on global flight tracking
b Alcoa Can Be a Solid Long-Term Investment Due to Robust Aluminum Demand
b Google overtakes Apple as 'most valuable brand' of 2014 in new study
b (BW) Publicis and Omnicom Agree to Terminate Proposed Merger of Equals
t Elon Musk: I'm Worried About A 'Terminator'-Like Scenario Erupting From  ...
e Foxx: I'm not a fan of spiders!
t Microsoft Suspending Distribution of Windows 8.1 Update to WSUS Servers Due  ...
e Review: 'X-Men' finds humanity and fun in a genre
t Unlike Facebook, OkCupid shamelessly experiments on us
b The J. M. Smucker Company Announces Leadership Change And New  ...
b NAB boss Cameron Clyne: Australia in 'confidence' trap
b Australia checking 2 objects in search for missing Malaysian jet
e Shia LaBeouf released after disorderly arrest
t Fraudster to pay back £1
t India will get Google's Android smartphone in october
e 'True Blood' Boss Brian Buckner Talks Finale, Says Eric and Pam Could Make a  ...
e SHOCK VIDEO: Woman films abortion as encouragement for others
t Jailbreak iOS 7.1 Update: Apple Patches Evasi0n7 Jailbreak
e 'American Idol' recap: Release the rockers
t Raburn: Google will significantly invest in Titan
e Powdered alcohols are not approved yet
e To celebrate Lady Gaga's birthday, let's all laugh at her 50 most outrageous outfits
e Newlyweds Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Are Going WHERE on Their  ...
m ETSU obesity study
t VIDEO: Apple Sold 20 Million Apple TVs And Is Now Far From A Hobby
t Destiny Beta Trailer Released to Celebrate Bungie Day
t T-Mobile Expands Samsung Range
e Corey Haim's childhood mixtape inspired Jenny Lewis to launch music career
b Russia offers humanitarian aid to East Ukraine
m Selfie identified Ontario woman's stroke
e Solange on Jay Z: “That's my brother”
t Apple reports solid first quarter financial results
e New Batman Vs Superman Finally Revealed New Official Title And Logo
m Ebola outbreak in West Africa, death toll jumps to 603
t Viber's first major redesign makes it look right at home on the iPhone
t GM recalling nearly 29000 Chevrolet Cruzes to fix air bags
e Theater actor Ray Fisher signs to play DC's Cyborg in 'Man Of Steel' sequel
t Law Enforcement Kicks Off National Boating Campaign
m Researchers find link between ADHD and Obesity in kids
b Spanish Bonds Rise With Italy's as Month-High Yield Lures Buyers
b Tokyo investors eye next week's data
e All hail, kale
b Stocks gain slightly, but end week lower
t Apple begins set-up for WWDC 2014, wants us to “Write the code”
t WEB EXTRA: Information on GM's Recall of Small Cars
m Death Rate in Massachusetts Drops by 3 Percent Following Health Insurance  ...
e Paul Simon, Edie Brickell due in court in disorderly conduct case
t Google looking for the world's best 'Pokemon Master'. Here's how to apply
e TCM Classic Film Festival On-Site Live Blog Day Three: Star-struck by Jerry  ...
b EUR/USD Plunges to 3-Month Low on Dismal German IFO Data
e Nick Cannon sparks controversy with album promotion pictures
t Google's Street View maps add digital time capsules for visual retrospectives
e Summer Movie Preview: Seth Rogen charts young parenthood again in  ...
m Ebola under control globally: SCH official
b With new federal health law, insurers now target diabetics
e Chicago Wins George Lucas Museum
e Robin Thicke's Relentlessly Tormented On Twitter — But He Asked For It! Check  ...
e J.K. Rowling posts new 'Harry Potter' story about 34-year-old Harry
t There's No Question About This Facebook Inc Acquisition
e The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies trailer is fiery, gripping!
b Greece returns to bond markets
b Reserve Bank announces cash rate decision
t Lookout's latest feature puts phone thieves on alert
e Wall Street to open lower on Iraq turmoil
e Star Wars Episode VII: The Official Cast Revealed!
b Malaysia marks grim Eid after MH17, MH370
b Yahoo's growth delights investors
b Urban Outfitters Profit, Margins, Sales Fall Short
e Six Posters for Disney's 'Sleeping Beauty' Redux 'Maleficent'
b BMW US Plant to Be Carmaker's Biggest After Capacity Expansion
b GM profit tumbles after recall costs
b Kashi settles suit over 'All Natural'
b We will benefit from Japan deal: PM
e UPDATE 3-Eli Wallach, prolific US character actor, dies at 98
b Pandora Media Inc (P) Stock Falls After Earnings Results
e Jimmy Fallon channels Neil Young, performs 'Fancy' with Crosby, Stills Nash
b FOMC discusses exit strategy but warns rate hike not in the pipeline;
e Harry Potter's return: three things we've learnt from Pottermore
e Tracy Morgan showing signs of improvement after bus crash
b Final June 2014 Michigan Consumer Sentiment Shows A Small Improvement  ...
b Burberry warns of 'material' FX headwinds this year
t GM safety crisis grows
e Jay Z, Solange elevator fight footage surfaces
e BTS Photos: Jay Z & Beyonce's Photo Shoot For "On The Run" Tour [Update  ...
t Novartis Joins Google to Turn Smart Contact Lens Vision Into Reality
e Bella Thorne Gives The Scoop On Life In Seventeen
b Wholesale prices in rise on services as goods stagnate
b Company Took Information from Facebook to Label Millions a “Jerk” or “Not a Jerk”
e Ray J to Give Kim Kardashian Sex Tape Profits
t Microsoft to sell Xbox One in China
e Selena Gomez 'Brainwashed by Justin Bieber'
e Madonna treated like royalty after finally showing up for jury duty at Manhattan  ...
e Must Watch – MALEFICENT “The Curse Has Been Broken” Video!
b Lithium acquires San Francisco social media influence scoring platform for $200M
e Nick Cannon Sparks Internet Debate with Whiteface Character
b Clashes in Athens as Greece bailout promise fails to quell anti-austerity anger
e Agents of SHIELD Picked Up For Second Season
e Here's a Rare, Behind-the-Scenes Look at 'Dawn of the Planet of the Apes  ...
e Ossie Davis & Ruby Dee: 5 Fast Facts You Need to Know
m UNICEF Airlifts Supplies to Liberia
b Mt. Gox Finds 200000 'Forgotten' Bitcoins, Worth $114 Million
b Capital vs. labor in Minnesota -- a look at personal income
t Wheeler expands network neutrality process to include peering
b US stocks open higher after data, earnings; Dow Jones up 0.30%
t What does the 'chicken from hell' look like? See photos of new dinosaur species
t Must-see morning clip: Internet trolls, band together against the FCC!
b Pee Dee awaits impact of the Affordable Care Act
b S&P rises to over 2000 for the first time
t WWE Stars Finally Receive Their WrestleMania 30 Payoffs
e The Situation posts bond after arrest in tanning salon
b Detroit strikes 2nd deal with its other retirees - WCMH: News, Weather, and  ...
b Twitter Posts Jump in Revenue as Active Users Increase 24 Percent
b Target to gun owners: Keep firearms at home
t Climate and Cigarettes: Will the National Climate Assessment Spark Real Action?
b S&P 500 Erases Gain for Year as Tech Shares Extend Slide
e 'Guardians of the Galaxy' spans a world of summer fun
t Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 vs Retina iPad Mini – Top Specs and Price  ...
m PM: new generation of antibiotics needed to avoid 'unthinkable scenario'
t Apple Inc. vs Samsung Electronics Patent Case: Whats next?
e Pamela Anderson Reveals She Was Molested at Age 6, Raped at 12
b Squirrel $300000 Damage A Shocking Experience
e 'Dancing with the Stars' vs 'Dance Moms': Maks meets Abby Lee Miller
t Rogers Sony Xperia ZL scheduled to receive KitKat tomorrow
m Record levels of Meth seizures in Asia: UNODC
e 'Game of Thrones': Love takes a tumble
e Neil Young's PonoMusic Launching Kickstarter Campaign At SXSW
b Shell: not entering new Russia investments - New Jersey Herald
e NSPCC: 'There was darker, hidden side to Rolf Harris'
e Kim and Kanye's Wedding Photo Booth
t Playstation Network Down Again Due To Second DDOS Attack [Updated]
t Revealed: The new electric Harley
t Google claims to be building car with no steering wheel
e T.I., The Game Involved in Police Standoff After Insane Fight [VIDEO]
b Forex Market: EUR/USD retreats from 2-1/2-year highs as stronger euro seen  ...
e ​Jessica Simpson and Eric Johnson Wed In Lavish Santa Barbara Wedding
e Lena Dunham strips naked for Girls spoof while hosting Saturday Night Live
t Ford to build a 50th anniversary Mustang
m Wife: Jim Kelly Won't Get Surgery To Treat Cancer
t Tim Wu on FCC's new internet rules: Goodbye, Net Neutrality; Hello, Net  ...
b PetSmart Issues Statement Regarding JANA Partners Schedule 13D Filing
t Facebook Is Building A Whole Fleet Of Drones
t Microsoft Xbox One Titanfall Another Non-1080p Title
b Whiting pays $6 billion for Kodiak in biggest Bakken deal
t Watch: How Google's self-driving cars see the world
t Deal: Amazon has the Verizon Galaxy S5 for $99 (Upgrades and New Accounts)
t Combined iPad, Mac shipments make Apple world's largest PC vendor once again
t AT&T/DirecTV: Even More Competition in the Video Marketplace
t Tesla and Panasonic to build NOT-SO-SECRET GigaFactory in US
e Willow Smith Photographed in Bed With 20-Year-Old Actor
t Global wearable device shipments to triple in 2014: report
t Gas prices on the rise
t Facebook to launch video chat app: Report
b EMC's 1st-qtr revenue rises 2 pct
e Collins donates Alamo artefacts
e Ringling Bros. Circus: 9 Injured After Tragic Trapeze Collapse — Watch
e Armed Apes, Hapless Humans, and a Devastated San Francisco Star in 'Dawn  ...
m WHO calls urgent 11-nation meeting on Ebola
t Time Warner Cable's CEO Discusses Q1 2014 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
t White House task force charged with saving bees from mysterious decline
e Kit Harington Believes More Male Nudity On Game Of Thrones Is Only Right
t Facebook a tool for governance, better interaction: Modi
b SA backs Nigeria's economic step up
e 'The Bachelorette' Andi & Josh -- First Public Outing After the Finale
b What The Supreme Court's Greenhouse Gas Ruling Should Mean For Obamacare
e Miley Cyrus Takes Her 14-Year-Old Lookalike Sister Noah to a Nightclub
b Markets scramble to price in 2014 rate rise after Carney warning June 13, 2014  ...
b Deutsche Bank sees net profit down in first quarter
e 'The more sex I have, the more defined my arms and stomach get,' Miranda Kerr  ...
b Bacon, ham, chops prices skyrocketing
m Bill requiring health labels on sugary drinks fails in Assembly panel
t Xbox One June update brings external storage support, real names, and more
e Friends Worry Zac Efron is Back on Drugs
e 'Superman'-'Batman' Director Zack Snyder Teases Bat Mobile Reveal on Twitter
t Mild weather in Mongolia may have propelled the rise of Genghis Khan
b Wichita unemployment rate higher in January; state's rate fell
b Hague court orders Russia to pay $50 billion in Yukos case
t DNR warns boaters to drive sober
b FTSE sees US-inspired jump
t Google Outage Hits Hangouts, Chat, Spreadsheets
e DreamWorks Animation launches family-oriented YouTube channel
e Sherlock's Return Confirmed for 2015
t Novartis Partners Google For 'Smart Lens' Technology
e GODZILLA's Gareth Edwards Attached To STAR WARS Spin-off Movie
e Jennifer Lawrence Admits to Puking at Oscars Party In Front of Miley Cyrus!
t Guenon Monkeys Evolved Different Faces to Limit Interbreeding
e Obamas Catch Broadway's 'A Raisin in the Sun'
e Will and Jada Smith Under Investigation by LA Dept. of Children and Family  ...
e 'Dawn of the Planet of the Apes' gets clever Plague Inc. gaming tie-in
e Actress Elaine Stritch dies
b GM recalls 3 million more cars for ignition problems
e 'Transformers 4' dominates box office despite dismal critical reception
e Alice Cooper - Alice Cooper's Longtime Sideman Dick Wagner Dead At 71
m Minnesota Bans Antibacterial Triclosan
e Zac Efron And Seth Rogen Dress In Drag For Jimmy Fallon's 'Tonight Show' 'Ew  ...
b State media: 17 miners trapped underground after gas explosion in western  ...
e Beyonce, Jay-Z and Solange are family, and victims, too
e The Good, the Bad and the Ugly Actor Eli Wallach: 1915-2014
b Integrys Energy Shareholder Alert - Buyout Of Integrys Energy Group Inc. (NYSE  ...
b Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov Arrives in Sofia
e Lindsay Lohan's sex list … continued
b US consumer confidence improved in May on greater optimism about hiring  ...
t Microsoft tightens Windows 8 encryption with Windows 8.1 features
b Shop on Amazon directly from Twitter
t Samsung Galaxy S5's fingerprint sensor bypassed
t Toyota fined $1.2bn over recall
b GM recalls about 3.2 million cars for ignition problems
t Google confirms it's going through your emails to figure out what ads to show you
t Apple CarPlay under fire over safety concerns
e Justin Bieber And Selena Gomez Had Four Bodyguards To Protect Them At  ...
e Robin Thicke makes public apology to Paula Patton
b Canada's unemployment rate drops to seven per cent in July
e Emotions Collide In First Clips From Olivier Assayas' Cannes Entry, Clouds Of  ...
e 'The Voice' Recap: A 'Superstar' Is Born
e 10 ways to survive Game of Thrones withdrawal pains
e ABC's 'Scandal' season 3, episode 16 preview: 'The Fluffer'; Kerry Washington's  ...
m Reynolds E-Cigarettes Go National
t Apple confirms $3bn Beats buy in music services push
b UK MIDDAY BRIEFING: Shire Soars As AbbVie Confirms Approaches
t Google, Apple trashed in Chinese state press
t The Windows 9 Preview May Drop This Autumn
e Chris Brown's bodyguard found guilty of assault
t Samsung Galaxy S5 mini to go on sale mid-July
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 vs Samsung Galaxy S5 – Price and Specs Comparison
e Game of Thrones Season 4, Episode 2: [Spoiler] is Dead!
b Asian Shares Mixed
t Cousteau wants more time living underwater as it's a comfortable environment
e More 'Hollywood insiders' accused of sex abuse
t Google+ Isn't Dead. It's Just In A Coma And On Life Support
t GM recalling nearly 29K Cruzes
t Google Fit coming to Android to provide context to disparate fitness app data
e Neil Patrick Harris Replaced: Tony Nominee Andrew Rannells Steps in For  ...
t Install AICP Android 4.4.2 Kitkat ROM on LG Nexus 5
e Chris Hemworth & Elsa Pataky Welcome Twin Boys
b Citigroup Inc (C): Stress Test – Who Win, Who Lose?
e Rolling Stones return to road in Norway
t Sprint's New Facebook-Only Data Plan Is a Sad Internet Future
t Netflix hikes monthly charge to $8.99 for new users
m 7 Eye-Opening Facts About Female Infertility
m New York can end HIV crisis by 2020 – governor
m Fruits and Veggies May Reduce Death Risk, Study Suggests
m Ebola outbreak concerns
t XE16 Comes To Google Glass With KitKat OS & More Features
e Outkast goes back to 1990s hip hop at Coachella reunion
e Broadway Return of Cabaret Extends Into 2015
e Melissa McCarthy's 'Tammy' Enjoys Encouraging US Box Office Debut Despite  ...
t Netflix CEO supports net neutrality, calls out ISPs over transmission fees
e At the Box Office: Muppets Most Wanted
m Banner study could unlock Alzheimer's terrible secrets
m 8 Things You Didn't Know About Melanoma...but Really, Really Should
e American women 'Wanna Marry Harry' in Fox dating competition that stars fake  ...
m Parents won't stop using smartphones even while eating with kids
t Comcast-TWC Merger: Business-Services Market Prepares for Potential Shake-Up
t Evan Amos via Wikipedia
b Fed monthly asset purchase cut by $10bn
e Easter must influence change in lifestyles - Clergy
e Did Bachelorette Andi Dorfman Resign From Assistant District Attorney Post?
b SunTrust agrees to $320M settlement over mortgage modifications
t Sony's PSN network hacked, exec's flight diverted
t Gas Prices Fluctuate in Indiana/Illinois
t Future Cadillac Model Will Wirelessly Charge Mobile Devices
t Microsoft Surface Mini takes aim at iPad Mini with May 20 release date
m Testosterone therapy showed no increased risk for MI in older men
e RACHEL JOHNSON: Finally... this big spender has realised what cash is really for
b Aviation safety by the numbers
b Winner of Silk Road Bitcoin Auction Reveals His Identity
t Apple reports strong iPhone sales, but iPad numbers are down
b Oracle buys cloud firm Micros for $5.3bn to bolster hospitality sector expertise
b New £1 coin has 12 sides - what do you think of it?
m A bit down? Or clinically depressed?
b US Jury Hits Takeda, Eli Lilly With $9 Billion Penalty Over Diabetes Drug
e Cheeky! Moment two assistants have to rub sand onto Kim Kardashian's bum for  ...
b House Committee passes bill to reduce Postal Service door-to-door delivery
t Samsung bought two patents specifically for use in Apple trial, say attorneys
b Williams to Buy Access Midstream Partners for $5.99 Billion Cash
b Negative sentiment drives down European markets
t Michigan boy stumbles upon 10000-year-old mastodon tooth
m Study links chronic inflammation to prostate cancer
m Smart gene KL-VS beats Alzheimer
e Living sculpture of Van Gogh's ear grown using relative's cells
m Obesity surgery linked to long-lasting help for diabetes
b Pound to Dollar Exchange Rate at 5 Year Highs, But GBP/USD Forecasted  ...
e First Video Footage of Jay-Z & Beyonce's Secret Wedding Ceremony
e TV Journalist Diane Sawyer Steps Down as Anchor of 'ABC World News'
t Next Heartbleed could drain us
b Obamacare: Tuesday midnight deadline looms for last-minute health care  ...
t Why no North American company comes close to Alibaba
e George Clooney Calls Daily Mail Report "Fabricated" and Irresponsible
b Obamacare's “Reference Pricing” threatens to ration Americans' health care
t Soyuz safely docks with ISS after spacecraft skips engine burn in orbit
m Consumer Reports: Too many C-sections unnecessary
m Daily running can lower death risk
t The First Tweets of 25 Writers We Love
t Nokia's Android devices scrapped, along with 15% of staff
e Solange Covers Lucky Magazine And Talks Infamous Elevator Fight With Jay Z  ...
e Paris Haute Couture Week: what to do in Paris
t Adidas Is Launching An App That Puts Your Personal Photos On Shoes
e New music coming from Michael Jackson estate
t Microsoft Store locations to offer...
b Beijing auto show opens
b Putin voices hope for settling Ukraine gas dispute
t Financial Post: When Cyber Thieves Compare Notes, Look Out
m Why More Expensive Food just Tastes Better: Study
b China manufacturing gathers pace, Europe falters, US steady
e Celebrate Ben & Jerry's anniversary with free ice cream
b 32 Hurt After Chicago Airport Train Derails, Climbs Escalator
e Wu-Tang Clan affiliate in stable condition after alleged suicide attempt
e Enter the Intense Lives of the Characters of the Tribeca Film Festival
e Shailene Woodley finds no 'Fault' in couch surfing
b Gains in China Average New Home Prices Slow in March
b U.S. DOE awards USD 10 million for solar CSP energy storage projects
t Global Warming 'Pause' Could Last For 30 Years
b Bank for eurozone seeks transparency
m Summer Meals Blitz promotes free meals for Vernon kids
m Foster Farms recalls chicken
e New Noah Trailer – With added Emma Watson intro
b Bangladesh Marks First Anniversary Of Garment Factory Tragedy
b 49ers QB Kaepernick says Miami incident never happened
t Amazon Fire Phone is finally a real thing, but exclusive to AT&T
t Cosmic Inflation Confirmed by Gravitational Waves
e Doctors Unable to Reattach Rapper Andre Johnson's Severed Penis
b MH370: Authorities 'very confident' pings from plane as black box starts to fade
e 'Jem & the Holograms' Leading Cast Revealed: Aubrey Peeples, Stefanie Scott  ...
e TV Review: 'Game of Thrones'
t The Only Links That Still Work on the First-Ever Website
t Aereo has few options for a Plan B, but now it needs one
e 10 VMA Performances That Left You In Tears!
t 'Burger King Baby' Reunites With Mom After Facebook Plea
m How to survive the hospital
t AT&T to be exclusive carrier for Amazon smartphone: Report
e Shield' actor charged with murder after wife shot
e Paul McCartney Postpones Second Tokyo Show
b Life's like a box of chocolates for Lindt owners
e Marvel taps Scott Derrickson to direct 'Doctor Strange': report
t HTC One (M8) Case Deals on Amazon - Device Out of Stock, But Cases Aplenty  ...
e Watch: Andrew Garfield pokes fun at Beyonce fans on SNL
t Microsoft, Nokia Merger Deal: Microsoft Acquisition Completed by April 25  ...
b Nokia brand to disappear from smartphones: releases ad to show united front  ...
e Andrew Garfield - Andrew Garfield 'loves being naked'
b NTSB: Fatal Asiana crash was caused by pilots
e Actor Wayne Knight Was the Latest Victim of a Death Hoax
b $300m to Cover for Faulty Ignition Switch
t Apple Poaches Patrick Pruniaux, Watch Brand Tag Heuer's VP Of Sales
b Job openings, hirings dip in March
e Jay Z And Beyonce Release Fake Movie Trailer, SNL Clowns Fight [VIDEOS]
t Hyundai unveils the 2015 Sonata at the New York Auto Show
e Celebrity News Rita Ora rips Zac Efron's shirt off for MTV Movie Award win
m Man sues doc; says appendix was left in
e Tom Cruise is Dating Very Tall Orange is the New Black Star Laura Prepon
m Scientists have linked a new protein to Alzheimer's disease, different from the  ...
e JK Rowling's Dumbledore's Army & Harry Potter current lives' story highlights
m Mixed results in latest survey of risky youth behavior, CDC reports
b Citigroup may pay US$7bn to resolve mortgage probes - source
b May Day for farmers? Not quite, but Minnesota falling behind on planting
e Nickelodeon's 27th annual Kids' Choice Awards held at USC Galen Center in  ...
t Apple, Samsung Trade Final Barbs, Rival Damage Figures
e Kanye West Is All Smiles Following 4-Hour Train Delay, Talks About Kim  ...
t Samsung Galaxy S5: 10 Hidden Features
b Greenback firms on inflation data, sterling slips
t Nokia X Platform 2.0 will not be supported by Nokia X, X+ and XL
t Pandora valuation may rise with Apple-Beats deal
b JPMorgan Chase announces $100M Detroit investment
m Report: Muscogee gets high marks for clinical care, low ranking for overall health
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 may get an Eye Scanner
b China's plan for global yuan hits speed bumps
e Best 'Tress'-ed! Jennifer Lopez Stuns At Atelier Versace Fashion Show (PHOTOS)
b Boeing: Smaller planes means big ($360B) boost for aircraft market
e Kevin Costner: 'Draft Day' an American classic
e 'Dancing With the Stars' Season 18 Winners Maksim Chmerkovskiy, Meryl Davis  ...
e Surprise! Amazon Launches Streaming Music Service
e US TV actor Michael Jace has been charged with murder of his wife
b High-frequency trading firm Virtu to go public
m Study Reveals Fungus In Yogurt Outbreak Poses A Threat To Consumers
b Urban Outfitters - A Decent Sell-Off Creates A Long-Term Investment Opportunity  ...
t Heartbleed Internet Flaw May Have Affected Healthcare Site
b Comcast faces critics at Congressional merger hearing
e Justin Bieber apologizes for recording of racial slur
m Ireland 'well equipped' to deal with Ebola outbreak
b Surprise: ObamaCare working best in states that embraced ObamaCare
e Michael Strahan officially joins 'Good Morning America' part-time
t Take 1 dash of Flappy Bird, a dollop of Threes!, and a smidgen of 2048. What  ...
t Microsoft's Largest Restructuring In History Imminent, Company To Announce  ...
e Chris Brown is returning to Los Angeles
b US STOCKS-Futures slightly higher with indexes at records
e Kickstarter campaign for potato salad tops $10000
e Win passes to see Dawn of the Planet of the Apes in Baltimore or DC
b Check your Kindle account for your credit from the Apple ebook settlement
e It's Mariah Carey's Birthday, Celebrate With Her Best Music Video Hair Looks
m Forgotten vials of smallpox found in Maryland storage room
t Norwalk Police To Patrol For Drunken Boaters This Weekend
b Bonuses given to IRS employes who owed back taxes
e Depp's daughter doesnt find him cool
b Malaysian 777 could have been shot down: Ukrainian president
b JetBlue Pilot Vote Ends Run as Biggest Nonunion US Airline
e Jimmy Fallon is the host of "The Tonight Show."
e Taylor Swift Posts 'Family Portrait' With Famous Pals
t Google's Nest Makes Huge Bet On The 'Connected Home'
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Unlock Code Used By Staff Leaked
t Leaked doc teases Windows 9, Windows Phone 9 release schedule
b Gold rises on geopolitical tensions
m What is Ebola and why does it kill?
m Should Phl legalize marijuana as a cure?
b Mortgage Rates Still Climbing at Commerce Bank, Quicken Loans an PHH  ...
e Learn The 25 Most Important Moments In Mutant History Before "X-Men: Days Of  ...
b Diners at PF Chang's Should Check Their Credit Card Statements
t eBay user details up for sale
e 'Child of God': A Rural Version of 'Psycho'
b ECB Preview: EUR/USD Vulnerable To Verbal Intervention
e Zoe Saldana Stuns In Electric Blue While In New York!
e Lady Gaga is submissive in her relationship with Taylor Kinney: “He's totally in  ...
e Ant-Man: Director Edgar Wright exits Marvel movie
t Songza officially acquired by Google
t iOS 8 FAQ: What we know so far about Apple's next-generation mobile OS
e Alexander Wang and H&M Join Forces for the Collab of the Year
e VIDEO: Film Clip: 'Palo Alto'
t Xbox One has just become a sweet deal in Canada
t Why the Corvette vs 911 Rivalry Will Rage on Forever
e Efron: Rogen was my God
e PM BUZZ: Ray- J's New Sextape; Madonna's Armpit Hair Shocks The Internet  ...
b Spring arrives in housing market as sales rise
b Microsoft Announces Office for iPad, Freemium Download, Available Now
b Euro Area Deflation – A Turning Point?
t Moto E: Specs, Release Date, Price For Motorola's New Mid-Range Smartphone
m Blogger refuses to cover up realities of weight loss
e The secrets of happiness
m Detroit suburb to ticket teens and young adults caught swearing downtown
b Morgan Stanley Beats Earnings Expectations By A Hair
b Google sees spending $30B buying foreign firms
b Kansas residents to receive $1.4 million from e-book settlement
t Netflix Price In Canada Just Went Up By $1
e Flesh Eating Zombie Fan? Good News, The Walking Dead's Official Spin-Off  ...
b Vietnam boat capsized after harassing Chinese ship: Xinhua
b Amazon's Fire Phone launch offers a warm platform for growth
t SpaceX Dragon Capsule Captured By Space Station
e Channing Tatum and Jonah Hill on '22 Jump Street,' the Anti-Sequel Sequel
b Stocks Seeing Modest Weakness Ahead Of Fed Announcement - US Commentary
e HBO original programming coming to Amazon Prime Instant Video
e ReThink Review: Life Itself -- On Roger Ebert and Why I Review Movies
e All 'American Idol' Judges Will Return for Season 14
b Nissan quarterly profit up due to healthy sales, cheap yen
t World's 'biggest dinosaur' discovered in Argentina
e Scarlett Johansson Stuns In Vivienne Westwood On The Red Carpet
e Matt Damon Uses Toilet Water To Complete The ALS Ice Bucket Challenge  ...
t Apple Introduces Entry-Level iMac for $1099
m Life expectancy for Australian men third-highest in world, says WHO
e Billboard Music Awards: Watch the Red Carpet Live Stream (Video)
e Captain America sequel defends U.S. box office title for second week
e Katy Perry 'Mad' Robert Pattinson Ignored Her At 'Rover' Party
t Has NASA Found The First Exomoon?
t OKCupid calls for Firefox boycott over CEO's Proposition 8 support
b Intesa intends to strengthen its presence in the Balkans
m New smartphone app for recovering alcoholics includes a panic button
e Ann B. Davis, Alice from 'The Brady Bunch,' Has Died
e True Blood became the wildest fantasy allegory the gay rights movement could  ...
b The dollar index was last at 80.205
e Spokesman Denies L'Wren Scott Reports
t West Antarctic glacier thaw now 'irreversible,' study finds
t Google set to translate the real world: firm buy app that can translate anything  ...
e 'Grey's Anatomy' Alum Katherine Heigl Withdraws $6 Million Lawsuit Against  ...
b Are US banks too big and complicated to manage?
t Microsoft Office Now On iPad
e Jon Hamm Worked on Soft-Core Porn Movies: 'It Was Soul Crushing'
b Target CEO leaves company
e Amazon Introduces Prime Music
m NYC Soda Ban Rejected by State's Highest Court
b Rumor: Beats CEO in talks to join Apple as 'special advisor' to Tim Cook
t Treasury Had No Information on GM Ignition Defect, Wilson Says
e Chris Martin Is Finally Sick Of Gwyneth Paltrow
e Cinco de Mayo deals
b Coca-Cola To Drop Controversial Chemical From Its Drinks
m Mother s Day an Ideal Platform to Fight Breast Cancer
e Ice Bucket Challenge raises almost $100 million for ALS -- and counting
e Rolling Stones Will Play First Concert In Israel
b Walmart to Visa: Give us our money back!
t Home Community Amateur radio enthusiasts take to the airwaves en...
e Lady Gaga And Tony Bennett Stop By The 'TODAY' Show For A 'Cheek To  ...
e Walter Dean Myers, children's author, dies
t Google Inc. (GOOG) Introduces Updates for Android Platform at developer  ...
t Oracle Scores Big In Copyright Ruling Against Google – ORCL, GOOGL
b GM wasn't the only company to spend a bunch of money on recalls this quarter
e Khloe Kardashian's Boyfriend French Montana Allegedly Called 'Deadbeat Dad  ...
e Rolf Harris paintings worth 90% less following guilty verdict
t Google Just Upped the Ante in the Wearables Game
t Kepler-10 star system has a mega-Earth!
t Big Bang theory adds evidence for universe's early growth spurt
t Apple Cuts MacBook Air Prices By $100 and Improves Hardware
m WHO Declares Spread of Polio a Public Health Emergency
e Jesse Helt, 22, originally from Oregon, accepted the Video of the Year Award on  ...
b When calling the IRS, be prepared to wait
e Candice Swanepoel tops Maxim's Hot 100
e The Latest Details on Kim and Kanye's Wedding
e Jay-Z Involved In Extortion Plot Over $20M Recordings
b Dow hits record high as US job numbers soar
t Gas prices hold
e Beyoncé And Jay Z's Crazy New Trailer Is The Best-Looking Heist Movie You'll  ...
e 'American Idol XIII' top 6 song spoilers: What Jena Irene, CJ Harris, Sam Woolf  ...
b Gold prices up in Asia as bargain hunters snap up supplies
b GM issues new recalls involving more than a million vehicles
t GM's 2014 Recall Tally Tops 20 Million As Ignition-Switch Recall Doubles
t Microsoft said to announce job cuts
e Fall schedule analysis: Fox bets everything on Europeans
m Smartphone app proves valuable to recovering alcoholics in study
t What's clogging up Netflix? FCC investigates Net logjam
e Miley Cyrus Cancels 30 Mins Before Show -- Too Sick to Sing
t Microsoft Xbox One Lags PS4 U.S. Sales, Gap Narrowing
t Russian spacecraft brings three-man crew to ISS after two-day delay
e 'Cinema is dead,' says Tarantino
b Cramer dreading Alibaba IPO 'like the plague'
m Vitamin D deficiency leads to premature death
e Who, what, why: What happened to Rolf Harris's portrait of the Queen?
t Katharine the shark tweets from the ocean
e Get Ambushed by Another Teaser for True Blood Season 7
t Matias Duarte Interviewed about Android L and Material Design
e L'Wren Scott leaves her estate to Mick Jagger
e 'Doctor Strange': Scott Derrickson says Marvel film will be his next
t French Revolution to take center stage in new Assassin's Creed title
e Kendall Jenner Walking For Chanel Couture Proves Karl Lagerfeld Is Now Team  ...
m Ground beef recalled for E. coli linked to 11 illnesses
e Elizabeth Olsen And Dakota Fanning Make A Pact To Lose Their Virginity In  ...
t For $3 Billion, Apple Buys Dr. Dre's Beats Electronics
e Kit Harington's 'hair contract'
t Microsoft Surface Mini will release with tailored apps
b Boeing Might Be Copying Apple's Innovation Policies But It Doesn't Understand  ...
t Facebook takes another step towards future-proofing itself with Oculus deal
t Google's Nest Introduces Developer Program to Connect Houses
b Why DSW Inc (DSW) Stock Is Plummeting Today
m “Spring into Good Health” with a fun-filled event Saturday, March 15, at Glass  ...
t Google Chromecast arrives in Europe: undercuts Apple, Roku
b Engine data shows missing flight was airborne for five hours: WSJ sources
e Skip the Ice Bucket, Help ALS By Eating Dinner
e Khloe Kardashian Has Impacted American Baby Names: Find Out How!
b Oracle Drops 6%: FYQ3 Revenue $9.3B Misses; EPS $0.71
b China March official manufacturing PMI edges up
b Bank of America to pay US$9.3b to settle mortgage bond claims
e Who are the Guardians of the Galaxy?
b MARKET COMMENT: European Stocks Advance, Euro Falls After ECB Meeting
t BlackBerry signs deal with Amazon, to offer 240000 Android apps
e Make Mom feel special in 2014 with some of these tasty recipes
b Survey: Epic ranks among Google, Facebook for employee benefits
t Wales goes dark as world marks Earth Hour
e How Kate's parents are cashing in on kids' bracelet craze - two months after their  ...
b Walmart stays top of Fortune 500 list after posting nearly $500bn revenues
e Game of Thrones: “The Lion and the Rose” (Season 4: Episode 2) Recap/Analysis
b Medicaid Expansion Less Costly Than Expected
e Music video shows happy side of Juarez
e 'Mad Men' return is just right
t Female GitHub programmer quits due to “gender-based harassment”
b UK and US rival emerging markets in manufacturing
b Wheat Markets Have Slight Gain on Tuesday
t MacBook Air Retina 2014 release date in October as Best Buy discounts  ...
b Technology sector fuels strong rally at Wall Street
e Matt Damon Takes ALS #IceBucketChallenge – With Toilet Water!
e Lady Gaga releases first look at video for GUY
e 'Game of Thrones' Recap: New Lannister Threat Hits King's Landing
b Argentina Teeters on the Brink of Default
b US STOCKS-Intel lifts Wall St, but indexes set for lower week
b Obama: Unequal pay 'ain't right'
b TECH STOCKS: Amazon, Adobe Get Attention From Tech Investors
t After an Uproar, European Regulators Question Facebook on Psychological  ...
e Mad Men Recap: That Was Weird
t Welcome to the new 10News.com
b Oil slips as Middle East tension cools
t Prime Minister advocates use of Facebook to attract more tourists
e Cheerleader's hunting photos causes Internet outrage
b TIMELINE-Men's Wearhouse seals deal to buy Jos. A. Bank
e Olivia Wilde welcomes baby boy
e His N Hers! Khloe Kardashian And French Montana Arrive At LAX In Matching 'I  ...
b Stocks slide as momentum names resume weakness, Twitter -18%
b Derailed train cars in Lynchburg will be moved soon
e 'Star Wars: Episode VII' Filming To Commence in May in UK; Film 'To Star 3 New  ...
b Stocks fall in afternoon trading; oil prices surge
e Movie review: The Fault in Our Stars — a movie that earns your tears
b Bank fine by US stirs French ire toward Hollande
b Weekly Jobless Claims Decline to Lowest Level Since 2007
t Both Good and Bad News in New Air Pollution Report
t Facebook Takes Aim At Failed Snapchat Acquisition With Slingshot
e First Look at Jamie Dornan as Christian Grey in 'Fifty Shades of Grey'
e “Idol'”s Dexter Roberts Drops “Chevy” Lyric From “Cruise”
t Bike, Bus and Walk week calendar is full of free or cheap activities
m Health Plans Should Cover Birth Control, Majority Says
t 2013-2014 Ford Escape, C-Max Hybrids Recalled For Two Flaws, 692700  ...
e Met Gala 2014: a gigantic red carpet gallery
b US employers add 209K jobs in July, black unemployment rate rises slightly
e Orphan Black renewed for season 3
b Sterling remains strong ahead of GDP data
b Biz briefs: New Hillshire bid from Greeley firm
t Google Announces Android SDK For Wearable Technology
b Insider Selling: Google CEO Unloads 33332 Shares of Stock (GOOG)
e Ice Cube defends Paul Walker comments
b As deadline arrives, Americans still disapprove of Obamacare
m WHO calls on countries to raise tobacco taxes
t Atari games dug up from 'grave' after 30 years
t Windows 8 Banned from Chinese Government Computers
e Kate Middleton Packs A Pop Of Color With TWO Perfect Looks In London!
t If AT&T-DirecTV deal OK'd, consumers will see changes
b BofA Merrill Lynch Rebrands 401(k) Adviser Unit
e Hey, American Airlines: Not every Twitter threat needs to be taken seriously
e Adele Drops Hint for Third Album '25'
b Atlantic City casino workers 'heartbroken,' but analysts say shutdown needed to  ...
t Facebook can now tell what song you're listening to
b Protesters arrested in pay fight at McDonald's headquarters
e 'True Detective' moves to California for season two, says HBO screenwriter Nic  ...
e Celebrating the fifth of May
t NetApp, Microsoft Partner To Extend Private Storage To Microsoft Azure Public  ...
b Detroit bankruptcy judge: DWSD water shutoffs causing 'bad publicity' for city
t Univision CEO joins small, mighty group of Comcast merger critics
m MERS Virus News Update: Confirmed Cases on the Rise in Saudi Arabia
b Thousands of workers protest over unpaid social benefits in China
e Editorial: Renewal on Easter Sunday
b Dudley Sees 'Relatively Slow' Tightening Pace Once Rates Rise
e Macaulay Culkin's pizza-themed Velvet Underground cover band got booed off  ...
e Double amputee contestant wows on 'Dancing With the Stars'
e DANCING WITH THE STARS 'Disney Night' Earns Season Highs in Key Demos
t Graco recalls harness buckles on select car seats
b Barclays fined £26m and trader banned over Gold Fixing
t Heartland Institute NIPCC Climate Denier Craig Idso: “Climate Change Is Good  ...
m Study Challenging Fatty Acids Link to Heart Disease May Push Senior to  ...
m Feds Curb Aspirin Claim
e Lorde scores first single from 'Mockingjay' soundtrack
t Big, unseen planet may inhabit outer Solar System
t Japanese Scientists Unveil Terrifying Robot Women
e Denzel Washington's 'The Equalizer', First Trailer and New Pictures
b Health-care website has downtime on deadline day
e Kim Kardashian West Shares Sweet Photo of Kanye and North on Father's Day
m Yale University student threatened with suspension for being too thin
b Most euro zone banks increase government bond holdings
t FCC's new net neutrality rules opposed by 100+ internet companies (update  ...
t Google Glass available today for $1500
t Windows XP Stayin' Alive
t TIMELINE-General Motors grapples with safety crisis
b HP CEO Whitman assumes chairman's role
t Opinion: Facebook's virtual reality investment discouraging
e Mad Men Returns
m Guineans battle 'unprecedented' Ebola outbreak
b France says it works to outwit GE bid for Alstom energy
b Congress to Examine AT&T and DirecTV Merger (T, DTV)
e Jolie talks 'Maleficent,' mastectomy, kidnap victims
m Drugs that could help treat MERS found!
e Extant Premiere Re-Entry Spoilers [WATCH VIDEO]
e Kat Perkins sets Daft Punk song on fire on 'The Voice'
b Forbes Family Sells Out to Hong Kong Investors, Bono and Partners Exit
b Wall Street edges higher as investors buy Internet shares
b International markets roundup
b JAMES CONEY: Lenders must stop this mortgage madness of putting perfectly  ...
b China urges Vietnam to crackdown on anti-China riots
e Gwen Stefani Debuts Post-Baby Body With Surprise Coachella Performance
e Gov. Chris Christie Shows Off His Dance Moves On 'Tonight Show'
e Ricky Gervais Crashes 'House of Cards,' 'Orange Is the New Black' in New Ad
t Glass war on the streets of San Francisco
b Looking at the Middle Kingdom with Fresh Eyes - John Mauldin
t Supreme Court ruling unplugs Aereo TV system
e Kim and Kanye Baby North West Pictures & News: Parents Face Criticism After  ...
e Clooney slams Daily Mail story
e A gay man's perspective: Zac Efron gets naked at the MTV Movie Awards
t Arris' WorkAssure clocks in on Time Warner Cable's one-hour service windows
e The new female Thor could come to Disney Infinity 2.0
e Ultra Music Festival Security Guard Trampled, In 'Critical' Condition (Report)
t For Northeast, harsh vision of climate change
e 'Weird Al' Yankovic turns Pharrell's 'Happy' into 'Tacky' and it's perfect [VIDEO]
t Google 'Fit' Service Will Allow Users To Consolidate Health And Fitness  ...
t Marketing Executive Hired to Lead Google Glass
b Can China lead another global recovery? Or at least another Australian dollar  ...
m Watchdog group names 'worst restaurant foods'; Some found on Oklahoma menus
m Mayo Clinic measles vaccine trial yields astonishing results in war on cancer
e Kim Kardashian`s daughter victim of racial slur
e Justin Bieber surprises with performance during SXSW; dedicates song to  ...
e And They're Off: Episode VII Began Filming In Abu Dhabi
e Mockingjay trailer: Next Hunger Games movie promoted at Comic-Con
t Guest editorial: The science is clear: Humans have caused climate change
t Apple in Talks with Comcast for Streaming TV Deal
e Veteran Character Actor Matthew Cowles Dead At 69
e Neil Young's New Pono Music Player – Kickstarter Launched, Video Released  ...
e 'The Muppets' reteam with mixed results
e John Adams decries cancellation of 'Klinghoffer' cinema broadcast
b USA: EPA, Corps Clarify Protection for Streams and Wetlands
m 2 more deaths from MERS virus
t Feds probe Nissan cars for unwanted acceleration
e Watch James Franco Murder Science In Everything Wrong With 'Rise of the  ...
m Ebola outbreak could be a "threat" to Britain: Foreign Secretary
m Doctor infected with deadly Ebola virus refuses only potentially life-saving serum  ...
b WRAPUP 2-Bullish consumers, rising home prices brighten US growth picture
e Rock & Brews celebrates Kiss' Rock & Roll Hall Fame induction
e Statement from President Obama on Passover, April 14, 2014
b Argentina request to delay $1.65B payments denied - WXOW News 19 La  ...
b Argentina slides into second default in 13 years because of dispute with holdout  ...
t Google+ future uncertain as founder parts company
e Game of Thrones recap: The desperate women of Westeros
t Google I/O 2014: smartwatches, Google Fit – and Android Lollipop?
e Selena Gomez Dumps Parents as Managers
b Bye-bye short sale: April home sales in Florida rise 4.1%
t 44 Percent of Twitter Users Have Never Tweeted, Study Finds
t Frozen World Orbits in a Binary Star System
e Heads up, Snarknado 2 is good at being bad
m Smell test may help detect Alzheimer's
t What Exactly Is The Coding Error That Is Responsible For The Heartbleed Bug In  ...
e Charmed! Follow Bullets Over Broadway's Journey From the Silver Screen to the  ...
m Obama nominates new HHS secretary to fix Obamacare
e Court bid lodged to stop all five Brooks concerts
e Elisabeth Hasselbeck is 'shocked' that Sherri Shepherd is leaving 'The View'
e First trailer for 'This is Where I Leave You' starring Tina Fey and Jason Bateman
t THE APP MAN: What's Apple got up its sleeve?
t HTC One M8 Vs. Nexus 5: Spec by Spec Comparison
b Amazon tells UK to 'stay tuned' for Fire Phone
b Euro zone manufacturing recovery slows in May
t Apple-IBM Deal: Who Needs It More?
t Dwarf planet discovered beyond Pluto
b Alibaba files for public listing in US
e Gwyneth Paltrow splits from husband Chris Martin
e Grease Is the Word! Grease Live to Air on Fox in 2015
b Dollar steadies after hitting lows, awaits Yellen and ADP data
e 'Grand Budapest Hotel' review: Wes Anderson at his best
b Dollar Weakens Most in Two Weeks Versus Euro Before Fed
t Microsoft announces Windows Phone 8.1 Update 1, Cortana coming to new  ...
b US Patent and Trademark office cancels protection of 'Redskins' team name
b Europe's Week Ahead: The BOE's Story Will Unfold
e Rock and Roll Minus the Sex and Drugs: Keith Richards Writes a Children's Book
b Amazon CFO: first-quarter unit sales growth slowed from previous quarter
e Supreme Court's ruling on dime-sized device could change how you watch TV
e Kim Kardashian Is Working On a Video Game?
t Two 'Goldilocks planets' that might support life are proven false
e Bearded drag queen among favourites to win Eurovision
b The problem with Thomas Piketty
e New Trailer For Captain America: The Winter Soldier: The Game
e Did Beyonce Subtly Address Jay-Z's Cheating at 'On the Run' Tour? Singer  ...
b Barclays says first half net profit soars to £1.13 bn
b Allergan makes case against Valeant takeover ahead of higher bid
b Global airfares seen dipping 3.5% this year
t GM recalls 3.4 million more cars
e Is She Pregnant? Kanye West Protective of Kim Kardashian's Tummy
t [Update] YouTube & Twitch Still In Talks, No Deal Yet
e 'A Million Ways to Die in The West' Can't Reconcile Dumb Comedy with  ...
e Why quiet period is good for NFL, and us
b With economic crisis past, now time to treat the scars, says OECD
b Flight MH370: 'Objects spotted' in new search area
e Friday Features: 'X-Men: Days of Future Past'
m Border staff 'unprepared for Ebola'
t Windows Phone 8.1 release date confirmed
t Woman or machine? New robots look creepily human - FOX 32 News Chicago
t South Seattle College
b Lady Gaga asks Californians to save water in new public service announcement
e Hollywood comedy about assassination of North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un
t Apple removes popular marijuana growing game 'Weed Firm' from App Store
e Powdered alcohol to hit US stores
e The Normal Heart plays it safe with an '80s AIDS landmark
e Box Office Predictions: Will 'Neighbors' Topple 'Amazing Spider-Man 2?'
e 'Winds Of Winter' Chapter — George RR Martin Releases 'Game Of Thrones  ...
e Mick Jagger or Monty Python: Who Has More Wrinkles?
e The True Colors of Kathy Bates
m AP WAS THERE: Scientists find 'probable cause' of killer disease | The Republic
b US economy shrinks at rate of 2.9 percent in first quarter: report
e 'Book of Mormon,' 'Chimerica' Score at London's Olivier Awards
b Euro Down Against Most Majors After German Ifo Survey
e Bachelorette 2014 Spoilers: Who Goes Home Tonight? 7/7/2014
e Kendall Jenner Can't Sit in Her Tight Dress at Met Ball 2014
e Franco laughs off Instagram controversy in SNL skit
b Taxi cab permit meeting today
m Microbes Present In The Placenta Could Lead To Healthier Newborns
t Mandiant Researchers: Heartbleed Attack Bypasses Multifactor Authentication  ...
e 'Bachelor' star Juan Pablo on his Spanish: 'Learn Spanish, travel the world'
e Tips Every Woman Should Know to Avoid a Nicki Minaj-like VMA Wardrobe  ...
m Five new MERS deaths reported in Saudi Arabia
b U.S. wheat edges higher ahead of crop progress report
e Mick Jagger in LA for L'Wren Scott funeral
m Fish, Exercise Help Thwart Colon Cancer's Return?
b Signs of life in collapsed Honduras mine
t Sony Xperia C3 Boasts 5MP "PROselfie" Front-facing Camera with LED Flash
b Tim Hortons, Burger King Merger Sees Shares Surge As Traders Anticipate Tax  ...
e Mother's Day Flowers Last Minute
b Postal workers' unions protest Staples program - WHLT 22 Connecting the Pine  ...
b Report: Vince McMahon and Triple H Power-Sharing Situation Causing Issues?
e That Viral 'Strangers Making Out' Video Is a Clothing Ad
e Godfather of Chicago House Music Frankie Knuckles Dead At 59
b BP Crisis Manager Traded on Inside Oil Spill Info, SEC Says
b Australia and Kazakhstan heed Malaysia's call in search for MH370
m Syphilis affects 16663 individuals in the US annually, stats double since 2005
b Morning MoneyBeat Asia: Stocks Running in the Green
e North Korea will get “merciless” if Rogen, Franco film released
e NYC mayor to sing 'I Love LA' on Kimmel show
e 'Fast & Furious 7' production restarts
m Malaysia Moves to Contain Deadly MERS Virus
m PEI men most likely to get melanoma
m Report shows infection rates at Texas hospitals has dropped
t Amazon's First Kindle Fire Smartphone
m Looking back to April 1981: Probable cause of AIDS found
m California lawmakers reject warning label for sugary drink
b JC Penney Liable For Meddling In Macy's-Martha Stewart Deal
t Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Specs Leak Via Benchmark Database
b Target CEO Gregg Steinhafel steps down following data theft
e Paul Simon, Edie Brickell domestic-dispute case is dropped
e Charles Helmers Assistant Principal Accepts ALS Ice Bucket Challenge
e Zac Efron's bodyguard claims the actor saved his life when he stepped in to  ...
e Miley Cyrus Instagram Dance Videos
t Galaxy Tab S is revealed by Samsung
b Panasonic wants to be sole battery cell maker at Tesla project: Senior executive
m Candy Companies Cry Foul Over Flavors of Electronic Cigarettes
b Jessica Alba Has a Startup and It's Valued at Nearly $1 Billion
m 13.05.2014 10:48 - 3,3 million people die worldwide due to use of alcohol
b Shell boosts dividend after beating first quarter estimates
m Creating body parts in a lab
b Wisconsin local unemployment rates drop in most Wisconsin counties and major  ...
e Bullock locked herself after spotting alleged intruder
e CBS Touts Archie Taking Bullet For Gay Friend; Inadvertently Reveals  ...
e Jessica Chastain Will Not Be on 'True Detective' Season 2
e Veronica Mars, Logan Echolls, and Our Silly Need to 'Ship
e Magic School Bus Will Return! 10 More 90s TV Shows That Need Reboots
t Interactive Intelligence Positioned in the Leaders Quadrant of Magic
b File storage company Box files for IPO
t 'Heartbleed' flaw leads security experts to urge password changes
b IMF chief charged with negligence
b Market Basket employees hold protest at Tewksbury headquarters
b 10 Things to Know for Today
t Review: Evolutionary Advances in New Smartwatches
t UN panel: 8 reasons to worry about global warming
e L'Wren Scott Will Gives Entire Estate to Mick Jagger
e Miley Cyrus's new tattoo pays tribute to her late dog
b IRS Watchdog Warns of Largest Phone Hoax Ever Seen
e Drew Barrymore overjoyed as she announces arrival of baby girl Frankie
b European Markets Trade Weak
t eBay tells users to change passwords after database attack
b Detroit Selling Foreclosed Homes For $1000 In City's Latest Attempt To Rebuild
e 'SNL' Video: Emma Stone Makes Surprise Appearance, Andrew Garfield Kisses  ...
b FOREX-New Zealand dollar shines in subdued currency market
e 'X-Men' director Bryan Singer accused of sexually abusing 15-year-old boy at  ...
t NASA preps to launch $465M satellite to track carbon dioxide
b Services sector growth surges in June on Narendra Modi wave: HSBC
t Former Apple marketing exec talks Steve Jobs, Apple as product 'launch machine'
m New blood test can predict onset of Alzheimer's disease
t Hey Facebook, this data is mine!
b Gas prices shoot up just in time for holiday weekend travel
t Drill Here? NASA's Curiosity Mars Rover Inspects Site
m Ebola spreads to three countries
e Best of the Best: Tech Blog Roundup
e 'There's Always Been Sex, Drugs And Rock And Roll': Kylie Minogue Comes To  ...
e Cannes Announces Winners
b Memorial Day travel expected at highest levels since 2005 peak
e Nikki Reed, Paul McDonald split after two years of marriage
m Baby Safety Gate Injuries On The Rise
b House Financial Services Committee Hearing
b Once-soaring tech stocks sink in sobering comedown
e Miley Cyrus's Home Burglarized (Again!) While She's on Tour
m Scale of Guinea's Ebola epidemic unprecedented – MSF
e 'The Bachelorette' season finale: Who did Andi pick?
m FDA investigating potential harm of sunscreen spray to kids
b Tax changes in NC House bill given initial OK
e Robert Downey Jr.'s Son Arrested for Cocaine Possession: Police
e Boseman bolsters James Brown biopic
e VIDEO: First Look - Andrew Garfield Stars in ARCADE FIRE's 'We Exist' Music  ...
t Watch Dogs vs InFamous Second Son Screenshot Comparison: PlayStation 4  ...
e Human Barbie is Real After All; Talks Plastic Surgery and Expresses Strong  ...
t Apple expands buybacks by $30 bln
b Eurozone unemployment steady near record high
t Microsoft launches first Android phone in Nokia X2
m Second Case Of MERS Found In Florida
e Frankie Knuckles: Music world pays tribute to house DJ
e The Return of the Record: Vinyl is Celebrated Via Record Store Day
b Volkswagen Denies Speculation of Bid for Paccar
e Queen to Release New Album With Freddie on Vocals 23 Years After His Death
b Business update: Why a grim US economic picture is brightening
e Mick Jagger tribute to companion L'Wren Scott: 'I will never forget her'
b Disney Buys Maker Studios In Deal Worth At Least $500 Million
e 'Bachelor' gets perilously close to honesty
b Legal marijuana retailers stocking up in Washington state
e Writer Garcia Marquez dies at 87
e True Detective Finale and Season Review
t IPCC report most explicit warning yet on climate change
b Microsoft earnings buoyed by new CEO's cloud vision
e Princess Kate Middleton Plans Pregnant Cressida Bonas Wedding, Prince Harry  ...
e Beyonce is house-hunting alone 'on the sly'
b O'Malley, Brown Pushing For Last Minute Health Care Sign Ups
m Google To Define 'Good Health'
b Strike halts 900 Lufthansa flights
e Ryan Gosling, Eva Mendes expecting, reports say
t Mozilla decides to stop Firefox for Windows 8 Metro browser due to low usage
t HTC One, HTC One Max/Mini, Butterfly S Android Update Sense 6.0 Rollout Date
b County jobless rate drops to 6%
b More details emerge in NY AG's dark pool fraud suit against Barclays
e Johnny Weir and husband Victor Voronov split
t World ill-prepared for global warming impacts, UN report concludes
e 'Game of Thrones' Season 4, episode 8 'The Mountain and the Viper' promo: The  ...
e Look Away Casper Smart: J'Lo Looks Stunning In Versace
e SETH MEYERS NAMED HOST OF '66TH PRIMETIME EMMY® AWARDS'
b Social Security closes offices even as demand soars
t Will Spotify's 10 Million Subscribers Scare Off The Apple-Beats Deal?
e How Seth Rogen Became the Stoner King of Comedy
b Canadian Tax Agency Hacked Using Heartbleed
b Buffett plans for Tim Hortons to buoy Burger King
e Grenada, Granada, What's the Difference? A British Airways Passenger Finds  ...
e Demi Lovato Opens Up About Her Gay Family History
t Roe: A new set of stars begins dancing on television this week
e [Videos] 'Pretty Little Liars' Episode 5.6 Preview: Who is Bethany Young?
t Watch Dogs
e New Prince album coming under Warner Bros. partnership
m India defeats polio
m Yes, Pot Actually Can Make You Paranoid
e Elin Nordegren and Lindsey Vonn: Actually Friends?!
b Yellen: No Need to Change Current Monetary Policy
e CANNES: 'Winter Sleep' Wins Palme d'Or
b Home prices rose more than expected in March, survey reports
e Rolf Harris found guilty of indecent assaults
m Feds cite 5 companies in NJ worker's death
m American Heart Association celebrates National Walking Day on April 2
t Prices at the pump dropping slightly
m Liberia shuts schools, considers quarantine to curb Ebola
m Michigan, five other states faced with federal deadline to clear Medicaid backlog
e Jimmy Fallon takes 'Tonight Show' into terrific new territory
b Valeant launches hostile $53B bid for Allergan
b US stocks finish mixed; Nasdaq's decline longest in a month
e WOW! Kendall Jenner Snags A Spot On Chanel's Runway For Their Haute  ...
t What's missing from Apple's big enterprise deal with IBM?
e Pfister Can't Transcend Cliché in Directorial Debut
t General Mills: If You 'Like' Cheerios Then You Can Never Sue
b AMZN: Employees Offered $5000 as Part of Amazon Pay to Quit Plan
e North West already learning French?
e Maks And Meryl Take Home The 'Dancing' Mirrorball! Len Goodman's  ...
m Marathon Training Might Boost Heart Health in Middle-Aged Runners
t Obamacare website asks users to change passwords after Heartbleed security  ...
e Fifty Shades of Grey Movie Cast Rumors, Release News: Charlie Hunnam  ...
t Apple Inc.'s share price up, reaches settlement with US states and customers  ...
t Record-breaking Marquez rounds up perfect weekend with maximum points
t HTC adds larger screen, more features HTC One phone
t Dropbox announces a slew of new features
e Justin Bieber's Deposition Video Is the Best Thing He's Ever Done
t Supermoon coming soon!
b Australian Dollar Retreats As RBA Holds Rate At Record Low Of 2.5%
b Apple might be about to strike its biggest deal ever…with Dr. Dre
e Ryan Gosling, Eva Mendes Dating: Actor Still With 'Place Beyond The Pines' Co  ...
t Comcast 'embarrassed' after call goes viral
b Amazon names initial apps, lights 'fire' under developers
t Diamonds are a computer's best friend!
m Pine Tree Bark may Work as a New Melanoma Treatment
e What to expect: 'Game of Thrones' season 4 premiere
t Do you think climate change exists?
b Uhlitzer Student Advantage Assists Borrowers to Get the Benefits of Obama's  ...
e Woody Allen - Woody Allen casts Emma Stone in next film
t Fury at 'creepy' Facebook experiment to manipulate users' emotions
t Facebook's "Nearby Friends" Feature is Great News for Creepers
m Saudi announces new MERS death
m Prescription drug take back day April 26
m UK's £560m Flu Drug Stockpile's Effectiveness Slammed
b 'Candy Crush' company expects to be worth $7.6B
m Plea to enlist ebola patients as guinea pigs
b Cool Spring Could Hamper Planting Of Corn
m McCaskilll scolds Dr. Oz for promotion of controversial weight-loss products
e Robin Thicke tries to 'Get Her Back': A new song and a plea at Billboard Music  ...
t Review: We wear Samsung's Gear 2 and Gear Fit so you don't have to
e Jon Hamm: Porn Past Was "Soul-Crushing"
e Game of Thrones Season 4 Spoilers: Tommen is Crowned; Lysa Reveals Truth  ...
m UPDATE 2-Death toll from West Africa Ebola outbreak jumps to 603 - WHO
b Department of Inevitable Acquisitions: Amazon Buys ComiXology
e George Lucas Selects Chicago as Home for Narrative Art Museum
e Steve Perry Performs For the First Time Since 1995 in Surprise Appearance  ...
e Mick Jagger Mocks Monty Python As "Old Men Trying To Relive Their Youth  ...
e Bill Murray Gets Down and Dirty in the Trailer for St. Vincent
b Business update: Parade of GM recalls rolls on; 2.4M more vehicles
e Eminem and Rihanna to perform 'The Monster' at MTV Movie Awards
e Robert De Niro crashes stranger's World Cup party
e Kelly Clarkson and husband announce birth of baby girl
t Nest smart thermostat and smoke alarm to add third-party support
e Fired 'Times' editor Jill Abramson: I'm in 'same boat' as college grads
e Lena Dunham wants to #BringBackOurGirls: how a hashtag started a global  ...
e Hip hop duo Insane Clown Posse seek to lift gang label for fans
t Microsoft to make Surface announcement on 20 May
t Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella Unveils Office for iPad
t Brazilian Congress Passes World's First "Bill of Rights" For The Internet
b High court upholds greenhouse gas rules
b Bulgarian banks stabilized with aid; 5 arrested over plot to bring them down with  ...
e 10 Things You Didnâ€™t Know About Charlie Sheen
m Giraffe Kisses Mentally Ill Cancer Patient, Mario, To Fulfill Zookeeper's Dying Wish
e Prince George Wears Pink Overalls, Walks for Father's Day
e Paul Walker's Mother Claims Guardianship Over His Daughter, While “Fast  ...
m Ebola outbreak 'a major public health emergency'
t Facebook Wants To Un-Spam Your Newsfeed
t AAPL Soars on Earnings Beat, 7-for-1 Apple Stock Split
b EBay Reports Continued PayPal Growth, Weak Outlook -- 2nd Update
t Google 'launching Google Fit health-tracking service at I/O'
t Got Beef? Netflix Calls Out Internet Providers
e Goldberg column backs marijuana
m Arrivals from West Africa on Ebola watch, fears grow of outbreak in Europe
b Thomas Piketty's other book
t Facebook Goes Down In Worldwide Outage
e Is Tila Tequila's Baby Daddy Jose Cuervo? Twitter Jokes About Her Child's  ...
t Apple places the iPhone at the centre of the smart home
b GameStop made $68M in profit in the past three months, up 24% over last year
m Scientists closer to blood test for Alzheimer's
m Top doctor in Sierra Leone dies of Ebola
t All New HTC One set to be fastest mobile gaming handset?
t London man charged with Heartbleed hack at CRA
e Robert Pattinson's Fetish Revealed!
e See what Atlanta is saying right now about Things To Do in Atlanta today and  ...
m WHO: air pollution linked to seven million deaths in 2012
t Supreme Court rules against Aereo in Internet TV fight
e Sit Back and Relax with a Cup of New Oprah-Branded Tea
m Syphilis cases increase among U.S. gay and bisexual men: CDC
t T-Mobile CFO Says The Wireless Industry Will Eventually Consolidate
b Fort Worth-Arlington existing home prices up 8.7 percent in April
t Fans Watch as Hundreds of Buried Video Games Uncovered
e 'Dancing With the Stars' Recap -- This Season's Most Shocking Elimination Yet!
e 'The Walking Dead' Season 5 Air Date, Casting, Spoilers: What to Expect When  ...
e Blues Guitarist Johnny Winter Dies at 70 While On Tour in Europe
e #eBay, #ForceForChange, Teen stuns crowd with MJ's moves at talent show
b Janet Yellen gives props to small business
b Unemployment rate drops across state
b Roundup: HK stocks close 0.33 pct higher
b Japan holds fire on new easing measures, says economy improving
b Glencore to buy Chad oil firm Caracal for $1.3 billion
b Google results fall short of forecasts
t Xbox One Update Coming Next Month: Improvements To Friends Notifications  ...
t Oracle in US$5.3b deal to boost growth
e Swizz Beatz and Alicia Keys Expecting Second Child
e Sofia Coppola Is Directing 'The Little Mermaid': Links You Need to See
b Niles police looking for man who robbed a CVS
t Celebrities Have Already Started Using Twitter's Four-Picture Feature - Here's  ...
e Gomez 'lost sight' of herself pre-rehab
e Video: UK's Molly 9/11 for Eurovision glory
e Stefani 'joins The Voice'
m US Census Director says North Dakota's booming oil patch makes population  ...
e Could 'Sex Tape' Snafu Really Happen With iCloud? Apple Says NO!
b US STOCKS-Wall St to open flat, quarter set to end positive
e Nikhil Arora's Review - X-Men: Days of Future Past
m Mosquito-borne virus reported in Missouri man; health officials say infection  ...
t Elon Musk's Appeal, 2015 VW e-Golf Price, Ford & Hyundai Hybrids: Today's Car  ...
e Congrats! Idris Elba & Girlfriend Naiyana Garth Welcome Baby Boy Winston
b Kennametal among the most ethical
e Miranda Lambert's 'Platinum' sounds golden
t Total lunar eclipse visible in Bay Area tonight
t IBM/Apple deal targets Microsoft, hurts BlackBerry
e Giving the gift of time
e Revealed! Exactly One Dress From the Altuzarra For Target Collection
b Video: GM CEO Mary Barra offers update on recalls
e Andi Dorfman Will Invite Juan Pablo to Her Wedding Under One Condition
m Texas Couple Gives Birth To Quintuplets At Dallas Hospital
t Spidey-sense prompts Suzuki to recall 19K sedans
t Microsoft Searched A Blogger's Email When It Learned Of Windows 8 Leaks
m FDA warns against procedure to remove uterine fibroids; says it could spread  ...
b S&P 500 tops 1900 for the first time
t YouTube to Buy Twitch, a Video Game Live Streaming Video Platform
t Buybacks are easy way to get rid of your old smartphone
b China Q1 growth slows to 7.3%: survey of economists
e Happy people share their happiness via video on 'Happy Day'
b Spat with Vietnam part of China's strategy: experts
m Doubts raised about STAP cell scientist's doctoral dissertation
e Johnny Depp's brave new world
b Japan Sees Dizzying Price Rises on Sales Tax Hikes
t SpaceX to launch supplies to station
t Hyundai recalling 883000 Sonata sedans
t Intel readies 3D-printed robots
t In Recall Blitz, GM Risks Its Reputation
e Kim Couldn't Have Looked More "Klassic" at Her Wedding to Kanye
b Health law legacy out of reach for president
e Music Review: Country star Miranda Lambert takes risks, wins big with fifth  ...
b Stocks sputter at the starting line
t Heartbleed update: Change these passwords right now
b Nikkei rises for 4th day as strong earnings offset weak industrial data
t Apple iPhone 6 rumoured to have temperature, pressure and humidity sensors
b Microsoft Office May Be Coming To An iPad Near You
e Julia Louis-Dreyfus blames erroneous tattoo on 'drunken stupor'
e 'Divergent' film finale will be two parts
t Amazon Fire Phone to ship in US on 25 July
t Moto E pre-launch leaks: Images, specifications and rumored India pricing
t Google Signs Deal with Novartis to Make Glucose-Monitoring Contact Lenses a  ...
e Weird Al parodies Pharrell with 'Tacky'
e Box office: 'Noah' tops 'Divergent'
e Seth Rogen, James Franco spark an international incident with 'The Interview  ...
b French data show possible plane debris
b Risk of deflation in the euro area grows
t New Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 LTE Comes to U.S. Cellular
e After Justin Bieber's Yasukuni Apology, A Look At Other Sorry Celebs
b REPEAT: UK Q4 GDP Grows 0.7% As Initially Estimated
t International Court Orders Halt to Japan Whaling
m Minnesota bans chemical triclosan from consumer products
e Channing Tatum Facts: 21 Things You (Probably) Don't Know About the 'Jump  ...
b Disney files patents to use drones at theme parks
e Nirvana And Guests Play Secret Gig In New York
e Surfing pioneer Alter dead at 80
t Microsoft: Street Calculates Potential Office for iPad Revenue, Cheers Move  ...
m What will it take to stop the deadliest Ebola outbreak in history?
b Eleven Miners Trapped Underground in Honduran Gold Mine
t Is your teen driving a safe vehicle? Study reveals safest used cars for teen drivers
e Jimmy Kimmel Took A Selfie With The Clintons
e Pixies - The Pixies And Julian Casablancas Last-minute Additions To Coachella
m Here's A Reason to Indulge in Eating Chocolate Absolutely Guilt-Free!
t Blackberry releases cheaper smartphone to try retake emerging market
t Harley Davidson Electric Motorcycle Prototype
e PRAYERS: Wu-Tang Affiliate Christ Bearer Cuts Off Penis, Jumps Off Balcony In  ...
e Lindsay Lohan's Ex-Lovers List Revealed to Include Ashton Kutcher, Orlando  ...
b Vietnam's PM calls for end to riots
b SAC's Steinberg sentenced as insider probe winds down
t Iran Judge Issues Sommons to Facebook CEO
e TV Topics: FX finds a new world in a familiar setting with 'Fargo'
b Most Read on Bloomberg: Lewis, Speed Trades, Currencies, Goldman
b Karasyov: Russia has no option but to enter talks with Poroshenko
t Husband and wife who LOVE their Teslas take out a full page advert in  ...
m Deadly Anthrax Disease Identified in Beef in Eastern Hungary
t 2015 Volkwagen Jetta: This Is It
e Elisabeth Hasselbeck Is PISSED About Rosie Possibly Rejoining The View
e First 'Fifty Shades of Grey' trailer is today's Movie Trailer of the Day
t AT&T Boss: Sprint-T-Mobile Shouldn't Cut the Regulatory Mustard
t Nokia completes sale of substantially all of its Devices & Services business to  ...
e Best St. Patrick's Day burgers around the country
t Twitch streaming is coming to Xbox One today, better make sure you're ready  ...
b Snapchat May See $10B Valuation in Alibaba Talks
e Miley Cyrus Gets 'Sad Kitty' Tattoo Inside Of Her Lip
m Nepal now safer‚ better place for mothers‚ says report
t 'Fully Reasoning' AI Could be Future Development for Google
b Double Bottom in for Gold Prices?
t Test the Galaxy S5 and New Gear Line in Best Buys Starting Today
t Business in Savannah in brief
b Current Mortgage Rates: Bank of America Fixed Home Loans and Refinance  ...
b Ousted American Apparel CEO Fights to Get Job Back
e Victoria Beckham. In Wellies. In Vogue. Seriously.
e Starting Holy Week with Murders
e Game of Thrones movie possibility discussed
e VIDEO: YouTuber Covers Ariana Grande's 'Problem' 20 Different Ways!
b Women Can't Afford to Celebrate Equal Pay Day
b US Fed Reserve meets on policy forecasts
e Lana Del Rey 'will perform at Kimye wedding'
m Daily cup of coffee good for eyes
e Vincent van Gogh ear replica made from relative's DNA goes on display
e PHOTO CALL: Martin McDonagh's The Cripple of Inishmaan, Starring Daniel  ...
t Facebook finally apologises for secretly manipulating nearly 1m people's  ...
e Beefed-up short 'Oculus' an impressive creepfest
b Supreme Court Again Upholds EPA's Authority to Fight Global Warming
e Director Edgar Wright quits Ant-Man movie
t Apple Touch ID heading to new iPhones and...
e 'Tammy': What the Critics Are Saying
t Rover Distance Record: NASA Cruiser Travels More Than 25 Miles on Mars
t Video of Sony Xperia Z2
t Google Developer Conference Update: TV Set-Top Box Debut Expected
b Behind Alibaba: An English Teacher Who Can't Code
m Saudi Arabia finds another 32 MERS cases as disease spreads
b European Stock Markets Rally on ECB Easing Hopes
t You Can Now Text 911 in an Emergency
m Sierra Leone declares state of emergency over Ebola
e Actress Ruby Dee dies at age 91
e Maureen Dowd ate pot and wrote about it in the New York Times. No, Really.
t LG Electronics unveils new G3 smartphone
e Gay X-Men director Bryan Singer denies raping 17-year-old boy
b BRADY: “Good Jobs Report, but Needs to be Better.”
m How to garden with allergies
b Austria's FM voices support for South Stream gas pipeline project
t Apple okays stock split, $30b share buyback
m CDC: MERS virus spread in US, but 2nd man not sick
e Robin Williams Reportedly Reprising Role In 'Mrs. Doubtfire' Sequel
e How many people see tweets? You may soon know
b Shearman & Sterling secures historic $50bn arbitration award in epic Yukos  ...
e 'Captain America' soars to top of box office for 3rd week; Depp film  ...
e 'Noah' Wins Box Office As 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier' Debuts Overseas
e A double-header of biopics for 'Get on Up' star Chadwick Boseman
t Microsoft Set To Complete Acquisition Of Nokia's Handset Unit On April 25
e Is Your Partner A Twitter Celeb? New Study Shows People Who Use Twitter A  ...
e Seems like the whole world is 'Happy'
b After-hours buzz: EBay, Yum! Brands, SanDisk & more
e Weird Al Recruits Jack Black, Margaret Cho & Famous Comedians for "Tacky  ...
e Game of Thrones Episode Teaser: Who Killed the King?
e Kim Kardashian squeezes into Kylie Jenner's bikini and posts revealing selfies
b Dimon's Cancer Sparks Questions About Succession Plan
b Google Inc Tops Apple Inc. To Become World's Most Valuable Brand
e Bieber victim of US$1 million video blackmail
b Bad Timing: HealthCare.gov Goes Down on Day Before Deadline
t Samsung replaces the man behind the Galaxy smartphone designs
e Festival Rap Sheet: APD reports Tyler the Creator 'riot' bust, and crash aftermath
b The White House Admits There's a Wage Gap at the White House
b Deutsche Bank to raise 8 billion Euro from investors
e 'Friends' Reunion on Kimmel - Watch Video of Jennifer Aniston, Courteney Cox  ...
m Your iPad could be giving you a rash
t Hacked eBay Faces Multiple Investigations
t Vulnerability found in Internet Explorer
b US market watchdog SEC warns investors on bitcoin risks
b S&P 500 milestones as index closes above 2000
t FCC to create more wireless broadband
m USDA overhauls 50 year-old poultry inspections
e On 'American Idol,' The Alabama 3 move ahead; final 8 hopefuls to perform  ...
b GLOBAL MARKETS-Fed-fueled stocks and bonds rise, dollar falls
t HTC Nexus Tablet 'Volantis' Makes An Appearance
m Still not too late to register for 2014 Relay for Life event
t Microsoft Is Shutting Down Xbox Entertainment Studios : Up To 18000  ...
t Mobile rumours: Nexus X, Gear Solo, Galaxy Note 4 Fingerprint Sensor
t Deputies: Yadkin County man arrested on child sex charges
e Robin Roberts to Guest Judge 'Dancing With The Stars'
t LG posts picture of upcoming smartwatch
t Saving the Honey Bee: Obama Addresses Issue of Rapidly Diminishing Pollinators
b Surging US Stocks Echo Dot-Com Rally With Cheaper P/E
m Hall of Fame QB to have cancer surgery
t Text 9-1-1 in case of emergency
e VMAs 2014: The shock of too few shocks
b Coca-Cola: Ingredient Removed From Powerade After Teen's Petition
t SpaceX is suing the US government for a free market in satellite launches
m Daily 20-Minute Walks Could Help Seniors Stave Off Major Disability
t Apple hears static over Beats
e Shaquille O'Neal -- Under Investigation ... Allegedly Punched Man at TV Studio
t Another Google Glass user mugged in San Francisco: Will you buy this wearable  ...
b Vermont passed a bill requiring GMO labeling; should Louisiana?
b Tough start for stocks. Quiksilver down 45%
t Akron weekly gas update for July 7
t A Day Later, GM Recalls 218000 More Cars
e Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie to Costar in Movie She'll Write
t Dismal Wii U performance continues to negatively impact Nintendo financials
b United Daily News: Beijing does not understand Hong Kongers' hearts
m West Africa Ebola outbreak death toll rises to 121
b UPDATE 4-Deutsche Bank enlists Qatar in $11 bln capital hike
b 49ers' Kaepernick Slams TMZ Report On His Alleged Involvement In Sex Assault
t SpaceX Cargo Ship Returns to Earth from Space Station
e Rob Kardashian's Partying Is Getting Out Of Control
e Bieber Plea Deal May Be in the Works: Sources
b HK stocks close 0.51 pct higher
b BMW X7 announced, X4 production kicks off
b OpenTable Inc (NASDAQ:OPEN) Steals The Show Today
e Jason Aldean Reportedly Dating Brittany Kerr After Cheating Scandal
e X-Men: Days of Future Past final trailer sees Wolverine assemble mutants for  ...
e ABBA mark 40 years since Waterloo
t Samsung Galaxy S5 is a phone with heart
b China slams Malaysian probe into missing plane
e Kids' Choice Awards 2014: All the the hottest looks from the red* carpet
b Swiss chocolate maker to buy Russell Stover
e America's Most Wanted: Jay Z & Beyonce Kick Off Their Epic “On The Run” Tour  ...
e Comedian, Best Known for Memorable Guest Role on 'Seinfeld,' Found Dead in  ...
m This Blood Test Can Predict Suicide Risk, Scientists Say
e Matt Damon does Ice Bucket Challenge with toilet water
t Winter's encore may obscure lunar eclipse in Chicagoland
m Are teens turning from cigarettes to hookahs? Study raises red flag.
e Angelina Jolie: I like to tell my kids crazy stories every night and involve them as  ...
m Spreading polio a global threat, WHO says
e Kim Kardashian's Deep Thoughts on Racism and Fears for Daughter North
b US lawyer takes legal steps over Malaysia Airlines disaster – report
e Will Tori Spelling Divorce Dean After Cheating Scandal? McDermott Is  ...
e Picasso painting reveals hidden man underneath 'The Blue Room'
e Don't Hate Karrueche Tran! BET Exec Apologizes For 'Stupid, Unthoughtful' Blue  ...
t Meet the new Twitter, same as the old Facebook
e After 'Godzilla' Blockbuster Opening Weekend Sequel Already In Development
e 'Criminal Minds' Season 10 News: Jennifer Love Hewitt Joins Cast As Series  ...
e Karis Jagger emerges from house 'where her father Mick is staying' while he  ...
e Juan Pablo defends himself, shares video of romance with Nikki
t Heartbleed Vulnerability Bug: What You Need to Know (Blogshare)
e Melissa McCarthy broke down when she saw herself on 'Tammy' billboard
e Fashion crowd lights up CFDA party
b More Jobs Added In Colorado Despite Stagnant Unemployment
b US$510 Billion GDP - Nigeria Now Africa's Largest, 26th Globally
m Strangers help grieving father on Reddit by Photoshopping images of his baby  ...
m Extra measles vaccinations to meet recent demand surge
t Apple iWatch Rumored Higher Price Than Samsung Gear: Nike and Tag Heuer  ...
e Anxietty Dream ComeTo Life: Miley Cyrus Forgets To Put On Clothes Before  ...
t Apple slashes Mac Book Pro price by Rs 11000 in India
m Relay for Life sees big crowd
e 'Transcendence' can't transcend sci-fi cliches
e Orange is the New Black trailer promises a 'next level crazy' season two
b Amaya shares soar on $4.9-billion acquisition of PokerStars owner
m Cancer survivors invited to celebrate life
b US businesses step up hiring in April
b Consumer borrowing rose $17.5 billion in March
e True Detective 2 Is Coming Together 3 Leads At A Time
m Merchants of meth target Asian wealth & Pacific trade routes
b Real estate listing site Zillow acquires Trulia for $3.5B in all-stock deal
b Wall St flat after selloff, but Nasdaq continues to fall
t 'Oh Hell Yes,' says Ottawa man about Blood Moon
t Facebook launches FB Newswire
b Barnes & Noble Posts Revenue Beat, Will Spinoff Nook Media
e 'Sex Tape' review: Cameron Diaz and Jason Segel should do the walk of shame  ...
t Apple touts its environmental responsibility with new website and video campaign
e Flyers Playoffs Bump Miley Cyrus Concert Date
e Paul Simon ARRESTED, Edie Brickell BUSTED – DISORDERLY CONDUCT  ...
e Video: Pharrell Williams puts FUN into fundraising as he promotes International  ...
e Powdered alcohol poised to hit US stores
b Microsoft's Office for iPad is finally here: Get the apps free now
b 'Candy Crush Saga' IPO: Should You Buy In?
b 401K fees take big bite
e 'Opie And Anthony' Host Spews Racist Vitriol On Twitter
m Vaginas Can Be Grown In Labs Now
t Bang & Olufsen BeoVision Avant 4K TV officially announced
m MPI cautions on consumption of North American chia seed products
b The VC Who Bought the Silk Road's $19M Bitcoin Cache
m Soda Ban Fizzles Out
e George RR Martin Addresses Controvesial Thrones Scene: “We Never  ...
b New York Times unexpectedly replaces top editor Jill Abramson
e NBC cancels 'Believe,' 'Community,' other shows; ABC cancels 2 comedies
m Mother gives birth to 14.5-pound baby at Massachusetts General Hospital
m E-Cigarettes Face First Regulations -- Update
e Hank Cochran, Ronnie Milsap and Mac Wiseman to be Inducted Into Country  ...
e North Korea Threatens War Over Kim Jong Un Movie
t Facebook seeks ad growth in emerging markets like Asia, South America
m Novartis closes heart drug study early after strong results
e The late-night spotlight is a bright one
t Scientists Discover Earth Sized Planet in "Goldilocks Zone"
e Andrew Garfield Teases Miles Morales Could Replace Him In Future Spider  ...
t NEWS FEED: Facebook Targets Click-Baiting, Favors Link Format vs. Links in  ...
t Facebook Enters the Polls: Voting Button Goes International
m MERS can move from Camels to Humans, Study Finds
b US Mortgage Rates Rise With 30-Year Reaching a Two-Month High
t Google develops 3D image tablet
e 5 Fun Facts: 'Veronica Mars' Star Kristen Bell
e The Battle Rounds Conclude on "The Voice"
m One foreign health worker dies, five infected with MERS in UAE: agency
e 'I've spent €300 to fly in – this will be a huge blow to Dublin'
b BREAKING: Rep. Stockman To Introduce First Bitcoin Bill
e Kim Kardashian Flaunts Tanned Body on Mexican Vacation With Kanye West  ...
e 'Dancing With the Stars' 2014: Pro Chelsie Hightower on the Semifinal Shocker
b Apple in talks to buy Japanese chipmaker for $479M
e Spelling: I miss having my best friend
e Letterman welcomes Colbert on 'The Late Show'
e Holding out for a hero
t Charged Russian at centre of $100 million Cryptocker, Zeus cyber heist
e Neil Patrick Harris curses fan who interrupts Broadway performance
e 'Transformers' return … and it's a Decepti-yawn
b Rosneft's Catch-22 might usher in long-term decline
e Justin Bieber's Lame Coachella Bucket Hat Sells Out Faster Than His Concert  ...
t NATION: Sony network hacked, exec's flight diverted
m 1 in 5 high schoolers have used hookahs, study says
t Intralinks Acquires docTrackr - Preemptive Strike At The Box IPO?
b Jury smacks Takeda, Eli Lilly with $9B verdict over Actos drug
e More of Hollywood's older women are showing off their bodies
b BoJ to maintain policy unchanged - RBS
e Beyonce Crowned Queen Of MTV VMA Awards With Show-Stopping  ...
t Your Next Ray-Bans Could Be Google Glass
b Greenpeace Loses Millions in Rogue Employee Forex Contract
m Chimerix agrees to provide unapproved medicine to 7-year-old boy struggling  ...
m Should medical pot users get to keep their guns?
e Mad Men: The Beginning of the End
b General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) Seeking Approval From France
b Exelon to buy Pepco for $6.8 billion
e Is Lea Michele's New Boyfriend A Former Male Escort? (DETAILS)
b Insurers, regulators prepare to negotiate 2015 health coverage costs
b Tiffany & Co. raises its profit forecast after 'solid performance' earlier this year
b Major Currency Pairs: Euro Weakens From 7-Week High
e 'Mad Men' Mondays: Intriguing Archival Images From Advertising History
e Actor charged with murder due in Los Angeles court
e Will Arnett files for divorce from Amy Poehler; couple announced separation in  ...
m Ballymoney Borough Council urges the public to stop washing raw chicken
b In the Russia-China Gas Deal, Did Putin Win?
e 'The Walking Dead' Season 4 Finale Sets Ratings Record For AMC's Zombie Hit  ...
m Indian firm seeks denial of Sovaldi patent
e Pharrell Does a 'Happy' Cry Over His Song's Success: VIDEO
b Walmart plan takes aim at core strategy of GameStop
t Sony Unveils Project Morpheus Virtual Reality Head-Mounted Display for the  ...
b Emerging Stocks Climb to Six-Month High on China as Rupee Gains
b Motorola confirms sale of enterprise business to Zebra
e 'Brady Bunch' actress Ann B. Davis, formerly of Ambridge, dies in Texas
t Google Search 3.5.14 rolling out, adds “OK Google” hotword to any screen
m FDA Warns Against Hysterectomy Technique That May Spread Cancer
t Chevrolet Unveils All-New 2015 Corvette Z06 Convertible Ahead Of Its New  ...
m For The First Time, Medicare Reveals How Much It Pays Doctors
t Google Launches Android Studio Beta Version
t Oceanographer Jacques Cousteau's Grandson Emerges After 31 Days in  ...
e Kim Kardashian's Hollywood video game launches TODAY - and the world  ...
e Whoopi Goldberg will remain as a host on 'The View'
b Gold down on strong jobs report from last week
t Curiosity completes first Martian year on Red Planet
b Company Update: International Business Machines Corporation (NYSE:IBM  ...
e The Cricket's Daily 3: Yes, you can be in 'Star Wars, Episode VII'
b Walmart to offer video game trade-in at stores
m Prenatal Proximity to Pesticide Application Affects Offspring
b China gets the brakes on falling factory prices
e Adam Levine goes platinum
e Drew Barrymore's half-sister found dead in car near San Diego
e Krystle takes up Ice Bucket Challenge
e 'Star Wars': First picture from the set answers all our questions (not really)
m First human case of West Nile confirmed for Scotts Bluff County
b Emirates NBD: KSA PMI - new order growth slows in May
t GM CEO Appears in Videos to Try Reassuring Customers with Recalled Cars
b From fireworks to firefighters: The best GoPro videos that helped launch a $100  ...
e Kim Kardashian wedding: bridal designer Monique Lhuillier arrives in Paris
e Olivia Palermo weds beau Johannes Huebl in intimate outdoor ceremony
b Official confident pings are from Flight 370
b IBM Systems Reportedly Targeted by Chinese Officials
t Netflix Beta Testing New Android TV App Before it Goes Live
b Oil Futures Slide on Indications of Growing US Supply
m Many conditions can cause dementia, but Alzheimer's is the most common
t Google releases disappointing diversity record with regard to hiring women  ...
e Pharrell and Minaj lead BET award winners
t First POST: Battle for the Open Net
b New-home sales rose 6.4 percent in April
e 'Star Wars' Adult Fiction Line Relaunch Revealed
t Spring elements and supply shortages continue pumping up gas prices
b Senators Delay Action on Fannie Mae Amid Democrats' Rift
t Feds kick off 'Click it or Ticket' national campaign
e '106 & Park' Co-Host Karrueche Tran Releases Apology For Comments Made  ...
e Whitey: United States of America vs. James J. Bulger
b Unemployment drops again to 6.1 percent in Maine
t Jury Finds Samsung Infringed Some Apple Patents, Must Pay US$120 Million in  ...
t Privacy group files FTC complaint over Facebook emotions study
e 'Star Wars VII' filming under way, says chairman
m Case of girl who fought for adult lung transplant leads to polic - 12 News KBMT  ...
e What makes Barbara Walters special? A few theories
t 'Cosmos' Recap: Halley's Comet History and 4 More Amazing Facts from  ...
b Product sales targets of US$6.5 billion by 2016 and US$10 billion by 2020;
e Led Zeppelin sued over 'Stairway' chord opening; 'Shield' actor Michael Jace  ...
t Cabbies' protests Uber-shortsighted
e Anthony of 'Opie and Anthony' radio show fired over 'racially-charged' tweets
e Rapper Andre Johnson cuts off his penis and leaps from balcony
t Google Maps Street View takes you back in time with digital time capsule feature
t 'Extinct human gene helped Tibetans survive high altitudes'
e Wrestling Legend Pat Patterson Comes Out as Gay: VIDEO
m Report ranks most and least healthy Indiana counties
m Ruvo Center: We are not meeting the challenge of curing Alzheimer's disease
e Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt to star in first movie together since 'Mr. and Mrs. Smith'
b How Airbnb Can Beat Regulators With Business Travelers
t Google introduces Android Auto [video]
e Chiefs rookie QB Murray has yet to see finale of 'The Bachelorette' where brother  ...
e Robin Thicke: I Haven't Seen Paula Patton "For Four Months," I Lost the "Love of  ...
b Swimming in murky waters
t Google's driverless cars take a ride on city streets
e Bet On It! Zac Efron Confesses He '100 Percent' Wants A High School Musical  ...
b Turkey begins exporting Iraqi Kurdistan oil
e Kim Kardashian's Wedding Covers 'People' & 'In Touch Weekly'
b Vatican bank's profit takes big dip amid reform
b Lagarde questioned in French fraud probe
b Weibo valued at $3.46bn after bottom-end IPO pricing
e Paul Walker's Mother Files For Guardianship Of His Daughter Meadow, Claims  ...
t Sprint chairman vows to fix Sprint's 'horrible' 4G network
b Target's CEO Departure Isn't Just About The Data Breach
e 'Noah' Basks In Warmer Ratings After Early Flood Of Critical Scorn
b Trulia Downgraded by William Blair to "Market Perform" (TRLA)
t Alibaba founder eyes US listing - and next challenge
b IBM in tug of war between legacy and the leading edge
e Justin Bieber Apologizes For Racist Joke Made In Leaked Video
e Mila Kunis Pregnant, Baby Bump on 'Ellen;' Ashton Kutcher Fiance Reveals  ...
e The Bachelor Finale We Didn't See Coming!
b Consumer Stocks Rising in Monday Trade; Hertz Global Said Near Deal to Spin  ...
e Beyoncé Posts Photos with Jay Z and Daughter after Fuelling Cheating Rumors
e Dylan's Like a Rolling Stone lyrics fetch $2m record
b Unemployment in Scotland down by 6000 to 6.9%
e Dominique Strauss-Kahn's ex-wife 'disgusted' by film portrayal
t Apple's larger Iphones said to start mass output next month
t Judgment Day: Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer faces key decisions as windfall from  ...
t So OKCupid's CEO Turns Out To Have An Ugly Political Past As Well
e Harrison Ford Will Take Eight Weeks Off from 'Star Wars' to Recover from Ankle  ...
t FTC Says Facebook, WhatsApp Must Honor User Privacy Policies (1)
e Neil Patrick Harris Shows Off His Giant Trouser Snake
e Stones leave Perth after Scott suicide
b EBay Inc. (NASDAQ:EBAY) Comes to a Truce with Icahn Carl
b Airbus loses $16bn Emirates order, Rolls Royce share price drops
e Supreme Court hears streaming TV case; decision could affect broadcast  ...
e Peaches Geldof found dead in Wrotham home, sparking emotional tribute from  ...
m Oscar Pistorious psychological report due on Monday
t Cosmos: Does Neil DeGrasse Tyson Carry the Torch?
e 100-pound Towson gymnast conquers obstacle course
b BlackBerry Ltd earnings live: John Chen 'pleased' with results as smartphone  ...
b Yahoo Japan Drops Plan To Acquire EAccess From SoftBank
t Amazon's Kindle Unlimited offers 600000 e-books f...
e Jay-Z Busts Producer Who Stole $20 Million Worth Of Master Recordings?
e Beyonce Shuns Kim Kardashian For Rihanna!
e Ray J Offers Early Wedding Gift to Kim Kardashian & Kanye West
b Experts stress importance of getting health insurance
e Star Wars' Samuel L Jackson Insists 'Something Went Terrible Awry' To Cause  ...
e Lindsay Lohan sues over 'Grand Theft Auto V' video game
e Bob Dylan Lyrics for 'Like a Rolling Stone' Sell for $2M
b Marissa Mayer explains why you should try Yahoo
b Hong Kong main index hits highest since December on optimism, property gains
e Avicii hospitalized from blocked gall bladder, superstar DJ pulls out of Ultra  ...
e George Clooney slams Daily Mail for "inciting violence" with fiancée story
t NASA set to blast Mars “Flying Saucer” over the Pacific
m Stem cell scientist wants report pulled
e Obama takes Cinco de Mayo event to talk immigration reform
e JK Rowling gives readers a glimpse of post-Hogwarts Harry Potter in a new...
e Actor Accused of Killing Wife Has Big Money Problems
b British industrial output drops in May
t Watch Dogs Midnight Release at GameStop, Best Buy (Deals, Price, Launch  ...
b World shares hover near record high
b Autos and construction fuel US job growth
m Study Finds Increased Chance of Autism for Children Born Near Commercial  ...
m Ebola crisis in West Africa deepens; 500+ dead
b Public Knowledge to Hill: AT&T/DirecTV Should Be Blocked
b Vienna stocks lose appeal as emerging Europe worries investors
t Microsoft (MSFT), Dell Enter Patent Licensing Agreement
b Samsung expects profit plunge in second quarter
e 'Survivor' contestant killed in railway accident:...
e Cross is a symbol that moves us to new life
t US in prime position to see full lunar eclipse tomorrow
t China plan to cap emissions seen turning point in climate talks
m International experts land in Abu Dhabi to investigate Mers outbreak
b Burger King Owners to Use Unusual Strategy to Avoid Anti-Inversion Penalty
t A Roundup of Politicians' First Tweets
t UPDATE 2-US FCC looking into slow Internet download speeds
e Jesus had a wife, say scientists, as ancient papyrus scroll verified
t 4 Popular Android Chromecast Apps
t 'Golden' Samsung Galaxy S5 smartphone now available at Rs 51500 online
b Alibaba, based in China, risks Japan Inc malaise
e Watch 'Hercules' Trailer with Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson
e 'Of Mice and Men,' theater review
b 'Candy Crush Saga' maker nears IPO that could value it at more than $7 billion
t Google Acquires Music Streaming Startup Songza
e Avicii to cancel Dubai gig?
t Starbucks begins adding free phone charging stations in stores
e VIDEO: Teen's Michael Jackson Talent Show Performance Goes Viral!
e No, 'Newman' From 'Seinfeld' Is Not Dead
e 'The Bachelorette': Andi Dorfman on emotions of that Eric Hill scene
m Cloning breakthrough: Scientists create patient-specific stem cells from adults  ...
m Pierce County remains near bottom third among Washington's County Health  ...
e Divergent Team Hit Back At Hunger Games Comparisions: 'People Have  ...
b Amazon entices authors as fight with Hachette drags on
b After dismal first quarter, rosy outlook emerging
t Five Apps to Make Your iPhone and Mac Work Together Even Better
e Halle Berry Addresses Her Mysterious Space Pregnancy on 'Extant' (Video)
b Chinese trade figures deal further blows to confidence
t Report: Google making Project Tango-esque tablet that can map 3D surroundings
b US files first charges on hacking, infuriating China
t 'Flappy Bird' app will return — but not soon
t Dinosaur footprints set for display
t Are you ready for the next Heartbleed bug?
t Comcast Today: A Shower of Money in DC
b How to Invest in IPOs
t Hands-on: With the LG G3, we hope you like pixels
e Pamela Anderson Raped at Age 12
e Inside The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's Very Sporty Weekend
e Chart Watch: Del Rey and Smith Soar
e 10 Reasons Why We're Still Obsessed With Jennifer Lawrence
b Tesla retail stores to remain in New York State
e Paltrow's mom upset about 'uncoupling' news
b Treasurys surge, snap 4-day losing streak
e Zac Efron, Seth Rogen, and Jimmy Fallon think James Franco is 'ew'
e “Babies On Board” Featurette For 'Neighbors' – Starring Seth Rogen, Zac Efron  ...
m FAST FACTS AFRICA: Sierra Leone
t Apple launches cheaper iPhone 5C version...
b Twitter COO Ali Rowghani Announces His Departure In A Tweet
t Mercedes recalls 31000 C-Class cars in Canada for rust problem
e David Brenner, late-night TV favorite with record 'Tonight Show' appearances  ...
e Olivia Wilde Welcomes Baby Boy Otis Alexander Sudeikis
b UnitedHealth Group (UNH) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Thursday
e Hello, goodbye: McCartney cancels
e Gary Oldman's Apology On Jimmy Kimmel VIDEO
e Pitbull Debuts Official World Cup Song: Listen to 'We Are One' Feat. Jennifer Lopez
t Gas price climb showing signs of easing
e Required Reading: The 'Star Wars' Outrage Edition
b GSE Systems, Inc. Set to Join Russell Microcap Index
b World in Brief
e So now you can Goopify your relationship status 11:40AM
b EU chief urges Russia, Ukraine to strike deal in gas row
b Barclays shares plummet amid US lawsuit
e Ignoring alzheimer's a big mistake
t AMD Announces Ambidextrous Computing Roadmap
e Jerry Lewis Clarifies: 'Woman Are Funny But Not If They're Crude'
e Jessica Simpson - Jessica Simpson bans cameras from wedding
b General Motors suspends PE operations over Numsa strike
b Senator Nearly Hit by Train During a Train Safety Event
e Kanye Goes on Rant About Fashion Industry, Reveals He Knew He'd Always  ...
t Apple talks streaming TV service with Comcast using set-top box
e 'The Bachelorette' 2014: Andi Dorfman talks about death of Eric Hill
t Battery Life On The New iPhone 6 - A Win Or A Disappointment? You Be The  ...
t Samsung flagship smartphone goes on sale worldwide
t Air bags prompt new GM recall
b Euro to Pound Exchange Rate (EUR/GBP) weaker, EUR/USD at session lows
b PF Chang's Breach Investigation Becomes a Balancing Act
e French Montana Wanted In Court For Driving Without License
t Facebook Is Expanding the Way It Tracks You and Your Data
b Herbalife Comments On FTC Inquiry
e Oprah creates tea drink for Starbucks
b Lower Provisions Drive SunTrust Q1 Earnings - Analyst Blog
b Holder's bank warning sparks caution, criticism
e Rap Genius co-founder Mahbod Moghadam resigns after Elliot Rodger comments
e Film Review: Aronofsky's 'Noah' is everything — except boring
b Malaysia Airlines flight MH370: Distraught families told by text message to  ...
b VMware delivers strong Q1
e There's no Easter, no resurrection without the cross
t SpaceX Predicts Reusable Rocket Landing by Year's End
m Relay for Life set for May 3
b Snapchat Has Gone Global - These Are The Countries Where It Has Reached  ...
m Wealthier teens more likely to smoke hookah: study
e 'Mad Men' as an exploration of human fallenness
e Is Comedy A Priority At Fox?
m Top 10 worst cities for spring allergies
e WATCH: Beyonce And Jay Z Shock With Short Film Featuring Jake Gyllenhaal  ...
m 'Bionic Pancreas' a Major Breakthrough for Type 1 Diabetics
b IMF Predicts Surplus for Russian Federal Budget in 2014
t Cisco Plans "World's Largest Global Intercloud"
t New Smart not yet confirmed for Oz
e Vinyl trend has music fan spinning
m Autism now affects 1 in 68
b WWE Raw results, live blog (June 30, 2014): Money in the Bank fallout show
m Ebola virus outbreak: July 31 as it happened
b Is JC Penney on the road to recovery?
e Stage Door:
t Windows 'Threshold': More on Microsoft's plan to win over Windows 7 users
e Watch Christina Grimmie Sing on The Voice 2014 Live Shows, April 21, 2014  ...
e Olivia Wilde Gave Birth To a Child of the Male Persuasion
e Bettie Page's pin-up photographer, Bunny Yeager, dies at 85
m Endocyte Announces Phase 2b TARGET Trial Results Evaluating Vintafolide  ...
m Strangers help with photo in midst of tragedy - FOX Carolina 21
e Hollywood star Shia LaBeouf appears in court after arrest at Broadway show
b Year's a grind, but S&P 500 closes above 1900 for first time
m OU's Julia Doyle helps USA Collegiate National Team win gold
m The blood test that could help prevent SUICIDE: People with certain gene  ...
e L'Wren Scott Suicide News Update: How Much Would It Cost To Cancel  ...
b Median CEO Pay Tops $10 Million For The First Time
e OMG, Kanye West! Kim Kardashian bares both cleavage and side-boob by  ...
m Vapers bemoan spreading e-cigarette bans
t Smart Elephants
b ACC, Ambuja gain 2% on Holcim-Lafarge merger news
m Smoking ban reduces pre-term births‚ childhood asthma
b Obamacare reaches end of first chapter
e Chelsea Handler leaving talk show?
b Murdoch's Time Warner Bid Puts Spotlight on CNN
t Paris launches car ban in latest smog crackdown
t July 4th pump prices on the rise
b Lew Supports Funding Change for Disability Program
m Ebola in Guinea Threatens to Spread as Unicef Responds
e New York College To Offer 'Miley Cyrus' Course
b European stock markets mixed before Fed report
m The 10 Most Obese Countries in the World Have Been Revealed, and We've  ...
b GM WILL INVEST $12 BILLION IN CHINA
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Wireless Charging Back Cover Now Available
e EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS - Jessica Simpson Makes Final Preparations For Her  ...
b ECB boss under pressure to clip value of surging euro
e Lindsay Lohan Knows Who Leaked Her VERY REAL Sex List! Find Out Whom  ...
e Watch: Crosby, Stills, Nash and Pseudo-Young Sing Iggy Azalea's "Fancy"
b Veterans' unemployment edges down but remains high
t HTC promises Android L on all One (M7), (M8) models ASAP
e Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.: What Is the Blue Alien? One Theory Debunked!
b A $25 an hour minimum wage? It may happen in Switzerland.
e Kim Kardashian's wardrobe malfunction en route Met Gala! Watch video
e Carol Channing, Cher, Stephanie J. Block & More React to Passing of Mickey  ...
e Fargo (FX) Episode 2 “The Rooster Prince”
e Newspaper round-up: Eurovision winner, summer heatwave and tax avoidance
b China Russia sign USD 400 billion gas supply deal
t Furniture salesman becomes mathematical savant following brain injury
b Visa and MasterCard Stop Servicing Several Russian Banks
b AT&T strikes deal for DirecTV worth $67.1 billion
e Marvel Appoint Scott Derrickson To Direct 'Doctor Strange'
e Miley Cyrus Gets Sexy in Sequins on New Elle Magazine Cover (PHOTO)
e Kathryn Bigelow and Todd Field line up rival Bowe Bergdahl movie projects
e How 'Spider-Man 2' goes wrong with Gwen Stacy (SPOILERS!)
b Premarket: China data, Crimea fears hit European shares
m Portland boil water alert: Live updates
t Your Apple iPhone can surprise you
m Training Programs Protect Young Athletes From ACL Tears: Report
e Mad Men's Robert Morse on Dancing for Jon Hamm, His Bursting Inbox, and  ...
b Review finds Boeing 787 met expected safety levels
e '22 Jump Street' earns $57M to take weekend box office
e US Embassy in Tel Aviv Makes History by Putting This Under the American Flag
e Batman TV Show Coming Back to TV. Will It Be as Popular 50 Years Later? Must  ...
t Phone Unlocking: Almost Legal, Still Not Easy
b Obamacare Sends Health Care Costs Skyrocketing (Again)
e 'Heaven Is for Real' Joins Parade of Faith-Based Movies at Easter Box Office
m Frostie the snow goat takes his first steps
m Company recalls over 4K lbs of beef due to mad cow fear
e Game of Thrones Season 4 Ep 4 "Oathkeeper" Review - What's Going On?
b Banking giant to cut 19000 jobs as investment arm suffers
e EXCLUSIVE! Shailene Woodley & The Stars Of Divergent Dish On Filming Fight  ...
b Sally Beauty: Credit Card Info Of 25K Customers Illegally Accessed, Might've  ...
e Star Wars icons have reunion dinner in London
e Celebs React To Mickey Rooney's Death On Twitter! So Sad!
m Bionic Pancreas Shows Promise for Diabetes Management
e Dancing With the Stars Season 18, Week 5 Recap: Which Fan-Favorite Couple  ...
b Police arrest 511 after big HK democracy rally
e Here's Hoping Kristen Stewart's New Short Haircut Will Make Her Relevant Again
m Sugar Lake Farms Chicken Tenders Recalled Over Labeling
e Kate Middleton Pregnant with Second Child: Pippa Middleton Confirms During  ...
t Samsung to introduce stand-alone Smartwatch
e Amazon Earnings Preview: Expect Impressive Growth Accompanied By Margin  ...
b It's No Toke: Colorado Pulls In Millions In Marijuana Tax Revenue
e Guardians of the Galaxy is Marvel's most out-there adventure yet
t Lowry: Political correctness strikes Mozilla
e Arnie is tender and nuanced in new flick - with heavy weapons
m The True Cost Of Childhood Obesity
t Microsoft (MSFT) Office for iPad an Important Directional Step - Nomura's Sherlund
t 5 things Android Wear must improve to send smartwatches mainstream
t Will Google (GOOGL) Stock Takeoff Today After TV Set-Top Box Introduction?
e 5 Things We Learned from Game Of Thrones Season 4,Episode 4: Oathkeeper
m Study: Friends share similarities in DNA
e Mariah Carey Fan Drops $1200 To Purchase Her New Album
b Twitter ban desperate move by PM, say Turkish journalists
t Google's Self-Driving Car Is Almost Here
t Verizon: US made 150000 customer info requests in 2014
m OMsignal Workout Shirt Monitors Your Health Stats
e Miley Cyrus' 'Bangerz Tour' concert special on NBC scores low in ratings
t When Is the First Day of Spring 2014?
b Twitter Q1 beats estimates with $250M in revenue
e Nick Cannon Wears Whiteface, Ignites Controversy — See the Pic! (PHOTO)
t Nintendo Celebrates the Game Boy's 25th Anniversary - Part 1
b Wal-Mart's new tool gives competitors prices - 8 Hours Ago
b GBP/USD is up an above 1.6600 after strong retail sales report
e Zara stores pull shirt after Holocaust controversy
m 1st case of chikungunya virus acquired inside U.S. confirmed in Florida
b Why Southwest Airlines (LUV) Stock Is UpToday
e President Obama Dedicates the 9/11 Museum to the Man in the Red Bandanna
t Tech Data details Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 B2B marketing push
t Android L for Nexus 5, 7 is here: Top 5 Android 5.0 features we love - Google I/O  ...
e Xtina's pink cloud of happiness
e Jay-Z, Solange Best Fight Memes [PHOTOS/ VIDEO]: Did Jay Z, Beyonce  ...
m Lebanon takes preventative measures against Ebola
m Chronic Inflammation Linked to Prostate Cancer
b Tele2 sells Norway business to TeliaSonera for SEK 5.1 bln
e Rolf Harris will be stripped of the Bafta Fellowship he was awarded two years ago
b Streisand Effect Takes Hold As Turkey Bans Twitter
b US Fed gives banks more time on Volcker rule detail
e Colin Firth leaves Paddington Bear Movie
b Court upholds pollution rules for power plants
e Jimmy Fallon peeks up Heidi Klum's dress in human wheel stunt: Watch
e Taylor Swift Made More Money Than Anyone Else in Music Last Year
b Dollar Snapping Back Versus Euro As ECB Stimulus Seen Likely
e 'Insurgent' Has Officially Been Given The Green Light For 2015, Not That You  ...
b Pound Forecasts Boosted to Highest Since 2011 on BOE Rate Bets
e Lindsay Lohan reports miscarriage
e TFIOS Stars Ansel Elgort and Shailene Woodley are “Close” Off-Screen  ...
b Rajan leaves key rate unchanged
t FTC Advises Facebook On WhatsApp Privacy Policies
b Red Lobster Seafood Chain Sold For $2.1 Billion By Darden Restaurants
m Ebola death toll reaches 467 in West Africa
m 40 Vets Died Waiting for Care at Phoenix VA
b Equity indexes up on Apple, Ukraine tempers rise
t Battery-production problems delay anorexic 5.5-inch 'iPhone Air'
b Here's why Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) is down today; ending March  ...
e Rapper Wiz Khalifa addresses El Paso arrest in video; says he took selfie after  ...
m Study: Nearly 1 in 5 High School Seniors Smokes Hookah
e Kim Kardashian Lands in Cannes While Kanye West Flies Out
b Herbalife Ltd. (HLF) China Questions: Bill Ackman Speaks [LIVE]
e Robert Downey Jr.'s son arrested on cocaine possession charges
t FCC Chairman Insults Consumers' Intelligence With Attempt To Defend Flimsy  ...
e Khloe Kardashian And Scott Disick Head Out To The Hamptons For Some Retail  ...
t Should You Take a Chance With Google?
e Lana Del Rey's boyfriend denies breakup
b Consumer sentiment on the rise
e Stephen Colbert Accused of Making Racist Joke, Prompting #CancelColbert  ...
t Five reasons to upgrade from a Microsoft Surface Pro to a Surface Pro 3
b Zynga names David Lee to replace outgoing CFO Vranesh
e Review: Sloppy 'Tammy' shows veers McCarthy in the wrong direction
b Gazprom CEO says gas supply deal with China may affect European prices
e Seth Rogen talks This Is the End, and getting older in real life
e Leonardo DiCaprio, Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu Team Up for 'Revenant'
e Global Citizen Festival 2014: Jay Z, No Doubt to Headline
m Up to 100 passengers on board doomed MH17 'were experts headed for  ...
t Ripples in Space Time Observed from Big Bang, Supporting Universe Inflation  ...
t GM-made small cars recalled by Suzuki for fire problem
e Chelsea Handler to end 'Chelsea Lately' in August
e MTV Movie Awards Winners Updated Live
t Microsoft to launch Office for iPad on March 27th
b Oracle Stock Tumbles on Weak 3QFY14 Results; Company to Focus on  ...
t Apple rolls out iPhone 5 battery replacement program
b US stocks shift higher after rough week; Investors encouraged by retail sales  ...
b Poll: Uninsured drops in key states
e Sandra Bullock confronted stalker inside her home, report says
e Veronica Mars receives world premiere to much fanfare at SXSW
e 'Girls' season 4: Which actor is heading to Broadway later this summer?
e Ricky Gervais: 'Muppets inspired my comedy career'
t GM Offering Bonuses to Speed Up Recall
e Guardians Of The Galaxy Has Best Late Night Opening Of 2014
b Shock fall: UK manufacturing production drops in May
b Average US 30-year mortgage rate falls to 4.21 percent
e Jonah Hill Sorry for Saying 'Faggot'
b Union Pacific Corp. (UNP) Tops Q1 EPS by 1c
b Free McDonald's Coffee for Two Weeks Due to Breakfast Wars
b Vietnam stops anti-China protests after riots
e Producer is the last minute replacement for Avicii
e Shailene Woodley Arrives Shoeless At 'The Fault In Our Stars' Premiere
b King serves up bittersweet results
b Will Chinas Mutual Recognition Expand? 3 China Funds to Buy
e If life is better than it used to be, why are we not as happy?
e George Strait, Miranda Lambert Win Big at ACM Awards
b A separate manufacturing facility, Mahindra GenZe, will be located in Ann Arbor.
b U.S. 30-year mortgage rates down for third consecutive week
b Stock Futures Dip Amid Mixed Blue-Chip Earnings
m Country Risks Ebola Virus Outbreak With Porous Borders - Minister
t Samsung Gear 2: Specs, Features And Review
b Forty thousand workers strike at shoe manufacturer in southern China
t American Lung Association 'State of the Air' report shows Bronx air pollution
b Obama administration reverses proposed cut to Medicare plans
t Pluto moon Charon may once have hidden giant, warm oceans beneath its surface
e Jonah Hill addresses gay slur controversy on TV
e Watch Every Performance From The 2014 BET Awards
e Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles trailer: Heroes in a half-dreaded shell
e Israeli families gather for ritual Passover meal - WHLT 22 Connecting the Pine Belt
e 'The Bachelorette' spoilers 2014 premiere: Juan Pablo, Andi Dorfman meet again
b Bad weather hurts Wal-Mart in 1Q, outlook weak - WBOC-TV 16, Delmarvas  ...
t Apple planning 12.9-inch iPad for 2015: Report
b Medicare advantage cuts pose political threat
t UN document states that climate change is man-made, and potentially highly  ...
e 'Designing Women' Star Meshach Taylor Dead at 67
e 'Grand Theft Auto' Crew Sued By Lindsay Lohan For Basing Obnoxious  ...
b Amazon's Bezos outlines grocery, drone plans
e L'Wren Scott Death Declared Suicide
t Google said to be prepping Project Tango tablet with 3D image capture capability
t Halo 5: Guardians – 'Xbox One allows things we've never done before'
t Google is starting to build its own self-driving car
t Facebook rolls out Nearby Friends feature; how to turn it off
m Guinea: Airport passengers screened for Ebola
b NY: High-Frequency Firm Tradebot Swam in Barclays Pool
b Indiana's Unemployment Rate Falls Below 6 Percent
m Increasing HIV Awareness
e BET honour Lionel Richie with the Lifetime Achievement award
m Energy Drink Consumption Linked To Smoking, Unhealthy Behavior In  ...
b French president: Far-right win painful
t 5 simple tools that help In mobile app development
t Super trendy smoke alarm firm explains recall snafu
e Zac Efron Reportedly Back On Drug Habits, Never Went To Rehab As Claimed
m Today's parents less able to spot obesity in their kids, study shows
m Pesticide exposure during pregnancy linked to autism
b Dollar Traders Countdown To The FOMC Decision
e Pink Floyd to release first album in 20 years in October
b Police no longer suspect Texas man in Target data breach
e 'Guardians of the Galaxy' family members from NW enjoy Hollywood premiere
t Oops: Angry driver gets a little instant karma
e Illinois woman's win streak on 'Jeopardy!' ends
t MICROSOFT WARNS OF INTERNET EXPLORER RISK
t Spending Billions on Acquisitions, Facebook Is Starting to Look Like HP
b 29 of 30 big banks pass Fed's stress test
b Wall Street rebounds
m Unintended danger from antidepressant warnings
t Walmart cuts iPhone prices
b Tesla's Battery Play Could Blindside Utility Companies
t Apple, Other Tech Firms Formally Agree To $325 Mln Hiring Accord
b American Apparel Suspends Dov Charney As CEO; Names John Luttrell Interim  ...
b Fed Minutes: Expect QE To End In October
m Ebola outbreak rages in West Africa
b Tech Watch: Key Board Changes at Google and Hewlett-Packard
b London shares gain on strong US retail sales, Citi earnings
m Gilead Down on Sovaldi Price Issue
e 'American Idol' eliminates another finalist and determines Top 3
e Film review: New 'Transformers' is loud, long, bloated and silly - but fans won't care
b Ford Debuts Escort Sedan for China, It's Brown [2014 Beijing Auto Show]
b EPA proposes rule to regulate carbon emissions from existing fossil fuel-fired  ...
e Amy Purdy Dancing With the Stars Jazz Video 5/12/14 #DWTS #Semifinals
t Samsung inadvertently calls the Galaxy S5's display obsolete
t Microsoft opens Star Trek frontier in translation technology
b Education is key to tackling income inequalities
m A Healthier Outlook as Medicare Celebrates 49 Years
b British bank Barclays announces plans to axe 19000 jobs
e 'The Bachelorette' Recap: One Guy Gets Sent Home Early
e Angelina Jolie made a dame in Queen's birthday honours
t Apple settles e-book price-fixing lawsuit, avoiding potential $840M judgement
e Actor Robert De Niro gatecrashes home to watch Germany v USA
t Fallout from collapse of Japanese bitcoin exchange prompts bankruptcy filing
e Kim Kardashian Responds to Wedding Rumours
e Thanks Hollywood: Barbie, Marshmallow Peeps & 'It's A Small World' Movies In  ...
e 'Bachelorette' 2014 Contestant Eric Hill Dead: Utah Resident Dies after  ...
b Blonde Go-Getter Fined $1 Million in Bank of America Fraud Case
b TECH STOCKS: Yahoo Rallies; 'Holy Alibaba,' Says Analyst
b Asian stocks up as earnings season starts
b NBC News Uncritically Swallows HHS Obamacare 'Surge' Number
m Alaska Puts Free Pregnancy Tests in Bars
b US consumer spending up 0.3 percent in Feb.
b Citi, Four Others Fail Stress Tests
m Measles cases rising in U.S.; Eau Claire hasn't seen one
e Bob Dylan lyrics fetch $2 million in New York auction, but no sale for John  ...
b Posted by Muhammad Iqbal
b HHS OKs extra time to enroll for health care
e 'Breaking Bad' Wins Best Drama For Final Season
b Carney Says Rates Could Rise Sooner Than Markets Expect
b WTO shadow hangs over Kerry-Swaraj dialogue
b WWE Network Schedule for Week of June 29
t Android L is coming. Here's everything you need to know
m OMsignal Unveils Biometric Shirts
e Film round-up
e Malia Obama is working on the new Halle Berry series
m Gilead Sciences: How Big a Threat is Merck?
m US report shows Arkansas' childhood autism rate doubles; boys more likely to  ...
t June Xbox One Update Features Revealed
b Inmarsat offers free tracking
e Mutants conquer Godzilla at theaters
e SORRY LADIES! New Evidence Suggests Ryan Gosling Might Be Gay
e SXSW 2014: The winners and losers at the Texas music festival
t Gas Prices Fall 1.5 Cents in PA
t Kia recalls nearly 52000 cars
b Beijing sends evacuation ships to Vietnam
e News: American Idol's Emily Piriz: The Judges "Have Been a Little Harder On Us  ...
t TSLA: FTC Officials Come Out in Tesla's Corner Over Direct Sales Ban
b Fed Saw Investors as Too Complacent on Risk as Exit Plan Evolves
e Movie review: 'Days of Future Past' ranks among the best entries in 'X-Men  ...
e Stars hit red carpet for MTV Movie Awards
t Vic Gundotra, The Man Behind Google+, Is Leaving Google
t Google Executive Says No iPhone Features Were Copied For Android
b How Amazon Is Tony Soprano
e The Bachelor Host Unsure Of Gay Edition Potential: 'Is It A Good Business  ...
b Consumer Credit Hits $3.13 Trillion
e The Final 'How I Met Your Mother' Scene Was Filmed 8 Years Ago
b Hewlett-Packard Company's "Outperform" Rating Reaffirmed at Wells Fargo  ...
t Microsoft continues Nokia's Android smartphone range
t AT&T hacker 'weev' to walk free after appeals court agrees to vacate conviction
t 2015 Corvette Z016 Convertible Debuts at New York Auto Show
e Mad Men Season 7 Exclusive Sneak Peek: Don Draper is Back! (VIDEO)
b Cut the Rope studio challenges King's 'candy' trademark in EU
t Android bugs leave every smartphone and tablet vulnerable to privilege escalation
b To Prevent Another Rana Plaza, Build Better Societies, Not Just Better Factories
b Amazon Raises Fee for Prime Shipping
t Did a TV station censor evolution out of 'Cosmos'?
b Alcoa To Acquire Firth Rixson; Shares Up 5%
t Tesla's (NASDAQ:TSLA) Move is Could Open More Lucrative Revenue Streams  ...
m Costco recalls freeze-dried fruit snacks for possible salmonella
e Horrible Bosses 2 Teaser Trailer Reunites The Entire Cast, Tells Us Nothing  ...
t Google may open first-ever retail store in New York
e Rapper arrested for firearms in fatal concert shooting probe
b Broad US job growth helps high school grads
e Juan Pablo Galavis Explains Why He Is 'Not A Bad Guy;' 'The Bachelor' Star  ...
e Miley Cyrus craps on the Beatles, and is high while doing it!
t Apple, IBM Team Up To Give iOS A Boost In Business Settings
b Ohio earthquakes linked to fracking new
b Lawmakers pelt embattled Hong Kong leader at government meeting
t Galaxy S5, iPhone 5S And HTC One M8 Get Drop Tested (Video)
e Here's the Lost Andy Warhol Work Discovered After 30 Years on a Floppy Disk
b Jet that mysteriously ended up in Iran is registered to Bank of Utah under trustee  ...
e 'Don't Believe The BS': Scooter Braun Defends Justin Bieber After Visiting  ...
e Neil Young founds music service
e Who Is Winning the Game of Thrones?
b Dollar begins the day higher...
e Goodbye, Glitter Pit; Hello, Erin Andrews! Tom Bergeron Talks 'Dancing With the  ...
t Samsung Galaxy S5 recognized as having best smartphone display
t Nest recalls half a million smart smoke detectors
e Bryan Singer's accuser names three more Hollywood insiders in sex abuse case
e Nikki Ferrell Thinks Juan Pablo Galavis Slept With Her Best Friend — Report
t Watch Dogs Screenshots in 4K Resolution Taken from Final PC Version of the  ...
b 10/05/2014Amazon pressure tactics reported in Hachette contract talks
e Kathy Kmonicek, File / AP Photo
e X-Men Director Accused of Sexual Abuse in Lawsuit
e Best of Hangout Fest Friday
b Gold consolidates below 2-month high; weaker shares, Iraq support
b The Undertaker: 10 Best WWE Stories From Shoot Interviews
b Health law changes take hold but acceptance eludes "Obamacare" as sign-up  ...
e Seth Rogen, James Franco poke fun at 'Vogue'
t Report: Google I/O Last Likely Chance to See HTC Nexus 9 Debut
e Beyoncé And Solange Pose For Happy Photo Together
t Second Apple Patent Suit Vs. Samsung Ropes In Google
t Chromecast released in UK for £30
e 'Community' unlikely to be revived as creator Dan Harmon moves on
b Friday Morning Business Brief
e Journey's Steve Perry randomly, majestically comes out of retirement at an Eels  ...
t Can giving away trade secrets benefit business?
m Minnesota Bans Common Anti-Bacterial Chemical in Hygiene Products
e 'Dancing With the Stars' upsets NeNe Leakes, Meryl Davis with 'Switch Up' week
e U.S. long weekend a box office blockbuster
t Google Helps Kick Off April Fools' Day With Pokémon Mapping [VIDEO]
b It's The End Of The Line For Buying Booze On Metro-North Trains
m Foster Farms Products Recalled, Tied to 16-Month Salmonella Outbreak
b US jobless claims tick up
e Johnny Winter Dies at 70
t Southeast, southwest Alaska communities at highest risk from ocean  ...
m 28/03/2014No Guinea travel warning despite Ebola outbreak: WHO
b US regulator launches investigation into Herbalife
e Drunk Charlie Sheen hangs out in drive-thru (EXPLICIT)
t LG Unveils Smart Solutions for Smarter Cars at Google I/O 2014
b NTSB says parasailing 'risky' after Hawaii investigation
t Ancient Arachnid Fossil Reveals a Four-Eyed Daddy Long Legs
e Edgar Wright Will No Longer Direct Marvel's 'Ant-Man' Film
t Heartbleed Bug Can Expose Private Server Key, Says Reports
b Russia to Cut Gas Supply to Ukraine
b European stocks stage modest rebound
e Gwar frontman David Brockie died of heroin overdose: Coroner
t Privacy Watchdog Group Files Complaint Against Facebook: They “Messed With  ...
b US Economy Shrinks More Than Expected
b Oil falls as fear fades over Iraq conflict
b Bank of America, Citigroup Might Face Lawsuits
t Apple MacBook Pro with Retina display variants get faster performance at lower  ...
e Stacy Keibler weds tech entrepreneur in Mexico
t Apple's Healthbook and Google's Android Wear
e VIDEO: SNTV - Jamie Lynn Spears Reportedly Tying The Knot With Jamie Watson
b For Yellen, a Little Advice From Her Husband
b Dollar steady to lower vs. rivals, U.S. data ahead
t Microsoft's Nokia Devices and Services acquisition completes Friday April 25
b US adds 2.09 lakh jobs in July; unemployment rises to 6.2%
e Miranda Kerr 'embarrassed by Bieber, Bloom brawl'
t Facebook will soon let you share your exact location with Nearby Friends
t Chinese media calls for 'severe punishment' for Google, Apple, US tech firms
e Lena Dunham gets butt naked to spoof Girls on Saturday Night Live - WATCH
b EU names 15 new targets for sanctions, including head of Russian general staff
e CHELSEA LATELY Live Finale Airs Tonight on E!
e Higher Education: College Offers 'The Sociology of Miley Cyrus' Course
e Peta Murgatroyd says why Brooke Burke was replaced on Dancing With The  ...
t HTC One (M8) Google Play Edition goes on sale
b UK inflation rate falls sharply to 1.5%, according to Consumer Price Index
b Report – Next Mercedes G Class to get complete makeover
b On Big Policy Thursday, Pick Your Focus Carefully
e 'The Bachelorette': Did Producers Tell Nick to Shame Andi?
e Mick Jagger devastated over girlfriend L'Wren Scott's death, Rolling Stones  ...
t Google's smart thermostat, Nest, is upon us
b Strong Quarter Makes Boeing Worth A Closer Look
t Coming soon: print your own makeup in any colour
m Study Questions Tamiflu's Effectiveness
e Taylor Swift Keeping Elite Company on "Forbes" Celebrity 100 List
e SCOTUS preview: The lawyers behind ABC v Aereo
e South by Southwest bromance may be over
b Treasury Plans to Sell 95M Ally Financial Shares
m Study: Do Healthy Women Need an Annual Pelvic Exam?
e Game of Thrones: A Song of the Sofa
e Justin Bieber Covers the Beatles, Duets With Carly Rae Jepsen at Scooter  ...
b UPDATE 1-Hotel chain La Quinta makes subdued debut in crowded IPO market
t Samsung may launch 'A' series smartphones soon
e Watch Jimmy Fallon Impersonate Neil Young with Crosby, Stills and Nash
e Hidden Pablo Picasso Portrait Found Under Famous Painting
t Google Glass Goes On Sale, For One Day Only
e Brandi Glanville "Shut Out" of Lady Gaga's "GUY" Video?
b Data deleted from Malaysian pilot's flight simulator
e Box Office Analysis 2014: 'Neighbors' Destroys Not-So-Amazing 'Spider-Man  ...
e Blame Outkast for delayingFrank Ocean's new album
e Avicii Hospitalized, Cancels Ultra Music Festival Appearance
m Athlete tested for Ebola, other ailments at Commonwealth Games but all tests  ...
t Smartphone outlook: Apple, Samsung domination won't end anytime soon
e Colin Firth in 'conscious uncoupling' from Paddington Bear film
e Watch! Hilary Duff releases comeback video
b Twitter COO Rowghani resigns (TWTR)
b Tesco FY Statutory Profit Climbs, Underlying Earnings Down - Quick Facts
t Viewpoints: Reaction to third UN climate report
e Kim Kardashian lands Vogue cover with Kanye West; Al Roker fakes meltdown  ...
b Stock Market Turns Mixed Today Following Early Morning Sell Off
e Mon., 9:42am: Barbara Walters sets May 16 for exit
t eBay Asks 145 Million Users to Change Passwords
e 'Game of Thrones' breaks piracy record
e Eurovision: 'One Direction would win it for the UK'
e Justin Bieber Shows Love For Selena On Instagram!
e 'The Bachelorette': Did Andi Dorfman Choose Josh or Nick?
b New banks post EC nod; on-tap permits, special banks soon
e Rolf Harris Convicted for Sex Offence Charges, BAFTA and CBE Could be  ...
e Rumer Willis' sister Scout goes topless in NY against Instagram
e Sweeten your inbox
t A touch too late: iPad Office lost the race to the cloud
t Harley-Davidson unveils its first electric motorcycle: "Think fighter jet on an  ...
e 5 Nikolaj Coster-Waldau projects, For April 24 Insider
t T-Mobile adds Gold Samsung Galaxy S5, Galaxy Note 10.1 LTE to its lineup
b Level 3 to boost backbone with $7.3 bn deal
t T-Mobile stores receive Samsung Galaxy S5 this weekend
e Lena, Geena & Hayden -- See The Worst Dressed Stars of Emmys' Past!
b Eurosceptic party National Front party wins EU elections in France
b Who's to blame for the breakdown in the Ukraine-Russia gas talks?
e Adrienne Bailon Instagram Defends Rob Kardashian 'Disloyal' Boyfriend  ...
t Verizon Wireless Grows Network
e TV ratings: 'America's Got Talent' and 'Extreme Weight Loss' premieres up; 'I  ...
b Fannie Mae Q1 Stockholders' Net Loss Narrows - Quick Facts
e Whoopi Goldberg Is The Denver Post's New Pot Columnist
e Justin Bieber, Chris Brown reunite in the recording studio: '1 for the fans'
e We Don't Write About Kickstarter Campaigns, But... Potato Salad
b Obama: Financially Stable Ukraine Would Influence Russia
e Get Ready For Buff Hugh Jackman! X-Men Apocalypse And New Wolverine  ...
m 'MERS' kills two Filipinos
m Polio check: WHO officially declares India polio-free
e You are here: Home News French News Cannes darling Loach says making  ...
e 'Fargo' gives Thornton chiller TV role
e Jada Pinkett Smith - Jada Pinkett Smith is still besotted with Will Smith
b California poised to crack down on water wasters -- $500 fines possible
e Justin Bieber - Justin Bieber: Sorry I didn't bow down to Seth Rogen
b McDonald's can be named a 'joint employer'
m Regional cases of West Nile virus increase
m Schools offer free summer lunches to poor families
t Halo TV show and Quantum Break safe after Microsoft shuts down TV division
e Songwriter Jesse Winchester Dies
t Tesla Motors to share its patents
b 110 arrested outside McDonald HQ
b Pfizer defends "powerhouse" Astra deal as CEO braces for grilling
e AC/DC: 12 facts about the top-selling band
b Facebook Advertising Revenue Up 82 Percent Year On Year
m World Autism Awareness Day: What We Didn't Know
t UK Agency Invests in VFX House to Create Virtual Reality Content
b US economy bounces back in Q2
t Lawsuits claim GM recall not wide enough
b Economy shrank 2.9percent in first quarter of 2014 - the steepest decline since  ...
t Google car... No driver, no brakes, no problem?
b Durable-goods orders climb 2.6% in March
e Bruce Springsteen among those to fete Rock Hall class
e Pop Psychology: Robin Thicke isn't taking no for an answer with Get Her Back
t Using Android L: a first look at Google's future
e For Mickey Rooney, hosting 2006 OceanCity Doo-Dah parade was just grand
e Eminem reaches to mom on Mother's Day [VIDEO]
m Diabetics can Refuse to Let Go of Their Favourite Food with these Gluten Free  ...
e Noah Review
t Hubble captures expansive image of the universe
e `Game of Thrones' Promises Best Finale Ever
e Mr Peabody and Sherman stay out in front
t Twitter Inc. (TWTR) Records 25000 Tweets From This Guy, Every Day!
t 'Cherry tree from space' baffles Japan
e Kim Kardashian's Vogue flies off shelves
m Health officials confirm 2nd US case of deadly mystery virus
t You can now search the web by talking to Google in Thai
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Zoom to feature 20-megapixel sensor and 10x optical zoom?
t Windows Phone 9 Preview to arrive in first half of 2015
e What do you think of the new trailer for The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies
b UnitedHealth Sees Gains From Medicaid, Exchanges Next UNH CNC MOH
e San Diego Comic Con 2014 roundup
t Mysterious 'Magic Island' Appears On Saturn's Moon Titan
e Susan Sarandon - Susan Sarandon peer pressured into Tammy role
b DJIA and S&P Hit New Highs; Nasdaq Dips Slightly
b British Pound to Euro OUTLOOK: GPB/EUR Exchange Rate on Course for 1.23  ...
b Stocks Turn Higher Amid Earnings Flood
b Ford sees US 16 mln annualized auto sales rate, including big trucks
t PS4 1.70 Update Brings Two Major Features to the Console
m Excessive drinking causes 10% of deaths among working-age adults
e Danica McKellar Gets Eliminated from 'Dancing With the Stars'
e Is Lea Michele's new boyfriend a former gigolo? 9:40AM
e Dean McDermott, Tori Spelling and family
m Ebola Experts highlight problems in Sierra Leone
t Samsung Galaxy S5 flagship comes to Cricket for about $100 less
b Stocks rise as deals, data offset tension in Iraq
m Oscar Pistorius Psych Ruling 'Not Good' for Blade Runner, Expert Says
b Netflix confirms it wants to take Europe by storm next
b Egypt premier defends steep rise in energy prices
e Powdered Alcohol Approved by Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau
b Crude Oil Prices Drop as Libya Restores Production and Iraq Output Fears Fade
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Are Married, Wedding License Obtained
m Alarming spread of Ebola
e These Muppet Interviews Might Be Funnier Than The New Movie
b TAKE A LOOK-Asia inflation: Prices cool in Singapore, Vietnam
b UPDATE 2-VMware revenue beats estimates, but shares dip on sales delays
e Johnny Depp indirectly confirms engagement rumours
t iPhone 6 Sapphire screen demoed in new leaked video
t FTC to mobile carriers: If you could stop text scammers being jerks that'd be just  ...
b Data Storage Devices: EMC Corporation (NYSE:EMC), Brocade  ...
e Fast and Furious 7 to use CGI Walker
t PlayStation 4 Sales Top 7 Million Worldwide
e TV Weekend: Orphan is the new black
m Is this the end of the handshake?
e Third 'Captain America' to open in May 2016
b I stay, says under-fire Tesco boss
t Time Warner Cable Upgraded to Hold at UBS AG (TWC)
t 13 features the PS4 needs to be a kick-ass console
e 50 Cent accuses Beyoncé of aggressive confrontation
t Your Facebook Experience Was Never Emotionally Neutral
m In a first, scientists regrow auditory nerves in lab
b Natco Pharma slumps as US SC agrees to hear Teva appeal
b UPDATE 4-Finnish state snubs Weir's proposed tie-up with Metso
b Missing plane: Sonar kit in search for flight MH370
b Arizona Schools Going Solar To Generate Energy, Revenue
b No financial meltdown in sight
b Student Loan Debt of $1 Trillion Widens Wealth Gap
m Fruits, vegetables could cut stroke risk
e Miley Cyrus Refutes Jennifer Lawrence's Statements: 'That Never Happened!'
t Intel wants to sell its chips for 'eyes, ears, wrists and torso'
b Clothing firm in loan crisis
e Lady Gaga Premieres New Cheek to Cheek Album in an Elegant Kimono-Style  ...
b US job growth cools, jobless rate rises to 6.2%
e Johnny Depp Wears Amber Heard's Engagement Ring on the Red Carpet!
t Researchers Warn Google Glass Users Could Steal Passwords From Afar
t FTC Charges T-Mobile with Forcing Bogus Charges on Customers
e Rolf Harris's glittering career as family favourite now lies in tatters
t Tony Fadell and Nest are now in charge of Google's hardware initiatives
e Canton fire chief cautions against private fireworks
b Toyota moving US base from Calif. to Texas
t T-Mobile Offers Quadruple LTE Data On Simple Starter Plans
b Janet Yellen: Full employment, stable inflation 'plausible' by the end of 2016
t Samsung Galaxy S5 to outsell the S4: executive
b Euro heads back toward 3-month lows, yuan slides
e 'Jump Street' slays 'Dragon' to lead weekend box office
m Oscar Pistorius trial will resume after psychiatric evaluation
e New Powder Form Alcohol Approved By The Feds | News
e Juan Pablo Gay: That's Why The Bachelor Didn't Propose To Nikki Ferrell – Report
e The Sultan Of Brunei Just Imposed A Draconian Set Of Laws - Here's What They  ...
b Carpool Lanes Now Open On 405 In Sepulveda Pass
e Origins and Evolutions: The Sinister Six
e Gwyneth Paltrow Spotted Kissing Ex-Boyfriend Donovan Leitch Six Months  ...
b Yield hunt eases market return for bailed-out Cyprus
t HTC One (M8) Gets Full US Release at AT&T and Sprint
b Fear strikes out on Wall Street
b Under Yellen, Fed may tighten rules on banks
t Apple Shows Customers How to Get Refunds for 'Unauthorized In-App Purchases'
b IMF cuts Russia's growth forecast
e Paul Walker's brothers help complete movie
t Google Maps update for Android and iOS: Lane guidance, Uber integration and  ...
b 'The Lego Movie', 'Game of Thrones' boost Time Warner results
b US stock futures gain after earnings; inflation data
b Weather halts jet search as satellite spots 300 objects
e Led Zeppelin III Trailer Revealed
t Moto X KitKat Update Android 4.4.3 Coming to Sprint
e Record Store Day Special Releases: A list of what to look for
b Amazon now allows you to shop without ever leaving Twitter
b Ohio Links Fracking To Earthquakes
b Banks may face criminal cases soon, says US attorney general
b Va.'s March unemployment rises to 5 percent; still below national average
m The first American with MERS is recovering; where did virus come from? | The  ...
m Make HIV testing routine, health officials urge
e Miley Cyrus Cancels Shows After Being Hospitalized
m Deadly Ebola virus reaches Guinea's capital; at least 70 dead countrywide
t Windows XP deadline exposes banks to cyber security risks
t HTC One M8 running Windows Phone 8.1 for Verizon release date, features and  ...
e John Wayne's heirs are suing Duke University
m MERS Virus Hits Illinois Man, Third U.S. Case of Deadly Illness
t Click It or Face a Ticket
m Kindred Healthcare Launches Equity Offering
t NASA Testing Low-Density Supersonic Decelerator Flying Saucer For Future  ...
t AMD expands low-power chip technology licensing deal
b Cement merger talks spark solid trading
e Britney Spears to be sued by dancer over accident
b Netflix to launch in six more European countries this year
b Darden Red Lobster Sale Has Investors Feeling Crabby
t Hundreds of SINs stolen during Heartbleed breach: CRA
t Microsoft revises Hotmail privacy policy
b Lockheed Martin Space Systems gets $1.9 billion missile-detection satellite  ...
b £30 billion merger between cement makers Lafarge and Holcim set to be  ...
e Country singer Brad Paisley posts selfies with Westboro members - CBS 3  ...
b Citigroup Agrees to $1.13 Billion Accord Over Mortgage Bonds (2)
b Lufthansa provides emergency aid for stranded passengers
b Just call him 'One-Buck Zuck'
b Westchester Gas Prices Could Spike Due To Iraq Unrest
t Samsung confirms it has a design problem, no matter what its marketing team says
e 'Frozen' Is Now the Highest Grossing Animated Film of All Time, Obviously
e Official Images Of Guardians Of The Galaxy In Prison Wear
e Arrest warrant issued for Grammy-winning R&B singer Anita Baker in Michigan  ...
t Nike Kills FuelBand Just In Time For Apple To Show Off Its Wearable
b Target faces identity crisis as it looks to find its place in the world of retailing | The  ...
b Dollar General CEO to retire
e Watch Andy Cohen Watch Himself in Lady Gaga's New Video!
e New 'Maleficent' Character Posters Revealed
t NY Data Breach Costs Soared To $1.3B In 2013, Report Says
e Twitter Gone Wrong: US Airways (AAL) Backpedals after Tweeting Lewd Image
t China calls Canadian hacking charges "irresponsible"
e Tori Spelling says cheating husband Dean McDermott 'completely broke my heart'
b Sun Pharma-Ranbaxy deal: Daichi Sankyo failed to harness the complexities of  ...
t Say Hello To The New Twitter
t Sony Xperia Z to get Android 4.4.2 Update, Rumors Say
e Are Judd Apatow movies to blame for the UCSB shooting?
b Clinton to talk Benghazi, 'Hard Choices'
t Google working on $100 Nexus smartphone: Report
b US STOCKS-Dow, S&P gain on Yellen; Nasdaq ends down for 2nd day
t Police target boaters under the influence June 27 - 29.
e Condoleezza Rice, Beyonce and others want to ban 'bossy' in new PSA (video)
t Facebook testing on-screen Buy button
t NASA expecting a never before seen meteor shower tonight
t eBay confirms 145M accounts breached
e Sofia Coppola To Direct A Live Action Take On The Little Mermaid
t Google admits it scans emails to tailor adverts
e 'Guardians of the Galaxy' Screening: Movie Theater Plays Wrong Film on  ...
e Mickey Rooney, Hollywood legend, dead at 93
m HIV/AIDS report: Half of HIV-positive people don't know status
b S&P upgrades Britain's credit rating, but warns on EU exit
e Hardee's brings back the Burger Chef Big Shef for a LTO
e Kourtney Kardashian Pregnant With Another Girl Or Boy?
e Miley Cyrus tour bus catches on fire but singer survives
e Police: The Shield Actor Told 911 He Shot His Wife
t Driverless Cars Coming To Birmingham Roads
m Tech entrepreneurs tackle health care head on
m Saudi Arabia reports 3 more deaths from MERS virus
t AL woman's death sparks GM law suit over faulty ignition switches
t Coffee on its way to space station, made by ISSpresso coffee machine (really)
t The Biggest Dinosaur We Know Of Has Been Discovered in Argentina
t Expansion of Ultra-fast Fiber Network to 21 new major metropolitan areas by AT&T
b Biotech giant Amgen to axe up to 2900 jobs
b Pinterest Valued at $5 Billion in Financing Round
e Beyonce And Blake Lively Unite At Chime For Change Event
t Tucson Could Be Next Home for Tesla Factory
e Pat Sajak: 'Global warming alarmists are unpatriotic racists knowingly misleading'
t Google Search app introduces Android-wide voice commands
t Facebook Can Manipulate Your Emotions Says Secret Experiment on 700000  ...
e To Do This Week: Christine Lahti's Picks for the Tribeca Film Festival
b US rates must rise and will rise
t World Health Organization Says Lima has Worst Air Pollution in LatAm
e Tracy Morgan's Condition Improving Following Car Accident
e Monty Python star Eric Idle says Graham Chapman would be “p****d off” to miss  ...
b MORTGAGE PACE: Applications fall 1.2% for week ending March 14
m Orange County Hit By The Largest Measles Outbreak
e 'Enlisted,' 'Surviving Jack,' 'Rake' and 'Dads' Cancelled by Fox
m Scientists warn we've hit 'peak beard'
e Lindsay Lohan reveals miscarriage heartbreak on reality show
t Blackberry wins court order which bans Typo from selling its $99 iPhone cases
b Novartis Animal Health to be Acquired by Lilly
b Fed offers no clearer hint on first rate increase
t Software is 'bigger and bigger' deal for Nike: CEO
m More vials of biological agents found in forgotten storage room: FDA
t Flappy Bird Creator Says Über-Addictive Game Will Return to App Store
e Roseanne Barr Poses Like Kim Kardashian in Sexy Twitpic
e A Hard Day's Night: over the heads of Generation Z
t Microsoft Sweetens The Office 365 Deal With 1TB Of Cloud Storage
e No Biebs or Bieliebers at star's latest Toronto court hearing on assault charge
m Lebanon records first case of MERS coronavirus infection
b Here's how the ECB will force the euro lower
b Crumbs Bake Shop nears lifeline
t AAA expects 2.1M New Englanders to travel this weekend
t Elephants tell human friend from foe by voice
e Holy Fire appears at Church of the Holy Sepulcher in Jerusalem
b American Apparel Adopts Plan To Halt Takeover From Ousted CEO
e Jessica Simpson marries football-star fiancé
b Airlines drag FTSE lower
t Samsung Galaxy S5 fingerprint sensor PayPal features detailed
t Apple may be streaming music's savior with reported Beats deal
b Family Dollar to close hundreds of stores as sales, profits fall
t There may be a shortage of Food and Water due to Global Warming
t WH: Urgent action needed on climate change
e Justin and Selena Dirty Dancing AFter Dirty Depo
m Several passengers on downed Malaysian plane were heading to AIDS  ...
e Why We Trust Disney Over Fox When It Comes to Handling Marvel's Characters
b Stocks waver in midday trading on Wall Street
e Bryan Adams: L'Wren was a true talent
b Dollar Steadies After Solid U.S. Jobs Data
e Mets twitter account reacts to Sharknado 2 cameo
t New York International Auto Show revs up the Javits Center in Manhattan
e Kim and Kanye's Wedding: Details of the Decadent 4-Course Meal
e One Direction SNUBBED at the MTV VMA Awards, but 5SOS & Ed Sheeran get  ...
e 'Orphan Black' Star Jordan Gavaris Previews Season 2: Felix Will Have 'New  ...
b Dollar firms as stock market rises
t Lytro Shifts Focus to the High-End Shooter
e Spider-Man vs Superman - Top 5 Best Superhero Battles
t Samsung envisions fitness, health sensors
t Facebook wants to beam Internet from sky
e 'The Voice' battle rounds; final night
e LA Mayor Drops F-Bomb At Stanley Cup Victory Parade [Photos/Video]
b New York sues Barclays for fraud over 'dark pool' trading
b China says one-fifth of its farmland is polluted — mostly with toxins from  ...
e Nude Neil Patrick Harris: Coming Out Helped My Career
e Cameron Diaz bares all in upcoming comedy movie 'Sex Tape'
t Samsung Galaxy S5 vs Galaxy S4 – Main Differences
e Lindsay Lohan sues 'Grand Theft Auto V' for allegedly using her likeness
t Twitter blames outage on 'unexpected complications'
e 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' opening battle released
e 'The Walking Dead': What will season 5 focus on?
e Thor Just Became Female
m FDA approves inhalable diabetes drug Afrezza
b Savers beware: Fees may be shrinking your 401(k)
e Jimmy Fallon, Emma Stone have epic lip sync battle
t A team of ocean explorers has broken the record for the longest time spent living  ...
e Rio 2 flies to top of British box office in debut
e Clint Eastwood's 'Jersey Boys': Stage stars carve a new path
e Lea Michele Channels Katy Perry in New Music Video 'On My Way,' Sexy  ...
m Detroit packing company ground beef recall: USDA releases list of stores
e Beyoncé is most powerful celebrity: Forbes
e Easter sermons in Butler County offer messages of hope, love
e 'Orphan Black': Creators reveal more secrets from the set (like that Delphine was  ...
b GM recalls 1.5 million vehicles after CEO orders stepped-up review
e 'Allegiant' Will Get A Two-Part Finale On The Big Screen
b USDA Gives $6.5 Million To Fight Citrus Greening
e 'Game of Thrones' Recap: 'Laws of Gods & Men' Has Tyrion Making a Game  ...
e Report: Stalker Arrested in Sandra Bullock's Home
e Robin Thicke Explains Paula Patton Album Dedication
b Bank urged not to 'jump the gun'
t Twitter's Facebook-like profile now available to all
t Samsung's Latest Anti-Apple Ad is Deceptive but Really Good
b Rough winter leads to more holiday travelers
t MakerBot Ships Replicator Z18 3D Printer
e Katherine Webb and AJ McCarron Are Engaged — See Her Ring! (PHOTO)
m Chikungunya Fever case confirmed in visitor
t NSA denies exploiting Heartbleed
b Organic growth Whole Foods thinks it's too expensive
b Thousands More Found Work in San Diego Region Since March 2013
e New trailer lands for Brett Ratner's Hercules
b Words cannot rid securitised debt of 'bad boy' image in Europe
b Chrysler Pushes US Sales Streak to 50th Month on Rams, Jeeps
e Star Wars: Episode VII Reportedly Lands 24: Live Another Day Actress
t Apple Releases iOS 7.1, Which Adds CarPlay Support, New Siri Options and  ...
e Morrissey Cancels US Tour Dates After Falling Ill: Support Act Cliff Richard 'Very  ...
e Tourism chiefs seek Kimye dividend
b Malaysia Airlines MH370: live
e Jackson fans to mark fifth anniversary of singer's death
e Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin Open Marriage Claims, Trouble for Years?
b Valeant offers to buy Botox maker Allergan for $47 bln
e BET Awards Performances Go Online
m Spinal stimulation allows paraplegics to move legs
t Tesla And BMW In Talks Over Supercharger Network
b BlackBerry posts loss as smartphone sales keep sliding
t Report: Amazon plans to release glasses-free 3D phone in September
t YouTube rumoured to be working on a child-friendly version of video sharing  ...
b Internet ad spend surpasses broadcast
b People voluntarily leaving jobs at highest rate since 2009 downturn
b Energy Future files for bankruptcy under deal to wipe out billions of debt
t Google eyes Nest for new world of AdWords everywhere
e MTV Movie Awards: Zac Efron gets shirtless; Mila Kunis feels great and powerful  ...
t Comcast, Charter Negotiating Divestitures
e 'Gospel Of Jesus' Wife' Is Not Forgery, Harvard Journal Says: Did Jesus Have A  ...
e Neighbors Review
e Harris with his wife Alwen at the Royal Television Society Awards in 2002  ...
b AUD to USD Exchange Rate unchanged, AUD to Euro strengthens on stimulus  ...
e '24: Live Another Day' Recap: Everyone Heads to the Embassy
m Pennsylvania prepares for possible MERS virus appearance
e 'Gotham' trailer introduces Riddler, Poison Ivy and more: Watch
t Facebook's future: Is $2bn Oculus Rift buy crazy insane or insane crazy?
m Prescriptions for Powerful Painkillers Vary Widely Among States: CDC
b 4 Value Dividend Stocks To Place On Your Radar
t Xbox One Will Be Officially Available In China This September
e BRADY BUNCH & Broadway Star Ann B. Davis Dies at 88
b CORRECTED - BofA suspends buyback, div increase after capital miscalculation
e US war hero Louis Zamperini, inspiration for 'Unbroken,' dead at 97
b Suit: Companies Duped Victims Struggling With Student Loan Debt
e Lindsay Lohan explains infamous lovers list
t New Security Hole Found In Internet Explorer
b TIAA-CREF To Acquire Nuveen for $6.25B
b GDP Increases At a Smart 4.0% Rate in Second Quarter
e Movie review | The Grand Budapest Hotel: No room for logic at inn
e Healthy Amanda Bynes Shows Off Bikini Body in Cabo San Lucas
e Seth Rogen & Judd Apatow Denounce Washington Post Critic For Elliot Rodger  ...
b Ind. Unemployment Drops By 0.4% In January
e Police: 'Shield' actor Michael Jace told 911 he shot wife; April Jace found dead in  ...
t Watch Dogs Crashes, Performance And Stuttering Fixes
b Morgan Stanley Almost Doubles Gorman's Pay to $18 Million (1)
b Euro to US Dollar (EUR/USD) Advances Despite US Jobless Claims Surprise
b Medtronic to buy medical devices rival Covidien for $42.9bn
t OnePlus One gets official as the most affordable flagship ever
e Justin Bieber driver assault hearing set for May
e BWW TV: On the Purple Carpet for Opening Night of ALADDIN!
t Amazon about to jump into smartphone market
e Jay-Z and Beyonce in crisis over leaked video
b Federal Reserve Officials Sharply Downgrade Growth Expectations for This Year
e Ultimate Warrior Died from Heart Attack Based on Autopsy Results; See Classic  ...
b Australia gives contractor 300 days to complete MH370 deep sea search
b A Split Supreme Court Limits Some of the EPA's Greenhouse Gas Regulations
b Belgian politicians urge gov't to sell shares in BNP Paribas
e Click photo to enlarge
b Stock market touches another record
t iOS 7.1.1 now available, improves Touch ID, fixes keyboard issues
b ATK Announces Plan to Create Two Independent, Publicly Traded Companies
t Austin MotoGP: Big weekend for Valentino Rossi
e Trailer for Denzel Washington's 'The Equalizer' drops
t March NPD: Titanfall takes the victory, but PS4 still winning the war
e Neighbors Q & A with fans for SXSW
m Scientists Identify 21 Emotional Facial Expressions of Humans
e North Korea warns US over James Franco comedy
m Teen in custody dispute back at Connecticut home
e Clock about to start again for Kiefer Sutherland
b Australia plane searchers investigate debris
b Malaysia releases MH370 satellite data
e Influential comedian, 'Tonight Show' favorite David Brenner dies at 78
e Brad Pitt, Angelina Jolie might make another film together
e Upcoming BACHELORETTE Contestnat Dies Tragically in Paragliding Accident
t Apple and IBM Build Partnership
m Obesity tied to increase risk of breast cancer death in pre-menopausal women
e 'The Shield' actor charged with murder after shooting wife
t US regulators warn FB, WhatsApp privacy promises
e New 'X-Men: Days Of Future Past' Trailer: What You Need To Know
b Euro to British Pound (EUR/GBP) Exchange Rate firmer ahead of Central Bank  ...
t Samsung Galaxy Tab Release Date on May 1, Pricing Starts at $199
e 'Divergent' Finale, 'Allegiant', Looks to Bleed Fans Dry in 2016 and 2017
b Gold consolidates below two-month high on weaker shares, Iraq
e Witherspoon doles out sex advice in drunk video
t Carnival of Space 350
t Nvidia announces a new concept tech that intergates NVLink
m Five-A-Day Fruit And Veg Is Not Enough - UCL Report
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Copper Gold version now available in India
e Scarlett Johansson & Chris Evans Bring 'Captain America' To Largest Populated  ...
b No change in EMIs likely as RBI interest rate on hold
b As media landscape gets tougher, Murdoch goes large
e Bachelorette 2014: What Happened Between Eric Hill and Andi Dorfman on  ...
e 'The Voice' USA 2014: Live Performance Results to be Announced; Where to  ...
b Apple's new exec granted restricted stock
t The Assembly Announced For PS4 And Project Morpheus
e 'How To Train Your Dragon 2′ – What Did You Think?
t Higgs Boson Decays to Fermions, CERN Study Confirms
b Murdoch bidding on Time Warner Inc. could reach $91B, analyst says
b There's a Fear Premium in WTI Crude and You're Paying For It
e Reports rock band ACDC to retire
m Dove's Real Beauty Campaign Gets It Wrong Again, So Here's How They Can  ...
e X-Men sails past $110M mark in US over holiday weekend
t Bike to Work Breakfast 2014
e Khloé Kardashian: "Love" tweet about French Montana?
e David Chase clarifies remark about Tony Soprano's fate
t Netflix Slams Planned Comcast-Time Warner Merger
t Is That Android TV's Gaming Controller We Spy?
e Rihanna tweets then deletes #FreePalestine hashtag
b 'Worst' drought worsens in western US
b NTSB: Asiana plane crash due to pilot mismanagement
e Michelle Williams picks up books with daughter Matilda... on first outing since  ...
e Johnny Depp dismisses romance rules
e Gosling, McAdams didn't get along during 'The Notebook'
e Robert Pattinson Is Homeless
b Amazon Fire Phone Release Date & Price Confirmed: US Exclusive For Now...
e Don Levine, father of G.I. Joe, dies at 86
m Scientist Backtracks On Stem Cell 'Breakthrough'
b Portuguese bank announces record losses
t Samsung Galaxy S5 gets new anti-theft features: What you need to know
t NSA leaker Edward Snowden calls SXSW Interactive audience to action
b News Buzz - American Eagle Outfitters(NYSE:AEO), Barclays PLC (ADR)(NYSE  ...
m Sierra Leone News : Tegloma Donates Ebola Gears to Sierra Leone
t Scarborough: Left 'Overreached' on Climate Change
e Miley Cyrus denies reports of a drug overdose
e Will The Amazing Spider-Man 2 be comic book overkill?
b OPEC secretary general says no shortage of oil in market
e Rolling Stones scrap show after L'Wren Scott death
e 2014 James Beard Foundation Awards Winners Announced
e 20 minutes ago Rare Superman comic book fetches record $3.2M
t NASA Spacewalkers Replace Faulty Computer Box in Under 2 Hours
m Novartis New Heart Failure Drug Shows Promising Results in Trial Study
m Officials Warn of Mosquitos in Florida
e Nick Lachey, Wife Vanessa Minnillo Expecting Second Child; Former 98  ...
t Moderate Wyoming Gas Price Gains Last Week
b Feds Investigating Nutritional Supplement Company Herbalife
t Get Ready For A Once-In-A-Lifetime Meteor Shower
b RBI's Raghuram Rajan should have cut interest rate to revive growth: India Inc
b Omnicom, Publicis Call Off $35B Merger Over 'Slow Pace'
t Why Nike Is Better Off Ceding Wearables to Apple
b Crumbs Finds A Buyer, But Are Cupcakes Worth Saving?
b Disney buys YouTube video producer
b Advertising giants Omnicom and Publicis call off $35-billion merger
b Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc.: Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. Announces First Quarter  ...
e Friends, Fans, Celebs React to Maya Angelou's Death
b Lindt's Acquisition of Russell Stover Is a 'Good Thing,' Former Master Chocolatier  ...
t Nintendo's Game Boy celebrates 25th birthday
b Mathematicians have the best jobs in the US, STEM fields rank high overall
m First Recorded Cases of Ebola in Guinea
e German Tabloid Posts Kate Middleton's Bare Bum, So Get Ready For The Royal  ...
t Researchers Design Composite Material Stronger Airplanes Inspired by Shrimp
b British unemployment rate drops below 7.0%
t Mozilla's next CEO is longtime Mozillan and Greylock EIR Chris Beard
e 'Blended' review: Drew Barrymore and Adam Sandler have lukewarm reunion
e Detroiters recall Casey Kasem's Motor City roots
t In brief: Facebook project for the world's poor advances
e Hollywood pays tribute to late poet Maya Angelou
e Ben Affleck, Rosamund Pike star in first 'Gone Girl' trailer
b US internet advertising spend tops broadcast TV for first time
e WATCH: AZ boy reaction to news he will get a third sister
b Is Bestselling Author James Patterson On To Something About Amazon? What  ...
e Kris Jenner 'staging Rob intervention'
e 'American Idol' Top 4 Recap: Jena Irene Makes J.Lo Cry, Curse
m Bariatric Surgery in Obese Women Lessens 71% Risk of Ovarian Cancer
e Ryan Gosling looks perfect while promoting 'Lost River' at Cannes Film Festival
t Halo 5, TV series launching in 2015
e 'Silicon Valley' review: Best tech show yet
t Kepler Space Telescope discovers Earth-like planet; Does it hold life?
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 vs iPad Air – Pricing, Features and Specifications
t Look up! First 'supermoon' of the summer rises Saturday night
e Stephen Colbert: 'I'm still here' after joke controversy
b M&A activity fails to boost healthcare stocks
m 4 more die of MERS in Jordan, S Arabia
e Ohio man raises more than $35000 in Internet crowd-sourcing effort - to make  ...
e At The Movies 4.17.14
b Chemical used to make yoga mats to be removed from the fresh-baked bread at  ...
b Forex - Euro drops to fresh 2-week lows vs. stronger dollar
m Reports: Pistorius not mentally ill during girlfriend's killing
t OKCupid protests against Firefox CEO
m Tech Beams Gene Therapy into Ears, Improves Hearing
e Amazing Spider-Man 2 Game After The Credits Scene Features Kingpin And A  ...
e Kate picture rekindles privacy row
e Lily Tomlin and Jane Fonda coming to new Netflix series
t Bomb Squad Called In After Watch Dogs PR Stunt Backfires
t Next Porsche Panamera V8 and V6 Spied on the Nurburgring [Video]
e RUMOR PATROL: Will Beyonce & Jay-Z Tour Together This Summer?
e Movie Reviews by Reel People: 'Godzilla'
m Federal judge to hold trial on Alabama abortion law
t Who's to blame for the Web's Heartbleed?
e MTV Movie Awards 2014: Complete Winners List
t Hacked eBay Faces Multiple Investigations
e Jay Z And Beyonce Release New Action-Packed Trailer For 'On The Run' Tour  ...
t AFP US probing 360000 Nissan cars for unintended speeding
b TREASURIES-Prices little changed after soft US 10-year auction
e Kevin Smith Suggests 'Batman vs. Superman' Batsuit Is Blue and Grey
t Another GM recall: Camaro ignition switch problem
e American Idol Results Tonight 2014 Elimination: Who Was Eliminated May 8?
t Charter buying Time Warner Cable systems in Milwaukee, Green Bay from  ...
m 3rd MERS case confirmed in US, official fear spreading
b Amazon Is Designing Its 7th-Generation Delivery Drone
e Kim Kardashian Reveals Psychic's Prediction: 'I'm Going to Have Another Baby  ...
b U.S. Industrial Production Up 0.6%
e Japan teen queens hurt in saw attack
t Plastic debris widespread across oceans but there's less than expected, study  ...
t Apple lets parents down over in-app purchases, says EU
t Heartbleed bug affects Yahoo, OKCupid sites; users face losing passwords
b Forex - Euro little changed vs. dollar ahead of Draghi speech
b Virginia Wheat Forecast Up
e [WATCH] Lindsay Lohan Cries Over 'Humiliating' Sex List Article
b FOREX-Dollar wallows near lows, Aussie rises on RBA, China data
t 'Supermoon' 2014 returns; high tides at beaches expected
m Transformation: Man loses 380 pounds after finding inspiration in mobile game
e First images from 'Jurassic World' set published, shows Bryce Dallas Howard
b Asian markets down on Fed comments
e 'The Bachelorette' Josh Murray Comes Clean On Andi Dorfman Lie Detector Test
b Novartis, Glaxo announce multi-billion dollar deal
b UPDATE 2-GM to battle VW in China with $12 bln investment and new plants
b Gold Jumps Most in 14 Weeks on Fed Interest-Rate Outlook
t Meet the spider, man's best friend
e Seth Meyers Takes Ice Bucket Challenge Onstage At The Emmys - WATCH VIDEO
b Twitter Inks $230M Mobile Ad Deal With Omnicom
e Bill Murray crashes bucks party, gives marriage advice
b RPT-Russia cuts gas to Ukraine, flows to EU threatened
t How to install Android Wear and set up your smartwatch
b Uber's London operations remain in legal limbo due to lawsuit
b Chrysler brand to push into Asia with overhauled line-up
e Macklemore Issues Apology for Controversial Costume
m Second US case of MERS virus found in Florida
b Apple in talks to buy Renesas chip joint venture
b John Kerry visit: India, US stress strategic ties but tensions remain
t Samsung reports $8.2 bn net profit in Q1, 2014
t General Mills' New Policies To Prevent Online Followers From Suing Could  ...
b HP CEO Props Up Falling Profits With More Job Cuts
b Yum! Brands: Fried By China, Analysts Lower Estimates
t Feds: No Need To Park Recalled GM Cars
e AKB event descends into terror as 3 hurt
b Police investigating a shooting in Charleston, WV
b Videocast: VIX futures declining
e Rita Ora kept forgetting her lines filming 'Fifty Shades'
b Tesla Motors (TSLA) Says Missouri Auto Dealers Lobby to Bar Its Direct Sales
t Google Fit platform for Android users unveiled by Google
b European Markets Trade Flat
t Apple EarPods will monitor heart rate and blood pressure
e CFDA 2014: Top 20 red carpet looks
m New vaccine arrests malaria parasite inside red blood cells
b Stocks Mixed on Slow News Flow
e Remember THIS: Khloe Kardashian Posts Scott Disick's Mugshot (And Her Own  ...
t Listening to Edward Snowden at SXSW (+video)
b Hong Kong stocks close 0.30pc lower, Hang Seng Index slipped 65.54 points
b Microsoft on your iPad? Apple fans in shock as Office lands on the tablet
b Financial, tech shares lead stocksdrop
e Selena Gomez's Family: Bieber Was “Worst Thing to Ever Happen” to Her
e Captain America vs. 'Batman vs. Superman:' Marvel and WB Headed for a  ...
e COMICS: THE WINTER SOLDIER: BITTER MARCH #3
e Steal Her Weekend Look: Girls' Night Out Attire Courtesy of 'The Other Woman  ...
b Will Box shares soar like Facebook's or lag like Groupon's?
t Honda Recalling Nearly 900000 Odyssey Minivans
b These 2 Dow Stocks Need Good Weather the Most
b Iraq's southern crude oil exports: how safe is safe?
t No limit to GM faulty switch payout
e Rihanna Was “Ready” for Her “So Naked” CFDAs Dress, Her Stylist Says
t eBay slammed over slow post-cyber attack password reset response
b Jessica Alba's The Honest Company is Worth How Much?!
t Apple To Launch Biggest-Ever iPad Screen
t The Universe: Scientific evidence points toward early growth spurt
e Neighbors noisy, but mostly good fun
e 10 Amazing Backstage Moments From the Rock Hall's 2014 Induction
b Protesters arrested in pay fight
t The new Mozilla CEO's political past is imperiling his present
m House Passes 'Doc Fix' That Includes One-Year ICD-10 Delay
e Angelina Jolie made honorary Dame by the Queen
t US, UK advise avoiding Internet Explorer until bug fixed
e Actress Heigl sues pharmacy company over photo
e Peaches Geldof's funeral to take place on Easter Monday in the same church  ...
b Sikorsky gets $1.28B rescue helicopter contract
e Brittny Gastineau's Friend Says the Model Was Not the Aggressor in Fight With  ...
e Jennifer Lopez debuts Versace trouser dress at Paris Couture Week
b Wal-Mart takes a big swipe at credit card fees
b Search for Missing Jet Cut Short; More Satellites Spot Objects
e Paul Mazursky - Filmmaker Paul Mazursky Dead At 84
b 2nd Ld-Writethru: China's new yuan loans rebound in May
b Communication cut with tense south Egypt province
b 3 Vietnamese crew members hurt in new Chinese ramming incident
t BMW X1 M Could Be Possible in the Future
e 'True Blood' season 7, episode 2 spoilers: Alexander Skarsgard, Carrie Preston  ...
b Economic News Today: Home Price Rises Cool, Consumers Cheery
b Obama Urges Republicans To Support Paycheck Fairness Act
e True Blood Series Finale Recap: Miss Stake
t Google Glass Wearers Attacked In Public
e Director J.J. Abrams gives fans a chance at a cameo in 'Star Wars: Episode VII'
b Case-Shiller: Home prices fall slightly in Portland, US
e Noah Movie Review: Deconstructing Noah's Ark; Godawful Storytelling
t ExxonMobil's Climate Risks Report Should Embolden Policymakers
b Wal-Mart sues Visa for more than $5 billion for fixing card fees
t California passes bill forcing smartphone makers to offer kill switch by July 2015
b Gold Firm Amid Iraq Concerns, Higher Oil Prices
e Jennifer Lopez Serves Up A Sexy Silhouette At The Versace Atelier Show!
t GM Recalls 473673 Vehicles Globally for Various Issues
t Google announces new Glass features ahead of Tuesday's sale, video calling  ...
t New Dwarf Planet 'Biden' Discovered: 2012 VP113 Is The Most Distant 'Family  ...
e Listen To The Dreamy 'Palo Alto' Soundtrack Featuring Blood Orange
e *SPOILERS* 'How I Met Your Mother' ends with one last twist
e Billboard Music Awards Gets Most Watched Telecast In Thirteen Years
e Superman/Batman Title Revealed, And It's Hilarious
m Overtreating Medicare patients might costs billions
b BSkyB, 21st Century Fox Talk Deals; Carphone, Dixon to Merge
e 'Game of Thrones' Season 4 Spoilers: Arya 'Leaves A Trail Of Blood' Behind Her  ...
t Apple and IBM from partnership to co-develop apps
b GM recalls 3.4M more cars for ignition problems - WBOC-TV 16, Delmarvas  ...
e It's going to be out of this world!
b Target CEO Gregg Steinhafel to step down following data breach
t Apple's next-gen EarPods to feature heart rate sensors
m Saturated fats and heart disease link 'unproven'
b Country ETFs To Avoid On Oil Price Spike [Ishares Msci Turkey Inv Market Index  ...
e Japanese pop singers attacked with saw
e Alexander Wang Is H&M's New Designer Collaborator
t Facebook introduces 'Nearby Friends' as optional feature
e Superhero Action: Clips from 'Captain America 2' and 'Amazing Spider-Man 2'
e Rihanna Deletes Her '#FreePalestine' Tweet
b Student loan interest rates set to increase
e Pittsburgh police arrest suspect in fatal stabbing
b Activist investor William Ackman and Valeant attempt to take over botox maker  ...
t NASA spots Antarctic ice sheet melt
t Google building car with no steering wheel
b EUR/USD drops on ADP employment report
e Gwyneth Paltrow and Coldplay's Chris Martin split
e New Pink Floyd album due in October
t Amazon Tests 'Kindle Unlimited,' A Netflix For Ebooks And Audiobooks
e “Dancing With The Stars” Recap: Season 18, Episode 1
b Brent oil futures move up slightly; WTI oil falls
t Jury selection begins in Apple, Samsung battle over smarkphone patents
t The big money of Apple v. Samsung
m Can't smell certain things? Maybe you have Alzheimer's, studies show
b Detroit ordered to pay $10K for sharing confidential documents
e Barbara Walters changed the life of this Westtown resident
e Kim Kardashian's Aunt Karen Houghton RSVPs No To 'Big Fat Florentine  ...
t (2nd LD) LG unveils flagship G3 smartphone in S. Korea
b McDonald's offering free coffee at breakfast hours
e Supreme Court conflicted on Aereo's streaming TV service
e The last X-Men: Days of Future Past trailer finally lets mutants loose
e What Does Eurovision Tell Us About Creativity?
t Colin Pillinger, planetary scientist known for mars mission with Stevenage-made  ...
e It's true: Adam Sandler chooses movies based on where he wants to vacation  ...
b IRS employees who didn't pay their taxes got staggering bonuses
t China bans Windows 8 from govt computers
e Justin Bieber Gets Defensive When Asked About Selena Gomez in Deposition  ...
b Russian food safety regulator shuts fifth McDonald's restaurant
t Identical Twin Brothers Volunteer for NASA Project
b Washington issues first pot shop licences
b MH370: 'Confidence' Over Black Box Search
b Analysts on the attack: Whole Foods execs grilled after stock slump
t Nasa's Hubble: Colourful 'Most Comprehensive' Panorama of Universe Explains  ...
m Health Buzzwords Like 'Organic' And 'Gluten-Free' Could Be Tricking You Into  ...
b Look Who Got a New Outfit
t Ford Racing has some fun to celebrate Mustang's 50th anniversary (video)
e Watch Denzel Washington In The First Trailer For 'The Equalizer'
m Ebola outbreak still a tough challenge but likely contained in Africa
t Net neutrality: Fighting for an Internet that has never been neutral
e Matt Bomer on fatherhood: 'It's the most profound gift'
t UPDATE 4-Yahoo to keep more of Alibaba, share half of IPO proceeds
b Mayor Duggan Pledges to Maintain 250 City Parks This Summer
b China's Alibaba Files for U.S. Listing
b BAT takes forex hit
t Gameover for Slavik - The Cybercrime Kingpin Behind the Zeus Malware
m Health officials: The Ebola outbreak in Guinea is unprecedented
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 vs iPad mini with Retina display: Apple and  ...
t Two Thinner, Larger, Rounder iPhone 6 Models Going into Production in July
m Blood test may predict Alzheimer's disease 3 years before it starts
b I-495 bridge closure in Del. causes traffic woes
m Jim Kelly starts chemotherapy Monday
e Keeping Up with the Kardashians Klips: Who Kissed Kim?
b New York Report: Retailers lead a broad drop on Wall Street
m Study reveals good news, bad news about teenager behavior
t Netflix CEO: We Need "Strong" Net Neutrality
e CBS comedy How I Met Your Mother ends
e Anita Baker faces arrest warrant for unpaid house renovations
t Apple accuses Samsung of copying iPhone, iPad features, Samsung passes the  ...
e Miley Cyrus, Selena Gomez, 50 Cent + More Sing Goodbye to 'Chelsea Lately  ...
e Bradford have appealed against the Rugby League Football's imposition of a six  ...
e Mad Men's half-season finale has things looking up for Don Draper, but on this  ...
m MERS-Cov Update: US reports third case
e Scene Last Night: Game of Thrones Stars on Music, Fashion
t Apple device hackers locking US devices after Australia
m Study: Yearly pelvic exams unnecessary
m E-Cigarettes Anger Candy And Cookie Makers With Infringing Flavor Names
t Schmidt reportedly visits Cuba to promote Internet access
b Enabling Export Credit to Support Growth: The Role of the Export-Import Bank of  ...
e Revisiting the best moment from the first 'Sharknado'
t Texas Gas Prices See Slight Fall, Abilene Remains Steady
e Eurovision Song Contest 2014 betting tips: Ukraine could upset the odds (and  ...
b Coca-Cola sells more drinks, but profit drops in Jan-March quarter
e Ford, Hamill, Fisher return for 'Star Wars: Episode VII'
m The Ebola Outbreak, Three Weeks In: Dire But Not Hopeless
b Asia First Weekly Highlight July 4
b Draghi: ECB watchful for 'negative spiral' in eurozone inflation
b Alibaba IPO most likely to top $1 billion
t James Webb Space Telescope passes another test
t Iranian judge summons Facebook CEO
e Benzino Takes To Instagram After Being Shot
t iPhone 5S vs Galaxy S5 vs HTC One vs Nexus 5: Ultimate Drop, Slide, Dunk Test!
t NASA Announces Hubble Celebrates 24th Anniversary with Infrared Image of  ...
e Pippa Middleton to Ride Across the U.S. for a Good Cause
b Dish's Ergen Said to Approach DirecTV CEO About Merger
t According to WSJ: Google to buy streaming-video site Twitch
m Gov. Cuomo: Boost HIV tests, treatment to end epidemic
m New study: Baby safety gates aren't always safe
b Wall Street rises; Internet, biotech names lift Nasdaq
e JetBlue apologizes after not letting child use bathroom
e Katherin Heigl wanted to quit acting after media backlash
b Janet Yellen's big concern: Housing slowdown
b Economist: The Case-Shiller Home Price Report 'Makes No Sense'
e The Moments That Made A Difference At The 2014 Movie Awards
m Natco seeks to block Gilead's hepatitis C drug patent in India: Report
e 'True Detective' post-mortem: Creator Nic Pizzolatto on happy endings, season 2  ...
e 'Community' canceled: Dan Harmon reacts to the end of his show
e Selena Gomez jealous over Bieber
m First Time Mother in Comatose State Gives Birth to a Healthy Child[VIDEO+  ...
t Significant Leak Uncovers New Details About iPhone 6 and iOS 8
e Tune in Tonight: What's on TV Tuesday
b US move to levy higher duty on PV products unfair: China
e 'The Voice' USA 2014: Top 8 Contestants to be Revealed; Where to Watch Live
m Childhood Vaccines Are Safe, Says Pediatrics Group
b Latest Fed survey sees an improved economy
b The Supreme Court Spanked the Obama Administration on Emissions Without  ...
b UK finance minister ready for 'hard negotiation' with Pfizer
e Pharrell Angers Native Americans With Headdress on Elle UK Cover
t Tech News: Satya Nadella brings Office to Apple's iPad
e Miley Cyrus was `depressed` and `felt bullied` during her time at school
t PSA: Electronic Arts Titanfall Digital Launch Schedule
t General Motors says 9 million parts needed to fix recalls
e Game of Thrones Episode 3 Recap: Whodunit? Who Cares?
e Tributes to soul legend Bobby Womack, dead at 70Publish Date: Jun 28, 2014
t Scoot: Full moon on Friday the 13th! Should you panic?
t CMO Today: Coming Yahoo/YouTube War
t Planet-Swallowing Star Eats For Two
t Calif. Dems Want FCC to Umpire Dodgers Dispute
t Magoo's View: SPEED's Kevin Magee previews a massive weekend of MotoGP  ...
e 50 Cent And Dame Dash Throw Jabs At Jay Z Over The Solange Fight [VIDEO]
e An original rebel inspires 'Divergent'
b US stocks close in the red
m FDA discourages common uterine procedure on cancer threat
t Samsung launches Galaxy S5, new wearables in 125 nations worldwide
t The Best April Fools' Jokes From Across the Web
t Apple launches entry level 21.5 inch all-in-one desktop iMac for Rs 79900
e Police: 'Shield' actor Michael Jace told 911 operator he shot wife
e James Spader Is Doing an 'Unbelievable Job' in 'Avengers: Age of Ultron,' Says  ...
b PS4 available at a $40 discount via Groupon
t Google Wallet gives frequent buyers a reason to use it
t First Earth-Size Planet Is Discovered in Another Star's 'Habitable Zone'
b Barclays hires new remuneration chief to diffuse shareholder anger
e Jennifer Lawrence's Excellent Vommy Oscar Story VIDEO
t Apple and Beats are not such unusual bedfellows
b China, Russia agree to $400 billion gas deal
b PG&E Pleads Not Guilty On Federal Felony Charges Over 2010 San Bruno  ...
e Willow Smith's Picture With Moises, Much Ado About Nothing Says Mom VIDEO
t Tesla Goes Shields Up To Deflect Fires That Hit Stock TSLA
e Yes, Mila Kunis, 'we' are pregnant
b BOC Aviation orders 80 Boeing 737s
b JPMorgan CEO diagnosed with cancer
m Mother's campaign wins experimental drug for son at Memphis-based St. Jude
e Nick Cannon Sends Shots At Kim Kardashian's Sexual History [VIDEO]
b Macro Horizons: Parsing the Fed's Subtle Fine-Tuning Efforts
e Amazon and HBO ink exclusive deal
m Study links dementia to cynicism
e Stephen Colbert will make the perfect “Late Show” host
b EUROPE MARKETS: European Stocks Climb After Upbeat Chinese PMI Data
t Win one of two Samsung Galaxy NotePRO tablets
b GM tells dealers to stop selling some Chevy Cruzes
m No more stirrups? Major physician group recommends against routine pelvic exam
e Blockbuster reprise
t Noriega v Activision: can a dictactor control his online image?
b Speculators 'stubbornly bearish' on Canadian dollar
m US Company Recalls Walnuts Due to Listeria
b Irish firm becomes biggest banana supplier
e Robin Thicke Raises His Patheticness Level By Naming His New Album After  ...
e Michael Jackson's 'Xscape' feels shockingly vital
b McDonald's posts weak February sales results
e '24: Live Another Day:' Read what others are writing about Jack Bauer's return
e Theme World: Diagon Alley impressions
m One Year Later: Michelle Knight talks about life with Ariel Castro
e Archie comics will kill off Archie this summer
m Students at Burnaby school warned of measles risk
e Paul Walker vs. Ice Cube? Despite MTV Movie Awards Slam, 'Ride Along' Star  ...
t Samsung Galaxy S4 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 3 – Design, Features, Price and  ...
t Microsoft Could be Making $2.5B in Annual Revenue from IOS Platform
t UK to allow driverless cars from 2015
e Ebert documentary 'Life Itself' gets a thumbs-up
t HP drops $1bn, two-year OpenStack cash bomb
e Diane Sawyer stepping down as anchor of flagship ABC World News Tonight
t 5 no-bull takeaways about Microsoft's restructuring
b Your tax refund could take a hit due to health care law credits
e Review: Captain America 2 leaves you begging for more
e 'Divergent,' 'Muppets Most Wanted' and other new movies, reviewed
e Tori Spelling Breaks Down in True Tori Promo, Says She Can Never Give Dean  ...
e Sue Townsend Dies Aged 68: Ian Rankin, Caitlin Moran and More Pay Tribute to  ...
e SXSW 2014: Mindy Kaling Talks Diversity and Double Standards in Showbiz
e 7 Predictions For The 'Game Of Thrones' Season Finale
e HBO drama probes the trauma of missing 2 percent population
e The Mystery Of Tony's Fate In 'The Sopranos' Has Finally Been Revealed, Kind Of
e Dancing With The Stars Elimination Results – DWTS 4/28/14
b Dow Jones industrial average tops 17000 following strong US job gains
t LOOK UP TONIGHT! Mars, Earth and Sun to Line Up
m Mom arrested for BUI, breastfeeding under the influence
t T. rex gets a new home in Smithsonian
e Mick Jagger performs at L'Wren Scott's memorial service
b Toronto stock market advances amid strong bank earnings, Chinese data
t John McAfee's software company launches secure messaging app Chadder
t Oyster Adds 500 Publishers
e You Know Justin Bieber Has Reached Notorious Status When Beyonce And Jay  ...
m Eating More Fruits and Vegetables May Reduce Risk of Stroke and These 4  ...
e Glee's Lea Michele and Director Ryan Murphy Still Considering Broadway  ...
b India Raps 'Unacceptable' US Surveillance
e Memorable Billboard moments
t Nokia Lumia 630 and Nokia Lumia 635: What you need to know
e WHOA! Alexander Skarsgård Returns To True Blood - To Hook Up With Ryan  ...
b BEA 2014: Strong Traffic, Talk of Amazon-Hachette
m Michigan man gets an eyeful with new bionic glasses
e Game of Thrones Might "Need" a Movie to Finish the Series
e 'Walking Dead' Season 4 finale draws 15.7 million viewers
t Over 250 new Emojis to be released by Unicode
b Cryptocurrency News Round-Up: Mt. Gox Lies, Bitcoin Gun Store and Dogecoin  ...
b European Stocks Seen Flat-to-higher
t NASA Honors Shatner With Distinguished Public Service Medal
m Users bemoan bans in New York, Chicago
e Pratt hopes Guardians has meaning
b UPDATE 2-BNP nears up to $9 bln settlement with US authorities - source
e Game of Thrones Power Shift: Arya Uses the Pointy End
e Cowabunga, Dude! Watch the Trailer for Michael Bay's Teenage Mutant Ninja  ...
e Kristen Stewart & Chloe Moretz Star in Dramatic 'Clouds of Sils Maria' Trailer  ...
e Cory Monteith's Mother Ann McGregor Gives First Interview Since Her Son's  ...
b The Australians may have found MH370 debris in a desolate patch of the south  ...
b Chinese new yuan loans rise in May
e Ariana Grande - 'My Everything' [Album Tracklist]
m Gov. Jerry Brown announced glove requirement for California chefs repealed
b Colorado Governor signs legislation to protect children from recreational marijuana
e Melissa McCarthy lost a USD 9000 wig on Jet Ski
b The Financial Advantage Big Banks Get From Being Too Big To Fail
e Amazon Prime Music: One Million Free Songs For Prime Subscribers
e Justin Bieber apologises for racial slur after video leaked of him using N-word
e Mt. Lebanon native Manganiello meets his end on 'True Blood'
b Another Government Agency Says It Lost Emails Subpoenaed by Congress
b Twitter Is Getting Bigger in Asia Amid Decelerating User Growth
b Bank Lending to Euro-Zone Businesses Falls Again
m Topical Acne Products Can Cause Dangerous Side Effects
b 'Yoga mat' chemical's days numbered in Subway bread
e 'Noah Primeval' author Brian Godawa discusses 'Noah' film, what to expect and  ...
e Dina Lohan Sentenced for Drunk Driving: Avoids Jail, License Suspended
b Legacy eludes Obama as changes sink in
m San Diego Zoo veterinarians perform rare C-section on gorilla; baby suffering  ...
e KISS Star Paul Stanley Slams Rock Hall, Ace and Peter, Gene's Ego (A Top Story)
b Janet Yellen's US Federal Reserve says to keep rates low even after economy  ...
b Russia Snips Gas Transfers To Ukraine
b Industry demand dictates pay raises
t The Yeti: bear with us
t Trial program for driverless cars to begin in Britain
b GM Hiding Behind Bankruptcy Protection on Ignition Switch Recall
e Susan Sarandon's glow had to be dimmed for grandma role in Tammy
t Just what did cause this giant 260ft-wide hole to appear in Siberia?
e Kat Perkins – Gold Dust Woman – The Voice 2014 Blind Auditions
e 'The Other Woman' Star Leslie Mann on Kissing 'Game of Thrones' Kingslayer: 'I  ...
e You're The Boss: Girl Scouts, LeanIn Vow To Ban 'Bossy'
b BNP's Prot should go
e Metal band singer gets six years for murder plot
t Pinterest hacked, photos of yawning puppies replaced with bottoms
e Kanye West requests people to invite wife to elite parties
e Kim Kardashian's daughter North West gets diamond earrings for her first birthday
m Deadly ebola epidemic will rampage for several months, says UN
e 'Arrow' season 2, episode 19 recap: Lies, vendettas, and burdens
b GoPro's IPO prices at high end of expectations
e 'Bears' movie review: Disneynature's warm-and-fuzzy latest is a beautifully shot  ...
t HTC One mini 2 will not have Duo Camera
b US stocks jump on good retail sales
b Asia shares subdued with no US lead; growth worries in focus
t Titanic sinking message shocking to those who got it
b Yahoo's 1Q shows modest gains in ad business
b Why are oil prices rising?
e Star Wars: Episode VII - Harrison Ford Injured on Set
t Apple WWDC 2014: The Announcements
b Turkey's Twitter ban condemned by president
e Charlie Sheen launches explosive Twitter rant at Rihanna after request for fiancé  ...
e Tribeca 2014: With Nas' 'Time Is Illmatic,' a jump to another era
m Watching Too Much TV May Increase Risk Of Early Death
t Heartbleed computer bug could have exposed your information.
b Moody's Lowers Outlook on Baxter (BAX) to Negative Following Split Plans
e 'X-Men' Stars Talk Nude Scene and Sexy Takes!
e Hello Kitty is not a cat; UH professor explains the revelation
e 'Community' rescued by Yahoo for season 6
b Will General Electric Hire Alan Mulally? Sounds Good To Me
t China confirms Microsoft under investigation for breach of antitrust regulations
t OCO-2 Lifts Off on Carbon-Counting Mission
t Watch Dogs and Mario Kart 8 - New Releases
m Bill Gates Wants to Give Remote Control Micro Chip Birth Control to Women
e Young Jeezy among six arrested in Wiz Khalifa concert shooting investigation
m Head doctor at Sierra Leone Ebola clinic dies
b GOP struggles with Obamacare surge
b Tesla Motors posts 1st-quarter loss; Model X delayed until next year
b Greece to get next bailout tranche, wants to borrow on markets soon
m New York top court upholds ruling blocking sugary drink ban
e Secrets trailer for Game of Thrones season 4
t Recall Alert: 1.9 Million Graco Infant-Safety Seats
m WHO declares polio a global health emergency
e US Airways removes pornographic Tweet – after an hour's airplay
e Lea Michele Releases SEXY Music Video for "On My Way"
b Deutsche Bank to raise £6.5bn in capital from investors
e Monty Python's farewell show has plenty of antics
m Four Loko Agrees To Change Marketing
t Samsung Galaxy K Zoom smartphone revealed with 20.7 megapixel camera
e So Miley Cyrus' Bangerz tour bus exploded ...
t AAA: 41 Million Americans To Celebrate Freedom With a July 4 Getaway
b Jerry Brito on Amazon and Antitrust
e Michael Jackson's estate worth $600 million
e Beyonce and Jay Z release fake movie trailer
t Current Mortgage Interest Rates at Capital One Bank on June 30, 2014
e Don Draper is a Rock Star
b Pound Advances On Risk Appetite
m Parents' Treatment of Infant Heightens Risk for Obesity
m Hundreds participate in annual Kingston Relay for Life (video)
b Coldwater Creek's options run dry
e Dave Grohl and Foo Fighters lead tributes to death of Kurt Cobain Former  ...
b Bayer doses up with $14.2bn Merck deal
b Conference Call Schedules, Board Appointments, New Products, Grants, and  ...
e British Novelist Sue Townsend Known For Adrian Mole Books Dies At Age 68
b BlackBerry revenue slips below $1bn as users shun BB10
b Lagarde probed over 'negligent' role in Sarkozy scandal
t AT&T buys DirecTV for $48.5 billion
e Brandy & Ryan Press End Engagement
b China's Southeast Asia Strategy Tested by Violent Protests in Vietnam
b Libyan rebels, government agree to reopen occupied oil ports
t Four things Microsoft needs to do now to boost Windows Phone
t Top Project: The Micro 3D Printer
b Morning Edition: Duke deciding fate of coal ash, Central Ohio population  ...
b Kraft recalls cottage cheese products
t European Court: Google Must Amend Some Results
m Genome gives clues to how polar bears rapidly evolved to cope with high-fat diet
t European publishing mogul accuses Google of developing a digital 'superstate'
e 'The Normal Heart:' Read what others are writing about the HBO movie
b USD/JPY extends losses on Fed inflation concerns
t Family of North Alabama woman killed in crash is suing General Motors
e Home / Entertainment News / Jessica Simpson, Eric Johnson marry
e Beverly Hills City Council Condemns Brunei Over Law Changes -
b Focus is on Bakken buyout candidates after Kodiak's $6B takeout
e Led Zeppelin may have copied this obscure prog-rock band's hair, but Stairway  ...
t Comparing the HTC One (M8), Sony Xperia Z2 and Samsung Galaxy S5
e Kardashian reveals wedding snaps
m The Big Read: Escape from grip of Ebola
e Kanye West - Kanye West Booed At Wireless Festival
t Is there anybody out there? New planet could hold life
m Surgery begins in Royal Oak for girl mauled by raccoon to get new ear
m Limit Use of Aspirin to Prevent Heart Attack, FDA Says
e 'True Blood' season 7, episode 2 recap: Jason and (spoiler), licking in a tree
e Kanye West raps about Kim Kardashian's ass in Future's new 'I Won' single
e CBS still mulling options for 'Late Late Show' hole after Craig Ferguson exit
b Daiichi Sankyo is handing control of its ailing Ranbaxy to local rival Sun  ...
b 'Govt yet to identify new search area for MH370'
e Birdman, review: 'spectacular, star-powered'
b Future bleak for long-term unemployed
b California Drought Could Cost Agriculture Industry $1.7 Billion
b Keener Chinese rivalry dents Samsung's quarterly profit
t Tweet self-propagates through TweetDeck, Twitter shuts down application | The  ...
e Valerie Harper Says She's 'Absolutely Cancer-Free'
t Sony Unveils Virtual Reality Headset for PS4
e Hiccup and Toothless return in high-flying sequel
e New Trailer for Dawn of the Planet of the Apes UPDATED with Second New Trailer
t TVtype: Tulsa's Lifeline Crisis Center advised calls may increase during  ...
t Is this Motorola's Moto E?
m 13 Million More Could Get Statin Therapy in US
e Michael Jackson's 'Xscape' Announced: Posthumous Album Out In May
e Gomez 'fires parents as managers'
e Robin Thicke: 'I called new album Paula because it is about estranged wife'
b Study: Biofuel from corn waste not better than gas
b 'Beijing's Promises Have Turned Out To Be Worthless'
e Miley Cyrus Cancels Second 'Bangerz' Tour Date As Doctors Keep Her In Hospital
e Lea Michele Keeps A Low Profile During Dermatologist Visit Following Dating  ...
b Malaysian passenger jet shot down over Ukraine, killing 295
b WWE Money in the Bank Live Coverage and Results: The Usos beat The Wyatt  ...
b Misbehaving IRS employees still got bonuses, agency IG finds
t Apple might buy Beats for $3.2 billion
e Sarandon`s casting in `Tammy` was crazy: Melissa McCarthy
b GoPro Shares Crushed After Earnings
b Hawkish Fed if unemployment beats expectations
b Gas prices, now near $3.70, may be close to 2014 peak
m US health chief admits 'pattern' of safety failures in handling of flu, anthrax viruses
m High-priced Pill Shocks U.S. Healthcare System
t Facebook Data Shows Diversity Gap Goes Beyond Technology
b German ZEW economic sentiment tumbles to 46.6 in March
t Identical twins offer up selves for space science
m Legalizing Medical Marijuana might not Harm Young Teens
b Microsoft Boss Relaxes Windows-First Policy
m Oil and Gas Wells on Federal, Indian Lands Lack Oversight: Report
b Broken water main floods UCLA; 5 people rescued
t IBM Unveils Power8 Chip As Open Hardware
b How tiny Argyle, New York played a role in a $43 billion health care merger
b Geithner: Ending too-big-to-fail is 'like Moby Dick for economists'
e It's raining cats and frogs! Kermit joins Laura Tobin to present Daybreak weather
t VIEW GM RECALL LIST: General Motors recalls 7.6 million more vehicles for  ...
e Ziering reveals how you can survive a Sharknado
e 'It Breaks My Heart': Drake CANCELS Wireless Festival Performance Due To  ...
m FAO, ministry hold meeting on Mers risk
t Apple releases new iMac priced under $1100
m California Is Officially Experiencing an Epidemic of a Disease We Thought Was  ...
e Bateman is nasty, hateful, and luckily funny in 'Bad Words'
t Hyundai restates new Sonata fuel economy
b Samsung's 1Q profit falls 4 percent
b Barclays to axe 14000 jobs and create 'bad bank'
b Detroiters raise objections to proposed parking fee hikes
b Coca-Cola, PepsiCo to drop controversial ingredient from all drinks
m Japanese Scientist Falsified Claims On Groundbreaking Stem Cell Research
b Tax Day Means Freebies For Consumers
e Chadwick Boseman plays James Brown a year after Jackie Robinson role
t US Conference of Mayors takes stand on gay marriage (Government Blog)
b Retail sales: What's driving demand?
e Bow down: Beyonce owns the MTV Video Music Awards
b Elaborate wedding in Aspen sparks complaints
b Gold price dips lower in range, Platinum Week brings volatility
t Samsung To Pay Another $4 Million More To Apple In Damages
b House committee approves communal mail boxes
e Madonna to direct movie adaptation of 'Ade: A Love Story'
m Minnesota is healthiest state for older adults, report says
b Paulson, Bloomberg Agree Global Warming Is Risky Business
b GlencoreXstrata Sells Las Bambas Mine to Chinese Consortium For $5.8 Billion  ...
e Dancing With The Stars 18: Here's The Rankings
b Stocks climb...FTC wants tighter rules on data brokers...Hyundia-Kia greenest  ...
b Board of Md. health-insurance exchange votes to hire Deloitte to overhaul it
e MOVIE REVIEW: 'Brick Mansions' just plain dumb
e Two 'Midnight Rider' Filmmakers Turn Themselves In To Georgia Authorities
m Hummus recall affects hummus dip, walnuts at Trader Joe's, Target
e Noted Anti-Vaxxer Jenny McCarthy Is Engaged to Donnie Wahlberg
e Miley Cyrus Covers 'Elle' Magazine's Women In Music Issue
t AT&T To Begin Pre-Orders on Samsung Galaxy S5, Gear 2, Gear 2 Neo, and  ...
b Will Democrats Retaliate Against Burger King for Abdicating to Canada?
e North Korea: 'The Interview,' starring James Franco and Seth Rogen, should not  ...
e Final season of Mad Men to be beamed for Indian fans
e Spain's bull festival kicks off
t Facebook admits it fiddled with users' emotions
b VIDEO: Uber vs Black Cabs – The London Protests and How Cabbies Want to  ...
t Aereo Supreme Court ruling: What it means (and doesn't) for streaming  ...
e 'The Real Housewives of New York City' Season 6 Premiere Recap: Ride the  ...
e Movie Review: “Noah” (PG-13)
m Energy Drinks and Alcohol: a Cocktail Combination with Serious Consequences
t Tesla To Launch $35K Model 3 In 2017
e Virus-hit McCartney cancels two Japan concerts
b EU top court throws out British challenge to FTT
m Marathon training good for heart health: study
e Oscar winner Lupita is People's most beautiful woman
t Google Unveils Two-Seater Self-Driving Car with No Steering Wheel or Pedals  ...
t Smartphone makers, carriers embrace anti-theft initiative
e Colin Firth can't bear Paddington role
e Peter Jackson's Time on Middle-Earth Ends With The Hobbit: The Battle of the  ...
b Yellen Enters Spotlight as Voice of the Fed
e Sofia Vergara is rumoured to be dating Joe Manganiello
e TV: The Walking Dead Gobbles Up TV…
e Kim Kardashian Baby Number 2 To Wear Designer Clothes And Earrings? North  ...
b Wall St. closes up but ends week lower, Europe stocks down
b Target's chairman and CEO out in wake of breach
t Samsung Galaxy S5 US launch: Where to get it and for how much
t The final hours of Windows XP
e Miranda Lambert on Her Fifth Studio Album 'Platinum': 'It All Comes Back to One  ...
e 'Blended' review: Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore pitch woo. Also, fits
e Petition Supporting Phil Robertson's Freedom of Speech
e CELEBRITY NEWS JENNY MCCARTHY IS ENGAGED!
t Microsoft expected to cut jobs after Nokia acquisition
m Relay for Life luminaries now available
e Who Should Win American Idol XIII? Vote!
e Our success lies in our geekiness: Martin
b Exxon Report Claims World 'Highly Unlikely' To Limit Fossil Fuels, Despite Risks
m First US Mers case doing better and 'may leave' hospital
e Hugh Jackman Suffers Second Cancer Scare (Photo)
m Girl, 12, to have life-saving gastric bypass surgery at CCHMC - FOX5 Vegas  ...
m Third case of MERS diagnosed in the US
t Tech companies team up to fund Heartbleed crisis group
m Three-parent babies inch closer to winning UK approval
e Oil spill cleanup impedes major Texas ship channel - kotanow.com- Scottsbluff  ...
e Will Smith and Jada have 'no issues' with daughter Willow lying in bed with  ...
e 'Weird Al' parodies Pharrell's 'Happy'
b Patrick Gottsch speaks for rural America at merger hearing
e TV Picks: 'Fargo,' 'SHIELD,' 'Mad Men'
t Apple, Google call truce in smartphone war
e Lady Gaga flashes the crowds her bum during NYC performance
t Jersey City Exhibit Pays Homage To Rubik's Cube During 40th Anniversary
e 'Orphan Black' season 2, episode 1 recap: Kidnapped
t Gas Prices Down 3 Cents Per Gallon
e Review: Muppets Most Wanted
e Grant Gustin on set of upcoming TV series The Flash
b Asia Pacific Market: Stocks dip on weak overseas cues, China data cuts loss
e Johnny Depp Pulled Over By Police While Speeding In Electric Car
e Prosecutors Drop Paul Simon, Edie Brickell Case
t US announces Toyota settlement
t Net neutrality undermined by proposed FCC rules, say free access groups
t Next Smart Fortwo, Forfour to debut July 16, previewed in design sketches
e Marvel's new Thor is going to be a woman for the first time ever
e Canadian author Farley Mowat dead at 92
e Thor becomes woman as Marvel updates hero for female readers
b Etihad unveils Airbus A380/Boeing 787 luxury 'Residence' innovations
m Immune children aid malaria fight: scientists
m State's first West Nile case of season is Travis County patient
e Chris Colfer Fired From Glee? No — He's Been HACKED!!!
e Jermaine Jackson MJ Would Have Set Bieber Straight
e Marvel recasts Thor as a woman
e Oscar-nominated writer-director Mazursky dies
t GM has repaired 154731 of 2.59 million cars in ignition recall
t Facebook buys Oculus VR: Web reactions
e Dakota Johnson Dazzles in Shades of Blue
e Want a treat? Buy a record
b ISM: Healthy Expansion of Manufacturing Activity in July
m Pistorius didn't suffer from mental illness at time of shooting
e Michael Bay Responds to 'Transformers' Haters
m Ohio mumps outbreak in two separate clusters
t Android L Vs Apple's IOS: Find out the Difference
b Gold trades near 6-week low
e Gwen Stefani Joins 'The Voice' — But Will Christina Aguilera Be Back?
t Just kidding, says Nest, we are totally sharing your data with Google
e Jobs Movie Will Portray Steve As 'Part Hero, Part Antihero,' Says Sorkin
m Study: E-cigarettes may not help smokers stop
t Samsung 'Galaxy Tab S' tablets reportedly coming with high-res AMOLED displays
e New Dawn Of The Planet Of The Apes Trailer Officially Released
e NBC News Journalist Ann Curry Saved by Boy Scouts Following Hiking Accident
b US economy grew at strong 4 percent rate in spring
e Shia LaBeouf Ushered Out Of Cabaret In Handcuffs
t Apple Is Continuing A Push Into The Mobile Payment Industry
e Madonna To Direct Third Film With Sex, Religion, Race and Lesbianism All  ...
t Galaxies out of a Supercomputer
t Google offers $150 gift card for Chromebook Pixel data shutoff
b Rana Plaza – One Year Later
e 'Orphan Black's' Tatiana Maslany adds clone to her roles in second season
b Taxi Drivers Push for Ridesharing Regulation
e 'Bears' star John C. Reilly: 'I felt that I really watched a family story'
e Hy Dorfman, Andi Dorfman's Dad on Bachelorette 2014 Finale: Photos and  ...
m Utilities fare well in report
b Timeline: Last Known Moments Of Flight MH370
t Intel makes major big data play, partners with Cloudera
e STAR WARS: "LEGENDS" - Full Trailer
m 1st US MERS patient could leave Indiana hospital soon
e Busy couple Anna Faris and Chris Pratt step out on separate coasts as he  ...
e AC/DC Confirm Malcolm Young Leaving 'Due To Ill Health,' Band Not Retiring
b Japan Preparing Economic Aid for Ukraine
e National September 11 Memorial Museum: Welcome to our tragedy, please exit  ...
e Bryan Cranston & His Wife Robin Dearden Are Elegant But Not Extravagant On  ...
t Five Takeaways from Samsung Earnings
e Garth Brooks CANCELS All Five Dublin Croke Park Shows: Why Is He Such A  ...
t United Airlines to Debut In-Flight Movie Service for iPad and iPhone in April
b UPDATE 1-China Jan-Feb property investment slows, sales drop
b Low Rates Won't Hide This Looming Threat Forever
e Wallach dies at 98
b 100 protesters arrested outside of McDonald's annual shareholders meeting
t Nokia Lumia 830: Images of Alleged Microsoft Device Leaked Online
b Slowing Euro Inflation Puts Pressure on Central Bank
e 10 Quotes from 'The Fault In Our Stars' That Will Break Your Heart
t Facebook Buys Oculus: The Implications
b Greenpeace blocks Gazprom's platform at Ijmuiden seaport, Netherlands (photo)
e To Be Young, Foolish And Baffled: Coming Of Age In 'Palo Alto'
e 'Flash' forward: Comic-Con sparks explosion of movie/TV previews
t T-Mobile Un-carrier 5.0 includes free iPhone 5s 'Test Drive,' Wideband LTE and  ...
b Reading Piketty in India
e PHOTO: Jessica Simpson shows off her incredible bathing suit body
t Free iPhone apps worth downloading today, free Android app deals
e Officials look at work commute in accident that injured Tracy Morgan; driver  ...
b Yahoo! (YHOO) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By  ...
e Caught on camera: Mama bear rescues cub from highway
e 'Game of Thrones' Season 4: HBO GO fails again after 'True Detective' issues
b Bill Clinton Joked With Tim Geithner About Slashing Lloyd Blankfein's Throat
e Four Lessons From The Networks' Report Cards
b The IRS Will Tax Bitcoin As a Property
e Muppets Most Wanted Director James Bobin Spills Some Muppet Secrets
t Almost Every Major Tech Company in America Blasts the FCC's Net Neutrality  ...
e Court gives Miley Cyrus restraining order
e Michael Strahan Makes Official 'Good Morning America' Debut - Watch Now!
t Daily Business Report — July 18, 2014
e 'Breaking Bad' goes out on top; Emmys best moments
t Yes, Apple's New iMac Is Cheaper — but at a Price
m Ebola death toll in Guinea reduced to 61
e The Big Bang Theory Season 8 Production Delayed as Cast Negotiates Contracts
b Nigeria emerges as Africa's largest economy
t In GM-Ford Dustup, Detroit Dirt Is The Big Winner
e What 'Transformers' says about China's economy
t Google Glass to be available in USA on April 15
t Google secures partner for glucose-tracking smart contact lens
e Madonna Set To Direct Adaptation Of “Ade: A Love Story”
e Israeli transgender diva sparks controversy after appearing with children in gay  ...
e Anna Faith looks just like Elsa from Frozen
b AstraZeneca, AT&T, Campbell Soup fall
t Global Warming Panel Calls for Dramatic Action to Avoid Catastrophe
e Schultz pushes Oprah Chai tea, questions $15 wage floor
e Chris Hemsworth and His Wife Welcome Twins
e Kim Kardashian's Sexy Boob-Baring Getup in 360
e 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' gets one thing right, but the rest very wrong
b HealthCare.gov 'down for maintenance' Monday morning
e Location, location
t Twitter Introduces Mute Feature For Mobile and Web Apps
e Too Many Treats? 7 Fun Kids' Experiments With Leftover Easter Candy
b Apprehensive Mood Continues As Overbought Markets Await Cues
e Kim Kardashian pierces North's ears, Twitter reacts
b Pfizer says its commitments to UK legally binding
m Ebola Spreads to Sierra Leone as Deadly Virus Outbreak Resurges
b Stocks Move Moderately Lower Amid Lingering Ukraine Worries - U.S.  ...
t Motorcycling - Marquez wins as Yamahas hit trouble
t Climate change imperatives shaping future paths for Asia as driver of world growth
e 'Deliver Us From Evil' needs more
e Kris Jenner to stage an Intervention for her son Rob Kardashian after he walked  ...
b Search for Missing Jet Enters 4th Week
e 'Seinfeld' star Wayne Knight is not dead, jokes he needs a death hoax to trend  ...
e Keeping Up With The Kardashians: Kim's Butt Steals The Show!
t Ham radio operators demonstrate emergency communications
b Euro zone stumbles after China surges
e Theater director William Rowland recalls actress Ruby Dee's visit to Syracuse
t Clouds, rain expected to blot out total eclipse of the moon over Pittsburgh region
e Lindsay Lohan: I felt humiliated by sex list
t Watch Conan O'Brien Play 'Watch Dogs'
e They have landed: Star Wars: Episode VII in Abu Dhabi and ready to start shooting
b New York sues Barclays for fraud over "dark pool" trading
b Ryanair launches flexible business-class tickets
b Mt. Gox faced 150000 DDoS attacks per second ahead of crash: Report
e Rolf Harris trial recap: Veteran entertainer sings 'Jake the Peg' as he gives  ...
b Gazprom Lowers Price in Eni Gas Deal
m Springfield Red Robin employee tests positive for hepatitis A, thousands at risk  ...
m Stocks to Track - EXACT Sciences Corporation (EXAS), Fred's, Inc. (FRED  ...
t Temple Run Series Hits One Billion Downloads
t Apple offer worldwide recycling
b Wal-Mart to begin allowing video game trade-ins at stores
m Mom acts as 'speed bump' to save kids from rolling car
t Political Correctness Brings down Tech CEO
b Trade your limes for (nearly) free drinks
e French Montana allegedly attempts to cheat on girlfriend Khloe Kardashian
t Apple Analysis Reveals That Consumers Want Larger Displays, Cheaper  ...
t Apple may be working on the new 12.9-inch iPad
b Ryanair launches new service for business and corporate travellers
e 'Game of Thrones' season 4, episode 4, 'Oathkeeper': A GIF Reaction
m FDA approves robotic exoskeleton to help paraplegics walk again
t Garmin targets Waze and Google Maps with Viago, a $2, upgradeable GPS app
b IRS Awards Bonuses to Employees Who Owe Back Taxes
e Lucasfilm Issues Official Word on the Future of the Star Wars Expanded Universe
e Wilmer Valderrama shuts down Twitter account over hacking
t Digital cos demand probe against Google's anti-competitive practices
e Californication Series Finale: How to watch 'Grace' online
m Seven More Mosquito Samples Test Positive for West Nile Virus in Suffolk
e 'Monty Python Live (Mostly)' Gets Mostly Mixed Reviews
e Mad Men: “A Day's Work”
e Future x Kanye West Spar On 'I Won'
t Garmin Viago launches, provides powerful navigation
e Weekend Box Office: 'Transformers' Beats 'Tammy' Over Weak July 4th Weekend
m In US, gay men clash over HIV prevention pill
b Malaysia Airlines likely to change its name to boost its reputation
e Did Led Zeppelin Violate the Spirit of the Law?
b The Alibaba Madness Begins
m Marijuana Use Linked To Risk Of Cardiovascular Illness And Death
t Middle finger salute added to 240 new emoji for smartphones
t SpaceX demands for Open Competition
m Mercedes hosts 2014 Relay for Life
e Beyoncé 'Leans In' For Sheryl Sandberg; Miley Cyrus Performs in Her Underwear
t New Xbox One commercial is turning on Microsoft's console
e Netflix Actually Won Big At Last Night's Emmys
b $20bn fraud accomplices convicted
e 'Mad Men' Pauses At The Half-Season With A Song And Dance
b Bank of America ordered to pay US$1.27B in Countrywide 'hustle' fraud
m ADHD Drugs Being Abused by College Students
b How Students, Parents Pay for College in 2014: Sallie Mae
t Poll: Big Bang theory of universe a question for most Americans
t National Hispanic Media Coalition Criticizes Possible FCC Open Internet Rules
t Apple expands buybacks by $30b, OKs 7-for-1 stock split
b Rodgers stops by the Badgers' locker room
e Rob Kardashian skipped Kim's wedding to Kanye West because of a family fight
t UN orders Japan to stop whaling in Antarctic waters (+video)
e Twitter #music iOS app pulled from App Store, existing installs to stop working on  ...
e 'Chicken Cup' Sets China Auction Record With $36 Million
t Xbox One VS PS4: Titanfall Launch Makes Xbox One Sales Almost Double in  ...
e Songwriter Jesse Winchester, whose career flourished in Montreal, dies at age  ...
b Euro zone deflation risks low: European Commission
e Coachella 2014, Day 1: Outkast Have a Hard Time Connecting with Crowd  ...
m Binge watching TV could make you die early, study suggests
t Binge-Watching Netflix Is About to Get More Expensive
t Sid Meier's Civilization: Beyond Earth Revealed
e Chris Martin secretly buys $16m bachelor pad
t Denon, Marantz, Pioneer, Onkyo, Integra Reveal Dolby Atmos-Equipped Home  ...
e Win a part in "Episode VII"; Iranians arrested for "Happy" video
b Satyajit Das: For a few cents more- Rana Plaza one year on
b The Opportunity in Emerging Markets – LPL FINANCIAL
t GM: Chevy Trax small SUV coming to US
e Nick Cannon's White Face Stunt Isn't Racist, It's Brilliant (VIDEO)
e Captain America Trumps "Rio 2" At The Box Office, Superheroes And Religious  ...
t Google starts removing personal information to comply with the 'right to be  ...
b Gas Explosion Trapped 17 Miners in Chinese Coal Mine
b Medtronic and Covidien Deal is Tax Strategy Guiding Healthcare M&A
t US sues T-Mobile USA, alleges bogus charges on phone bills
m Room for Debate: Can Cannabis Curb Seizures?
t Redesigning of Android by Google to boost smart watches
m Latest health rankings report greatest need in rural counties
t Tesla Opening Access to its Electric Car Patents
e 5 Things We Learned From Channing Tatum's 'GQ' Cover Story
e The Bachelorette's Andi Dorfman & Josh Murray Are Moving In Together
m Agent: Pistorius planned travel with girlfriend - ABC FOX MONTANA NEWS  ...
b Congress quickly backs bills to aid crisis-torn country
t Microsoft unveils new version of Surface Pro tablet
e 'The Walking Dead' Comic-to-TV Comparison: Season 4 Finale "A"
b US Economic Growth For Q4 Is Revised Slightly Up
e Hollywood on mission to win faith of Christians
e Zara apologies and withdraws striped top amid anger over 'Holocaust' pyjamas
e X-Men: Days of Future Past Trailer, Poster Reveal
e Lily Tomlin and Jane Fonda to Star in Netflix Comedy Grace and Frankie
e McCarthy's film misses funny bone
m MERS mystery: Virus found in camels
t Google unveils 'modular' Project Ara smartphone
e 'Fifty Shades of Grey' Movie Cast, News & Release Date: New 50 Shades Picture  ...
t The Next-Gen Cadillac CTS-V will be Unveiled in 2015
t Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 LTE update to KitKat now available to download
e Pip Andersen, left, and Crystal Clark join "Star Wars Episode VII" cast. (Star Wars)
b Stocks up, set to close week with solid gains
e 'Most Wanted' captures magic of Muppets
t IBM Deepens Move to Computer Defense
t Astronauts, Including Waterbury Native, Go On Spacewalk
m Study Ties Too Much Sitting to Risks for Certain Cancers
b Lithuania ready to adopt euro from 2015, Commission says
t Astronomers detect Big Bang 'waves'
b WJTV News Channel 12 - Detroit strikes 2nd deal with its other retirees
b Detroit still needs $350M from state lawmakers - 2 Hours Ago
e Miley Cyrus tickets on sale Friday
m Foreign medics in Saudi Arabia could take Mers global
e X-Men Days of Future Past and The Normal Heart
t Apple Reveals iOS 8 Device Compatibility, Drops Support for iPhone 4
e Maksim Chmerkovskiy & Meryl Davis React to Dancing With the Stars Win  ...
t #FirstTweets of finance: the first ever tweets sent out by Buffett, Icahn
t Android's Relationship With Samsung
e North Korea threatens to 'punish' Bishop
e 'Orange is the New Black' unveils Season 2 trailer
m RI Hospital researcher and colleagues discover protein that may lead to malaria  ...
e Michelle Obama to guest star on Nashville alongside Connie Britton next month
m We're genetically linked to our friends
e Report: TI involved in street brawl with Floyd Mayweather, Jr.
m FDA Approves First Medical Migraine Prevention Device
b Ikea workers in Canton will benefit from company's new 'living wage' policy
t Why Does Samsung Stuff So Many Apps You Don't Need Into Its Phones?
m Rates of skin cancer have more than quadrupled in past 40 years
e Mila Kunis, Ashton Kutcher expecting child
e Raze It To the Ground and Burn the Ashes: A Mrs. Doubtfire Sequel Is Happening
b Thomson Reuters Profit Tops Estimate - Update
m MannKind Trading Up 9.7% on Analyst Upgrade (MNKD)
t Samsung to launch Galaxy Tab S tablets with Super AMOLED display
m Study Shows Stimulant Use Impacts ADHD, BMI Link
t Facebook launches Snapchat rival Slingshot, only available in US for now
t Samsung announces S5 mini, preps global release
m Prepare your packaging for nutrition label changes
e Review: 'Cesar Chavez' noble, intimate, inspiring
b Squirrel pays ultimate price while causing $300K damage to Indiana building
m Oscar Pistorius not mentally ill during killing
b India's services PMI hits 17-month high in June
m Resveratrol in Red Wine May Not Be Such a Health Booster, After All
e Kendall, Kylie, Kim and the entire Kardashian klan hit French Montana's surprise  ...
e Michael Jackson's memory defiled
e Gaga gets sex toy for birthday
t Quest Visual
e DreamWorks mixing faves, newbies in YouTube debut (Update)
t Xbox One launching in Japan and 25 other countries in...
t NASA's rover Curiosity discovers Australia on Mars, sort of
b Why Pfizer, other US multinationals can't keep waiting for corporate tax reform
e Columbus Man's Online Potato Salad Effort Takes Off On Kickstarter
m Mass. state Rep. Sciortino to head AIDS Action Committee, reveals he has been  ...
e Benedict Cumberbatch to Return to BBC One's SHERLOCK in Special & 3 New  ...
e OK James Brown biopic Get On Up fumbles one of pop music's most compelling  ...
e Boy Scouts to the rescue! Injured Ann Curry saved by troop
t Samsung unveils Octa-core Galaxy Tab S tablets with Super AMOLED displays  ...
e Cinco De Mayo Costumes: 8 Things Not To Wear, Avoid Embarrassing Yourself  ...
m NYPD will begin carrying drugs to reverse heroin overdoses
b Barclays Appoints Crawford Gillies As Member Of Remuneration Committee
e Morning Roundup: McCartney Cancels Concerts, Dinklage Sums Up 'Thrones'
e Selena Gomez shares thoughtful looking selfie after posting cryptic song lyrics  ...
e Sinister Director Scott Derrickson to Helm Doctor Strange for Marvel
m American MERS patient doing well
t IPCC report highlights climate risk for Australia
b Former New York Times Executive Editor Won't Be at Brandeis Commencement
t Chrysler reveals "most powerful muscle car ever"
e Beyoncé Leads Time's List Of The 100 Most Influential People
b AbbVie Returns With New $52B Shire Bid
e New video with Justin Beiber using racial slur surfaces
e Top 10 Orlando Bloom movies
m 17 New MERS Cases In Saudi Arabia
e New Star Wars movie to be penned by game writer Gary Whitta
e Ladies weep! Ryan Gosling, Eva Mendes having a baby: report 0
e Mick Jagger slams Monty Python reunion
t There's No Place Like Homepage: NY Student's Art Contender for Google  ...
t BlackBerry To Expand Application Ecosystem By Making Amazon Appstore  ...
b Supreme Court largely upholds EPA's ability to regulate greenhouse gases
t FBI Arrests Hackers in Malware Case, Is Your Computer Protected?
e Bryan Singer: Michael Egan Accusations are Vicious and Completely False!
b TD Bank Mortgage Rates: 30-Year and 15-Year Fixed Home Loans and  ...
e VIDEO: Jay Z, Blue Ivy Present Beyonce with VMA Vanguard Award
t Here's How Microsoft Corporation Can Grow in the Connected Car Market
t WhatsApp Messenger Updated With New Wallpapers, New Privacy Settings
e ABC's Josh Elliott leaving 'Good Morning America' for NBC Sports; Amy Robach  ...
t Scientists Discover an Asteroid With Rings
e Pride parade marches down Fifth Ave.
t Apple Inc. (AAPL) to Acquire Radio App Swell
t Galaxy Note 4 Retina Scanner, More Evidence Revealed
e MILEY CYRUS GOES ON PROFANE RANT AGAINST LIAM HEMSWORTH
t Twitter's Q2 ad revenues grow 129% to $277m
t Gas prices up 2 cents in Rhode Island
b Dollar edges lower against euro and yen
b Bank of America hit with $4 billion in litigation costs, earned $2 billion in second  ...
t Microsoft Challenges US Warrant To Disclose Email Stored Abroad
e Irish actor Domhnall Gleeson confirmed for top "Star Wars" role
t Obama plays soccer with a robot in Japan
b No arrests as protesters return to McDonald's headquarters
b PF Chang's Confirms Some Customer Credit Card Info Was Compromised In A  ...
e Have Andi and Josh Already Set a Wedding Date?
m ADHD prescriptions skyrocket in US
e Charleston's own Stephen Colbert plays himself in visit with David Letterman  ...
b Success for first Aegis Ashore missile launch
e Video: UK singer Molly Smitten-Downes heads into tomorrow's Eurovision Song  ...
e Ice Cube Jokes That Paul Walker Shouldn't Have Won An MTV Movie Award
e First trailer for Orange Is the New Black season 2
e VIDEO: Lady Gaga And 'Real Housewives' Pup Prepare For Her Newest Music  ...
e Melissa McCarthy and Ben Falcone talk Midwest upbringing, working relationship
b Aldi and Lidl continue to set the pace of supermarkets
e Rolling Stones '14 on Fire' tour changed because of L'Wren Scott's death
t Facebook faces flak for experimenting with users' emotions
e Instead of Laughing at Lindsay, We Should Be Reprimanding Oprah
t Google Nest slurps your life into the Matrix? The TRUTH
e Turkey's Nuri Bilge Ceylan wins Cannes' Palme d'Or for “Winter Sleep”
e 'The Bachelor 2014' Juan Pablo Galavis: Living situation said to be quite cozy
e Kendall Jenner: 'Kardashian fame stops me being taken seriously'
b New York's Lawsky wants senior BNP execs fired in probe
m In the Nation
b Lorillard Q2 Profit Drops - Quick Facts
m FDA still baffled by pet jerky treats sickening animals causing over 1000 deaths
t Manatees' endangered status challenged
b Auto sales hit 9-year high
b Texas Faces Steep Cut Kentucky Avoids Under Obama Climate Plan
e Scotts Creek Baptist lists church's Easter services
m UPDATE 3-State high court rules NYC ban on large sodas is illegal
t Apple hit with lawsuit over disappearing iMessages for iPhone to Android  ...
e George Clooney's Fiancee Amal Alamuddin Turned Star Down TWICE Before  ...
t Flickr Redesigns Mobile App, Adds Video Capture, Editing
b Draghi's €1trn shot at lending risks falling short
t Windows 8 ban catches Microsoft way off balance
e American Idol recap: Wildcard vs. Wildchild
b Amazon debuts service to let Twitter users add things to cart with hashtag | The  ...
t Google I/O 2014 keynote live stream and live blog
b Don't Buy These Social Media Stocks
b 29 states see drop in unemployment rates for Feb.
m U.S. officials worried as measles outbreaks spike
e Thor undergoes sex change
b Asia stocks muted as China data, Wall St weighed - Business, Government  ...
e Andi Dorfman: Replacing Jenny McCarthy & Sherri Shepherd On 'The View'?
m Frostie the Baby Goat Fitted with Customized Wheelchair
b Will This Price Target Increase Help Oracle (ORCL) Today?
b Target faces identity crisis
b Robinson: Obamacare didn't bring on the apocalypse
t Gasoline prices fall to lowest levels since March
t Twitter to acquire Social Media Data firm Gnip
b BlackBerry Passport outed by CEO John Chen to be launched in September  ...
t Samsung expands Gear portfolio with Android Wear
t China Bans Use of Microsoft Windows 8 on Government Computers
b Supermarket Tesco reports profit setback in UK, says will focus on India and China
e 'Deliver Us From Evil' movie review: Horror-thriller is possessed by ghosts of  ...
t Apple seen eyeing Beats Electronics
t Facebook changes default privacy settings
t Nadella's Microsoft: Enter the Renaissance Man
e 4th of July: NYC Shines With Fireworks at Brooklyn Bridge (Photo Gallery)
m Parents of city boy, 7, request prayers, access to trial drug
e 50 Cent Claims Beyoncé Almost Attacked Him
b TRULIA, INC. SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Rigrodsky & Long, P.A. Announces  ...
e Miley Cyrus still hospitalized, cancels 2nd show
t Final fed climate report will present dire picture - WSVN-TV - 7NEWS Miami Ft  ...
b Texas jury awards $3M to family for illnesses related to fracking
m Salmonella Outbreak Linked To Chia Seed Powders, CDC Says
b Excessive benzene found in Lanzhou tap water
m Triangle research will help guide new e-cigarette regulations
t Top 10 exclusive Android apps that you must try
e Sherri Shepherd Under-Fire Again Fist Husband alleges Neglect
b Yen gains in Asia after BoJ wraps up meeting
e Walt Disney World to add 'Frozen' characters, fireworks, parties at Hollywood  ...
e Rolling Stone cover botches Constitution tattoo with wrong signature
b Malaysia receives new satellite data from France: Transport Ministry
b Target Asks Customers Not to Pack Heat Shopping Because Apparently It  ...
e Archie Andrews to Die in July's Final Issue of 'Life With Archie'
b PM Abbott says Aust in sync with US
t Galaxy Tab 4 7.0 Release Date Coming Soon as Press Shot Leaks
e Iowa farmer Chris Soules is ABC's next Bachelor
b Fed likely to reiterate flexible policy
m Top Ebola doctor dead in African outbreak; local airline suspends flights
b Target names new data chief; plans more secure payment card
e WATCH BET Awards 2014 LIVE STREAM Online: Chris Rock Hosts, Beyonce  ...
m Glaxo's Ebola vaccine may begin safety tests in humans next week
b SanDisk to acquire Fusion-io for $1.1b
e Anna Kendrick hits sour note on 'Saturday Night Live'
b Patent win helps Shire as AbbVie plots
t Americans fear Google Glass almost as much as drones – survey
t Ken Feinberg to advise on GM compensation cases
e Galaxy's Brightstar
e Kaley Cuoco Sweeting on her wedding: It was the eighth wonder of the world
e Jessie J unveils AMAZING 'Bang Bang' video & Nicki Minaj talks wardrobe  ...
b Herbalife shares plunge on report of FBI probe
e Captain America's Chris Evans: By No Means Am I Retiring From Acting
t BLOG: Does Project Morpheus stand a chance against the Oculus Rift?
t BlackBerry (BBRY), Amazon (AMZN) Said to Enter Deal for Appstore Access
t Facebook gives mobile phone app ear for music
b Dow pops above 17000, S&P 500 at record as jobs jump
b Forex - USD/CAD weekly outlook: July 14 - 18
b Arizona Senate panel OKs bill to exempt Tesla from rules requiring only dealers  ...
m 2.3% of Americans are bisexual or gay
b China's Economic Growth Rate Slows But Is Still Among The World's Best
e X-Men director Bryan Singer calls sex assault accusations in lawsuit 'a shakedown'
t FCC Moves Ahead on Plans to Hold Wireless Spectrum Auction
e Tracy Morgan is doing better
t NASA's Kepler telescope detects Earth-like planet in habitable zone
e Lohan sues over 'Grand Theft Auto V' video game
t AT&T Announces Pre-Orders For Samsung Gear'' 2, Gear 2 Neo And Gear'' Fit
e AP PHOTOS: July 4th celebration across US
e 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' Steals 'Godzilla's' Memorial Day Box Office Number  ...
b Switzerland's Minimum Wage Could Jump from $0 to $25 an Hour
b Pew Report: Total Value of Station Acquisitions Hits 7-Year High
m Baby Aspirin may prevent deadly baby problem
b Forex - Pound edges lower against dollar, remains supported
t Attention Apple! Amazon is ready to launch its smartphone
e Jay Z and Beyoncé's "On the Run" Projected to Become the Second Most  ...
e It's Official: Jennifer Lopez and Keith Urban Join Harry Connick Jr. and Ryan  ...
t FCC proposes pay-for-priority Internet standards
m Individuals Tend to Choose Partner with Similar DNA, Study
t Opinion: Office 365, Microsoft's Cloud-based future, and why Google should be  ...
b It's on: Shire and AbbVie agree £32bn takeover
t Microsoft's Chinese offices raided by government officials
e Samsung Galaxy S5 vs HTC One M8 vs Nokia Lumia 930: Ice bucket challenge
b Barclays suffers as profits at investment bank halve
t [Update] Microsoft Will Close Xbox Entertainment Studios
b UPDATE: ECB prepares to act as inflation slows sharply
t REUTERS/Stephen Lam
e It's my fault: Robin Thicke on split from Paula Patton
b 5 things you need to know Wednesday
e BET Awards 2014: Best red carpet looks and top show moments
b ECB easing bets keep euro zone bond yields subdued
m Obama makes Sebelius resignation official and announces her successor
e Here's What People Think of Lupita Nyong'o in Her Native Mexico
e Veronica Mars review
b India tells Kerry US snooping is 'unacceptable'
e True Blood stars Ryan Kwanten and Alexander Skarsgard team up for raunchy  ...
e DWTS' Mark Ballas blogs: Injury won't keep him down
e Trailer lands for The Hobbit: The Battle Of The Five Armies
t Meet Ivy Ross: The New Head Of Google Glass To Make Wearable Tech More  ...
b Lufthansa cancels 3800 flights as pilots strike
e Film review: 'Veronica Mars'
e Coachella: Student Dies Days After Festival Drug Overdose
e George Clooney Amal Alamuddin Wedding: Lawyer's Mother 'Doesn't Approve  ...
t BMW and Tesla Are Having an EV Love Fest
b Draghi comments send European stocks rallying
e Watch: Horrible Bosses 2 gets its first official teaser and it looks amazing
t Motorola Moto E to launch in India soon
t Harley-Davidson (HOG) electric motorcycle, dubbed Project LiveWire, unveiled
e Another Day, Another Uninspiring X-MEN Trailer
e Scribbled Draft Lyrics of Bob Dylan's “Like a Rolling Stone” Sells for Record $2  ...
e Chris Martin Is The Voice's New Mentor
e Frankie Knuckles, Legendary DJ, Dead at 59
e Legends Of Oz: Dorothy's Return to hit the big screen
b NY Attorney General Sues FedEx Over Cigarette Shipments
e 5 Favorite Lupita Nyong'o Looks!
b Twitter Users Can Buy Amazon Items With #AmazonCart Hashtag
b Samsung forecasts 25 per cent drop in profits for second quarter
e GLAAD Media Awards 2014: Jennifer Lopez, 'The Fosters' among winners (plus  ...
e Loved Up Selena Gomez And Justin Bieber 'Holding Hands' At Coachella Music  ...
t LG G3 to be officially unveiled on May 27?
b Affordable Care Act Deadline Approaches
m Heart disease can be reversed, research suggests
b Colorado far ahead in pollution standards as new EPA plan draws political sparks
e 'The Flash' Costume Revealed: DC Comics Release First Image Of Grant Gustin  ...
b Oil risk flares in Iran nuclear talks amid unrest in Iraq
t In Pics: Earth Hour observed across the globe
t Tesla to install 3 shields to ward of roadway debris, prevent battery fires
e Nazi Camp Uniform? Fashion Retailer Zara Pulls 'Holocaust' Shirt From Stores
b Less corn, more cotton, soybeans - USDA report
e 5 Reasons Why Kanye West Should Stop Begging His Friends to Like Kim  ...
b Amazon opens warehouses to tours
m Hepatitis A Outbreak Linked to Charlotte Pizza Shop
t Here's what Tesla's 'good faith' patent stance actually means
t Tesla To Add Triple Underbody Shield And Better Fire Protection To Magnificent  ...
e Review: Transcendence like a 'Clunky Ted Talk'
m Keep yourself stress-free with 25 minutes of meditation
b New companies submit proposals to sell health plans in Washington
b Report: US fine for French bank could hit $9B
t `Cosmos' is back with new host for new generation
e See What Made J.Lo Cry On 'American Idol'
t Twitter adds photo tagging, ability to have 4 photos in one post
t Apple begins decorating San Francisco's Moscone Center ahead of next week's  ...
t Driverless cars 'require new insurance approach'
b Ex-Treasury Sec. Geithner expresses regret over 2008 finance crisis in new  ...
t Here's how to defend yourself from Facebook's new browser-spying campaign
b Turkey's Twitter ban backfires on Erdogan
t Samsung unveils high-end Galaxy Tab S; price starts at $399
t Future of Open Internet Faces Numerous Threats: Survey
b Bond Yields Make Some Sense
t Google Nexus lineup will live on, Google official confirms
e 'I'm On Trial for Being a Dwarf'
b More money, more problems: Obama whacks the wealthy
e The Fault In Our Stars premieres beautiful new song from Birdy, 'Not About  ...
t Abandoned 'Burger King baby' meets mom
m USAMRIID scientists: Ebola outbreak larger than official numbers
m Researchers use electrical current to control dreams
m Even Slightly High Blood Pressure Could Raise Stroke Risk
e Whoopi Goldberg writing marijuana column for Colorado website
m Ground beef recall expanded; here's how to take precautions grilling those  ...
e Transformers 4: 13 Things We Learned From The Cast
e James Brown Bio 'Get On Up' Stuck in a Funk
e Sharknado 2 Whips Up Storm On Social Media
t Why Apple and Comcast Need Each Other to Reinvent TV
e Diane Sawyer announces departure from ABC's 'World News'
e Watch Kristen Stewart's Directorial Debut
e Spotify now has 40 million active monthly users, 10 million of whom are paying  ...
b Is Piketty's 'Capital' full of mistakes?
t Apple v. Samsung 2 is Now in the Jury's Hands
b Breaking: Target CEO Resigns; Pfizer's results mixed; Buffett didn't want to go to  ...
m Mothers may pass on fears via smell
e Shocker! Miley Cyrus Takes Part In #FlashBackFriday, Or Rather #FlashFriday  ...
b Higher wholesale price inflation may keep RBI away from cutting rates: Moody's
e Amy Adams Gives Her First Class Airplane Seat To Soldier
b Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy in $4bn Acquisition Deal Creating India's Largest  ...
e 'Glee': Chris Colfer Denies Tweeting About Leaving for Next Season
t LGBT Pride Month: A 30-day musical and historical calendar
m DRINK TO THAT
m US tops in cost, last in outcomes when it comes to health care: study
t AT&T defends DirecTV deal
b AP: 22 bodies counted at Ukraine wreckage site
e Mad Men's Jon Hamm opens up about his soft porn past!
m Drinking Fat-Free Milk May Delay Knee Osteoarthritis In Women
b Deals or No Deals on Libyan and Iranian Crude
t NASA Releases 'Restored' Video Of Triton On 25th Anniversary Of Voyager Flyby
e Stephen Colbert congratulates David Letterman's successor, Stephen Colbert
t VLC for Windows 8 is available now on Windows Store
t This Week's 5 Dumbest Stock Moves
b COH: Coach Stock Slides on Weaker Sales
b Our system of taxation is broken
e Lupita Nyong'o And Scarlett Johansson To Star In Disney's The Jungle Book?
b JPMorgan Chase Chief Executive Diagnosed With Throat Cancer
e Hollywood Scrambles To Make Bowe Bergdahl Movie
e Lamar Odom's Frantic Phone Calls Refused by Khloe Kardashian: Is She  ...
t Apple CEO Time Cook 'outed' as gay by CNBC co-achor
m Nevada among 9 states linked to chicken salmonella outbreaks
e Jay Z will headline the Global Citizen Festival in September
e Pandora Doesn't Want to Pay for Music Made Before 1972
e Biopic Boseman drips with charisma as James Brown
t Foxconn hires 100000 new employees for iPhone 6 production
e Avengers: Age of Ultron To Bring Back Lou Ferrigno
t Next Google Nexus phone may come with a budget price
b Goldman Sees 24% China Stocks Rally on Decade-Low Valuations
e Viral video: Beyonce's sister allegedly attacks Jay-Z after Met Gala
t Report: Android TV shows Google hasn't given up on set-up boxes
t Microsoft announces closure of Xbox Entertainment Studios
t Galaxy S5 fingerprint scanner has been hacked, PayPal users at risk
m Woman fakes cancer; tricks friends, neighbors into donating thousands of dollars
b Bank of America suspends plans to raise dividend, buy shares
b Argentina Defaults for 3rd Time in 28 Years
b Proxy Fight Looms in Allergan-Valeant Dispute
e Gisele Bundchen and Tom Brady selling estate in LA
e The Fault in Our Stars actress a modest over-achiever (with video)
b 'Four Dishes, One Soup' Not Enough For Sino-Russian Gas Deal Celebration
m Watching too much TV increases your risk of early death
t Will Apple still be the top dog in eight years?
m InterMune Higher on Superior Lung Drug Data, FDA Resubmission Next
e Austria's Conchita Wurst through to Eurovision finals
m Dr. Oz On Capitol Hill Tuesday
m NC company to help dying 7-year-old who was denied experimental drug
m Sen. Brown joins FDA sunscreen fight
t US warns on use of flawed Microsoft browser...
b US home sales fall, but consumer confidence touches six-year..
b Is Dov Charney Planning Legal Action Against American Apparel?
e 'Mrs. Doubtfire' sequel in pipeline
b Bulgaria's third biggest lender says no restrictions on operations
e Emmy Nominations Wish List: Outstanding Drama Series
e 'Mad Men' poised to begin its end
m FDA Approves Belinostat to Treat Rare Lymphoma
m Doctors using new drug to help missionary battling Ebola
e Justin Bieber cellphone incident prompts LAPD response to restaurant
t That Controversial Facebook Emotion Study May Have a Troubling Government  ...
b UPDATE 1-South African engineering strike to go ahead on July 1 - NUMSA union
b J&J beats forecasts as new drugs shine, shares jump
e 'The Voice': Stefani to replace Aguilera?
b Airbnb Set to Challenge New York Rental Probe Subpoena
e Katy Perry's Image Will Hang in National Portrait Gallery
b California water-wasters may get a $500 fine
b California has head start, but new EPA rules on carbon will prompt state to go  ...
b John Kerry begins first round of strategic talks with India, seeks to fortify Indo-US  ...
e 'Saturday Night Live' Writer Leslie Jones In Hot Water Over Racist Jokes
b Gazprom to receive $25 billion prepayment for gas supplies to China
t Microsoft To Update Office Apps For iPad With Support For Printing Functions
b More honesty needed on dangers of nuclear power
t Gasoline-loving spiders prompt another Mazda recall
t Giant mystery crater in Siberia has scientists stumped, but they're looking into it
b Why Coca-Cola (KO) Stock Is Up Today
e Jay Z & Beyoncé's “On The Run” Projected To Be 2nd Most Successful Tour
t Samsung unveils new Galaxy Tab S
t Mercedes, BMW recall cars to fix lights, bolts
e Church on Easter
m 8 mumps cases at NJ college
t Ricci Martin
b Retailers accused of 'failing victims' a year after Bangladesh garment factory  ...
e Piracy becoming a problem for shows like "Orange Is the New Black"
m These acne products could be deadly
b Democrats Need to Start Blaming the GOP for the Death of Charlene Dill How  ...
e Voters mixed over fraud charges for NY congressman
e Katy Perry Announces Record Label Imprint Metamorphosis Music on Twitter  ...
e The Streak Is Over For Jeopardy's Second-Biggest Winner
t Titanfall tops PC chart, doubles FIFA 14 sales
e George Clooney steps down from UN role
m Prescription drugs deaths down in Florida
e Zara pulls shirt resembling concentration camp uniform
t Microsoft pins hopes on Titanfall boosting Xbox One sales
b Alstom Selects General Electric's (GE) Proposal
b Thailand gives radar data 10 days after plane lost 03/18/14
t Instagram Reaches 200M Monthly Active Users
m Glaxo's ebola vaccine to begin human clinical trials shortly (GSK)
t FCC extends the deadline for comments on net neutrality until Friday night
e DANCING WITH THE STARS: FINALE RECAP FOR MAY 20, 2014
t Microsoft's Office for iPad Team Discusses Ballmer's Role in Launch, Mac  ...
t Rockford gas prices down 2.1 cents in last week
e Siobhan Fallon Hogan - Shia Labeouf's Former Co-star Sympathises With  ...
b 'Stronger rules needed on flight paths'
b Tokyo stocks lower
b Workers demand reinstatement of ousted Market Basket leader
e Jimmy Fallon and Kermit the Frog want to wish you a late St. Patrick's Day
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West are Hunting for a Bigger Apartment in New York!
e Rick Ross Beats Pharrell Williams For No. 1 Album
m Report finds seniors improving in key measures of health
b Alibaba Seeks Blockbuster IPO in US
e Levi's CEO Says You Should Never Wash Your Jeans
b Another dovish speech from Yellen - Deutsche Bank
e Is Mila Kunis pregnant? Let's get excited by looking at the yummiest celebrity  ...
e Macklemore apologises for costume seen by some as anti-Semitic
b Thomas Sowell: School choice could move blacks to vote Republican
m MERS contracted by businessman in the US
e Batman: Arkham Knight Pushed Into 2015
e 7 Not-So-Sweet Lessons About Sugar
b Hyundai Motor Q1 net flat, misses estimates
t Many ATMs still running Windows XP: Microsoft
e Echo of 1984 Betamax landmark in US high court Aereo TV fight
e Pistorius testifies at his murder trial
b IKEA to raise its minimum wage, not its prices
t VR Game 'The Assembly' Announced for PS4 and Project Morpheus
b CBO: FY 2014 Federal Deficit Down $170B From a Year Ago
t 'Blood moon' will be a sight to behold during total lunar eclipse
m The "Pollen Vortex" Is Coming for You
b Morning Scan Déjà Vu: Fed Rejects Citi's Capital Plan; B of A Settles Over Bad  ...
t Verizon pulls plug early on free Chromebook Pixel data plan
e Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin split after ten years together
e Britney Spears tweets her congratulations to newlywed sister Jamie Lynn Spears
b Personal Finance: How to withdraw from your 401(k)
e 'GOOD, THE BAD, THE UGLY' ACTOR ELI WALLACH DIES AT 98
e High speed caused actor Paul Walker's crash
e Hollywood and Isla Vista
e Zendaya Coleman Not Playing Aaliyah Anymore, Reason Revealed?
e 'The Fault In Our Stars' First Clip Released - WATCH NOW!
t Montana Health Record Breach Compromised Data of 1.3 Million People
t Brand new meteor shower making debut tonight
b Coldwater Creek files for Chapter 11, will liquidate its stores
e Federal judge: Women should tone down dress
m Why Gentiva Health Services (GTIV) Is Up in After-Hours Trading Today
m Eye Tests Show Potential To Detect Alzheimer's Early
b Why the Turn in the Euro May Be For Real
b Coal rises vampire-like as German utilities brave crisis
b Yields on new Greek 5yr bonds rise, traders cite widespread selling
e A Scruffy Andrew Garfield Arrives At The Venice Film Festival To Promote '99  ...
m Police to Accept Unused Prescription Drugs No Questions Asked
e The Search Begins in First Trailer for David Fincher's 'Gone Girl'
m Eat Protein-Rich Diet to Stay Away from Stroke
b Mario Draghi hedges on ECB's stimulus options
e “He Placed The Knife Next To My Throat”: Restraining Order Docs Detail Scary  ...
e Apple CEO Tim Cook 'Outed' as Gay by CNBC co-achor, Simon Hobbs on Live  ...
e 11 Recipes for Cinco de Mayo Food Festivities
t PS4 system sales surpass 7 million
e Summer Movies | The flicks worth catching
b Gold falls to 2-1/2-week low in Asia
t The Amazing Spider-Man 2 indefinitely postponed on Xbox One
t Report: Huge Layoffs at Xbox Europe
e Tammy | Movie review
b Turkish people strike back, tweeting against Twitter ban
e Christian Grey Gets Romantic In 'Fifty Shades Of Grey' Previews!
b Manufacturing in US Expands at Fastest Pace in Three Years
e The Wachowskis' Jupiter Ascending Moves to 2015
t Facebook Is Now Selling Your Web-Browsing Data To Advertisers
t Harley-Davidson unveils the LiveWire - its first-ever electric motorcycle
t OS X Yosemite: Top Five Features
b Bank Of England In Deputy Governor Shake-Up
m WHO: Spread of polio is an international public health emergency
e 'Noah': Razor-sharp Russell Crowe on a mission from God
t Scientists unveil 'chicken from hell' dinosaur that lived 66 million years ago
b Ex-'Times' editor Jill Abramson pulls out of Brandeis commencement
e Lindsay Lohan Reveals She Had a Miscarriage on Reality Show Finale
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West reject YouTube co-founder Chad Hurley's charity  ...
e Miley Cyrus and Emma Roberts bond during a friendly dinner out on the town
e Lawyer claims Led Zeppelin stole intro for 'Stairway to Heaven'
b Signs of better times fuel potential record-breaking holiday
m WHO: Large gains in life expectancy
e Ice Bucket Challenge For A Good Cause
m Rest up, Mr. Lee
t AT&T to reportedly exclusively sell Amazon smartphone
e Paul McCartney returns to stage in Albany, New York, after brief hospitalization  ...
b Rouhani says Iran has the might to deter any attacks
b Family Dollar: No plans to move workers now, but maybe later
t PC market could see a mini revival this year: Gartner
m WHO "Deeply Concerned" Over Polio Resurgence Declares Global Health  ...
t The Hubble Peers Deep Into Universe's History
b Citigroup Adds Danaher (DHR) To US Focus List
e Khloe Kardashian Travels In White Jeans After Kimye Wedding
b Major Averages Move Back To The Upside After Last Week's Pullback
t Apple looks at Beats purchase
e 'Dancing With the Stars' Season 18 Finale: We Have a Winner!
b Retail sales dip 0.5% in May
e Kimye have paid their honeymoon hotel bill
t Amazon Fire TV: How will it fare against Apple TV, Roku and Google Chromecast?
e Jessica Simpson's Ex Files — See Her Famous Lovers! (VIDEO)
e Texas Tech Cheerleader Kendall Jones Is Big Game Hunter [PHOTOS]
m Jefferson Co. resident contracts 5th case of Chikungunya virus i
t 'Ransom Hackers' Raid: Nearly 100 Arrested
e Selena Gomez & Justin Bieber CAUGHT Together! Laughing, Partying, Sparks  ...
t Windows XP hacked post retirement
m Several Food Products Recalled This Week
t Windows Phone 8.1: 9 What's New and 5 What's Lacking Versus Old Firmware  ...
e A Kim Kardashian Game? Sneak Peak Revealed
t Bone could be from biggest dinosaur yet
b Icahn to eBay: Spin off 20 percent of PayPal
e Final take: British cinema giant passes away
t Office for iPad launched today, available in Apple's App Store
b Producer Prices Edge Lower in May, but Core Inflation Rose to 2 Percent
m Study: Diet drinks play role in successful weight loss
e Kim Kardashian Wants to Be a Singer Again
b Turkish President Gul Defies Erdogan's Move to Close Twitter
b Wal-Mart tool shows competitors prices
m Contraceptive Implant Hands Women Remote Control
b Microsoft's net income soaring under new CEO
m Marathon Running May Boost Heart Health
t Will Google's smart contact lenses kick-start a digital health revolution?
e 'American Idol' Finale: Alum Felicia Barton on Writing Jena Irene's Coronation  ...
b Digital ventures aid ailing US news media
b Samsung Electronics May Perform Far Below Expectations in Q2
e 'Winter Soldier:' The most unique of all the Avengers-related sequels
e Game of Thrones: Breaker of Chains live chat recap
b FedEx delivers earnings beat; GM CEO to testify again on Capitol Hill; Adobe  ...
e Paul Walker's Brothers Caleb & Cody Step In for Fast & Furious 7
b MasterCard says it is investigating report of breach at California DMV
e Craig Ferguson to leave CBS' 'Late Late Show' by year's end
m Indiana Hospital Taps Health IT To Contain MERS Outbreak
m Stem cell cloning could lead to cure for diabetes, say scientists
e Blue Ivy, Beyoncé steal the show at VMAs
b Dollar takes breather after rally; euro near 3-month low
m Young dads are prone to post-partum depression, too: Study
e 'Orphan Black' Spoilers: 5 Teases for 'Ipsa Scientia Potestas Est'
b Obama says 'bigger nations cannot simply bully smaller ones'. Wait... what?
t Google to Create Android Wear OS for SmartWatch
b U.K. manufacturing "hot rather than scorching"
e “Captain America: The Winter Soldier” earns its stripes as Marvel's finest flick yet
b Shire plc: the Path to US$10 Billion in Product Sales by 2020
e Joan Rivers won't apologize for her joke about the Cleveland kidnapping victims
t Microsoft Office for iOS 'ready for release'
e Family reaches settlement over Mickey Rooney's burial
b Iran slashes highly-enriched nuclear stock: UN watchdog
e Jessica Chastain Won't Star on True Detective Season 2
b Oil prices up as rebels near Iraq capital
t PS4 vs. Xbox One: Sony Winning Over Last-Gen “Dual Owners”
e New 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' trailer features a look into the past
t Samsung begins 'Try before you buy' campaign for select devices
e Are Ashton and Mila expecting a baby?
b Gold climbs toward four-month high on Ukraine crises
e J.K. Rowling's novel 'Casual Vacancy' will become a miniseries thanks to HBO  ...
t Cruze vehicles recalled, possible air bag rupture
e Films based on foods - we want your high concept pitches
m Whooping cough overwhelming the State of California
e Listen: Jack White returns with 'High Ball Stepper'
t Court opens "can of worms" with Google's right to be forgotten ruling
t Forget Google Nexus 10 2, The Nexus 9 Gets Pictured
b Ford edges Chrysler as Canada posts all-time monthly sales record
t Google Adds Songza to Its M&A Playlist
m What to do to avoid the deadly MERS virus
e Katy Perry sued over song similarities
e What People Are Saying on Twitter About NBC's 'Community'
t New Google Street View feature lets you travel back in time
m Studies Reexamine Link between Fatty Acids and Heart Health
t Facebook wants to 'listen' to your music and TV
e Home WhatsOn 'Transformers' unearths $100M debut at box office
e Review: 'The Normal Heart' is a sad reminder of days of willful ignorance
t Heartbleed fixes taking longer as websites work to plug security gaps
e NIRVANA AND KISS LEAD NEW CLASS INTO ROCK AND ROLL HALL OF FAME
b Trulia Sees Strong Trading Volume Following Analyst Upgrade (TRLA)
b I did not pee in the water
e Be the first to see Captain America with this sneaky double bill
e Beyonce Jay Z Divorce, Rihanna to Blame? Rapper 'Screwing' RiRi? [Rumors]
m CDC: Chia Powder Linked to Salmonella Illness
m Obesity epidemic strikes all groups of Americans
t NHTSA requiring rearview cameras
b Doubles delight as French Open winners join HK power women
e Beyonce breaks silence on Jay Z, Solange's fight
m NY eatery patrons possibly exposed to hepatitis
e GTA 5 for PS4, Xbox One and PC Update: Lindsay Lohan Sues Makers of Grand  ...
e 'True Blood' Tease: 'There's No One Left'
b HP to axe thousands of jobs
b Snapchat could become latest start-up to reach a $10-billion valuation
e 'Mrs. Doubtfire' star Mara Wilson slams sequel idea
t Apple unveils Metal API for iOS 8, will shave off OpenGL overhead just like  ...
t Rate of Antarctic ice loss doubled in recent years, study finds
t Facebook plans global web access
m Remote-Controlled Birth Control Chip Being Developed
t Polluted Paris forces half cars off the road
e Peaches Geldof has been found dead aged 25
b Healthcare.gov Hits Snafu on Final Day of Open Enrollment
e Matt Lauer's creepy discussion of Pippa Middleton's “flattering dress”
b Emerging stocks advance as Gazprom gains on China gas contract
b Pound Sterling to Australian Dollar (GBP/AUD) Exchange Rate Steady; Gains  ...
b US May industrial output rises 0.6 percent
t Explorer lives undersea for 31 days in groundbreaking mission
e Zach Braff Talks Killer Movie Soundtrack!
e Drew Barrymore's half-sister Jessica 'found dead' in her car
e ABC Wins Season's Final Friday, 'Barbara Walters: Her Story' is Top Show With a  ...
e The Best and Worst of the 2014 MTV Video Music Awards
b IMF Chief Says Policy Suggestions are Reserved for Every Agency, Not ECB
t The latest in the broadcast TV/copyright kerfuffle
e Why We'll Really Miss 'The Colbert Report'
e James Franco's New Kim Jong-Un Assassination Film Slammed By North Korea
t Scientists build man-made 'living-materials' inside bacterial cells
e Comedy Central Picks Stephen Colbert Replacement (Exclusive)
t Microsoft spills the beans on Xbox One sales
e Lana Del Rey releases fiery music video for 'West Coast'
e Game of Thrones: George R.R Martin defends controversial rape scene: 'It was  ...
b Deutsche Bank Says Inflation Bump Is More Than Just Market “Noise”
t OKCupid Admits to Social Experiments
e Jonah Hill apologizes on Jimmy Fallon show, then practices for NASCAR grand  ...
e Game Of Thrones Scores Biggest Finale Ratings With Season 4 Closer
e Like father, like son! Ciara shares adorable first photo of newborn baby boy and  ...
b Earnings Paper Cuts Impeding J.P. Morgan's Value
b EU Wary of Greek Hopes To Avoid Third Bailout
t TiVo targets cord cutters with new over-the-air DVR
e GALLERY: Rihanna shows nipples, boobs AND butt in sheer dress to CFDA  ...
b Iraq violence threatens OPEC's balance
e 'Detrimental to my own career.' Justin Bieber gets mixed up, snappy in taped  ...
e Gwyneth Paltrow Breaks Her Silence On Split From Chris Martin
b ECB strongly hints at rate cut next month
e Lindsay Lohan claims she had a miscarriage while filming docu-series
t Comcast answers Google's call for end-to-end email encryption
e New Jersey Boy Scouts rescue Ann Curry, broken leg
t New Galaxy Tablet may have fingerprint scanner in home button
m Pistorius not mentally ill when he shot girlfriend, experts tell court
b Upfronts 2014: NBCUniversal Entertainment and WWE Wrestle Multi-Year Deal
b Netflix, Twitter fall as Nasdaq plunges below 4000
b U.S. Pending Home Sales Index Hits Two-Year Low In February
b Twitter posts Q1 loss, higher revenue
e Flashback Friday: Rock Hall of Famers then and now
e Paul McCartney cancels entire Japan tour: 'I hope to see you all again soon'
e River Rose Blackstock: Kelly Clarkson Gives Birth To Daughter
t Google shows off Androids for wearables, cars, TVs
b Barclays fined US$43.9m over gold price failings
m Number of US Seniors Expected to Double by 2050
e Did the 'Dancing With the Stars' finale reveal Len Goodman is leaving the show?
e James Franco - James Franco's Of Mice And Men Grips Critics
e 'Game Of Thrones' Recap: 'Breaker Of Chains' (Season 4, Episode 3)
t Facebook for Windows Phone gets updated once again with custom notifications
e Zac Efron Wants To Get His Clothes Off In 'Magic Mike' Sequel With Channing  ...
e Noël Wells and John Milhiser Also Leaving 'SNL'
m Report: Not all sunscreens provide promised SPF protection
b Chinese Internet Giant Alibaba Files for Massive IPO
t NASA's Mars 'Opportunity' Rover Breaks Record For Most Miles On Mars
e Emma Stone Owns Jimmy Fallon in 'Tonight Show' Lip Sync Battle
t Comcast expected to ride Internet and sports to Q1 gains, but analysts wary of  ...
t Law enforcement raids homes of BlackShades RAT users
t Sony, Shanghai Oriental Pearl to set up PlayStation JV in China
t Nielsen and Facebook team up to track shows watched on users' mobile devices
e Screen and stage character actor Eli Wallach dies
t Scientists create detailed virtual universe video
e Show me potato salad: Kickstarter campaign passes $40000 mark
t eBay Hacked, Users Should Change Passwords
b Yellen says higher capital may be needed for big banks
t Surface Pro 3 from Microsoft is a sleek device
m Spokane Co. Sees An Increase In Tuberculosis Cases
e Review: Guardians of the Galaxy, Get On Up
e Miley Cyrus due in East Rutherford next week
e Chris Brown Reunites With Justin Bieber In The Studio
b Southwest offers new nonstop flights between Las Vegas, Dallas as federal  ...
t Dwarf planet found at edge of solar system
e 5 Things to Know This Morning
e Kate Middleton: Clashing with the Queen?!?
b Walmart will buy your used video games
e 'The Cripple of Inishmaan,' theater review
e Miley Cyrus Speaks Out About Hospitalisation: "It Was So Scary!"
t Apple, Google, HTC and Samsung embrace smartphone anti-theft initiative
b Deflation risks in euro zone low: European Commission
t Video Game Review: Watch Dogs
e Johnny Winter RIP
e #YesAllWomen: how Twitter reacted to the shootings in California
b Alibaba Earnings Triple, Revenue Pops As IPO Looms
e Selena Gomez turns to religion to avoid rehab
e Glastonbury 2014: Sunday picks
b 'Candy Crush' maker gets crushed in early trade
t High Resolution Radar at Arecibo Observatory Reveals Asteroid as a Beauty  ...
b Yen Falls On China PMI
b NZ dollar TWI surges to record, traders watch RBNZ closely
b Why Coca-Cola could fizzle
t Leaked Snowden documents detail NSA's plans for 'millions' of malware attacks
e '50 Shades of Grey' Movie Cast: Rita Ora Describes Disastrous Experience on  ...
e Go HBO! Hit shows 'Sopranos,' Boardwalk Empire,' 'True Blood' and more to  ...
m Johnson & Johnson pulls power morcellator; surgical device had sparked  ...
t Nexus 5 vs. Samsung Galaxy S4 – Specs and Features Compared
m Running Was Never As Great As Once Claimed, But Not As Bad As Now Said  ...
e Emma Stone signs up for another Woody Allen flick
b How Target's Huge Hacking Could Finally Make Credit Cards Secure
m Quitting Smoking Is More Likely With E-Cigarettes, UK Study Says
e NBC's Burke: No matter who replaces Letterman, Fallon will still be the best in  ...
e Kanye buys Kim 10 Burger King restaurants as wedding present
m Cell growth abnormal in autistic youths, study finds
e 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' releases new, action-packed trailer
e 'Man v. Food' star Adam Richman's new show delayed after angry online  ...
e Drew Barrymore Welcomes 2nd Baby Girl
e 'Friends' Is Back! Jennifer Aniston, Courtney Cox And Lisa Kudrow Reunite In  ...
b Honeywell Q2 Results Top View, Updates Full-Year Guidance
e Kim Kardashian Clears Up Bogus Wedding Rumors
t Playstation Plus vs. Xbox Live: A Personal Opinion
b Monday's midday trade: US stocks drop as cyclicals, small-cap shares weigh
b IPO Stock Watch: China's JD.com Prices High At 19
t FCC report shows ISP's are faster than ever, but congestion is a problem
b US STOCKS-Wall St dips; S&P holds above 1900 after hitting new peak
t Google reverses decision to delete British newspaper links
e Channing Tatum: I was so wild, my mum nicknamed me Chanimal!
e Downey Jr., wife expecting second child together
b Southwest opens new chapter with international flights today
t Hackers hit eBay database containing personal info
e Shia LaBeouf receiving treatment for alcoholism but is not in rehab
t Destiny Xbox One beta release date and trailer revealed
b Philip Morris Lights Up E-Cig Buy But Cuts Outlook
e Rush Limbaugh's manufactured outrage over Colbert's new Late Night gig
e Horrible Bosses 2 Features Ford Ranchero GT Runaway Car [Video]
b Futuristic Electromagnetic Railgun Tested By US
t New Planet-Like Body Found Sneaking Through the Inner Oort Cloud
t Why World Wrestling Entertainment Got Beat Down Today: StockTwits.com
e George Clooney's parents respond to engagement news
b Opposition chorus calls VP to setp down
b WATCH: Mother 'sees God' while buying diapers at Wal-Mart
t Ancient hedgehog and tapir once inhabited British Columbia
m UK scientists slam flu drug, Tamiflu, in ongoing debate
t Ubisoft Aware Of Watch Dogs Login Delays
e KimK goes house hunting in NYC
b Activist Peltz Takes $1 Billion Stake In BNY Mellon
e Keith Urban Boston Concert: Rape Charge Laid Against Sean Murphy, 18
m Harsh Vardhan launches Blood Donation Drive
e Chelsea Handler Plans to Leave E! and 'Chelsea Lately'
b Stock Market News for April 21, 2014
t Even Google thinks the health industry is over-regulated
b Oil rises again, nears $107 on Iraq fighting
e Royal look-alike stars in 'I Wanna Marry Harry'
e Strait wins entertainer of the year at ACM
e The 'This Is Where I Leave You' Trailer Makes All These Funny Actors Look Boring
b General Motors to recall 2.4M vehicles
b WG Trading's Chief Fesses Up To $554M Investor Fraud
b Siemens 'readies' Tuesday Alstom bid
b UPDATE: EU and Russia trade barbs over sanctions
t Google Paying for Business Apps Referrals
b Treasury Prices Pull Back As Services Gauge Climbs
e German museum displays 'van Gogh's ear'
t Anti-theft property eyed for smartphones
e Keira Knightley sings on the streets of New York in 'Begin Again'
e Whoopi Goldberg pens pot column for Denver Post's Cannabist website
e PHOTO: Ariana Grande Covers 'Seventeen' Magazine, 'Problem' Singer Opens  ...
b FOREX-Yen slides as modest Russia sanctions soothe worries
e BAFTA TV Awards 2014: The Stars Of The Small Screen Wow On The Red  ...
m Smallpox Virus Found In Unsecured NIH Freezer
m Ebola fears change the menu in Ghana
m Sapien XT Valve Cleared by FDA
e Paul Walker Will Be Honored at the MTV Movie Awards
e Lindsay Lohan`s mom loses license for a year after drunken driving
b China widens yuan daily trading band to 2%: central bank
m India and 10 other Asian countries declared polio free
b Objects spotted in new Flight 370 search area
b European stocks end up on ECB rate-cut hint
e Justin Bieber - Justin Bieber sings at manager's wedding
e Performers for 2014 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Ceremony Announced
e Garth Brooks court application to stop all concerts to be heard on Thursday
e Zac Efron Punched While Hanging Out In Rough Area Of Downton Los Angeles
e Who are the final four on 'The Bachelorette'?
t Failing gear shifters: GM recalls 56214 Saturns
e For Love Or Money? Paul Walker's Mom Seeks Guardianship Of His Daughter  ...
b Loopholes undermine tax system
e Watch Batman's Batmobile turn into a fortress on wheels in new Batman: Arkham  ...
b Barclays accused of misleading investors in 'dark pools'
b Caterpillar Avoided $2.4 Billion Tax With Swiss Subsidiary, Senate Probe Finds
b The Clean Cut: Are you unintentionally holding your daughter back?
b Consumers don't shop till they drop in May
e Imperial War Museum's £40 mil transformation
e Pop Charts: Aussie Boy Band 5 Seconds of Summer Has Huge Debut at Number 1
e Miley Cyrus faces long recovery from illness
t Tim Cook slams new anti-Apple book as 'nonsense' [update: author responds]
b VIDEO: US Declines To Name China A Currency Manipulator
b UK employment rises to new record
m Maine Legislature to Consider Medicaid Expansion Again
b Trade-Ideas: GameStop (GME) Is Today's Post-Market Leader Stock
t How international espionage tweaked our notions of Rubik's Cube and a Jell-O  ...
m Ebola outbreak in W Africa to last for months - WHO
e 'How I Met Your Mother': How did the long-running sitcom end? (+video)
m Should You Be Worried About Your E-Cigarette Exploding?
e Bradley Cooper is rumored to take over Indiana Jones
t Apple And Google Enter Into New Era Of Cooperation
m Study Reveals Fungus in Yogurt Poses a Threat to Consumers
e Tori Spelling's Husband Says Sex Life 'Wasn't Fantastic' in Preview for New Show
m Researchers discover new marker derived from human umbilical cord blood
b Yahoo's China Syndrome Now Morphs Into WWMD? (What Will Marissa Do?)
e Allison Williams to be NBC's Peter Pan
e National Record Day celebrated at Culture Shock
e Of Course AMC Is Moving Forward With 'The Walking Dead' Spin-Off
t Daimler, Renault-Nissan to Detail Latest JV
b Italian Banks Up With Rest of Europe Stocks
e Jennifer Lawrence talks GIFs, gossip with her friend Kristen Stewart and being  ...
e The Many Faces Of Russell Crowe
t Google Glass For Sale in Special One-Day Event; Where to Buy & Other Details  ...
e Willow Smith, 13, criticised after she is pictured lying in bed with 20-year-old  ...
t Mac Getting Ready New 12.9-Inch Ipad for Early 2015
t Android Wear to be Newest Smartwatch
m Michigan meat packer recalls ground beef for possible E.coli
m O-Negative Blood Donors Needed
b EUR/USD points to consolidation – Danske Bank
t Microsoft to release Office for Android tablets this year
e ABC Boss on Canceling Trophy Wife, Diversity, and the End of Grey's Anatomy
b Regulators Trying to Place Blame for the Financial Crisis Should Look Within
t 900 SIN numbers stolen from during Heartbleed breach: CRA
t Standby for Titanfall: PC players can now pre-load via Origin
e Paul Walker fatal car accident caused by speed, about 90 MPH: AP source
b Qualcomm 2Q net tops Street; faces bribery probe
e Stacey Kiebler Weds Tech Entrepreneur
b Americans ready to travel after winter
e 'Game of Thrones' discussion of 'The Lion and the Rose' and who is the killer
b Regulators: SunTrust Mortgage Must Provide $540M In Relief To Consumers  ...
e 'American Idol' Season 13 recap: Top 9 show growth during rock-themed week  ...
e True Blood's Final Season Trailer: "There's No One Left"
e Video: Man's Privates Gets Exposed For the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge
e Jupiter Ascending Bumped From July 2014 to February 2015
e Join us for live chat on "The Fault in Our Stars," and teen summer reading picks
t General Motors Recall Blitz Could Last Into Mid-Summer, Analysts Say
b AT&T spearheads a $500 million venture to kill cable and take on Netflix
b French and Benelux stocks-Factors to watch on June 23
t Facelift: Twitter unveils new design
t Amazon Vows to Fight FTC Over Accusation
e See How 'Dawn Of The Planet Of The Apes' Evolved With This Exclusive  ...
t Facebook adds a button that lets you ask your friends why their last relationship  ...
e Mayor drops F-bomb in declaring big day for LA - WSVN-TV - 7NEWS Miami Ft  ...
b Tech Five: Google acquires drone maker, Yahoo earnings
e Glitches Spoil "True Detective" Finale Online
b Tesco's price message fails to resonate with shoppers
t Politician seeking re-election and convicted paedophile first to request removal  ...
b Apple's New Retail Chief Could Get Paid $68 Million
b Affordable Care Act Deadline Arrives 03/31/14
m Hepatitis A scare in Missouri
b Whole Foods' (WFM) CEO John Mackey on Q2 2014 Results - Earnings Call  ...
t Top 5 Android apps every Samsung Galaxy S5, Google Nexus 5, LG G3, Sony  ...
m Hospital safety ratings are released by Consumer Reports
b Growth signs no game changer for RBA
b Eurozone inflation below 2 percent
b TGT: Target CEO Resigns Effective Immediately
e Archie dies today, comic fans to find out who pulls trigger
t GM Recalls Half a Million Chevrolet Camaros
b Today is Tax Filing Day, But Wisconsin Taxpayers Must Wait Another Week for  ...
e Orphan Black Episode 2.1 Recap
e Yahoo to show two comedy series in video expansion
t Was Microsoft right to go through French blogger's Hotmail account?
b China satellite detects object in jet search area
t Full moon will land on Friday the 13th this month
t Google Glass customers make a run on off-white frames
b Supreme Court Limits Greenhouse Gas Regulations
m Stockpiles of flu drug a waste of money, review finds
e Fourth of July a dud for Hollywood
e HBO's 'The Normal Heart' Is a Flawed Film — But an Important One
t Microsoft to reinvent productivity: Nadella
e Peaches Geldof's funeral takes place in Kent
e The Muppets return for new escapade
t Never-before-seen meteor shower set to appear overnight Friday
e Justin Bieber allowed back into US after airport drama
m Second investigation details additional lapses at CDC lab after anthrax incident
e SXSW's hottest young apps... and Neil Young's start-up
e Frankie Knuckles' pals touched by letter from the Obamas
t You Can No Longer Sue General Mills Even If They Serve You A Big Bowl Of E  ...
m CDC Announces First MERS Case in US
m Ebola has killed 61 in Guinea since January: official
b China oil rig move makes Vietnam look vulnerable
b IATA says aviation safety remains high
e ABC Shocker: Marvel's Agents of SHIELD Accidentally Renewed, Agent Carter  ...
m 10 Ways for Men to Prevent Cancer Today
t GM adds 218000 Chevrolet Aveos to growing recall list
b American Apparel: A Company Walking On Egg Shells (APP)
t Making Espresso In Space Will Soon Be As Simple As Brewing A Cup On Earth
t Climate change is already here
b Japan sales tax hike boosts inflation
e Kanye West returns to Bonnaroo: setlist + video
t Apple Removes Music Download Apps From iTunes
t Google Glass already available through secondary, Chinese online market
b New York state plans to add $3.3 billion windfall from bank settlement into  ...
b Posted by Imaduddin
t NASA scrubs launch of rocket carrying satellite designed to track global warming
b Pfizer AstraZeneca deal would boost Treasury coffers
e WATCH: Miley Cyrus's wild private jet ride
t Gmail's Automatic Unsubscribe link
e Founding Member of KISS Insists He's Not anti-Semitic
b Backing British bosses is no good for workers
b Forex. Euro Drops 0,07% Against Dollar
t Qualcomm secures 60 GHz WiGig beachhead with Wilocity acquisition
e Pink Floyd to release 'The Endless River,' first new record in 20 years
t NSA denies exploiting 'Heartbleed' vulnerability for intel
e 'She Wants to See Big Ben': Gwyneth Paltrow to Buy $30 Million London Home?
b Europe stocks end higher on AstraZeneca merger battle
t UK probes Facebook experiment
t Emperor Penguin Population Threatened by Global Warming
t Supreme Court rules against Internet startup Aereo, likening it to cable TV
e 'The Brady Bunch:' Fans Mourn Ann B. Davis's Passing
t Good weather expected for eclipse
t VIDEO: If you missed the mesmerizing Blood Moon
e New Woody Allen film 'Magic in the Moonlight' trailer released
b Redskins to appeal trademark decision
m State issues warning on whooping cough cases
b Column: What is Target trying to tell us?
e Pregnant Hayden Panettiere Accidentally Reveals Baby's Sex On Emmys Red  ...
e 'Sell me this pen:' The real answer to The Wolf of Wall Street's challenge
b Economy looking up
m Lake Grove Water customers advised to boil water until further notice
t Google Hangouts, G-Chat and more resurrected - Why is Google crashing so  ...
m Similar genes may be the secret behind friendship
t Netflix's Hastings makes the case for Net neutrality
b Asian Equities Higher After US Growth Data
e The end comes in the July 16 issue of Life With Archie, a flash-forward series
t T-Mobile being sued by FTC for 'cramming' customer bills
b Argentine Vice President Boudou Indicted in Corruption Case
e Shia LaBeouf Arrested at Broadway 'Cabaret' Performance
t Nokia Camera gets a high-resolution boost on Lumia devices
e Will Beyonce Star Alongside Will Smith in Hancock 2 Sequel?
b Greek power workers threatened with state strikebreaking
e Iranians Arrested Over Pharrell Happy Video
e Disneyland Quietly Raises Prices; $96 for 1-day Ticket
b Two Britons held in oil theft in Nigeria
t AOL email hacked, personal info exposed
b Stock futures point to lower open after weak GDP report
e Community canceled by NBC — plus news on ABC, Fox and CW cancellations
e Fort Pierce vet using high tech CT scan for animals
m Strike back at stroke with a high protein diet
t Will Apple's acquisition of Beats help grow its digital music revenue?
b Mountain of Dirt Suspected in Del. Bridge Closure
e Community Is Cancelled. Be Happy Anyway.
b Will Hewlett-Packard (HPQ) Surprise This Earnings Season?
t Facebook to Users: 'Sorry, Something Went Wrong'
e Melissa McCarthy's 'Tammy' gets early start on July 4 holiday box office
t NASA Finally Has the Result of Their Global Selfie, and Damn If It Isn't the Only  ...
b Barclays Set To Cut 14000 Jobs
e Kate O'Mara: 'Dynasty' Actress Dead At 74
t IPCC: Humans Still Unprepared Against Impacts of Man-Made Climate Change
t Melting Ice in East Antarctica could Raise World Sea Levels, Study Finds
m Grass-Fed Rib Eye Sold Through Whole Foods Recalled Over Mad Cow Concern
b Fyffes to be Acquired by Chiquita Brands
t YouTube Is Buying Twitch for $1 Billion
b US on Sidelines in South China Sea Standoff
t Samsung Galaxy S4 To S5: Should You Upgrade?
e Robert Downey Jr.'s Son Arrested for Drugs
e Reasons To Love The Kim Kardashian Kanye West Vogue Cover
b IRS Says Bitcoin is Not a Currency for Tax Purposes
b Penney's Sales Top Views; Gets New Credit Pact -- 2nd Update
e The Last of Us, Halo and Firefly Online: all the news from San Diego Comic-Con
t Smoke Aboard Space Station Traced To Water Heater
e First 'The Hunger Games: Mockingjay — Part 1' Teaser Warns Against Panem  ...
m Drastic action needed to halt world's worst Ebola outbreak - WHO
e Oscar-nominee Melissa McCarthy goes sans make-up and with her sleek new  ...
e Our 10 Favorite Conan O'Brien 'Remote' Clips
t Tesla Motors CEO Elon Musk Flirts With California
b Gold prices reach 2-month high Brent crude hits 9-month peaks amid Iraq violence
t Samsung hopes wearable devices and World Cup boosts sales of TV and  ...
e John Green on whispering teens, 'The Fault in Our Stars' and his Hollywood brain
t AT&T hates plan to help small carriers, threatens boycott of FCC auction
b Burned To A Crisp: Sbarro Files For Bankruptcy (Again)
m Star Wars-style robotic arm approved for mass production
e Silence Of The Siblings: Rob Kardashian Hasn't Spoken To Sisters Kim & Khloé  ...
b Applications for jobless aid edge up to 304000
t The US Government Is Loosening Its Grip on the Internet
m Low Vitamin D Levels Linked To High Blood Pressure
t Why Google, Facebook, The Internet Giants, Are Arguing For Net Neutrality
b Adobe to 'unlock creative' in Asia with enterprise strategy push
e 'Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1' gets another message from the Capitol in  ...
b A Little Wind Power Has Come a Long Way
m Reports of e-cigarette injury jump amid rising popularity, US data show
b Coldwater Creek to close down
e Jennifer Lawrence fulfills bridesmaid duties in Kentucky
b The Boeing Co. Increases 20-year Forecast
e 'Terminator 5' News: Arnold Schwarzenegger Defends "Brutal Violence" in New  ...
e Kansas Speech by Michelle Obama Draws Complaints
t Station supply ship carrying Taylor University satellite
e The Emmys: Past Winners Trump New Shows; 'Breaking Bad' Takes A Bow
b Stocks Start the Week with Caution
e Tampa doesn't make the cut for James Beard Award finalists
m Researchers launch new app for overcoming jet lag (VIDEO)
b Gold rises again, but caution still rules
b Gold trading outlook: futures remain high with support from Ukraine; US, EU data  ...
b Starbucks app adds shake-to-pay and tipping that lets you change your mind
b Obama admin proposes broader protection for wetlands, streams
e Chris Brown's assault trial delayed until late June after bodyguard found guilty of  ...
e Ciara welcomes a baby boy with fiance Future
t Google will let public purchase Glass on April 15: Will you buy?
e Justin Bieber's Miami deposition video released
b Around the world
t How Twitter's 'Magnificent 11' uses Twitter
e Coachella 2014: Justin Bieber Joins Chance the Rapper Onstage as Surprise  ...
m Sarepta rockets up after mapping a shortcut to the FDA with DMD hopeful  ...
b Ryanair Raises Outlook; Virgin America Files For IPO RYAAY
b BOJ says inflation to stay above 1 pct despite cut in GDP forecast
e In Defense of 'How I Met Your Mother's' Series Finale
t Paris bans cars, makes transit free to fight air pollution
m Menino: 'I believe in myself,' my doctors
m 12 most deadly infectious diseases of the 21st century
e Will Noah Sink or Swim? The Buoyancy of the Latest Bible Film
m Medicaid expansion, ACA repeal and replace on NGA agenda HHS announces  ...
e Prince Wows World With Announcement Of Not One, But Two New Albums
b July 2014 Car Sales: The Big Six Surge
b Oil futures settle at three-week low as Libya declares oil crisis 'over'
e Deadmau5 to Replace Avicii at Ultra Music Festival
b Barnes & Noble teams with Google for same-day delivery
b Airbus CEO says sees 'zero negative impact' from Emirates' A350 cancellation
e Movie Star Magic? Watch Drunken Charlie Sheen Meet Fans In Taco Bell Drive  ...
b Citigroup Settles Mortgage Securities Inquiry for $7 Billion
b 1000 Seattle Archdiocese Workers Hit by $1M IRS Scam
e Will & Jada Pinkett Smith are reportedly under investigation by Child Protective  ...
e 'Big Brother 16' live feed spoilers: Joey's campaign; Caleb's delusion
b Slump in Erste Bank halts European stocks rally
t Gas prices rise
e 'Shield' Actor Told 911 He Shot His Wife: Police
t TweetDeck patches XSS vulnerability after rampant pop-up spam
e George Clooney - George Clooney resigns from UN peacekeeping role
t HP commits $1bn to cloud business
t Google Steps up Moral Censorship, Hogties All Ads With Sexual Content
t Zonked out: Zebra-donkey hybrid born at Mexican zoo
e 'Divergent': Shailene Woodley's Advice From Mom
m Census director gets firsthand look at North Dakota
b HP Names CEO Whitman as Chairman Replacing Whitworth
b Amazon has gone too far
t Google updates Chrome OS
m US warns against travelling to Ebola-hit countries
b Malaysia Airlines plane crashes in Ukraine
b AUD/USD - Aussie At 5 Month Highs After Strong Data
e Watch Next Week's Game of Thrones Promo, "First of His Name"
t HTC One (2014) vs Galaxy S5 vs iPhone 5S vs Nexus 5 vs Lumia 1520  ...
t Harley—Yes, Harley—is Making an Electric Motorcycle
e Peaches Geldof: Kate Moss among celebrities at funeral, coffin features family  ...
m As African Ebola outbreak spreads, hopes for vaccine years away
t Android TV: leak reveals Google's latest TV tech
e Final Hobbit film teases war and gratuitous Orlando Bloom
m FDA relents in battle against a cruel disease
b Rana Plaza episode: let's not repeat it
e Suspect in California rampage blamed aloof women
t BMW Widens Recall to 489000 Autos on Engine-Bolt Fault
e Garth Brooks cancels all five sold-out show at Dublin's Croke Park
b Facebook CEO Reaps $3.3B gain from stock options
t Samsung presents countersuit against Apple
b BOC Aviation orders Boeing planes worth $8.8 billion
b Dollar falls against euro on monetary-policy outlook
b BNP Paribas Nears Up To $9B Settlement With US Authorities: Reuters
t Ebay Breaks Digital's First Rule - Keep The Customer Central To Everything
m Pop goes NYC's ban on giant sodas — for now, anyway
t Today is last Friday the 13th 'honey moon' until 2098
t Mars Stars in Cosmic Alignment with Earth and Sun Tuesday Night
e Lindsay Lohan Files Lawsuit Against Rockstar Games
e Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin split: Affair rumours plaguing 'conscious  ...
b Stock Futures Dip on Weak Consumer Spending Reading
e Kendall Jenner's MMVA dress: 10 reasons it was fantastic
t PM lauds Facebook as a tool for governance
e 'I'm homeless again!' Robert Pattinson reveals he has nowhere to live after  ...
b Samsung delivers much lower than anticipated Q2 guidance
e Animal rights activists protest outside Liam Neeson's New York home after actor  ...
e Kim Kardashian Swims With Dolphins During Mexico Honeymoon
t T-Mobile made millions in bogus charges, says the FTC
b Post office workers oppose mail services at Staples
m Ebola Spreads to Capital
t Nailing The Big Bang
t Amazon's handset to help Bezos make direct appeal to users
e Paddington Trailer Showcases Creepy Bear, Colin Firth Quits As Voice
t PS4 vs. Xbox One: 6 Months Later
e Is Kim Kardashian Ready for Baby No. 2?
b Carney: UK recovery picking up but BoE not growing complacent
e Newlyweds Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Are Going WHERE on Their  ...
t Tumblr Adds Two-Factor Authentication
e The Bachelorette star Andi Dorfman: Josh Murray and Nick Viall each completely  ...
b Russia cuts off natural gas supplies to Ukraine
e Beyoncé & Jay Z Officially Announce Their On The Run Tour! See All The  ...
t Today's Google Doodle Is A Virtual Rubik's Cube
b Herb Allen's Sun Valley Retreat: Well-Heeled Moguls Walk Red Carpet For  ...
e Aladdin Reviews Start To Come In
e Man accused of rape at alcohol-fueled Keith Urban concert
m Third US MERS Case Confirmed In Illinois, As Hospitals Prepare For Potential  ...
e North Korea threatens 'act of war' over new movie
e 'Draft Day' gets behind the scenes of the NFL Draft
t Global warming? There's an app for that; White House hopes more open climate  ...
m State alerts Utah horse owners about West Nile
t Microsoft CEO unveils Office for iPad in mobile-app push
m The benefits of a short run
t Greenland Ice Melt 'Accelerating,' Climate Change Awakens 'Sleeping Giant'
b GM Recalls Another 3 Million Cars
m US autism estimate increases to 1 in 68 children, a 30 per cent move in 2 years
e Mara Wilson Will Not Be A Part Of 'Mrs. Doubtfire' Sequel
e The View Dumps Everybody but Whoopi
e Hawaii lawmakers debate minimum wage hike
e Maps to the Stars Suit
t Mustang Turns 50
b RYANAIR: Introduces “business class” starting from €69.99
e Copyright row over Led Zeppelin classic Stairway to Heaven
t The One Thing Apple Needs to Do to Revolutionize TV May Be Impossible
b Social Security debts get reprieve
e Mendes pregnant with Gosling's baby
b Hewlett-Packard will cut at least 11000 more jobs in reorganization
m Hepatitis C Treatment: $1000-a-Pill Sovaldi Jolts Health Care System
b Supreme Court imposes limits on gov't EPA program in place to deal with carbon  ...
e Lana Del Rey lives up to the hype with 'Ultraviolence'
b Bitcoin taxable as property in US
m Mosquitoes carry painful Chikungunya virus to other countries
e First trailer for 'Gone Girl' hits the Web
b Officials probe incident involving 2 Houston planes
e Firefighters warn of July 4 fireworks hazards, say to leave displays to professionals
e Kourtney, Khloe Kardashian Sisters Unite to Defend Kim on Instagram, 'Love  ...
e Kim Kardashian Worries About The Potential Impact Of Racism On North West
m 3D printing leader reshapes the face of patients in Wales
t MacBook Pro With Retina Display Updated With New Specs
e Home / News / Liam Hemsworth says he and Miley Cyrus will always have 'a  ...
b Bidding war update: Pilgrim's boosts offer for Hillshire
t Pat Robertson: If Mozilla CEO Was Wrong, 'Then God Almighty is a Hater'
t Weekly Roundup: HTC One 'Mini 2' Launched; Microsoft Accidently Confirms  ...
e Ryan Gosling hated Rachel McAdams on The Notebook set
t British media organisations criticise Google for blocking sensitive articles
m White House: Florida gave up 64K jobs by rejecting Medicaid expansion
t Hands-on with the Moto 360 smartwatch (video)
e Watch Katy Perry Arm-Wrestle MTV Movie Awards Host Conan O'Brien Into  ...
b Alcoa Earnings Fails to Shake Off Wall Street Caution
t Doubling of Antarctic Ice Loss Revealed by European Satellite
e Aereo vs. broadcasters: Justices skeptical, concerned
b Is Pinterest the next Google? Investors who bet $200M on the startup think so
t Chrome Issue tracker may have tipped 'Flounder' as code-name for upcoming  ...
t Android 4.4.3 Kitkat Update For Samsung: 'Galaxy S5' Next To Get It After  ...
t Share This article
b US stocks fall as technology shares extend selloff
e Stars Pay Tribute to Ruby Dee
b Montreal's Amaya Gaming buys jackpot
e Engaged Johnny Depp shows off chick ring
t NSA exploited Heartbleed computer security flaw for years
e Ace Frehley Says He'll Take Part in All-Star Jam at Rock Hall Induction Ceremony
t 250 New Emojis Are Coming, Including 'Man In Business Suit Levitating'
e Game of Thrones season 4, episode 3 'Breaker of Chains' recap
m Survey: 4 in 10 US homes are cellphone only, skip landline
t Total Lunar Eclipse Can Be Viewed Across Canada Tuesday
m Melanoma: deadliest type of skin cancer is on the rise read, Report
t Apple Finally Acknowledges Emojis Are Racist
b While you were sleeping: Wal-Mart, Kohl's disappoint
b Mercedes-Benz to assemble S 500 locally
b Gold Ends Steady on Chart Consolidation; Major Economic News on Deck Thurs  ...
b Amazon.com to start collecting sales tax in Florida
b Alcatel-Lucent Lowers Net Loss
e Amazon Greenlights Pilot MOZART IN THE JUNGLE & More for Full Seasons
t Google to shut down Orkut, its first social network
e Scott Derrickson To Direct Marvel's 'Doctor Strange'
t E3 2014: How Microsoft Fixed the Xbox One in a Single Day
b FOCUS – Barclays fine does not damage gold fix 'integrity'
e Lynn's Central Square MBTA Station Renamed Broadway for 'Black Mass' Filming
t Comparison of Surface Pro 3 with iPad Air
e Kim Kardashian Goes See Through And Shows Off Her Bikini Body
t Red Hat (RHT) Announces Quarterly Earnings, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS
e Jimmy Fallon Sent Ryan Lewis To Find Out Just How Little Macklemore Fans  ...
e Miley Cyrus to be studied at American university
m Celebrities join call for 'dementia friends' volunteers
e Powdered alcohol cocktails to go on sale
t Free Android Apps: Amazon Makes 31 Popular Paid Apps Free For 48 Hours
m New autism study included kids in St. Louis
b Tesla's bet on winning the global lithium race
t Future Google Glass to be designed by Luxottica's Oakley & Ray-Ban
b US Consumer Prices Rise, Pointing To Firming Inflation Pressures
b AUDJPY Awaits The BoJ
b Why American Apparel fired CEO Dov Charney
e Friends and family gather for L'Wren Scott's funeral
t NASA scrubs launch of rocket carrying satellite to track global warming
t Lunar Eclipse Visible Early Tuesday A.M.
e Ad-Rock stifles smiles on the stand at opening day of Beastie Boys copyright case
b US close: Stocks end mixed despite positive developments in Ukraine
t Cousteau back after month in underwater reef lab
m Antidepressant Use in Pregnancy Tied to Autism Risk in Boys
b GlencoreXstrata selling Peruvian mine for $5.85B - WBOC-TV 16, Delmarvas  ...
t Google shows off new and improved 'self-driving' car
m Tested: best and worst sun creams
b BMW CEO Reithofer says deliveries, profits will beat last year's record levels
e The Walking Dead Season Five: Five Things We Know
b Etihad to take 49% of crippled Alitalia
t Comcast: No Competitive Threats Here, Move Along
e Poetic finale for True Detective
b Retailer hikes minimum wage
t BBCtrending: Texas teen hunter in Facebook safari showdown
m Kelly remains in NYC as he prepares to undergo treatment
t Alibaba Confirms New York Share Sale Plans
m Another Giant Step Forward For Mankind And MannKind (MNKD)
e New “Secrets” Trailer For Season 4 Of 'Game Of Thrones'
b Time Warner 1st-qtr results beat estimates
e Jennifer Lopez's Messy Waves On 'Jimmy Fallon' — Get The Look
e Justin Bieber Posts Photo Sitting in Yovanna Ventura's Lap — Are They Dating  ...
b Gas prices higher than last Memorial Day
m BioCryst Pharma's Hereditary Angioedema Disorder Drug Succeeds in Trail
e The Bachelor Finale: Chris Harrison & Juan Pablo Galavis Clash Over 'I Love You'
t Increased patrols aim to enforce seat belt laws
t Tumblr boosts security with optional two-factor authentication
m Teens: Smoking Less, Texting While Driving More
b What to Expect When Pandora Media Inc Reports Earnings
t Why Google bought Songza: It's all about the playlist
m Study: Sober Smartphone App Aids Boozers' Recovery
b Kraft recalls 96000 pounds of Oscar Mayer Classic Wieners
e Emmys smackdown: Stephen Colbert vs Jimmy Fallon
b Fed's Yellen: US economy still recovering from the financial crisis
b Yahoos Rides on Alibaba Highs
e Michael Jackson's posthumous album XSCAPE is out this May
b Tennessee Rep.: Obamacare rule change lets insurance companies keep more  ...
t Emotional Backlash Unlikely to Unsettle Facebook
b Government acusses US Judge Griesa over 'abuse of authority' and 'attempt to  ...
t Help a redditor Develop a Way to Get Proper iOS Notifications for Glass
e Veronica Mars for the Ignorant
b Mortgage Interest Rates Today: 30-Year and 20-Year Refinance Rates at PNC  ...
t Senate investigation turns to GM supplier
b From ColumbusAlive.com
e 'Sons of Guns' Canceled After Will Hayden Was Arrested for Raping Daughter
e Gripping 'Sabotage' stars Arnold and an actual plot
e Why should you watch 'Penny Dreadful'?
e FMCS Statement on the Labor Negotiations Between the New York Metropolitan  ...
t GOG.com to add Linux support
t Researchers use Facebook to test 'emotional contagion'
b S&P 500 Movers: NDAQ, ISRG
t Up in the sky! It's a bird, it's a plane, it's a Facebook drone!
e Transcendence review: It ties itself down in clichés
e Solange Knowles, Beyonce Sister, Allegedly Attacks Jay Z: Video, Photos  ...
t US set to pass phone unlocking bill
t It's a done deal! Microsoft-Nokia merger to close on Friday
t He's Here! Smithsonian's New T. Rex Arrives
t Has Microsoft finally realized PCs are different than tablets?
b US oil imports forecast to hit 45-year low next year
t Scientists create 'alien' living organism using artificial DNA
b US Stocks Lose Momentum on Valuations After S&P 500 Tops 2000
b Muslims mark sombre Eid amid MH17 crash, Gaza conflict
t Brazil's 'Internet Constitution' clears house
e Former Child Model Accuses 'X-Men' Director Of Sexual Abuse, Involvement In  ...
e President Obama Calls Ellen's Record-Stealing Oscar Selfie a 'Cheap Stunt'
e Morgan Freeman inhaling helium is today's greatest moment ever
t Florida wildlife officials approve state ban on lionfish imports
e Lindsay Lohan's mom pleads guilty to drunken driving
e A host of stars turn up in Most Wanted
e Southwest Flight Attendant's Safety Speech Has Passengers Rolling With  ...
m 'Fed Up' Movie Shows How Big Companies Target Our Nation's Children, Killing  ...
e Dancing with the Stars Holds Double Elimination- Find Out Who Went Home!
m Recalled Beef Was Sent To Whole Foods Distribution Center In Connecticut
e Review: '22 Jump Street' Funnier Than '21'
t Google buys drone maker Titan Aerospace before Facebook does
b Panera Bread Issues Comprehensive Food Policy
t Dazzling 'Blood Moon' Eclipse Across North America
t eBBM Suite: BlackBerry launches BBM Protected for secure enterprise messaging
b Current Mortgage Interest Rates at Bank of America (Friday March 21)
e 'Lost' co-creator Damon Lindelof, Tom Perrotta team up for HBO's 'The Leftovers'
b IMF Cuts Russia Growth Forecast on Geopolitical Risk
t Size doesn't matter
e George RR Martin weighs in on controversial Game of Thrones rape scene
m If your friends feel like family, there's a good reason for it
b American Apparel (APP) Co-chair: “If Someone Offered $10 p/sh, We'd Be Crazy  ...
b Euro Inflation Declined to a New Cycle Low of 0.5%
b Shares of oil refiners gain as Brent slips below $114 per barrel
b Junk Bonds Keep Cruising: Up 1% In May, 4.75% In 2014 To Date
e Dan's Review: "22 Jump Street" is comedic genius
b India Morning Call-Global Markets
e Spotted: Selena Gomez and Orlando Bloom photographed together
b Home-Sharing Giant Airbnb Takes on Venerable Lodging Names with Latest  ...
e 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' director accused of sex abuse in lawsuit
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 to be revealed on 3 September
m In US, MERS patients did not spread infection to close contacts -CDC
t FTC Cracks Down On T-Mobile For Massive Bogus Charges And Fee Scam
b GM Posts Lower Q1 Earnings On Recalls, But Core Outlook On-Track
t Habitable Earth-like Planet Discovered
t Apple reveals free product recycling initiative
e Nostromo Edition Announced for Alien: Isolation, Starring Original Alien Cast
t Microsoft scrambles to fix bug in Internet Explorer browser
m Three-parent babies possible soon with safe IVF techniques
e Justin Bieber crashes Drake Bell's album release party
t OnePlus One Smartphone Boasts Secret Android Weapon
e Admit it: most of us don't understand Shakespeare
b Report: Company ignored high level of toxic gases at devastated Turkish mine
e Dom Hemingway: Super-Filthy Swear Montage Video
b SAC record $1.8-bn insider plea caps 7-year probe
b Survey ranks top US airlines
b Capital in the Twenty-First Century by Thomas Piketty, translated by Arthur  ...
e George Clooney was close to pet pig
b IRS employees with tax and conduct issues still got awards, watchdog report finds
t Apple Assures 'Ethnically Diverse' Emojis; Did Miley Cyrus Help This Endeavor?
e Tori Spelling To Dean McDermott: 'I'll Never Trust You Again'
e Leaked Star Wars Episode VII Footage Is Fake But Incredible
b LinkedIn Passes 300 Million Members
e Kim, Kanye Wedding Pictures: Rapper Smiles at Bride in First Clear Pictures  ...
t YouTube says slow video is ISP's fault
t Mozilla employees tell Brendan Eich he needs to “step down”
t Another recall delayed
t Auxo 2 previewed – Video shows off the sequel to last year's best jailbreak tweak
b Amazon Says It's Not Burying Hachette
m 150 Americans Die Each Day Due to Workplace Injury or Disease According to  ...
b Watch out Amazon: Google partners with Barnes & Noble in same-day book  ...
t Apple and Google settle patent war on smartphone OS platforms
t CyanogenMod 11S from the OnePlus one is shown off in new screenshots
e Breaking Bad and True Detective lead TCA Awards' nominations
m Cancer-Patient Demands Rarely Lead to Unnecessary Treatments
b Target Data Breach Update: Retailer Picks Internet Security Veteran Bob  ...
e David Cronenberg's MAPS TO THE STARS Trailer With Mia Wasikowska  ...
e Sum 41's Deryck Whibley hospitalized for alcoholism: 'If I have one drink the  ...
t Civilization: Beyond Earth Announced - News
e Why Priyanka won't take up the ALS ice bucket challenge
e Central Perk, coffee shop on 'Friends,' is coming to New York
e X-Men: Days of Future Past trailer: Mutants "on the edge of extinction"
e Paul McCartney recovering after virus halts tour
b Etihad's A380 'Residence' has a lounge, double bed and an en-suite shower
m Google Seeks Human Guinea Pigs to Understand the Health of the Human Body
e Action Comics No 1 sold for $3.2 million dollars
t Twitter Dumping @'s And #'s? No, But They Suck At Communicating What They  ...
e Gwyneth Paltrow Chris Martin Split: Actress Makes Brief Comment About  ...
t Frank Frankovsky Leaves Facebook To Form Optical-Storage Startup; Will  ...
e The Bachelorette recap: French Dissing
m How To Protect Yourself From Ticks And Lyme Disease
m Daily exercise lowers breast cancer risk
e Tupac Shakur's last words contained expletive directed at cop
b Sterling hits near-6-yr high after UK factory data beats forecast
b Disney parks see uptick in 2Q revenue, but attendance figures a no-show
m What went wrong?
e ABC Orders Marvel's Agent Carter Series And Renews Agents Of SHIELD
t Was It an April Fool Joke?
b Ronald McDonald at Taco Bell?
e Where are Kim and Kanye honeymooning?
m Therapies make positive impact on Parkinson's disease
t Top 5 Android Apps To Download On Your Smartphone This July
t It's Far Too Late for MS Office on iPad
m Debbie Gibson Shares Battle With Lyme Disease, Urges Fans to "Never Judge"
b UK inflation hits new four-year low in February, house prices up sharply
t Jury leaves damages Samsung must pay Apple unchanged at $119.6 mn
m 3-D Mammogram Scans may find more Breast Cancer
b Wall St Stabilizes After 6 Days of Gains, Energy Sector Advances
e Review: "How to Train Your Dragon 2"
t Nasa creates entire world made out of selfies
b Today's Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, Nasdaq, S&P 500 stock market  ...
e 'Scandal' Season 3 Spoilers: The Twisted Ending That No One Saw Coming  ...
t Epic discovery bolsters 'Big Bang' theory
m Sports And Energy Drinks Linked To Unhealthy Teens
t Galaxy S5 Mini may launch in July
e Richard Donner Suggests Goonies 2 Is Really Happening
e Farewell, Cristina Yang! Here Are 16 Of Her Best One Liners To Help You Cope  ...
m Cancer Stem Cells That Drive Disease Tracked For The First Time
e Prinze slings height jabs at 'unprofessional' Sutherland
b PrivateBancorp Reports Upbeat Q1 Earnings
t Apple CarPlay release date, price and features. Plus: Pioneer and Alpine  ...
e Game of Thrones season 4 preview (spoiler free)
e Could Amazing Spider-Man 2 Be Hinting At Future Clone Saga
b Everyone Expects No Action From The ECB Next Week — Here's Why That Won  ...
b AbbVie hikes bid for UK drug maker Shire to $51-billion
b China and Russia seal 30-year gas deal
t HD Video Software Updates iPhone Data Recovery for Transfering Contacts  ...
e Twitter use linked to cheating, divorce: study
b Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac Will Send $10.2 Billion To Treasury In June
e WATCH: Hill's emotional apology over gay slur on 'Fallon'
t Amazon scores Samsung Galaxy K Zoom exclusive in India
t Samsung Galaxy S5 octa-core beats Snapdragon variant in AnTuTu: Report
e SiriusXM fires 'Opie & Anthony' host Anthony Cumia over 'racially charged' and  ...
b VW Says Purchases Not Planned as Fiat Denies Talks Report
t Nike may be pulling away from wearable tech. That's probably good for everybody.
e Church services, egg hunts set for Easter week
e Top bands, including One Direction, help celebrate Record Store Day in  ...
m First impressions can be formed in as little as 100 milliseconds, says study
m Health officials try to contain Ebola virus
e Sofia Coppola Is In Talks To Direct A Little Mermaid Movie
b Euro zone business activity at three-year high
m Regulating aspirin...can it/should it be done?
b The $5billion tech start up whose stock has gone up 30000 per cent in ONE  ...
e 'McHale's Navy' yes-man actor Bob Hastings dies
t FTC find Snapchat misrepresented its privacy and security
b When Good News Becomes Bad News
b European stock markets drop; aviation sector wanes
e Action star tunes comedy chops
t MT EXPERT: Heartbleed - why you only need to worry a bit
e Barbara Walters Reveals Last Day On 'The View'
t Samsung 'envisions' retina scanners on phones, will the Galaxy Note 4 be the first?
e Dutch arrest girl whose tweet threatened airline
e I Wanna Marry Harry RECAP 5/20/14: Season 1 Premiere “The Royal  ...
e DVR Rewind | Will Ferrell Chad Smith Drum Off On Fallon
e 'This Is Where I Leave You' Trailer: Tina Fey, Jason Bateman Star in Ensemble  ...
m Health ministry warns about spread of MERS-CoV infections
t Android Studio v0.8 Finally Leaves Behind Preview Title, Emerges As Beta With  ...
m Breast Lifts Increasing At Twice the Rate of Breast Implants, Statistics Reveal  ...
m Nature journal retracts game-changing stem cell study, citing 'critical errors'
b Shareholders Move To Settle HP Suit For $57M
b Loonie up, March retail sales miss expectations, traders look to inflation data
t Groundbreaking health and climate conference
b Jessica Alba's Startup Raises $70 Million At A Nearly $1 Billion Valuation
b UK factory output falls unexpectedly in May
b Fully Charged: Amazon's Fire Phone isn't wearable-friendly at launch, PS4 pre  ...
b Some Still Waiting for Reimbursement From BP
e Beyonce, Jay-Z's 'On The Run' tour dates announced
t PlayStation Network forced offline in massive DDoS attack
m Teams walk for Relay for Life
e Glamorous gowns and style stars dazzle at the Met Gala
e Top films at the North American box office
e Five things we can learn from Jill Abramson's commencement speech at Wake  ...
b Glencore Trumps Canadian Oil Co. Merger With $1.3B Offer
e Police consider new Harris claims
t Beyond Obama: A Climate Plan with Teeth
e Adele hints at new album
t Twitter (TWTR) to Acquire Gnip
e Video: Erykah Badu Interrupts Local News To Try To Kiss Reporter
t Twitter to acquire Gnip, seeking more insight into trends
t Tech Tips: Add 2nd layer of protection online
m State AGs Call On Pharmacies To Stop Selling Tobacco Products
e TRANSFORMERS: AGE OF EXTINCTION Cast & Crew Greet Fans at the Film's  ...
t How elephants react to human voices
e Series 'Breaking Bad', Actor Jim Parsons Win at Emmy Awards
e Simon Kinberg Talks About The Post-Credits Scene For X-Men: Days of Future  ...
b Bank of England sticks with low rates even as recovery builds
b BNP Paribas Regrets Misconduct; Sees Solid Results Excl. Charges; Stock Up
t 'Burger King baby' finds birth mother
e Bruce Springsteen opens Dallas US gig with Van Halen 'Jump' cover
e Selena Gomez's parents no longer her managers
e Prince Harry and Cressida Bonas fuel engagement rumours
e Demi Lovato - Demi Lovato Chastises Paparazzi For Bullying Tactics
b U.S. stocks drop; Biotech takes another plunge
m What do we know about electronic cigarettes?
t Protests over secret study involving 689000 users in which friends' postings  ...
m GSK's Experimental Ebola Vaccine Approved for Testing on Humans
e Johnny Depp's New Movie 'Transcendence' Says Technology Will Turn Us Into X  ...
e Lisa Edelstein From 'House' Is Married
b Dutch Police Arrests 30 Greenpeace Activists for Scaling Gazprom Rig
e Star Wars Episode VII cast announced after auditions held in Bristol last year
e Loved ones remember world traveler who died in paragliding accident
b Malaysia Airlines to be nationalised after MH370 and MH17 disasters
t Ebay May Face Investigation After CyberAttack
t Apple, Google call truce in patent war
b Barclays fined $44M in gold price fixing
b Germany's BMW to invest $1 billion in Mexico plant
b Disney to buy YouTube's Maker Studios for $US500m
b Iran's Rohani underscores peace, outreach at army parade
e Miley Cyrus Sings to Statue of Dead Dog Floyd, Welcomes New Puppy: Pictures
e Watch Eminem's New Spike Lee–Directed Video
e Miley Cyrus bringing her tour back to Chicago
t Hubble telescope spots bizarre 'string of pearls' formation in space
e You'll never believe who punched Zac Efron in the mouth, or where it took place
b McDonald's Corp (MCD) Offering Free Coffee To Boost Breakfast Sales
e Sen. Chuck Schumer calls for tighter trucking regulations after Tracy Morgan crash
e Jay Z in $30 million blackmail plot
t Apple, Google May Battle for Smart Home App
b Air bags prompt new GM recall
e Amy Adams gives up first-class seat on flight for a serviceman
e 'Divergent' film earns US$4.9 million, Lions Gate green lights sequel
e Shia LaBeouf arrested in New York after going berserk in theater
e Brittany Murphy's Last Film Is Finally Hitting Theaters
e Caught on tape: Blanco severe hail store
e Kim and Kanye Wedding Location Rumors; The Two Might Wed at Château de  ...
t Barclays Pingit for Windows Phone lets you send and receive money on your  ...
e 'Once Upon A Time' Stars Ginnfer Goodwin and Josh Dallas Get Married
e Lindsay Lohan's Miscarriage Shocker Revealed During Finale
t Straight-A Western University student charged with stealing 900 SIN numbers
m Doctors diagnose woman's stroke from behind-the-wheel selfie
e Sultan Of Brunei Asked To Divest Ownership In Beverly Hills Hotel Or Reject  ...
t Iranian hackers use fake news site to fool US journalists, military and lawmakers
e Sharknado 2: The Second One scores with outrageous Twitter reactions
b If AbbVie Wants Shire's Low Tax Rate, Price May Go Up
t Nest Issues Software Fix for Recalled “Smart” Smoke Alarm
m New documentary on obesity says sugar is the real enemy
e Monty Python's reunion gives you a funny feeling again? Luxury!
t 9 reasons Apple's stock will keep rising
e 'Consciously uncouple' new term for splitting up
t Oculus VR: Why did Facebook pay $2 billion for it?
b Conflict in Iraq sends oil prices skyrocketing, shale boom or not
t Apple Inc. (AAPL) iPad could Struggle to Beat High Tech Galaxy Tab S
e 'X-Men' director Bryan Singer on sex abuse claims: It's a 'sick twisted shake down'
e 'Game of Thrones' Season 4 Premiere Is HBO's Most-Watched Program Since  ...
t Geek on the Street at Macworld: Here's what Apple fans think about Office for iPad
e Jennifer Lawrence threw up at Madonna Oscar party
b GLOBAL MARKETS-US data, prospect of ECB easing feed risk appetite
b GM names veteran employee as global safety chief
t Google Glass XE16 Factory Image Available for Download
b RPT-CNPC-Gazprom Deal a Medium-Term Positive for China's Gas Sector
e Dawn is a jaw-dropping technical wonder
t US sky-watchers ready for total lunar eclipse early Tuesday morning
e Paramount Australia Apologizes For 'Ninja Turtles' 9/11 Poster Mistake
t Weaning Microsoft off Windows?
e The Evolution of Dad Dancing (w/ Jimmy Fallon & Gov. Chris Christie)
e Amazing Spider-Man 2 'Venom' And 'Sinister Six' Discussed By Producers Matt  ...
t Astronomers discover rocky 'mega earth'
m C- Section's Over-used? Study Questions High Surgical Delivery Rate
e One Direction - One Direction Stars 'Smoke Joint' In Leaked Video
b Virgin Atlantic tops airline quality rankings; American Eagle finishes at bottom
t HTC expected to launch new 8.9-inch tablet dubbed 'Volantis'
b Dollar strengthens against euro amid ECB talk of anti-deflation measures
b AAA: More than 1 million expected on roads over holiday
m FDA issues first e-cigarette standards
e Iconic 1964 World's Fair Photos Reveal How Future Of Science & Technology  ...
b Seriously underwater homes in Charlotte fall to 12%
e Cheerleader's safari hunting photos removed by...
b Job Gains Point to Strong Economic Recovery
t Pain at the Pump: A Closer Look at Gas Prices
b AP News in Brief at 5:58 p.m. EDT
m Women like a man who can dance
b China moves oil rig in SCS amid territorial spat with Vietnam
e Lena Dunham gets naked on Saturday Night Live
t International Climate Report: Cutting Meat Consumption Key to Reducing  ...
e As Kim Kardashian shows off knickers at MET Gala - here's more embarrassing  ...
b Stocks: 4 things to know before the open
b Pride burger wrapper becomes a collectible
e Stephen Colbert arrives at David Letterman's 'Late Show' for taping
b Now that BBM is on Android, Blackberry's next stop might be your desktop
e Angelina Jolie Spreads Her Wings, Flies In New Maleficent Trailer: Video
b Yen nurses losses, euro edges up as Ukraine tension ebbs
t China Probes Microsoft
t US proposes pay-for-priority Internet standards (w/video)
m Local health officials ready for MERS
t International Space Station to receive first coffee machine
b Dubai Advances World's Biggest Mall Project
e Bringing Up Old Stuff: Ray J To Give Kim And Kanye Porno Profits For Their  ...
m 11 Call For Action Investigation: Does Your Sunscreen Live Up To Its Claims
b Dow loses 70 ahead of economic data
b Biofuels from Corn Residue Show Negative Climate Impacts
e Justin Bieber Bursts Into Song At Scooter Braun's Wedding: Sends Sweet  ...
e POV: Is Robin Thicke's Paula Hysterical Ha-Ha or Hysterical :/?
e Jimmy Fallon Belts it Out With Billy Joel (Video)
e Star Trek actor fined for drink driving
m Be aware of West Nile virus
b IRS: This could be the largest phone scam ever
m Sovaldi Continues to Excel in Trials with Hep C, Advanced Liver Disease
t Montana Data Breach Exposes 1.3 Million Personal Records
b Valeant Pharmaceuticals's Earnings Take a Back Seat To Allergan News
e AC/DC's Malcolm Young confirms illness
e Watch the video for Hilary Duff's comeback single Chasing The Sun
e Spike Lee Rebooting 'She's Gotta Have It' as Series for Showtime
m Man diagnosed with first U.S. case of MERS improving
t Sketchy iPhone 6 Images Said to be Sourced from Foxconn Surface
t Apple nears Beats purchase. Will it make Dr. Dre a billionaire?
b Analysts Look For Turnaround at Urban Outfitters
t Chrysler Can Fix Recalled Jeeps Faster Than Expected
m Study: Too many kids given codeine in ER
e How I Met Your Mother, the finale
b An anonymous millionaire is hiding cash around San Francisco
e Sept. 11 museum evokes painful memories
m MSHA Final Rule Lowers Coal Dust Exposure Limits
b South China Sea oil drilling will continue despite Vietnam riots, China says
t Apple Inc. (AAPL) Updates MacBook Pro With Faster CPU, Higher RAM
t iPad luring in new users: over 2/3 of Apple's iPad buyers were new to iPad
b Conference slams racial tensions in Vietnam
m Amazing first steps for 2-year-old NJ boy
b Asiana Airlines says pilot flying too slow before crash
b Ohio finds 'probable connection' between earthquakes in Mahoning County and  ...
e Preview Trent Reznor's score and the official trailer for David Fincher's 'Gone Girl  ...
e Angelina talks Maleficent, mastectomy, kidnap victims
m Los Angeles Times: Deadly H5N1 bird flu needs just 5 mutations to spread  ...
e Has Clooney finally found Mrs. Right?
b Air search for missing Malaysia Airlines plane finds nothing; more debris reported
t Hams to show their stuff during annual Field Day in East Ladner
e Tori Spelling 'fighting for marriage'
e Chelsea Handler's Chelsea Lately Series Finale Was Star-Studded And Wild  ...
b US Jury Hits Takeda, Eli Lilly With $9 Penalty
b AAA Arizona projects Memorial Day travel to increase about 1 percent
t Zynga's FarmVille 2: Country Escape Arrives on iOS, Android
b FOREX-Dollar dips, eyes on central banks
t Southwest Airlines Updates iOS App, Enables Mobile Boarding Pass Feature at  ...
e Charlie Sheen Lays Into Rihanna In New Statement
t Facebook has scary plans for the Oculus Rift [CARTOON]
b Discussing the Ukraine and Crimea situation, cont'd
t Actually, Facebook Changed Its Terms To Cover That Experiment After It Was Over
e Batman vs Superman movie 2015 to be released as Batman vs Superman  ...
t 2015 Jeep Renegade Live Stream: Watch The Reveal From The 2014 New York  ...
e Weekend Box Office Wrap Up: March 23rd, 2014
e Shia LaBeouf caught on camera attempting to fight outside NYC strip club
b Sina Weibo sees shares jump 19 percent on first day of trading
t Yahoo Misses In Q2 With Revenue Of $1.04B, EPS Of $0.37
e How John Travolta apologized to Idina Menzel
e Picasso painting reveals a hidden portrait
t Google Maps plays April Fools' 'Pokemon Master' prank
b CORRECT: Pfizer Continues Political Campaign For AstraZeneca Takeover
m Samsung's management intact amid Lee's hospitalization: official
b Google Tells SEC It Will Use Overseas Billions For Deals, Development
e Mila Kunis asks men not to say 'we are pregnant'
e Gary Oldman, Playboy and “political correctness”: Some scattered thoughts
m Wyatt Scott, baby with rare congenital trismus, can't open his mouth
t Motorola: 'Momentum is everything in the smartphone space and we have it'
e SiriusXM fires 'Opie & Anthony host over tweets
e Christina Hendricks Wants to Be on Game of Thrones?!
b Industry will continue to reduce methane emissions without new regulations, API  ...
e Bar staff get icy soaking for ALS ice bucket challenge
t Microsoft RACES to fix Internet Explorer bug
e Pictures from Kurt Cobain's death scene have been released
e Another possible signal heard in Flight 370 search - KTVN Channel 2 - Reno  ...
b Showboat closing set for Aug. 31
e Adam Richman's new show pulled after 'Man v. Food' star's 'inexcusable remarks'
e Miley Cyrus Gets Sad Kitty Tattoo on Her Inner Lip
t Potentially explosive air bags prompt massive recall by Japanese carmakers
t 2015 Chevrolet Corvette Z06 Convertible Leaked Ahead of NYC Debut
e Woman who wrote bogus Holocaust memoir ordered to repay publisher $22  ...
b Jobless claims drop to lowest level since May 2007
e Beyonce's VMA Performance Was the Feminist Moment I've Been Waiting For
b Turkey's Most-Downloaded App Beats the Twitter Ban
t Facebook launches mobile app that does not require Facebook account 0
e New York Sports Club trolls Kim and Kanye marriage with new ad
m Bionic Artificial Pancreas Offers Hope To Diabetes Patients [Video]
b Chrysler to axe Dodge Grand Caravan, plans full-size crossover
b Burger King celebrates gay pride with a message on its 'Proud Whoppers'
t Dragonfly Hacks Western Energy Firms
m Study links pesticides to autism risk
t Google gets into the weeds of Android Work
m WHO: Polio outbreak a 'public health emergency'
t Google will be happy with media anger over 'right to be forgotten'
b Auto Manufacturer Stocks: Tesla Motors (NASDAQ:TSLA), Kandi Technologies  ...
t Are You Affected By The Nokia Lumia 2520′s Faulty Charger Issue?
e ACM Awards 2014 Red Carpet Arrivals: From Taylor Swift's Thigh High Dress to  ...
e US Supreme Court to Decide Future of Aereo Internet Service
e Led Zeppelin accused of stealing 'Stairway to Heaven' intro
t Google says could take several weeks to honour people's requests to be 'forgotten'
e Amazon Is Cracking Down on Book Publisher, Say Critics
m Maligned California glove law officially repealed
t Apple, Google officially dismiss patent lawsuits against each other
t How to sign up for the Mac OS X Yosemite beta programme for free
e Miranda Kerr strips naked for sultry shoot and talks about sex in GQ
b 2 more General Motors recalls push company's total to 4.8 million in past month
m Infertility In Men Linked To Higher Risk of Premature Death
e Kim Kardashian denies marrying Kanye West already: 'Mrs West soon!'
t Google+ for Android revamped with new Auto Awesome features, photo tweaks  ...
b Puzzle over missing MH370 could lead to out-of-court settlements
b Greenpeace employee fired after losing €3.8 in currency bet
b Yuan enters new era with freer float
e Nick Cannon Wears Whiteface To Promote New Album, Debates Erupt
t Intel Announces 3D-Printed Programmable Robot Kit for Consumers
b HTC Profit Beats Estimates on Demand for New One M8 Smartphone
m Rekha Basu: ALS challenge trendy but a triumph
e Hear J.Lo and Pitbull's World Cup 2014 Song
t Photo gallery: Tulsa gas prices since 1998
b Backlog of Medicaid applications muddies debate
b EUR/USD Slips Below 1.38
b Uncertainty grips Argentina as country enters default in dispute with US investors
b Oracle Price Target Increased to $40.00 by Analysts at Evercore Partners (ORCL)
t Mozilla's Metro move shows that modern apps belong in the mortuary
e 'Noah' Opened To Solid Numbers in Mexico and South Korea; How Will It Do in  ...
e MOVIE REVIEW: 'Tammy'
m Humans Choose Electric Shock Over Time With Their Own Thoughts
t Flickr for Android updated with revamped interface and auto-sync
e Transformers: Age of Extinction is a terrible film, but hilarious to watch as a  ...
e New Harry Potter-themed area to open July 8 at Universal Orlando Resort
e 'Noah' opens Spectacularly at the worldwide box-office
e Dave Brockie, frontman 'Oderus Urungus' for heavy metal band GWAR, found  ...
e The 5 Most Ridiculous Moments from "Sharknado 2: The Second One"
m CNN's Gupta to drop another medical-marijuana bombshell tonight? Watch at 10  ...
b United States Lawmakers Slam China Over Standoff with Vietnam
b Microsoft Beats Estimates but Reports Lower Profits
t Nest thermostat to work with wearables, appliances, and even your car
e An Amazingly Naked Spider-Man #1 (SPOILERS)
t Weekend forecast: Chance of late-night meteor shower
m Saudi reports surge in Mers infection cases
m Mumps Outbreak Reported at Hoboken College Campus
t Toyota's frumpy Camry gets a New York make-over
t Apple slashes price of updated MacBook Air to $899
e WATCH: 'The Killing' Season 4 Trailer [VIDEO] Premiering August 1, 2014  ...
b Bank of America loss isn't just a mortgage story
e BET suspends producer after Blue Ivy joke on '106 & Park,' source says
b Chrysler Shows 13 Percent Increase In March US Auto Sales
e Pretty Little Liars Recap: Ali Attacked!
t NASA Takes a Global Selfie Starring 36000 People
b Twitter CEO guts executive suite with hire of Noto
b Argentine economy minister Kicillof says country not in default
e Zendaya Stuns At BET Awards, Drops Out of Aaliyah Biopic
e North Korea blasts Seth Rogen and James Franco's "The Interview"
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S, Galaxy Note, Galaxy Pro, Which one to choose?
e Freida Pinto goes nude in Cannes for 'Saint Laurent' premiere
e Watch the 'DuckTales' theme song get a soulful slow jam: video
t Samsung looking to ship 35 million Galaxy S5s this quarter
e Taylor Swift and Shakira look stunning at the Academy Of Country Music Awards
m Smart Shirt: The New Wearable Technology For 2014 Now Available On Sale At  ...
e Danica McKellar Is Engaged! See Her Ring (PHOTO)
m Young Fathers at Risk for Postpartum Depression
m Doctor: Texas quintuplets doing 'remarkably well,' should be in hospital at least 6  ...
e Ming dynasty 'chicken cup' smashes record in sale
m New York Attorney General Declares War on Heroin-Overdose 'Epidemic'
m Australia men have third best life expectancy in the world whereas its women  ...
b China manufacturing up slightly in March
t Nintendo bets on Mario after third straight year in the red
t Instagram Reports 200 Million Active Monthly Users
t NASA to examine commercial role in asteroid mission
e Zara drops children's shirt after comparisons to Nazi concentration camp uniforms
t Facebook's Mood Manipulation Study Wasn't Approved… By Anyone
t Google Maps for Mobile Now Lets Cyclists Avoid the HIls
e 'Jupiter Ascending' trailer: Eddie Redmayne wants Mila Kunis dead -- VIDEO
b Vince McMahon's net worth, WWE stock plummet after new TV deal is announced
t Tesla's Fire Fix: Model S To Get Titanium Battery Shield
m CDC: Autism Numbers Increasing, Highest Among Boys
b Alibaba 2
b Futures slide after Dow, S&P 500 hit record highs
b Planes search waters southwest of Australia for missing jet
b GE agrees on tentative value for train signal unit with Alstom - WSJ
m Doctors Could Be The Biggest Reason MERS Is Spreading Around The World
b European May car sales up 4.3 per cent as volume brands beat premiums
t Mazda Recalling Cars Due to Danger From Spider
m Promising Results Pertaining To Pfizers' Cancer Drug
b Cramer: Why Apple broke $600 a share
e AC/DC To Retire Due To Malcolm Young Suffering From A Stroke
e 'Sharknado 2' plans to please fans by sticking to the formula, says Ian Ziering
e New Michael Jackson Album “XSCAPE” Dropping May 13th – Pre-order April 1st
b Mt. Gox Found Over $100 Million In Bitcoin In a Random Wallet
b WH: 6 million people signed up for Obamacare
b HTC turns tables on Samsung in Q2
t Beats Co-Founders Dr. Dre and Jimmy Iovine Expected to Take on Senior Roles  ...
e Paul McCartney returns to the stage, helps couple get engaged
e Jason Segel And Cameron Diaz Reveal Their 'Sex Tape' In Film's First Red  ...
t Hubble captures image of 10000 galaxies in unprecedented colour
b HP CEO Whitman Takes Chairman Post
m Sugar is the real enemy, not fat itself, says film targeting obesity
b China manufacturing grows for 1st time in 6 months
e CANNES, France (AP) — Ken Loach isn't done yet.
b Petco Won't Carry China-Made Pet Treats
b Loonie flat as conflict in Iraq intensifies
e Michael Jackson Will Release a New Album from Beyond the Grave
m ﻿Deadly anthrax disease 'discovered in Hungarian beef'
e Publicist: Shia LaBeouf treated for alcoholism
e Juan Pablo Galavis releases video montage of Nikki Ferrell
m Endocyte's Vynfinit Drug Successful in Treating Ovarian and Lung Cancer
t The right music at the right time, Google buys Songza
t VIDEO: Mercedes Teams With Infiniti on $1.4B Mexico Plant
m Cyclist tested for Ebola at CGames
t Instagram reaches 200 million users as Facebook crosses a billion on mobile
m CEO Of State Health Exchange Leaving For Federal Post
e You Get a Chai! Oprah Chai is Coming to Starbucks
t Cheaper new 8GB iPhone 5C goes on sale
e Solange Looks Pissed After Her Met Gala Elevator Brawl With Jay Z! See Pics  ...
e FREE health services, dog wash, music festival
e Usher debuts new single 'Good Kisser' music video - watch
b Elizabeth Arden, Inc. (RDEN) Posts Q3 Loss of 84c/Share; Will Explore Strategic  ...
m Research: E-Cigs Affect Bronchial Cells Similar to Cigarette Smoke
e Christians in Holy Land re-enact crucifixion of Christ
t Heartbleed security flaw may not be as dangerous as thought
e TV Game Show Host Thinks Climate Activists Are 'Unpatriotic Racists'
e Contract Negotiations Postpone Big Bang Theory Season 8 Production
b European shares inch up; Barclays slides on lawsuit
e Paramore Perform "Ain't It Fun" on Late Night with Seth Meyers
e Ashton Kutcher, Ryan Phillipe and Orlando Bloom join Lindsay Lohan's lovers list
t Samsung wants to acquire Nuance, the company behind Siri
e Yahoo Reportedly Planning its Own Original Web TV Shows
e China Exclusive: Record-breaking Transformers stun China
m Women Are Less Stressed At Work Than At Home, Study
e Lindsay Lohan reveals miscarriage
e Newly developed Kurt Cobain photos show suicide scene
t Xperia M2 vs Moto X vs Galaxy Grand 2: Who has the bragging rights?
t The Telecom Mighty To Face Merger Soon!
e Kim Kardashian to fall pregnant 'really soon'?
e Stevie Nicks Joining `The Voice' As Adviser
b Insider trading charges over Aussie data
b US economy: Could take 5-8 years to shrink Fed portfolio, Yellen says
t Apple's CarPlay reportedly coming to aftermarket Alpine stereo systems
b Appeals Court Upholds EPA Rules on Power Plants
e Lengthy Mass serves as pinnacle for Easter celebration
e 2014 Billboard Music Awards recap: Creepy holograms, lackluster performances  ...
b US Congress backs bills to aid Ukraine
e Amazing Spider-Man topples Titanfall in UK games chart
e Miley Cyrus Confesses She Made 'Questionable' Decisions in Hospital
t Still using Windows XP? Here's how to bunker down and survive the end of  ...
b CPI surged last month: DGBAS report
b Is Candy Crush Saga replacing real life?
b How Will JPMorgan Chase (JPM) Stock Be Affected By CEO Dimon's Throat  ...
t Samsung Electronics tips pickup as first quarter profit matches guidance
t Google exec & social networking chief Vic Gundotra leaves company
b Pfizer quizzed by UK MPs on takeover plan
t GM recalls challenge company, irk customers
e Michael Jace: 5 Things to Know about Actor Accused of Fatally Shooting Wife in  ...
e The 2014 Primetime Emmy Award Highlights
b LEAD: IMF: Global recovery strengthening but EU far from fixed By Frank Fuhrig  ...
t Phones 4u offering customers demos of the Galaxy S5 today
m Newly Found Protein Linked to Alzheimer's disease
t LG Optimus G will get Android KitKat in Summer
m Men with eating disorders often ignore symptoms
e Jay Z Target of Alleged Extortion Plot Over Master Recordings
t 2015 Chevrolet Trax small-SUV arrives with small-car agility
e Selena Gomez Dating Niall Horan Or Justin Bieber? Rumored Dinner Date, Car  ...
t What is Google buying in Titan? CEO Vern Raburn Raburn's plan
e 'American Idol' Scott McCreery victim of home invasion
t Driverless cars are coming to the UK as government confirms laws
t 'World's biggest dinosaur' unearthed in Argentina desert
t Photos: Rare Friday the 13th 'honey moon'
t NH, Maine gas prices drop
t Apple Requests Complete Damages Retrial of Samsung Patent Case and a  ...
e Clooney engaged, law firm reports
b US Economy to See 'Solid Growth' in Current Quarter, Yellen Says
t Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Coming In 2 More Colors
b Charlotte-based Chiquita to merge with Irish fruit company
e Sherri Shepherd, Jenny McCarthy exit 'The View' in major upheaval
e LiLo "beds 36 men" including Justin Timberlake
b Sector movers: Barclays lawsuit and StanChart update sink banking stocks
e Hoosier Josh Kaufman wins 'The Voice'
t Forget Windows! Mac OS X Yosemite is the update desktop users deserve
b A Bustling BEA 2014
m Olympic champ Van Dyken to rehab after severed spine: Report 0
b US new home sales rebound
t Verizon Wants Month-to-Month Customers to Move to MORE Everything Starting  ...
m Putnam County ranked number 2 in state health outcome
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Preorders Start at AT&T on March 21 for $199
b PRC says no to permit for ride sharing service Uber
e Ming Dynasty 'chicken cup' sold for record $36M
m Saudi review finds over 100 more MERS infections
b Lake Michigan Spill: BP Responsible For Another Oil Catastrophe
e Is Lindsay Lohan in love again?
t New GM recall
e 5 Directors Who Could Replace Ivan Reitman on 'Ghostbusters 3'
e Jack White Breaks World Record With "Lazaretto" Single
b Jessica Alba's baby products startup Honest Co. raises US$70-million
b Navy SEALs board mystery tanker Morning Glory near Cyprus. No one hurt  ...
e Shia Labeouf arrested, escorted out of 'cabaret' in handcuffs
b MH370: Bad weather hinders search for missing plane after new satellite images
b Royal Caribbean sets up staff development centre in N China city
b Intel talks up tablets as PC profit slides
t Nissan and BMW ready to work with Tesla
b Euro Takes Center Stage for ECB Policy
t Android Auto Debuts; Brings Google-Apple Battle into Your Car [w/Video]
m Cancer survivor grateful for community support
b PRECIOUS-Gold rallies on safe-haven bids after Malaysian plane downed
e Juan Pablo and winner Nikki Ferrell Not In Good Terms
e 'Game of Thrones' author gives lucky fan full-size replica of Iron Throne
e Los Angeles mayor's F-bomb is another sign that public isn't so vexed by  ...
e Stephen Colbert Responds To The Unnecessary #CancelColbert Movement
t How to Stop Facebook From Using Your Browsing History
b FTC: Data Brokers Lack Transparency
b Israel's Mobileye Looks to Driverless Car after Record IPO
e Peeps for breakfast and no jelly beans during Mass
e Author Gabriel Garcia Marquez dies
e Nobel laureate, activist Nadine Gordimer dies
m 1000 dogs dead, 3 humans sick after eating pet treats: Report
e Steve Wynn: The Uncrowned King of Las Vegas
m Ancient skeleton is the earliest case of cancer yet detected
e Rolf Harris and Jimmy Savile joke about their friendship in archive footage
m Chia Powder Recalls for Salmonella in US and Canada
t Samsung Gear Live smartwatch unveiled
t Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella Says Company Has No Intention Of Selling Off  ...
b Bankruptcy Lenders Have Tight Leash on Coldwater Creek
e 'The Walking Dead' Season Finale Recap: Ep. 16 -- 'A'
b Australia strikes free trade deal with Japan
t No reason to doubt credibility of IPCC report, MPs say
b Firefighters argue Detroit's debt-cutting plan violates bargaining rights
e Arraignment delayed for 'Shield' actor Jace charged with murder in wife's  ...
e Abortion Video: Emily Letts Posts Her Termination Procedure on YouTube
t Scientists Have Finally Figured Out The Moon's Birthday
b Yen rallies after Bank of Japan refrains from stimulus
t Rogers Lists KitKat Updates For: Galaxy S3, S4 Mini, S3 Mini, Mega, Note II  ...
e Nicki Minaj Thankful Her "Nipple Didn't Come Out To Play" During VMAs!
e Hollywood eyes Bowe Bergdahls story - CBS 3 Springfield - WSHM
b US firm readies for lawsuit after flight tragedy
e Here's the first trailer for David Fincher's 'Gone Girl'
b Currencies mostly range-bound as markets await Yellen's testimony
t Healthcare Could Catch Heartbleed Bug
t Twitter Acquires Data Analyzing Partner Gnip
b Egypt drastically raises fuel prices
b Sally Beauty Releases Details on Data Breach 3/17/14
t 'Operation Dry Water' will crack down on boating and drinking
b Criminal probe into NYC heiress' life is over
t Hands on: Samsung Galaxy Tab S
m Avoid camels to escape MERS, warns Saudi minister
t Apple scolded by Europe over in-app purchase protections
m Stop, Intervene and Help the Victim of Bullying for Better Life
b China export growth edges higher in June, imports rebound but still short of  ...
e Kim Kardashian to attend 2014 Met Gala... one year after being mocked for  ...
b When Will EUR/USD Start To Move Meaningfully Lower? - SocGen
m Accra Hosts Emergency Ministerial Meeting On West African Ebola Outbreak
b Asia stocks: Markets close higher
e Zac Efron strips off at MTV Movie Awards ceremony
t Real-time language translations coming from Skype
e Disaster Response Architect Wins 2014 Pritzker Prize
b BlackBerry CEO positive about turnaround strategy
t Samsung may be announcing a round smart watch at IFA
m Lake Ranks Among the Healthier Counties in Illinois According to "County  ...
t Game Over for GameOver Zeus: Administrator charged in worldwide  ...
b GoPro Files for $100 Million IPO
b Chinese naval flotilla reaches target area for MH370 search
e Top 40 Countdown Host Casey Kasem, Former SF 'Screaming' Deejay, Dead At 82
e 'Tis the season
e Kanye West Goes on Crazy Rant at Bonnaroo
t Sony Signs Video Game Deal with Shanghai Oriental Pearl
b AOL.com Article - Coke, Pepsi dropping 'BVO' from all drinks
b Appointments, Awards, Annual Meeting Results, and Products - Analyst Notes  ...
t How to Root Galaxy S5 (All Models) on Android 4.4.2 KitKat Stock Firmware
b Equal Pay Awareness Week brings attention to gender wage gap
t Xbox One Launching in China Sept. 23
t Huawei Ascend P7 Redefines Excellence to Give People an Edge
e Theo James Keeps It Real with His 'Big Greek Family'
e Jimmy Fallon and Chris Christie Groove in "Evolution of Dad Dancing" Video!
b HK Shares End Lower; Mainland Companies Fall Into Bear Market
t Microsoft makes Office Mobile for Android phones completely free
e ABC's 'The Bachelor' Juan Pablo Galavis caught in another controversy, this time  ...
e 'American Idol' XIII Top 2: Caleb Johnson should win, but Jena Irene gives it her all
e Transformers: Age of Extinction
t At long last, Microsoft brings Office to the iPad
e Amazon unveils Prime Music, removes the 'barrier' of choice
b IBM 2Q profit rises 28 percent, tops forecast
e Contemplations for Mother's Day
b China blocks global shipping alliance
b Activists rally against GMOs at annual March Against Monsanto
t LG's G3 smartphone overpowers competitors
e Shakespeare named the UK's greatest cultural icon - but who else has made the  ...
t Analysts predict lower summer gas prices
e Kim Kardashian Rocks Trouser Suit As She Steps Out With Fiancé Kanye West  ...
e Kristen Bell Pregnant with Second Child, 'The Family Is Beyond Excited': Source
e Paul Simon Arrested After Domestic Dispute (REPORT)
e Tila Tequila Announces Pregnancy on Facebook
e Watch The New Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Trailer & Prepare To Be Shell  ...
e We are OVER IT!
e Mr. Peabody and Sherman tops at weekend box office
e Dancing With the Stars 2014: Amy Purdy and Derek Hough's Week 3  ...
b HTC One (M8) Dual SIM official, goes on sale next week
e Deliver Us From Evil: Interviews with the Cast of the Supernatural Thriller
e Judge Dismisses Quentin Tarantino's Suit Against Gawker
e Spotify nets 10 million paying subscribers
m Babylon Village, West Babylon, North Babylon, Deer Park, Lindenhurst, West  ...
t Apple sued over iMessage bug
e Karrueche Tran: Chris Brown Got Dumped For Hollering at Random HOES!
m Paying tribute to Mr. Awesome: Celebrities pose with self-portrait of boy, 7, who  ...
m WHO moves to control Ebola virus
e Watch: Jimmy Fallon, Chris Christie celebrate Father's Day in hilarious way
e Nonchalant Rolf Harris and a bizarre river trip to court: Shamed paedophile  ...
e Unfortunately, Paul Walker's 'Brick Mansions' Just Isn't Very Good
b Samsung's Profits Decline
t Toyota agrees to $1.2B penalty
e Selena Gomez cut off Kendall and Kylie Jenner after they confronted her about  ...
b LATAM Airlines Group pax down 3% with 82% load factor in Jun-2014, cargo  ...
e Beyond 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier": Other comic-book movies  ...
b Janet Yellen preps Wall Street for more wholesale funding rules from Federal  ...
b Allergan Can Buy Perrigo To Avoid Valeant
m Cancer survivors, supporters walk ORR track for Relay for Life of Tri-Town
e Final 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' Trailer Sticks Mostly to the Past
t Genghis Khan rose to power in Asia...with a little help from the weather gods
t Austin MotoGP: 'I wasn't thinking' says 'distracted' Lorenzo
b Washington Redskins trademark canceled by US Patent Office
t Sneak peek at Google's new army of drones
m McCain wants answers from VA brass on delayed care flap
m Halting the spread of Ebola: Stop handshake -WHO recommends
m Contact Lenses Are A Breeding Ground For Parasites; One Student Went Blind  ...
e Conchita Wurst, Eurovision's Bearded Drag Queen, Sparks Controversy As  ...
b Allergan Is Deal Hungry Valeant's Biggest Target So Far
e '30 Rock' alum Tracy Morgan's condition upgraded, 'personality starting to come  ...
m Health risks of e-cigarettes emerge
e HBO Officially Announces GAME OF THRONES Season 5 and 6
b Laurier grad's life changes in flash after his book on super-fast stock trading  ...
b Why are Gold and Silver Prices Sliding Today?
e John Wayne Heirs, University Continue to Duke it Out in Court
b Facebook's targeted ads to mobile users: Cash cow for world's largest social  ...
b Declining Health Care Costs Will Lower US Budget Deficit
e Alibaba now wants to be the Netflix of China
e Manresa scores big with three 2014 James Beard finalist nods
e 'AC/DC To Retire' Rumours As Guitarist Falls Ill
b Nash sees young people as saviors of the future
e NBC's 'The Voice' names Chris Martin as key advisor for current season's battles  ...
e 'Transformers' crushes competition to lead weekend box office collection yet again
b US completes first flight test with Aegis Ashore system
e Scholastic teams up with Netflix on new kids show
b Tyson Profit Surges, But Hog Virus Mutes Guidance -- 2nd Update
t New rules approved to stop breading of Lionfish in the Gulf
e Archie will die in upcoming issue, in demise that creators call 'very heroic'
e Marvel To Introduce SILK - the 2nd Victim of Bite that Gave SPIDER-MAN His  ...
e Game of Thrones exec: Illegal downloading a compliment
e 'American Idol' Results: Jessica Meuse Doesn't Make It to Top 3
e Nate Berkus Married Jeremiah Brent Saturday
e Nominating Charlie Sheen For King Of The Drunk People At Taco Bell
e Gwyneth Paltrow's 'conscious uncoupling' confounds many
b Legal costs pull down Bank of America's quarterly earnings
t Planned crash by NASA robot
e Man Shoots Epic 'All By Myself' Video to Kill Time at Vegas Airport
b Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370: Raw Inmarsat Satellite Data From Missing  ...
e PLAGIARIZED? - Led Zeppelin's 'Stairway to Heaven' Targeted for  ...
m High Dose of Antidepressants Increases Suicidal Behavior among Youth
e Seth MacFarlane Vows To Match Donations Made In 'Reading Rainbow  ...
b IMF Chief Economist Blanchard: Global Recovery Strengthening Despite Risks  ...
e The Most Awesome Celebrity Tweets About “Sharknado 2: The Second One”
e Jimmy Fallon mashes again with Brian Williams; this time with 'Gin and Juice' rap
e 'The Bachelorette' Spoilers: Wedding May Already Be Called Off As Andi  ...
b Malaysia missing plane: Relatives threaten hunger strike
e 'The November Man' Cometh
e Emmy Awards 2014: 'Modern Family,' 'Breaking Bad' dominate again
b Berkshire's Most Significant Stock Purchase: Wal-Mart Stores
b Dollar Gains On Hopes For European Stimulus
e Anna Wintour: Why Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Landed 'Vogue' Cover
b Zynga taps former Best Buy exec as CFO
b Inflation rate in UK down to 1.5% in May
m Annual Pelvic Exams No Longer Recommended
t 'Space cherry tree' baffles Japanese
t Mom threatened with lifetime Facebook ban over picture of daughter's naked  ...
e X-Men: Days of Future Past is a great movie, period
t Sony Xperia C3 cashes in on the selfie trend
b Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko convenes National Security and Defense  ...
b Report: U.S., Toyota may reach settlement in probe
e Robin Thicke -- Worst Timed Crotch Thrust ... During Plea for Wife's Forgiveness
e Ann B. Davis, known as Alice on 'The Brady Bunch,' has died
m NewsAlert: Ebola ruled out in case of sick Saskatchewan man
e Frankie Knuckles, the Godfather of House Music, passes away at 59
b China will persist in its search for MH370, says China PM
t eBay reputation tarnished by breach response
e Selena Gomez posts 'working on me' message on Instagram
e Olivia Palermo reveals secret marriage
e Ben & Jerry's offering free ice cream
e Pharrell Williams wants to make us happy with T-shirts
b Major Averages Close Firmly Negative, Nasdaq Underperforms
b Turkey's President Criticizes Twitter Ban
e Kanye West Wedding Speech To Kim Kardashian
t Google I/O 2014: Google unveils Android Auto for your car
e It's a Dance Duel on "Dancing with the Stars"
b Consumer confidence dips in April
m Report Questions Physician Training Program
t Google I/O Site is Now Live! Let the Excitement and Rumors Begin
t Microsoft unveils Surface 3
e Unfinished Business: What I Learned From
t Will Google's driverless cars be on streets by 2017?
m Organic Foods Have More Antioxidants, Review Finds
b Thomas Piketty and the great inequality debate: The Ayn Rand response
b Weekend road closures begin on Kennedy Expressway at Ohio and Ontario streets
t US Wildlife officials conduct status reviews of 33 Southeastern species
b U.S. housing starts fall 6.5 pct in May
m Chimerix will now send medicine to dying Fredericksburg boy
e Top ten most ridiculous moments in Kim Kardashian's life, from THAT sex tape to  ...
e Kim Kardashian Worries About Daughter North Encountering Racism
b Gold Fundamental Analysis April 1, 2014 Forecast
b AbbVie to announce firm bid for Shire
b US economy added 218000 jobs in July, survey says
e 'The Bachelorette' star Andi Dorfman cuts Marcus Grodd after hometown dates  ...
t Nikkei hits three-week high on weak yen
e Azerbaijani film displayed at Cannes Festival for first time
m Fresh warning over Ebola
t Marquez dominates practice
e Kate O'Mara dies in Sussex nursing home
b Tuesday's ETF Movers: FBT, FCG
b Target takes aim at Amazon, expands home delivery
e Shailene Woodley donned disguise for 'The Fault in Our Stars' screening
e 5 Things to Know About Khloé Kardashian's New Man
e Paul Goldberger: Pritzker Prize for Shigeru Ban is Exquisitely Timed
b Dollar surges for 2nd day after ECB easing talk
t Pad Problem Aborts Launch of NASA Carbon Dioxide-Measuring Satellite
t Cisco, Telstra and partners to build the world's largest network of cloud  ...
t Gas prices highest since March 1 in San Diego County
e 'Transcendence' like a clunky TED talk
b Germany should drive economic recovery in Europe: IMF chief
b King Digital (KING) Gains After Announcing the Launch of Candy Crush Saga in  ...
e Congratulations Jessica Simpson! She's Officially A Newlywed Again
t Stop freaking out: The iPad isn't dying
t Astronomers discover gravitational waves from expansion after Big Bang
e Dina Lohan Pleads Guilty to Driving While Intoxicated, Speeding on Long Island
m Lansal, Inc. voluntarily recalls hummus & dip products due to possible health risk
e Hilary Duff Still Has 'A Lot Of Love' For Estranged Husband Mike Comrie
b Who's America's No. 1 CEO? He's not a household name
e Box Office Predictions: 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' Towers, Others Surprise
e 'Captain America' tops box office again
t Facebook goes down, shutting out millions of users
m Kill cynicism, be positive for better brain health
b Redesigned 2015 Toyota Camry Debuts at NYIAS
t OkCupid Confesses to Lying to Users About Their Match Ratings
t Who's making news at the Code Conference
b Herbalife under investigation by FBI: report
e 'X-Men' director sued for sexual abuse is a big Dem donor
m Cardinal George asks church to begin process of choosing his successor
t How Will General Motors (GM) Stock Be Affected By China Recall?
e President Higgins extends sympathies to Geldof family
b Yum Brands 2nd-quarter profit increases 19 per cent as KFC business in China  ...
t April 2014 NPD: PS4 Defeats Xbox One Yet Again, is #1 Overall
t Amazon's Smartphone To Feature Unique But Limited 3D Effects
e 'American Idol' fans get a taste of Green Top Bar-BQ, thanks to Alabama singer  ...
t 5 Android 4.4 KitKat Features You Didn't Know About
b Court agrees with debit card swipe fee
e Miley Cyrus' Hospitalization Forced MORE Bangerz Tour Postponements! Find  ...
b Argentina Asks World Court to Review Debt Case
e Chris Martin to appear as mentor on The Voice USA
e X-Men: Days of Future Past - New Trailer
t Google to launch new 'L' version of Android at I/O today
e Why Rob Kardashian Left Kim's Wedding
e 3 arrested outside Taylor Swift's RI beach house
b Lower energy output dampens Canadian growth in April
t NSA spying talk at SXSW: Edward Snowden calls on tech to 'fix things'
t Interaction Responses to Facebook's “Buy” Button
m CDC Study Finds Restaurant Workers Responsible for Most Cases of Norovirus
e Prince Signs New Record Deal With Warner Bros. And Prepares To Release  ...
e Weekend box office: 'Captain America' rises on the third weekend
t Samsung Galaxy S5 review
b Dollar dips vs. euro despite poor Ifo, pound steady
b Burger King teaching gay acceptance and equality one bun at a time
t Health care site flagged in Heartbleed review
t Breaking — Amazon Acquires Twitch for $970M
e Pharrell Williams Still "Happy" On Billboard Digital Songs Chart
e Entertainer Rolf Harris guilty of 12 counts of indecent assault after...
b Lululemon Athletica inc. (LULU) Announces Quarterly Results
e Inside Haus of Gaga
e Miley Cyrus gives dog Moonie away, says it's 'too soon' after Floyd's death
b A Bad Day For Samsung As Profits Decline Once Again
m Breakthrough Cancer Drugs Inflate Treatment Costs
b QuickStats: Facts and figures on the Tim Hortons and Burger King deal
t Revisit Halley's Comet – Stay Up Late for Tonight's Eta Aquarid Meteor Shower
t Street Fight Daily: Nokia's New Chief, New York's 'Smart' Bar Crawl
t Google planning Android TV
e Ivan Reitman Bows Out of Ghostbusters III
b Valeant, hedge fund Pershing Square together make hostile $45B bid for Allergan
t Apple-Samsung patent wars head back to court
e Juan Pablo Galavis picks his girl: Did Reality Steve get it right?
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Mini (Dx) appears in another leak, provides a good look at  ...
e JK Rowling Shares Harry Potter's Future in New Short Story
b Berkshire Hathaway Takes Stake in Verizon -- Filing
b Report: 15-Year-Olds In Asia Are Better Problem Solvers Than In The US
t Best Titanfall Deals to Get this Season's Most-Anticipated Gaming Title
t iPhone 6 Sapphire glass shows off its flexibility in stress test
b Northern Trust Corporation: Northern Trust named a 2014 World's Most Ethical  ...
t The Galaxy K Zoom, Samsung's first selfie phone gets official
e Seth Rogen says West-Kardashian spoofs are in fun
m Recalled beef sold in Michigan stores
b VITA Helps Residents File Taxes
b China's trade deficit and structural worries in Europe, among the main issues
t Amazon Products and Practices Aim to Compete
e St. Paul gets two new record shops: Barely Brothers & Agharta Records
t Cricket Wireless Offers Best Prepaid Price on Samsung Galaxy S 5
e Jersey Shore reality television star Mike 'The Situation' Sorrentino has been  ...
e Rubble Bucket Challenge launches in Gaza to raise awareness of those  ...
t Mass. gas prices up another 4 cents per gallon
e A full list of Academy member invitees
b Federal Reserve bars Citigroup, 4 other big banks from raising dividends and  ...
t Microsoft warns of IE flaw; 50% of global browser market could be affected
t Apple Annihilates Android, Crushes Stock Market in 2015
e Jagger mourns L'Wren Scott at private LA funeral
e Why HBO's epic 'Game of Thrones' exploded this season
e Medical examiner gives cause of death for The Ultimate Warrior
t Lookout Theft Alerts App Designed To Fight Smartphone Theft
e Watch Beyonce and Jay Z's "Run" Music Video — Starring Blake Lively, Sean  ...
b Q1 Ends With A Bounce
t Samsung announces Galaxy S5 mini with 4.5-inch display and fingerprint sensor
e Photos - Kim Kardashian's Met Gala Gown - Nailed It Or Failed It?
m Kitsap County closes lake park over norovirus-type health scare
m Seven a day helps stave off death says study - but can Stafford shoppers afford it?
b Hillshire Brands's new offer from Pilgrim's could stop Pinnacle deal
e James Franco's Cormac McCarthy adaptation 'Child of God' hits theaters, earns  ...
t Marquez in top gear for Austin
e Stars Reflect on Barbara Walters and Her Legacy
b Charney's investment deal doesn't guarantee American Apparel return
t Volcanoes sustained life during ice ages: Study
e Easter: A message of change
b Qatar To Help Deutsche Bank Raise $11bn In New Equity Capital
b Economy: Further fall in unemployment boosts Chancellor ahead of Budget  ...
t Confirmed: French Carrier Iliad Offers to Buy T-Mobile
e WATCH: Emma Stone & Jimmy Fallon compete in lip sync battle
m Kick Butts Day on Wednesday pits America's activist youth against Big Tobacco
e 'Get On Up' review: James Brown bio hits a flat note
e Why Craig Ferguson Is Leaving 'Late Late Show'
e Kim Kardashian flashes her boobs in sheer top at Kanye West gig
e Jodie Foster is now a married woman
e He is family to me and always will be: Avril Lavigne tweets support for ex  ...
t Patent row: Apple Inc accuses Samsung of brazenly ripping off iPhone, iPad  ...
b Consumer Minute:IRS phone scam warnings & Starbucks is serving alcohol
e Beebe: Angelou showed strength, determination
e Weekend Box Office: 'Veronica Mars' Earns $2M, 'Mr. Peabody And Sherman' Tops
m More Pets Are Getting Lyme Disease—Here's How To Prevent It
t Wearable technology Google Glass goes on sale in the UK
t Recalls: 2011-2014 Hyundai Sonata, 2015 Hyundai Sonata
b GM says ignition-switch troubles surfaced in 2001 testing
m WHO, West African countries to launch intensified Ebola outbreak response plan
e JJ Abrams Wants You To Be In Star Wars: Episode VII - First Set Photo Revealed
m Our friends may be genetically similar
b Target 'respectfully requests' shoppers leave guns at home
e Tributes pour in for Richard Attenborough
e It's Official! FROZEN's Elsa Set for ABC's ONCE UPON A TIME!
e Will Smith To Appear In NFL Concussion Drama
t Apple: Raymond James Ups Target to $102 on iPhone Upgrades
e Pharrell wins big at BET Awards
t Research Says Synchronizing Lasers With Particle Accelerators Would Cut  ...
e Kim Kardashian Lying to Wedding Guests?
e The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies
t Heartbleed bug could hit HealthCare.gov
t Microsoft's New CEO Wants To Look Beyond Its Past To Find Its Future
m Edwards Heart Valve System Tops Medtronic Version in Study
t Google I/O 2014: Android 5.0, Nexus 9 and Android Wear expected
b Gas stations (not toys) lose Hess ID
e BET Awards 2014: Nicki Minaj, August Alsina, Chris Brown, Usher Among  ...
m Economic Downturn Leads to Increase in Obesity: OECD Report
m Dr. Ann Kearney-cooke - Introducing the new Dove: Patches campaign
e Terry Richardson Defends His Behavior: “I Don't Have Any Regrets”
b Libya PM ousted after tanker escapes to sea with rebel oil
t New Evidence Points To Rapid Universe Expansion
e Miley Cyrus gets rid of new puppy Moonie following Floyd's death?: 'It's just too  ...
t Infant Car Seats Recalled
b 401(k)s strangled by fees, study shows
b Snapchat is worth $10 billion now
b US, Europe lead Aust market higher
t Hands-on: Bang & Olufsen BeoVision Avant 4K UHD TV review
t Space Station Computer Outage May Require Spacewalk For Repair (VIDEO)
e Scott Derrickson to direct Doctor Strange for Marvel
e Weekend Box Office Report: 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' Makes About as  ...
b How Will Rising Mortgage Rates Affect the Phoenix Housing Market?
e Massimo Vignelli, Designer Famous For 1972 NYC Subway Map, Dead At 83
e Dancing With the Stars 2014: Meryl Davis and Maksim Chmerkovskiy's Week 9  ...
e Keith Richards To Publish Children's Book
m Patrick Dempsey's mom, inspiration for cancer org, dies
b Pound to New Zealand Dollar (GBP/NZD) Exchange Rate up Slightly after GDP  ...
t To celebrate Twitter's eighth birthday, take a look back at the first tweets sent by  ...
m Saturated fat may not raise heart disease risk
t Protecting against the Heartbleed Bug
t Working 4 you: SCOTUS tech rulings and how they affect you
t All Hands on Tech: Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4
e Nicki Minaj's Wardrobe Malfunction: 10 Worst Celebrity Fashion Faux Pas; Janet J
t The Way Forward to Kicking Our Carbon Addiction
e Taylor Swift offers opinion on digital music, social-media and music's future
e Adele Tweets Makeup-Free Selfie For 25th Birthday, Hints at New Album (PHOTO)
b Amazon.com's revenue sees an increase
t Chromecast vs Roku vs Apple TV – The Best of the Top 3
e 'Sons of Guns' Star Will Hayden Arrested For Allegedly Raping His Daughter
m Polio now a world health emergency, WHO says
e Royal meeting: Lorde touches base with Royals muse
m Lower Blood Glucose Levels can Trigger Domestic Violence
e Former Survivor contestant killed in railway accident
b China Aircraft Leasing planning IPO
b Malaysian Airlines plane crash: Nine Brits believed to be among hundreds dead  ...
e Joss Whedon releases new film 'In Your Eyes' online after Tribeca premiere
e Watch! New Dawn of The Planet of The Apes clip
t AOL advises users to change passwords following security breach
b Europe midday: Stocks gain ahead of ECB policy decision
b The Hong Kong crisis that isn't
e Singer Chris Brown jailed for leaving rehab
m 'Wee' May Ease MS Symptoms ...
t Report: Apple settles e-book pricing case with consumers
t Lunar Eclipse Photos of Blood Moon Dazzle the World
e Jolie-Pitt family wow at Maleficent premiere
t Dr. Dre & Jimmy Iovine Facing Lawsuit From Alleged Co-Founder Of Beats  ...
t BBM For Android and iOS Updates with Stickers, Larger File Attachments and  ...
e Stars and Muppets react to Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Vogue cover
t T-Mobile partners with Rhapsody to make unRadio
e Photo Gallery: Godzilla
m Is red wine really good for you?
b Germany Ifo business confidence hits 2014 low
b BofA told halt dividend, buyback plan
e Video: WWE legend Pat Patterson comes out as gay
t #OccupyGoogle Net Neutrality Protesters Arrested
m Plane seat-back pockets germier than toilet handles
b Looks like euro's up for a slide against dollar
m Health institute: Sedgwick County ranks 75th for healthy lifestyle
e Kaley Cuoco could become highest paid actress with 'Big Bang Theory' raise
e Hollywood Boycotts Brunei Hotels over Sharia Law
e Colbert a threat to America's heartland? Don't believe it
e Justin Bieber, Selena Gomez party together in L.A.
t Sony Ribs Microsoft on ID@Xbox Parity Clause
t Neanderthal feces shows cavemen ate their veggies
m PHOTO: Giraffe gives dying zoo worker 'goodbye kiss'
e Miley Cyrus Made $76 Million Last Year
t eBay FAIL gets even more fail-y, with failworthy password advice
e 'Divergent' teen warriors defeat 'Muppets' at box office 0
t Galaxy S5 goes on sale in Korea in spite of Samsung's wishes
t Japan Continues With Pacific Hunt After Court Ruling Bans Commercial Whaling
e 'Godzilla 2′ In Development
b In new drought move, state plan would cut outdoor water use, impose fines
t Google, Facebook, Amazon Warn FCC Rules Pose 'Grave Threat to the Internet'
e Pretty Little Liars Review: Old Habits Die Hard
t Ok Google, No Google, Help Google: The first few hours with Android Wear
b China stocks sink on weak data
m FDA Approves HPV Test for Primary Cervical Cancer Screening
m Make a Girl Fat by calling her Fat
t Apple 'To Buy Dr Dre's Beats Firm For $3.2bn'
m FDA will propose new regulations for E-Cigarettes
e Chelsea Handler says goodbye as she ends 8 year run on Chelsea Lately
m Maine Medicaid rules cut narcotic painkiller prescriptions by 6 million pills  ...
e Craig Ferguson to retire from CBS' 'Late Late Show'
m UNODC drug report: Rise in US cannabis use treatments
b Rada passes government's anti-crisis tax amendments at second attempt
b Coutts Adds Gold as Demand in China Climbs With Ukraine Risk
e Amy Purdy leaves Dancing With The Stars audience and judges in tears with  ...
e Miley Cyrus First Act Confirmed For Capital Summertime Ball Line-Up 2014
b Anderson Informs About ACA Amid Recall Fight
m Mother's fears can be passed down to babies through smell
t Back to the past: Google maps Street View lets you travel through time (has video)
b NY top court OKs fracking ban
b Coldwater Creek to shutter all stores, including Sioux City
t “Heartbleed” ails web security
t 3 Reasons Why the iPhone 6 Will Be a Blockbuster Product
e X-Men: Days of Future Past sacrifices excitement for a baffling and bipolar plot
b Why the Zillow and Trulia Deal Will Boost Both Companies
b Wise County family awarded $3M in fracking lawsuit
e Miley Cyrus Tour Bus Catches on Fire!
b 2015 Alfa Romeo 4C
t Marin Voice: Climate change is a big threat to US
t Climate panel warns emissions rising, blurs reason
e Man climbs under How To Train Your Dragon 2 star America Ferrera's dress at  ...
b FedEx Faces Charges for Shipping Prescription Drugs for Online Pharmacies
b Wall Street drops again on slowdown fears
b How the Dow Jones industrial average fared Monday
m 12 percent of kids in US are victims of maltreatment, abuse
b IMF chief confirms she faces 'negligence' charges in multi-million euro fraud case
e Miley Cyrus Postpones Remaining U.S. Concert Dates
m 1st case of MERS in US in isolation
e Zayn Malik and Louis Tomlinson 'drug video'
m 5 Things You Should Know About MERS, The Deadly Virus That's Now Breaking  ...
e Kim and Kanye's Vogue cover causes extreme reactions
m Johnson & Johnson Call For Worldwide Market Withdrawal of Device Linked to  ...
e Soon you'll be able to get a real drink at Starbucks
m Oscar Pistorius 'did not suffer from a mental illness,' report says
e Prince Set to Release First Solo Album in Four Years
e Beyonce and Jay Z Make a Statement Appearance at the Brooklyn Nets Game
t U.S. Conference of Mayors held for supporting Same-Sex Marriage
t DirecTV's 'NFL Sunday Ticket' Offered as Standalone Subscription, Available on  ...
m Scientists make insulin-producing cells
e Juan Pablo Galavis upsets Clare Crawley with sexual comment
e The VMAs were a 2-hour warmup for a Beyonce concert
e VIDEO: Sneak Peeks - New HBO Drama Series THE LEFTOVERS, Premiering  ...
e Katherine Heigl sues drugstore for tweeting her photo
b Rochon: A prediction of even better times for the Dow Jones
e Ann B. Davis of Brady Bunch Fame Dies at 88 After Falling in San Antonio Home
t Galaxy Tab S vs iPad Air specs comparison
e Pastor Todd Stocker: Easter is a life-changing event available to all
e Shigeru Ban named as 2014 Pritzker Prize Laureate
b London open: Stocks drop after hawkish comments from Yellen
e Anna Paquin Cries Bloody Tears Of Sadness In The Newest Poster For True  ...
b Australian shares close lower
e The Bachelor Season Finale Review: Clare Wins!
e Bachelorette 2014 Spoilers: What Happened With Andrew And Waitress?
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West are not married
b Barnes & Noble to spilt non-profitable Nook Unit as separate entity
b $850 million cost of removing some Detroit blight
e Sinead O'Connor undergoes drastic makeover for new album cover
e Jagger On Python
e Miley Cyrus' Tattoo Tribute To Her Dog Floyd (See Photo!)
e Beyoncé Sent Her Well-Wishes to Kim Kardashian via Instagram
t French telecoms company, Iliad makes bid for T-Mobile [UPDATE x2: Rejected]
t New iMac: Release Date, Specs, And Price
t Samsung Galaxy K zoom hands-on and first impressions
m Woman's cancer killed by measles virus in unprecedented trial
m An Area's Level Of Poverty Or Wealth May Affect The Distribution Of Cancer Types
t Samsung Galaxy S5 vs HTC One M8 vs Sony Xperia Z2
e 'Once Upon A Time': 'Fringe' Actress Georgina Haig Cast As Queen Elsa
t Accused Russian hacker claims authorship of 'Zeus' malware
e Demi Lovato Tweeted A Heartbreaking Tribute To Her Dad That Will Make You  ...
m Health-care sign-ups rise, but enrollment goal in jeopardy
t Blood moon eclipse will be visible tonight [Video]
b Apple Grants New Retail Chief Ahrendts Stock Worth $68.1 Million
e Let's Talk About Kim Kardashian, Kanye West, Gender, and Sexuality
t Intel, PC makers broaden support for Chromebooks (Update)
e Box Office: Neighbors Destroys Amazing Spider-Man 2
e Tyler, the Creator Released From Jail & Distances Himself From Fatal SXSW  ...
t Most killed in recalled GM vehicles young
b Chrysler, Ford say Canada auto sales up on trucks
b Fitch: GSE Results Boosted by PLS Settlements; Core Profits Lower
e Kate Winslet Finally Reveals Meaning of Baby's Unusual Name (VIDEO)​
t Net neutrality (postscript): the US Federal Communications Commission (FCC  ...
t AT&T Announces Pricing for Gear 2 and Gear Fit – Pre-Orders Start Tomorrow
t John Oliver Suggests Renaming “Net Neutrality” To “Cable Company F*ckery”
t Is this the largest dinosaur to have existed?
m Fist Bumps Spread Fewer Bacteria Than Handshakes, High-Five: Study
b Thomas Piketty 'Cherry Picked' Data In His Book Critiquing Capitalism
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Release Date, Rumours, News, Specs and Price
t Albemarle County Police Kick Off Click it or Ticket Campaign
m Wikipedia Holds Misinformation In Many Health-Related Subjects; Why  ...
b FAA: US passenger jet nearly collided with drone in March
e Nancy Shevell and Paul McCartney
m Studies that claimed simple way to make stem cells withdrawn after 'extensive  ...
m Fat freed?
e 'Captain America' soars above 'Rio 2' birds to win box office
m Research shows science behind health of olive oil
e Columbus Short's wife files for divorce after hubby threatens to kill her and  ...
b RPT-China's Jan-May property investment +14.7 pct y/y
e Michael Jackson's Too Real Hologram Stuns Fans Watching BBMAS
t UPDATE 1-US Air Force rocket buy sparks lawsuit by aspiring contender SpaceX
b Ikea raises pay for US retail workers based on location
t Earth may have underground 'ocean' three times that on surface
t Deep-Sea Octopus Sets Brooding Record, Female G. Boreopacifica Guards  ...
e Harrison Ford to Miss 8 Weeks of Filming Following Injury on Star Wars Set
b Economist Thomas Piketty 'got his sums wrong' in bestselling book
e Robert Pattinson Hails Jennifer Lawrence: 'She's Super-Confident'
m Scientists Publish Recipe For Making Bird Flu More Contagious
t Android gains in US
b London open: UK stocks jump post-Fed, Rolls-Royce gains
m Cancer blood test edging closer
t Mobile Apps Susceptible to Heartbleed, Too
b US stocks drift lower ahead of Fed meeting
e Lifting up our eyes during Holy Week
m Lexicon Pharma's diabetes drug successful in mid-stage study
e Shia LaBeouf snapped after he was released from police custody. Photo: AP
m Texas Health Plano offers 3D mammograms
t Today is Friday the 13th and a full moon; an event that will happen next only  ...
t Gas prices fall a penny in Rhode Island
t Obama climate rules can't wait until after election
e PHOTOS: Stars arrive on Video Music Awards red carpet
b Syria weapons moved onto US ships for destruction
b U.S. Q4 Growth Revised Slightly Up
t Interview: Microsoft: 'Surface Pro 3 is made for people, not for businesses'
t This is the best confirmation of the 'Swiss made' Apple iWatch yet
e Trailer : X-MEN: Days Of Future Past gets deeper & darker
t Should We Trust Google With Our Smart Homes?
t Teen Says He Exposed TweetDeck Vulnerability by 'Accident'
m Chocolate and red wine 'WON'T extend your life'
b Pfizer Confirms Bid Interest For AstraZeneca
e X-Men: Days Of Future Past's Hugh Jackman Calls Out John Cena
e SiriusXM cites radio host's tweets as cause for firing
t Apple unveils 21.5-inch affordable iMac
e Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin clashed over Kabbalah
e 'Begin Again': Romance reaches a sweet pitch
b Political Conflict Doesn't Help Thailand
b Philippines' Aquino says - ASEAN must tackle China sea claims
b Company Update: Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) – Form 8.5 (EPT/RI) – Kentz  ...
e A Former Contestant Might Have Just Revealed ABC's Next Bachelor
m Mom Saves Kids By Flinging Herself in Car's Path
b Caterpillar's Fall Hurts the Dow Despite Home Depot's Earnings Bounce
t MotoGP Update: Grand Prix Of The Americas Preview
e Beyonce Pens Tribute To Michael Jackson
e Belle Knox On Watching Adult Films — Porn Star Started Watching At Age 12
e Game of Thrones Preview: What Good is Power?
e Game of Thrones: Joffrey's Wedding
b Fed blocks Citigroup dividend hike
b Vietnam urges end to protests on China's oil rig
b The Top 4 Things to Do to Avoid an Audit
e Paul Giamatti's first scene in 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2'
b Dow plunges as multiple worries vex investors - Business, Government Legal  ...
b State shows slight increase in jobs, unemployment rate unchanged in February
b Strong showing: Nearly all major U.S. banks pass Fed's 'stress tests'
e Star Wars 7: Harrison Ford tested for chest injuries after being crushed 'by  ...
t Facebook Acquires Exercise Tracking App MOVES; Betters Its Mobile Portfolio
t News & Analysis AMD Takes Swing at Custom ARM
t Top 5 things missing from the HTC One (M8)
b Charney Eyes Legal Battle With American Apparel
e UK's Imperial War Museum To Re-open With New WW1 Objects
b Hewlett-Packard Company Rating Reiterated by Wells Fargo & Co. (HPQ)
b Deals Rumor Mill: Alstom, Medtronic, RSA
e Concerts row could hit long-awaited world tour
b 24/05/2014FT's criticism 'ridiculous': French economist Piketty
t GM Recalls 8.4 Million More Vehicles: Buick, Cadillac, Chevrolet, GMC  ...
e Shooting Starts on Untitled Whitey Bulger Film, Starring Johnny Depp and Joel  ...
b Pfizer Pledges To Protect Astrazeneca Jobs If Takeover Successful, Ahead Of  ...
e The Wolverine 3 is coming soon!
t T-Mobile Subscriber Numbers Surpass 50 Million, Sees Q2 Profit of $391M
t VIDEO: Intersection: El Raval, Barcelona
e 'True Blood' recap: Sookie confronts agonizing dilemma in series finale
t Apple Offers Refunds For Some Unauthorized In-App Purchases Made By Minors
b IMF's Christine Lagarde placed under formal investigation in France
b Judge Won't Order Recalled GM Cars to be Parked
t Mozilla employees call for CEO Brendan Eich's resignation; 3 board members  ...
b Sale of Red Lobster seafood chain nets $2.1 billion cash for Darden
t Influential developer leaves GitHub alleging gender harassment
b Target CEO Gregg Steinhafel resigns (Video)
b Health-care enrollment tops 5 million
t From 'Star Trek' to one-man show, William Shatner stays in the limelight
t Facebook: Mobile is today, but VR is $2bn platform of tomorrow
t Android KitKat update for Samsung Galaxy Grand 2 rolls in India
t Tech Tips: A guide to upgrading, using XP computer
t Heartbleed bug creates confusion on internet
e Peaches Geldof funeral attended by stars
t Microsoft announces it's cutting 18000 jobs
b UAE business activity growth slows in May
e Wigged out on a Jet Ski
m Seven deadly illnesses reaching dangerous levels of resistance to antibiotics
e American Idol's Scotty McCreery tweets after being robbed at gunpoint
b Australian PM 'confident' signals from black box
e Tom Hanks Dances to Montell Jordan “Dressed Like a Rabbi” [VIDEO]
b Gold climbs to three-week high as Iraq violence boosts demand
t Phenomena:
m Illinois MERS patient misdiagnosed, was not infected with virus, CDC finds
b Motorola losses widen ahead of sale to Lenovo
m Aids-related deaths and new HIV infections have fallen by one-third in a decade  ...
e Mara Wilson Explains Why She Doesn't Want to Be in Mrs. Doubtfire Sequel
t Microsoft axes 18000 jobs as CEO shifts focus
e 'Man' wastes Brosnan's talent
m UN says victory against AIDS in reach
t Government acknowledges downlisting manatee might be warranted
b When Bitcoin Arrives At A Quiet Swiss Hotel
e Kelly Osbourne Shows Off Her Head Tattoo
e Pilot Episode of OWN's Lindsay Lohan Docu-Series Gets 'So-So' Ratings
e Disney's 'Frozen' becomes top-grossing animated film ever
b US STOCKS-S&P 500 flat, on track to close slightly lower on week
b Tiffany Earnings Covered in Diamonds
b Global Equities Respond To Positive US Data And Record S&P Close
t Xbox One External Storage, Real Names Coming in June Update
e Everything Important That Happened At The MTV VMAs, Ranked
e DWTS Makes Teenage Girls Everywhere Cry With Their Latest Elimination! Find  ...
b Pre-Market: Medtronic Gets an Irish Tax Shelter; Brent Crude Rises to $114
b TIAA-CREF to buy Nuveen
e Will Michael bay trick us into thinking another 'Transformers' movie could be  ...
t Apple's gripe is with Android, says Samsung
b Here Are Janet Yellen's Three Big Questions
t LG to put 'the first 4K OLED TVs' on sale in September
e Paul Simon and Edie Brickell disorderly case dropped
e Rapper TI, Floyd Mayweather talk about weekend brawl
m Ebola patient heads to US as aid workers' health worsens
t Skype to Introduce Real-Time Translation in Late 2014
e New anti-gay remarks by Duck Dynasty star
e Superman Comic Book Goes for Sky-High $3.2M
t Bee fossils at La Brea Tar Pits offer clues to Ice Age climate
b Walgreen dumps forecasts: A bitter pill
m Regulator, Trial Lift Endocyte
e Grand Debut For '22 Jump Street' Soars In Box Office Numbers
b Men's Wearhouse to buy Jos. A. Bank for $1.8 billion after long battle
e 4 Ways to Have A Happy Day (And Life) in Your Body
b Tech-savvy Turks, led by President Gul, flout attempted Twitter ban
e Q&A: Tatiana Maslany returns to TV with Orphan Black (with video)
e Kurt Cobain Comic Book Coming Next Month
e McCarthy: 'Sarandon glows from within'
b Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba files for IPO in the US
t Samsung Galaxy S5 (GS 5) Review of Reviews & News & Cheapest Best Deals
b Asian stocks subdued in holiday thin trade
e Taste beer, make friends at a local beer festival
b California mayor resigns for throwing poop onto opponent's property
b Hedge Fund Pushes for American Apparel Sale
b Major Averages Slide Firmly Into The Red In Early Trading
e The Incredibles 2 in the works confirms Disney
b S Korea's top mobile chat app, portal to merge
b Tokyo shares lower
e Star Wars Episode VII begins shooting
m FDA reports jerky treats imported from China making pets sick
e Kyle Smith
t Researchers claim to hack fingerprint sensor on Samsung Galaxy S5
t Teen says he crashed TweetDeck by 'accident'
e 'Pretty Little Liars' star defends Photoshopped GQ shoot
e Harris tells of guilt; sings Jake the Peg in court
e Could 'Sam and Cat' be coming to an end?
e Jeopardy's Alex Trebek Breaks Guiness World Record
b Malaysia Flight 370: Australia sends planes to check possible objects
e Brad Paisley Took a Very Unimpressed Selfie With the Westboro Baptist Church
b Heavy Volume And Pre-Market Movement For World Wrestling Entertainment  ...
t Long-nosed 'Pinocchio rex' dinosaur discovered by scientists
e Hoping for the luck of the Irish? Kim Kardashian and Kanye West honeymoon in  ...
b 10 Things to Know for Today
e Rock Hall inducts 2014 class
b Herbalife Realizes Some Questions Need Answering
b Emerging Opportunity
e Is Miley Cyrus pregnant? Singer hits back at rumours on Twitter
e Purge sequel gets it all out of our systems
e Martin Freeman interview: 'I had no interest in Fargo just being a TV version of  ...
b No fireworks
e Best Pierce Brosnan Movies To Watch Before You See 'The November Man'
b Crude Oil And Gold Aiming Higher As Conflict In Iraq Intensifies
m FootbaL charity launches mental health awareness campaign
t Buckle up! 'Click It Or Ticket' campaign hits the road
e Who else was worthy of 'Late Show' prize?
b IMF Sees Global Recovery Accelerating in 2015, No Brutal Slowdown in China
e The sexual politics of the Bachelorette's 'fantasy suite'
b China inflation eases to 2.3 percent in June on softer food prices | The Republic
t HTC One M8 vs. iPhone 5c: Spec and Feature Comparison
e New Michael Jackson album due this year
t Facebook will require separate messenger app on phones
b Require labels on GMO food items
b Oil leak blamed for water contamination in NW China city
b Europe's stocks, periphery's bonds dip as banks fined, QE hopes dim
m Medical marijuana rules OK'd by Illinois committee
b Microsoft launches Office for iPad
t Creating Nanowires Only Three Atoms Wide With An Electron Beam
e Johnny Winter, Blues Guitarist and Singer, Dies at 70
t Starbucks to offer free wireless charging for smartphones
t Wearable devices market to touch 19 million units in 2014, says IDC
b Coca-Cola's global soda sales fall, first time in a decade
e Megan Fox joins Instagram and takes make-up free selfie
b This market is looking eerily similar to 2000
e SA beauty tops Maxim's Hot 100 list!
e Miley Cyrus to remain in hospital and miss second show
t Apple releases iOS 7.1 with CarPlay, improved UI, and more lifelike Siri
b GLOBAL MARKETS-Asia shares down before China data, euro hit by Draghi
e Good director makes mediocre movie with 'Sabotage'
e Chief Meteorologist Gary Lezak takes ALS Ice Bucket Challenge in honor of  ...
e Game of Thrones and Feminism
m Rare mono mono twins born in Akron becoming international stars
m 574 sickened in Foster Farms salmonella outbreak
t Windows Phone Devs Get Chance to Respond to Reviews
t AOL Investigates Security Breach On Network, Advises Users To Change  ...
e 'Peanuts' Trailer: Take Courage, It's Really Happening
e Freddie Prinze, Jr. SLAMS Kiefer Sutherland: You're Tiny & Unprofessional!
b Dr Dre Joins Apple In $3bn Beats Acquisition
b Deutsche Bank prepares multi-billion euro share sale - sources
t Report says impact on climate is here, lists Florida as 'exceptionally vulnerable'
e Kanye West Wants To Un-Invite Oprah Winfrey To The Wedding
e Michael Jace, 'The Shield' actor, officially charged in wife's murder
t New HTC One M8 Teardown By iFixit (video)
e Lupita Nyong'o Is People's Most Beautiful, And She Of Course Had Lovely  ...
t Google, eBay, Uber Challenge Amazon with Same-Day Delivery
b Forex - Pound rises after robust UK retail sales report
t Microsoft to launch cheaper version of Office software
b US considers drone licenses for film and TV producers
t Is it a PC, is it a phone? AMD's grand unification plan for ARM and x86 revealed
e Teen arrested after tweeting terror threat
e The 10 Best Boy Meets World Quotes About Life and Love
b Inside RBS's planned IPO for Citizens
t Samsung Electonics posts Q1 earnings Tuesday
b Fees fuel 13 percent profit rise at Morgan Stanley wealth unit
b AbbVie clinches largest offshore tax deal
e 'Captain America' earns $ 159 million at US box office
m Third case of Mers in US as Illinois man contracts disease
e Miley Cyrus Arrives in London to Resume Bangerz Tour, Flashes Nipple En Route
e Bob Geldof 'beyond pain' at death of Peaches
e TV ratings: 2014 Billboard Music Awards score 13-year high to put ABC on top
t Rdio, Crackle, & Vudu updated with Chromecast streaming support
e Rapper Kanye West wants elite wedding security
b Looking for a raise in pay?
m Fist Bumping 'More Hygienic' than Shaking Hands: Study
b Lockheed Wins $1.9 Billion Contract For Missile Defense
e The New Episode Of KUWTK Shows The Kim Kardashian Black Face Incident In  ...
e Hotel Responds To Jay Z-Solange Knowles Fight After More Footage Leaks
e Mickey Rooney dies; "Norfolk Zoo," Pharrell on SNL
b Midday index, ETF option volumes
b A look at Time Warner and Twenty-First Century Fox (Update)
b Millionaire Giving Away Thousands Through Hidden Cash Game
m Understanding Medicare: Parts A, B, C and D
m Researchers Say MERS Can Pass From Camel to Human
e Garth Brooks: New Croke Park dates floated as attempts to save concerts continue
e Courtney Love: Singer claims she has found missing Malaysia Airlines plane
b Honda raises profit forecast on yen, emerging markets boost
b Purchases of New US Homes Increase by Most in Six Months
e Fine Tuning: Glee celebrates milestone with hits
b Bloomberg briefing
e Kim Kardashian's Revealing Sexy Suit
e Eva Mendes Allegedly Pregnant With Ryan Gosling's Baby
e Ivan Reitman will not direct Ghostbusters 3; shooting begins in 2015
b American Airlines Lifts Margin Outlook- Update
e 'The Bachelorette' week two recap: Andi's off to the races, makes men strip down
m Risk of Ebola at Games judged 'extremely low'
m 40 US veterans die waiting for healthcare at Phoenix VA
b Overnight Markets: S&P 500 posts first monthly drop since January
b What to Watch From the Fed Meeting
e Miley Cyrus belts out 'Wrecking Ball' Broadway style and it's flippin' hilarious  ...
m Holiday barbecues impacted by Foster Farms chicken recall
m Lexicon Pharmaceuticals' CEO Discusses LX4211 Positive Results in Type 1  ...
t Tennessee consumers sharing in Apple e-books settlement
m Liberia suspends soccerrelated activities to combat ebola virus outbreak
b Apple in talks with Comcast; Top JP Morgan banker in China quits; Coca-Cola  ...
m Where Does Your City Rank for Well-Being? (List)
m WHO Cautioned By Science World Not to Nix E-Cigarettes
t 5 things to know about Fabien Cousteau's 31-day underwater experiment
e Bernie Goedhart's For Kids: Bunny gets feline competitor in Here Comes the  ...
e Singer Chris Brown's DC trial delayed for months - CBS 5 - KPHO
t Microsoft No Longer Providing Support for Windows XP
e Warner Bros "not considering" Batman Vs Superman date change
e Standing by his man, and his president
b Why World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) Stock Is Up Today
e HBO's Amazon Prime deal: A close reading
b Barclays feels fallout over 'dark pool' fraud charges
e 'What's Your Cut?' Neil Young's Pono Talk at SXSW Gets Awkward
t Fallout from leak prosecution prompts Microsoft promise to stop snooping
m Exact Sciences' Colon Cancer Screening Test Results Published in NEJM
t Sony PlayStation network taken offline after cyber-attack
t Bill Maher says 'Gay Mafia' forced out Mozilla CEO Brendan Eich
m The MERS virus, why it's now affecting more patients in the U.S.
e Jay Z "Regulating" Beyonce, According To Star
b General Electric Plans To Invest $1 Billion Per Year In Clean Energy
b Former Anglo Irish Bank chairman cleared of fraud
e Nirvana, Cat Stevens, KISS Inducted into Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
e Godzilla Director Gareth Edwards Signs on to Make a Star Wars Movie for 2016
t Former astronauts on mission to save Earth from asteroids
e The verdict is in on last night's Mad Men premiere
b China and Russia Involved In Naval Exercise in East China Sea
e Khloe Kardashian Is Declining ALL Of Lamar Odom's Calls?!? Insiders Say  ...
e 'Big Brother 16' Spoilers: Live Feeds Reveal Devin Self-Destructing & Turning  ...
b 2014's 10 Best Stocks in the S&P 500
e Kim Kardashian Battles Mama Kris Jenner in Sexy Bikini Instagram Duel
b Washington Redskins Trademarks Cancelled
e Big Brother 16 Spoilers Thursday July 3rd: Which Houseguest Will Be Evicted  ...
b Tax Day 2014 freebies and deals: Treat yourself to fries, chicken or paper  ...
t JD Powers Gives High Initial Quality Marks To Porsche, Hyundai, and GM
t When and where to watch the Camelopardalids meteor shower
b China's Soybean Imports Jump in April as Demand Recovers
e Mila Kunis: I want a natural birth
e Kristen Stewart Steps into Director's Chair for New Music Video
e 'He told me to be careful': Lea Michele reveals Cory Monteith helped revise her  ...
t Twitter Briefly Shuts Down TweetDeck to Thwart Self-Propagating Tweet
b Forex - JPY weaker ahead of machinery orders, AUD down before jobs data
t Rare 'honey' moon lit up Friday night sky
b NYMEX crude prices dip in Asia with U.S. industry stocks data eyed
b AOL 1st-qtr profit misses estimate; shares tumble 22 pct
b Attorney general investigates split-second stock trading
b US STOCKS-Wall St flat as investors await earnings
e John Mayer is Funny Again, Jokes with TMZ About Ex-Girlfriends Using His  ...
e Commentary: Stephen Colbert's 'promotion' to late-night host leaves a satirical void
e 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' Second Trailer Released: Can't Get Enough of  ...
b 19/05/2014Russian football baron's ex-wife wins $4.48bn divorce payout
e 'Dancing With the Stars' Finale Recap: Season 18 Winners Bring a River of Tears
t Google I/O: Updates from Google big event
b Resignation of Dimon's lieutenant eliminates CEO's most likely successor
b Detroit Reaches Deal With Police, Firefighter Retirees--Update
e Prince Re-Signs with Warner Bros; Readies 30th Anniversary Edition of "Purple  ...
e The Contrast of Palm Sunday That is Present Today
t Study disproves signal clues from two potentially habitable planets
e Opie & Anthony Co-Host Anthony Cumia Fired After Racist Twitter Rant
e Brody Jenner snubs stepsister Kim Kardashian's wedding
t Moto E Coming Tomorrow!
b Whiting to become No. 1 Bakken region producer in deal to buy Kodiak for $6  ...
b Five former Bernie Madoff aides found guilty of concealing Ponzi scheme
e Drew Barrymore speaks out after half-sister is found dead
e Drake Got A Weird Makeover From Jimmy Kimmel
e Jill Abramson to Graduates: I'm in Exactly the Same Boat As Many of You
e Tonys 2014: Neil Patrick Harris Scores A Nomination For Hedwig But Daniel  ...
e Pilot does Ice Bucket Challenge upside-down in his plane
b Not Much Has Changed in the Year Since the Horrific Bangladesh Factory  ...
t Climate Change in the U.S. in 8 Compelling Charts
e A scary, brilliant start to "Orphan Black," Season 2
e Maggie Q Goes Commando for Divergent Premiere
e Katie Couric weds financier John Molner
e Lorde, Lily Allen React To Death Of Peaches Geldof
b Interim CEO hopes Canadians will give Target another chance
m Measles Vaccine May Wipe Out Cancer
e Tupac Shakur last words: 2Pac told cop grilling him for shooter's name, 'F-you'
b Alabama consumers to be reimbursed in e-books price-fixing case
e Coney Island Amusement Parks Go For Another Spin
b US to hand captured tanker over to Libya
b Meet Six Nutrition Blogger Moms Who Crashed the McDonald's Shareholder  ...
e Watch: The Flaming Lips and Miley Cyrus NSFW Short Film
m Scientists discover how magic mushrooms alter the mind
b Zillow to buy Trulia for $3.5 bln in stock: Reuters
e Movie review of Brick Mansions: Paul Walker's last finished film is bad
e Daniel Radcliffe On New Harry Potter Story
b Bangladesh's sweatshops — a boycott is not the answer
t Google's CEO Visits Cuba and Says that Washington Must Lift the Blockade
e A moment like this: Kelly Clarkson's a mom!
b In brief | Nation & World | 4-25-14
t OS X 10.10 precedence over iOS 8 at WWDC 2014
e Ambitious 'Lucy' values images over plot
t Nvidia's Next-Gen GPU 'Pascal' To Incorporate New Technologies
e HBO, BBC to co-produce J.K. Rowling's 'Casual Vacancy' miniseries
m Women 4 to 6 months pregnant have more serious car crashes - study
e Tony Soprano's Fate Revealed by SOPRANOS Creator David Chase
e Robert Pattinson is 'homeless' after losing LA pad 4:06PM
e Ratings: 'Game of Thrones' Draws 6.3 Million Viewers on Sunday
e MSG to Take 50 Percent Stake in Company That Runs Tribeca Film Festival
e Police arrest SXSW performer for inciting riot
b Target's struggle to redefine itself
t Sports And Net Neutrality
e Angelina Jolie As Maleficent? More Like MaleFLAWLESS! This New Clip Will  ...
e Meryl Davis shares that she can be herself with Maksim Chmerkovskiy
b Morgan Stanley quarterly profit up
b Fannie Mae Stockholders: Fasten Your Seat Belts Please, Major Catalyst Is  ...
b Central banks must learn a few more tricks: IMF
t Nike hints at deeper partnership with Apple
e Carrie Fisher won't divulge any rebel secrets about 'Star Wars: Episode VII'
m Guinea Ebola outbreak: 'Some patients recovering'
t Gas Prices Have Sharpest July Drop in 6 Years
b US telecom giant AT&T nearing deal to buy satellite broadcaster DirecTV
t Richardson: Wake up to climate change reality
e Jimmy Fallon, Kermit the Frog Celebrate St. Patrick's Day With Duet (Video)
t 2014 Corvette Piled By Japanese Models In Cars.Com's “Most American” Index
b Gas prices slowly dropping, but still highest Fourth in a few years
e ​The Golden Age of Goop Conspiracy Theories Is Upon Us
t Takata Prepares To Take $440 Million Hit From Airbag Recalls
t Hell is wetter than you thought: Diamond suggests that beneath the Earth's crust  ...
m Senate's issue with Dr. Oz's wild enthusiasm
t Scientists create 'alien' life-form
b Netflix opposes Comcast deal
t 'Heartbleed' computer bug threat spreads to firewalls and beyond
m Pennsylvania Dental Association Installs Dr Steve Radack as President
e Pack up the yellow umbrella kids: “How I Met Your Mother” says goodbye
b UPDATE 2-Brent holds steady near $108; Chinese trade data supports
t LG G Pro 2 vs. Samsung Galaxy S5 Specs and Price Comparison in Australia
b State Water Board approves emergency water regulation
b Twitter Shares Gaping Higher On Executive Change
t Federal Regulators State More Than 13 Ignition-Switch Related Deaths 'Likely'
e Report: Speeding caused Paul Walker car crash
e 'The Other Woman' serves up revenge in comic female fantasy
t Motorola Moto E India launch tomorrow, here's what to expect
t Microsoft (MSFT) Surpasses 150000 App Milestone in Windows Store
b You can now shop Amazon via Twitter
e Beyonce and Jay Z schedule their summer 'On the Run' tour
e AC/DC guitarist Malcolm Young sick, band may have to call it quits, reports say
t Dr Dre and Jimmy Iovine join Apple as $3bn Beats acquisition is agreed
e 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' Reveals Its Epic Second Trailer
t '27 years of catching up to do' for 'Burger King Baby'
t Amazon launches Amazon Dash, a device to help order groceries, household  ...
e Learn How You Can Be In 'Star Wars: Episode VII,' With Help From Stephen  ...
t Apple CEO Tim Cook
t Facebook (FB) Looks to Make Snapchat Rival
b Barclays to axe 19000 jobs, start 'bad bank'
e About Kurt Cobain's Daughter Angry Reaction to Lana Del Rey's Recent 'I Wish I  ...
e Movie review: 'Other Woman' fumbles its comic potential
e Demi Lovato defends Miley Cyrus: "Nobody knows her"
b UPDATE 4-Family Dollar, other retailers see shoppers pull back
e Run for the Hills: Tila Tequila Is Having a Baby
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 to Ship 12MP Camera with Optical Image Stabilisation
e Julia Roberts Comments on Death of Half-Sister
e Universal Pictures teases Fast & Furious 7, Jolie film
b Greenpeace activists board oil rigs
m Op-Ed: Drug company responds to Josh Hardy's case with a 'no' Special
e First teaser for 'Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1' drops
t Google's back-door approach to Internet policy
t Ford Mustang's 50th birthday party swings at the World's Fair site in Queens
b Viewpoints: Obamacare Dilemma -- Some People Dislike The Law But Embrace  ...
b Target names new chief information officer after huge data breach
t Now We Learn Why Facebook Acquired Oculus
e Auckland Michael Jackson Tribute Event Before Xscape Release
b City smartphone chip firm Wolfson bought for £291m
m Apple settles e-book price fixing case; Nuance possible sale; More GM recalls
t Blackburn To FCC: Do Cost/Benefit Analysis of Net Neutrality Rules
b 2014-06-15T10:00:00Z 2014-06-15T17:09:07Z Rising interest ratesTOM and  ...
e UK press maintain Kate photo blackout
b Walmart introduces used game trade-ins, promises to pay more for your games
e 'Saturday Night Live': Noel Wells and John Milhiser are also out
t Despite Promises to Advertisers, Microsoft Disbands Xbox TV Studio
t iPad Pro Release Date, Specs & Rumors: 12.9-inch Tablet Delayed; To Launch  ...
e Game of Thrones: season four finale The Children is a solid hour of TV
m First Confirmed Case of MERS Found in U.S.
m More Ill with Salmonella Tainted Foster Farms Chicken
m FDA prepping plan to reduce salt
e Thrones author says film a possibility
m Poverty linked to development of certain cancers
e George Clooney Engaged To London Lawyer
e ALS Ice Bucket Challenge: Charity challenge hits Chelmsford
b Option Clips: BlackBerry, Plug Power, and SodaStream International
e Rock and Roll Hall of Fame honours Nirvana, Kiss, Peter Gabriel, Hall & Oates
t Winners and losers from the E3 video-game show
b Is Amazon Prime Worth $99 a Year?
b Nobel Laureate Prof. Robert Shiller : Inequality Disaster Prevention
b US stocks gain on data, Yellen comments; Dow rises 0.12%
b Whole Foods Lowers Sales Forecast as Rivals Gain
e Willow Smith causes stir with bed photo
b US, Philippine marines launch South China Sea drills
b Libya plans captured oil tanker's fate
m Bionic Pancreas Delivers Automated Care to Those With Diabetes
e Lionel Richie Lands in Dubai!
b Japan's consumption tax raised for 1st time in 17 years
b Long-Term Unemployed: The Ghosts of the Labor Market
b Talking Forex Daily Wrap: EUR/USD Underperforms
b McDonald's could be liable for labor practices in franchises
t Facebook's Psych Experiment: Consent, Privacy, and Manipulation
e Valerie Harper: "I am not absolutely cancer-free"
t Why Coldwater Creek (CWRT) Stock Is Down Today
t Flappy Bird Creator Shares Screenshot of His New Game
t EU Court Invents “Right” to be Forgotten, Orders Google to Obey
e Review: 'How I Met Your Mother': An awful end to a long love story
e Kanye West gifts Kim Kardashian a portrait as wedding gift?
e Watch: Eminem apologises to his mother in music video
t Breaking Bad in 4K coming to Netflix in June
t Japan 'will continue' Pacific Ocean whaling
e She's Lying! James Franco Denies Having Sex With Lindsay Lohan
e Weather Channel Returning to DirecTV With Less Reality TV (1)
m Could a Simple Smell Test Help Spot Alzheimer's Early?
e at 17, L'Wren Scott used babysitting money for one-way ticket to Paris
b Warren Buffett defends abstention on Coke pay vote
e Mickey Rooney to be laid to rest in Hollywood
e Taylor Swift, Kenny Chesney, Justin Timberlake Top Billboard's 2014 Money  ...
e Sinead O'Connor Announces New Album 'I'm Not Bossy, I'm The Boss'
e Bobby Womack, R&B soul singer and songwriter, dies at age 70
m Bariatric surgery decreases risk of uterine cancer
e Shia LaBeouf Released From Custody After His Arrest in New York
t Apple Launches Swift, a New Programming Language for Writing IOS and OS X  ...
b Dollar mixed to lower on US home sales figures
e 'Broadchurch' scores hat-trick at British TV awards
e Delevingne-Rodriguez inseparable
t T-Mobile tops 50 million subscribers, swings to a profit in...
e Brad Pitt And Angelina Jolie Ready To Romance Once Again
t Why ARM Servers, And Why Now?
t Genetic 'Mugshot' Could Help Researchers Solve Crimes
b Russia China Ink Natural Gas Deal, Celebrate
b Kaepernick Defends Himself on Twitter, Miami PD Clarify Nature of Investigation
e Pamela Anderson reveals troubled past at Cannes Film Festival
b McDonald's Offers Free Coffee in Efforts to Compete with Taco Bell Breakfast
t Apple prepares to release largest-ever iPad with 12.9 inch screen, sources say
e Eminem forgives his mother in emotional music video
e Katie Hopkins blasted as she ignores Peaches Geldof death
e The World's Most Powerful Musicians 2014
t US Group: Iranian Hackers Targeted Israelis on Facebook
b Recount gives Nigeria biggest GDP in Africa
b Argentines react to news of the country's debt default
e 'Chef' has lively behind-the-scenes food shenanigans
m CDC Chief Warns Liberia Ebola Crisis 'Will Get Worse'
e Allison Williams Just Got Cast As Peter Pan In The NBC Musical, AKA We're  ...
m Column: Good news for Medicare
t GM Recalls Another 8.5 Million Vehicles
b Rice Theory May Explain Trait Differences Between North and South Chinese
t Are you there on the 'Global Selfie'?
t 'Heartbleed' blamed in attack on Canada tax agency, more expected
e PRICE HIKE: Get ready to pay even more to go to Disneyland
b HP CEO Meg Whitman To Assume Additional Role Of Chairman
e Come visit FX's darkly fun 'Fargo' homage
m UK slides in 'mother rankings'
t Make Way for the Tesla-Powered B-Class Electric Drive from MB
e A Michael Jackson Hologram Will Perform At The 2014 Billboard Music Awards
b Calc to list on Hong Kong Exchange
e Hollywood Notebook: 'Captain America' suits Chris Evans
m Health Officials Highlight Life Threatening MERS Virus Spread in US
t Climate change report 'should jolt people into action' says IPCC chief
e 'Veep' renewed for 4th season: A woman's place is in the White House?
b JPMorgan profit plummets
t Space station to get espresso maker
t Tablets to overtake PC sales by 2015?
e 'The Purge: Anarchy' Can't Decide What it Wants to Be
m Breast gene tied to high-risk uterine cancer
e Justin Bieber Appears To Have Options: Chantel Jeffries, Selena Gomez Are Two
m Singapore at low risk of ebola outbreak: Ministry of Health
m Scientists Made This Entire Mouse Transparent Using Detergent
b Thai satellite spots 300 objects in jet search
e Hilary Duff's 'Chasing The Sun' Music Video Will Leave You Daydreaming For  ...
m Heavy Drinking Can Lead to Late-in-Life Memory Problems: Study
e Pamela Anderson is single yet again
t NSA Is The Latest Facebook Inc (FB) Stalker
e 'Birdman' launches the Venice Film Festival
b Stock Upgrades & Downgrades; Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), Tesla Motors Inc  ...
e Meet the Texas Cheerleader Famous for Killing Animals in Africa
t Angry How Facebook Uses Your Data? Here's What to Do
e Chris Brown Makes Post-Jail Comeback Performance at BET Awards (VIDEO)
t Microsoft said to be waiving Windows Phone fees for some manufacturers
e 'Bachelorette' Andi freaks out over 'poker face'
b Inflation's Not Just 'Noise,' SocGen's Markowska Says
m Resveratrol Level Not Linked to Longevity in Older Adults
b EUROPE MARKETS: European Stocks Strong After Ifo, US Earnings
t Large Recalls: Ford And Chrysler
e Here are two weird deleted sketches from this weekend's SNL
b Gold down in Europe
t Tesla Motors Q2 Loss Widens - Quick Facts
e Remembering Michael Jackson: Top 5 favorite video moments
m Jordan reports new death from MERS
t Business Wire
t Teardown: Dismantling the Samsung Galaxy S5
e We Want To #CancelColbert
e ABC's ONCE UPON A TIME Casts FROZEN's 'Elsa'!
b Salesforce and Philips Connect Doctors to Your Fitness Tracker
e 'Louie' returns, on its own peculiar terms
b 23% of central Ohio homeowners deeply underwater
b Tech investors pin hope on modest Yahoo results
e Ultimate Warrior Network Tribute Listed for Tuesday Night, Brand New "Hercules  ...
b Airbnb woos business sector with new service
b Rockford's unemployment rate drops to 9.2 percent in April
b Tiffany Sales, Profits Soar in “Excellent Start” to Year
b Disney Eyes $500m for YouTube's Largest Network Maker Studios
t Oculus Rift announces its first VR development conference
t Trend Alert: 6 Messaging Apps That Let Teens Share (Iffy) Secrets
e Which Musician Makes the Most Money?
b Europe fears deflation as Ukraine stays center-stage
e Celebrities boycott Brunei-owned hotels over syariah law
t Utah ready to impress with dinosaur footprints
b China manufacturing improves in May
e “Star Wars” Gives Fans Chance to Appear in the Movie
t Microsoft announces closure of Xbox Entertainment Studios
m Graphic: Ebola spreads across West Africa
e Mila Kunis Debuts Baby Bump, Is Named 'Best Villain' At MTV Movie Awards
m Little tick, big issue
b You are here: Home / Top News / Bitcoin exchange Mt. Gox finds 200000  ...
e Stephen Colbert responds to the #CancelColbert haters
t Touch ID Once Again Said to Come to iPhone 6, iPad Air 2 and iPad Mini 3 This  ...
t FTC accuses T-Mobile of cramming bogus charges
e Late night then & now as Dave prepares to take off
t CEO Satya Nadella talks Bing, Xbox and Microsoft future at first CODE conference
m Senators Grill Dr. Oz Over Weight Loss Products
e Watch: Megan Fox Faces the Shredder in New 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles  ...
b Sterling Surges After BOE's Carney Signals Rate Hike
e 'St. Vincent' Trailer Showcases Bill Murray, and Naomi Watts as a Russian Stripper
e Veep, Silicon Valley: HBO Show Renewed
e Drew Barrymore - Drew Barrymore's Half-sister Found Dead
e Review: The Other Woman serves revenge up cold
b 4th of July Gas Prices Pump Up at its Highest Since 2008
m Alzheimer's rates are dropping in the US and Germany but rising in poor nations  ...
t Toyota to pay $A1.32bn over faults
e Tech: Aereo's Last Minute Moves Befo…
t Watch Dogs mobile app is a hot mess of connectivity issues
e Glee Star Lea Michele Clears Up Pregnancy Rumours on Twitter
t Pre-Market: Google Eyes Stake in Virgin Galactic; Producer Price Index Falls  ...
e Black Widow Needs a Movie
e Jagger's met new 'fling' two weeks before Scott suicide
e All Garth Brooks Croke Park concerts 'could be cancelled'
b Busy Week Begins With A Quiet Monday
b US stocks fall on jitters over earnings
t HTC One mini 2 Vs Samsung Galaxy S5 mini – our interactive buying guide
t Drawings of Alleged 4.7-Inch and 5.7-Inch iPhone 6c Models Surface [Updated]
e Rumor: Potential details revealing Star Wars 7 villains
e Crowds Gather for Fourth of July Fireworks in NYC
e Andi Dorfman's Ridiculously Low 'Bachelorette' Salary Will Surprise You
t China State Media Demands 'Severe Punishment' for Google, Apple, US Tech  ...
b GM adds 971000 cars to ignition recall
t Why Yahoo (YHOO) Stock Is Up in After-Hours Trading Today
b Britain sells 7.8-pct of Lloyds bank for £4.2 bn
t Former General Motors Employees Under Probe for Ignition Switch: Report
b Stocks Close Modestly Lower Following Lackluster Session - U.S. Commentary
m Hero! Mother Acts As “Speed Bump” To Save Children In Rolling Car (VIDEO)
b Malaysia premier investigating reported jet crash
e Jonah Hill Apologizes for Homophic Slur -- 'I Shouldn't Have Said That'
t Kiwis among 'Blackshade' hacking victims
m State medical marijuana rules drop gun language
b Tokyo stocks close up 1.08pc
t GOP in grip of climate change denial
b Political Lessons From Crisis Keep Euro Afloat
t Sony issues battery-fire warning over 26000 Vaio laptops
b This lime shortage is going to put a real squeeze on your margarita intake
b Viewpoints: Health law didn't simplify anything; possible 'blowback' in 2016; now  ...
e 8 films to watch on Shakespeare's 450th birthday
e Gotham Extended Over Two Minute Trailer Released
m Electrical device developed in Kentucky helps paralyzed men move legs
b Editorial: Citigroup settles for $7 billion; not much changes
t Samsung sees profits fall for second time
t Sprint's Japanese owner planning US telecoms price war
e Religion calendar, April 18, 2014
t Microsoft Surface Mini likely to be unveiled at May 20th press event
t Samsung Launches Two New Tablets In Its Galaxy Tab S Series; Sharp Display  ...
b Intuit Q3 tops estimates, busy tax quarter pays off; outlook weaker than expected
b Expect Higher Gas Prices, Busier Roads This Holiday Weekend
e Shia LaBeouf getting treatment for alcoholism, rep says
b Target steps up fight with Amazon, expands US subscription service
m Japanese Institute Says It Found Misconduct in Stem-Cell Studies
e TV Guide Network Orders New Kids on the Block Series
t Google Picks Up Titan Aerospace Before Facebook Can
t Now That Netflix Is Paying Comcast, Users Finally Get Decent Speeds… But At  ...
b CEO given $60 million lump sum to buy out contract
b ECB may inject more money into weaker eurozone nations
t Climate report: Human inaction to climate change would be catastrophic
e Editor: Gabriel Garcia Marquez left unpublished manuscript
e Chris Martin wants to appear cordial
e Actor writes his own obituary
e Dave Franco promises 'Neighbors' is 'insane'
e Neil Young spearheads PonoMusic movement
b Investors agree details of Alitalia sale
b Wall St scales new peak riding on good jobs report
t Climate change panel: Crisis can be averted
t Fort Myers Amateur Radio Club hosts field day
m Drug Take-Back Event April 26
t Who needs a bigger iPhone? | Talking Tech
b New Jersey Herald - Mt. Gox finds 200000 missing bitcoins
m US scientists create see-through mice to get detailed look at inner anatomy
m Achoo! Extremely cold winter brings pollen vortex
m Red meat increases risk for breast cancer by 22%
t Youtube to buy Twitch for $1 billion
t Blood moon captured by local photographer
b U.S. futures little changed ahead of data; Dow Jones up 0.04%
e Game of Thrones Makes Its Audience Complicit
t Delivery reaches space station
t Twitter Adding Mute Support To Official Apps And Web Interface
e Star Wars: Episode VII has started filming
t Audi TT offroad concept show car revealed
t Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Neo In Red and Pink Color Variants To Arrive Soon
b Uber seeks manager in Brussels, where it's banned
t Slashdot: FCC Orders Comcast To Stop Labeling Equipment Rental a Service Fee
e Madonna Shows Off Long Armpit Hair
e It's a Boy for Ciara and Future!
e Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction: The ceremony's shifting path
t Facebook to buy virtual reality firm Oculus VR for $2 billion
b Gazprom introduces prepayment system for gas supplies to Ukraine
t Google And Viacom Settle YouTube Lawsuit
t GM Stops Sale of Select 2013-14 Cruze Models for Faulty Airbags
b Hewlett-Packard Earnings Preview: Analysts See Strong PC Sales, But Are Still  ...
e Richie Incognito Touches Down in Miami for Ultra Music Festival 2014
e Big screen stars bring new shine to Emmys, TV's top night
e Miley Cyrus Expands 'Bangerz' Tour
b Yellen Says Higher Capital Rules May Be Needed for Big Banks
e 'Mad Men': Passenger side
t SoftBank chief woos US, with T-Mobile in view
e Lindsay Lohan blames nasty cut on Citi Bike
t Microsoft Office for iPad tipped for unveiling on Mar. 27
m Diet soda and weight loss: New study reignites debate
b Dollar Breakout Risk High on Fed, But a Trend ?
e Zac Efron's Friends Concerned After Skid Row Fight [Report]
t Microsoft's Surface Pro 3 tablet to be available with "4th generation Intel Core i3  ...
e Emma Stone wears Versace to 'Amazing Spider-Man 2' London premiere
b Gold adds to slide as economy improves
t Its curtains for Windows XP
t What happens to your Facebook page when you die?
e Billy Dee Williams puts in wooden performance in Star Wars theme in DWTS
e Beyonce Tops List of Forbes' Most Powerful Celebrities
t Microsoft Debuts Surface 3 Pro Tablet
t Don't use Microsoft's web mail to receive Microsoft leaks
e Power, prostitutes and alcohol-fuelled orgies: Film loosely based on downfall of  ...
t Apple Seen Making Smart Home Move at WWDC
e Kids Cover Pharrell's 'Happy' & Bring Joyous Moment to Their Bleak City
t Not the best way to sell a smartphone
e TV Weekend: Mad Men midseason finale dark, uncertain
e Local Religion Briefs
e VOICE VIEWS: Kristen Merlin, Tess Boyer, Dani Moz advance on The Voice
e George Clooney Calls “Daily Mail” Report 'Fabricated' and Irresponsible
m Kids Are Being Given Codeine in the ER Regardless Of the Risks
e Joan Rivers Refuses To Apologize For Her Latest Offensive Joke! Is She Right  ...
t Tesco Hudl smartphone and Hudl 2 tablet to launch in 2014
b Boycott iPhones before Whoppers if tax maneuvers are upsetting
m Drunk-driving deaths under-reported in US
m American parents stretch standards, more see overweight kids as healthy
b Last Minute Tax Filing Tips
e Amazon Prime Adds Music Streaming Service
t Nexus 8 Tablet Release Date 2014, Rumors: Codename Allegedly Sighted  ...
m Exact Sciences' Colon Cancer Test at Home Finds More Tumors (1)
b Brent hovers near $107.50 ahead of US data
e The 'Game of Thrones' Author Has One Thing to Say to the Haters Out There
e Rapper Andre Johnson's failed penis reattachment: What went wrong?
b Apple's Eddy Cue explains the 'no-brainer' $3 billion deal to buy Beats
e Archie Comics Releases All-Star Series of Variant Covers, Weirdly They're To  ...
e Kevin Costner through the years
e Jackson's wealth continues to grow
e Actress Drew Barrymore's half-sister found dead in National City
e New 'Game of Thrones' Trailer Gives Love to a 'Hateful Woman'
t Games Inbox: Advanced Warfare multiplayer, Mario Kart 8, and Spider-Man games
m 1st US MERS patient could leave hospital soon
e Arie Luyendyk Jr. Announces He's Not Bachelor 2015, Confirms It's Chris Soules
e “The Voice” Recap: Usher Gets 'Brave' With His Final Steal
t Report: Apple to Reveal 'Smart Home' Software at WWDC
b NTSB: Asian plane crash due to pilot mismanagement - WFSB 3 Connecticut
b Zebra Tech to buy Motorola Solutions' enterprise business
e Drew Barrymore - Drew Barrymore welcomes baby girl
e It's an acting role
m AIDS deaths fall by third – United Nations
b US stocks end higher following upbeat earning reports
t IBM Agrees Deal With Apple To Develop iOS Apps And Sell iPhones And iPads
e Why 'X-Men' and 'Avengers' sequel share a superhero
m US Lawmakers Push for Passage of Mental Illness Laws After Santa Barbara  ...
m Deepak L. Bhatt, MD, MPH offers investigator insight on SYMPLICITY HTN-3
e The Shield Actor Michael Jace Pleads Not Guilty to Murder in Wife's Shooting
b Drought Forces Salmon Migration By Truck
e Justin Bieber Posts Then Deletes Steamy Dance Videos With Selena Gomez
e Fireworks in town: Safety key to having a fun Fourth of July
e Can 'Divergent' Succeed Where 'Beautiful Creatures' And 'Mortal Instruments  ...
b China says paying "great attention" to Japan arms export change
t Japan to resume reduced whale hunt next week
t 4 Ways Google Can Help Indie Android App Developers Get Noticed
t Apple files motion protesting Samsung assertion that Apple doesn't practice  ...
e 'McHale's Navy' actor dead at 89
m Watch this baby gorilla see Mom for the first time since birth
m Dove Ad Tricks Women Into Feeling Beautiful
t Mark your calendars! Samsung Galaxy S5 pre-orders go live on March 24, on  ...
e Trailer Weekly: 'Sex Tape,' 'The Purge: Anarchy,' and 'Planes: Fire and Rescue'
t Contrarian Elon Musk Goes All Open Source with Tesla, Promises Not to Sue  ...
b More than half of uninsured don't know health care law deadline is looming
t Toyota To Pay $1.2B To NHTSA Over Defective Accelerator Pedals
t Distant new dwarf planet could betray a “super-Earth” beyond Pluto
e 'Game Of Thrones' Season 4 Episode 6 Recap: 'The Laws Of Gods And Men'
t Dinosaurs shrank continually into birds
e Selena Gomez Kicked Out of Parents' Home for Alleged Drinking Problem, Justin  ...
b BOE gearing up to rein in UK housing market
m Giant walk-through colon helps encourage screenings for National Colorectal  ...
b Airliner believed shot down over Ukraine
b Target would like you to keep your guns at home, please
m Report: For third year, Whatcom County is fifth healthiest county in the state
e Hollywood knight: Angelina Jolie honored by Queen Elizabeth II
e Huddersfield expert Bernard Gallagher warns of need for more awareness over  ...
m Fist-Bumps Are Healthier Than Handshakes, Suggests Laid-Back Study
e Have a seat, Ice Cube
t Inverted world as jury finishes Samsung versus Apple case
t NASA TV to Air Space Station Russian Spacewalk
t BlackBerry Goes Green Thanks To Smaller Than Anticipated Loss
t Slashdot: Obama Says He May Or May Not Let the NSA Exploit the Next  ...
b Review: Fed cuts bond buying, still wary about labor mkts
t With Google Fiber on the horizon, Portland weighs process for placement of  ...
m Worker exposes thousands to hepatitis A
b Activists predict biggest protest in decade
b European Stocks Slide on Ukraine Tensions
e Emma Appleton Indecent Proposal: Fashion Photographer Terry Richardson  ...
t Microsoft warns of Internet Explorer security problem
t Fan TV coming to Time Warner Cable in first national rollout
b Metso confirms Weir Group's merger approach
t 'No standstill in global warming'
b Channel Tunnel Chaos As Train Breaks Down Between France And England
t Titanfall has 840mb day one update
b Forex - Euro sinks against yen, sterling
t Microsoft issues warning to consumers over a weakness in Internet Explorer  ...
e Brosnan's flick 'is not enough' for US critics
b The GOP Has a New Health Plan—and It Sounds Exactly Like...
b After Close Call, FAA Changes Newark Procedures
t Analysts Raised BlackBerry Ltd's (NASDAQ:BBRY) Valuation Range on  ...
b Malaysia Airlines begins strategic review following tragedies
b Eurozone inflation stable at 0.5%
e Everything You Need To Know About 'The Other Woman'
b Amazon Unveils Its 3D Fire Smartphone
b Burger King Worldwide Inc (BKW) & Tim Hortons Inc. (USA) (THI) In Talks Over  ...
e Star Wars Spin-Off to be Made, UK Chancellor Meets R2-D2 on Episode VII Set
t Watch: How to solve the Rubik's Cube 40th anniversary Google Doodle!
t Virtual galaxy dazzles passers-by in south London
b Messaging Mania: Inside Tango's Huge Funding
b New Job Creation Spurs Sales of Sales of Newly-Built Homes to Six-Year High
t Aereo's likely destruction makes me sad
m Minnesota bans antibacterial soap ingredient
t Bing Smart Search now offers Windows Store app suggestions
b PRECIOUS-Gold dives more than 2 pct as selling hits precious metals
m Deaf Joanne Milne's Heartbreaking Moment When She Hears for the First Time
e Game of Thrones movie could end hit HBO series
e This Sydney Band Just Had The Biggest Aussie Debut On The US Charts Ever
b Corn, wheat futures fall ahead of USDA report
t Galaxy S5 Mini Should Launch In The Middle Of July
e Keeping up with Kendall Jenner at the Met Ball; so do Kim, Kanye
t AAA: RI gas prices drop by a penny
b Walgreen fiscal 2nd quarter profit drops less than 1%
e Netanyahu sends condolences to families of Kansas Jewish center shootings
e 07/07/2014Paris fashion takes flight with Christian Dior
e Khloe, Kendall & Kylie Compete in Most Ridiculous Contest Ever
e Now There's a College Class on Miley Cyrus, Too
t Snapchat settles with feds over deception Charges
m Twitter Tuesday: Measles' comeback, stillborn murder charges, experimental  ...
e Ray J Gives Kim Kardashian Porn Profits From Sex Tape as Wedding Gift
m Panda fakes pregnancy for extra food
e Downton Abbey's Michelle Dockery's completes the ALS Ice Bucket challenge
t Iran: Mark Zuckerberg Needs to Answer Privacy Complaints in Court
e Obama at 9/11 museum: 'Nothing can break us'
e Casey Kasem, legendary radio broadcaster, dies: publicist
e ​Chris Rock Interviews White People at a Monster Truck Rally About BET
t Sony hit by cyber attack, bomb threat
b The Old Lady puts on a brave new face
e Selena Gomez, Justin Bieber spotted getting cozy at Coachella
e Divergent Opens with a Cool $56 Million, Will Get the Franchise Works
t Joanna Krupa threatens cheerleader Kendall Jones: 'Real Housewives of Miami'
e More Female Roles Revealed In Star Wars VII?
t Health Alert: Full moon anxiety
t GM recalls 824000 more cars over ignition problem
b Ukraine Tension Spooks Investors in Europe -- Update
e Macaulay Culkin's pizza-themed band was booed off stage
m Sarepta's DMD drug Eteplirsen gets lifeline by FDA
b We Read It So You Don't Have To: 12 Beige Book Gems
e National briefs
b Medicare Agency Says Payments to Insurers Will Rise in 2015
b Carney effect takes hold as central banks seek global insight
b Urban Outfitters Price Target Cut to $48.00 (URBN)
b Former Bush official calls for carbon tax
t Ignore Tesla earnings and listen for these 3 things instead
b Tax-day freebies and deals
e Heidi Klum Teaches Jimmy Fallon the Sexy 'German Roll'
t World's Largest Dinosaur Discovered in Argentina
b Ivory Coast surrenders youth leader to ICC
e Legendary Actress Ruby Dee Dies at 91
e It happened: Kim Kardashian scores 'Vogue' cover
t #FirstTweet tool helps users relive Twitter debut
b Squirrel blamed for $300K in center damage
e Lady Gaga gets naked and does sexy stuff in video for new single GUY
b French government agrees to buy 20% stake in power-to-rail company Alstom  ...
e 'The Voice' Coach Adam Levine on Women's Clothing; Shakira Talks  ...
e No love for Expanded Universe in new 'Star Wars' films
e Lindsay Lohan Sues Makers Of GTA V For Allegedly Using Her Likeness
t 'Francis' shares his thoughts on Twitch purchase (Video)
b Breakup likely for Energy Future Holdings in bankruptcy
b UniCredit posts record €15 billion loss on bad loans, goodwill writedown
b US Navy To Begin Electromagnetic Railgun Testing In 2016
t Marketing Expert Ivy Ross Was Just What Google Glass Needed
e ORPHAN BLACK New Season Sneak Peek
e Garth Brooks preparing to divert ship containing the stage for Croke Park  ...
e Demi Lovato Gets Colorful And Confident As 'Seventeen' Magazine's Guest Editor
e Miley Cyrus Sends Homeless Youth to Accept VMA Moonman on Her Behalf
e Chris Martin's father: 'My son is still great mates with Gwyneth Paltrow'
b GoPro Goes Public: Here's What You Ought To Know
e No Cock No Clan—Wu-Tang Slams Report Rapper Who Cut Off Penis Was  ...
b Friday's, Red Lobster: Casual dining for sale
b A Brief, Delicious History Of The Great Cupcake Takeover
e Grapevine
b Indians place OF Morgan on 15-day DL
e Latest: Garth Brooks issues ultimatum over cancelled gigs
b JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses  ...
t Report: Deal between Sprint, T-Mobile is on pause
b Missouri House panel considers marijuana legalization
t Cygnus brings science equipment, fresh fruit to ISS astronauts
b Amazon now lets you shop from Twitter with #AmazonCart
t Jeff Renner remembers Mount St. Helens eruption
t GM Recall: 10 Things You Need To Know
b U.S. markets retreat for second day
t Business briefs: Verizon: XLTE should add capacity, speed in Columbus
e Lee Marshall, voice actor for Tony the Tiger, dies in California at 64
b Exercising Your Right to Choose a Doctor You'd Never Choose
t Facebook giving smartphone app an ear for music
t Android 4.4.2 KitKat Update for Samsung Galaxy S4, S3, Note 2, and Note 3  ...
e Health Club Ad Makes Fun of Kimye Wedding
e Rolf Harris guilty of sex crimes: Shocked celebrity reaction
e 411 Box Office Report: Noah Floods Box Office For #1
m Quarter of prostate cancer patients may abandon 'watchful waiting' approach
m America Does Not Really Have a Big Aging Problem
b Global oil prices rise on escalating Iraq violence
e MTV Awards Best Dressed
b Health care Web woes return
m Foster Farms Recalls Chicken Over Risk of Salmonella
e CJ Harris – Can't You See – American Idol 2014 Top 11 Live Show
b Gold Ticks Higher as Traders Digest Yellen Comments
b India-Born Rajeev Suri is New Nokia CEO
t 2pm LIVE STREAM: GM Exec Testifies About Ignition Issue
t With Debut of Nokia X2, Microsoft Extends Its Android Bet
e A 'Mrs. Doubtfire' Sequel Is Reportedly In the Works: Awesome or Outdated?
b U.S., China to hold ministerial meeting on July 9-10
t WWE Reports 2014 Second Quarter Results
b IMF Offers Ukraine Loans to Stem Economic Collapse
b Sycamore Seeks to Acquire Express After Buying Stake of 9.9%
t IPCC report - fossil-fuel extraction needs to stop now!
m West African nations should be prepared for Ebola—WHO expert
t General Motors Recalls 60000 Saturns For Gear Shift Problem
e Cameron Diaz Talks "Betrayal": I've Been Cheated On
e Japan, North Korea to hold talks next week on probe into abductions
m What Makes Dark Chocolate Healthy?
t Tech Companies Are Reading Your Email. Do You Care?
m UofL students, staff participate in Relay for Life on Good Friday
t Comcast nears deal with Charter on $18-$20 bln in divestitures -source
e Avoid eye injuries during 4th of July festivities
t Security flaw in Internet Explorer affecting millions of users
t California approves self-driving cars by 2015
b €1bn wiped from value of Candy Crush company
e The Voice 2014 Season 6 Live Shows: Top 10 Live Recap ( VIDEO)
e Justin Bieber still could face charges in egg-throwing case
e The Graham Norton Show on BBC1 tonight with Zac Efron, Seth Rogen, Friends  ...
b Oklahoma attorney general praises US Supreme Court ruling to limit EPA  ...
e Jessica Alba on Nude Scenes: 'I Don't Want My Grandparents to See My Boobs'
t Apple Preps Jumbo iPad
b Facebook execs get another big payday
b GM Recalls Another 2.4M Cars, Doubles 2Q Charge
e 'Great to be back' says fully healed McCartney
t Earth Hour marked in Delhi
e Garth Brooks cancels concerts at Dublin's Croke Park after complaints
b Lindt Buying US Candy Maker Russell Stover
e Spider-Man Parkour Video Shows Amazing Stunts
b Lenovo yearly profits jump by 29 per cent
m Ebola kills Sierra Leone doctor fighting it
t Google makes a deal with Luxottica to make Google Glass cooler
e Gwen Stefani officially joins The Voice on NBC
t Apple, IBM to Develop IPhone Applications for Business Users
t U.S., E.U., Officials Crack Down on Blackshades Cyber-Crime Ring
e Bob Dylan's Like a Rolling Stone sets record
b Swiss chocolate maker buys KC-based Russell Stover
t Buzz Aldrin Visits Space.com Monday for Apollo 11 Google Hangout
b Stocks fall at the opening bell
b Online retailer Flipkart fully acquires Myntra, deal valued at about Rs 2000 crore
b US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St ends down; S&P has worst week since 2012
t Netflix Makes the Leap to Cable TV
e Oprah Winfrey says farewell to Barbara Walters: 'You're the reason I wanted to  ...
b US stocks open higher; Dow rises 11 points
t It's net neutrality Jim, but not as we know it
e 'Grease' Live: Fox Announces 3-Hour TV Musical for 2015
t WHO states most world cities have unsafe levels of air pollution in 2014
t Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella Says Weve Entered The Post-Post-PC Era
b Gas prices on rise with conflict in Iraq
m Liberian football halted due to Ebola fears
t New UN warning on climate change
e 5 Signs that Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez are Back Together
m Gay Dads' Brain Activity Pattern Resembles Both New Mothers And Fathers  ...
e Latest trailer for Maleficent debuts the dragon
t Partners Say Apple Home Automation Software Platform Will Take Time To Take  ...
b Popular sandwich chain files for bankruptcy
b Video captures heart-stopping Barcelona airport near-miss
e The Voice Season 6 Finale Date, Start Time, Contestants, Preview (Partial  ...
b Adobe Surges To Record High As Photoshop's Cloud Transition Speeds Up
e Jessica Simpson Shows off Her Fierce Body in Amazing Swimsuit Photo: See  ...
b Nasdaq set for worst weekly loss in four
e Coachella 2014: our guide to California's Glastonbury
b US vulture fund ruling pushes Argentina towards second bankruptcy
e Cinco de Mayo: Obama uses holiday to push immigration reform
e Northstar rapper cuts off penis, jumps off...
b European stocks remain lower in cautious trade; Dax down 0.26%
m OTC Weight Loss Pills Recalled Due to Tampering
b Japan trade deficit quadruples on-year in March to US$14b
m Health Alert: Iodine Critical for Brain Development in Children
b Latest ONS House Price Index reveals strong growth in UK house price inflation
t Apple: iPhone Drove Fiscal Q2 Results
e A History of Hilary Duff's Underwhelming Music Career
t GS News Top 5 - Titanfall “game changing”; What's up with Watch Dogs?
e E! says buh-bye to Chelsea Handler four months early
b Taco Bell Menu: Waffle Taco, A.M. Crunchwrap Among New Choices (VIDEO)
t The Xbox One's May Update is Now Live
e Adam Levine Dyes His Hair Platinum Blond
t AOL announces security breach
b Banks Cry Foul at New Hungary Debt Relief Plan
e Mad Men Recap: The Mechanized Hum of Another World
t Tablets Will Overtake PC Sales Next Year
b Alcoa's profit margin convinces Wall Street the 'transformation' is working
t Microsoft says to cut up to 18000 jobs
e Sandra Bullock Faced Stalker Joshua Corbett During Burglary
e Top 5 Ways to Celebrate Cinco de Mayo Today
e Fired NY Times editor Abramson breaks silence with college event
t 16GB iPod Touch With Rear-Facing Camera Rumored For Next Week
b Home Loans: Mortgage Rates at TD Bank, PNC Bank Apr 17
m Prepare for the Allergy Season by Controlling Air Purity on Your Terms
t Cable companies push into the mobile apps business
e Kim Kardashian returns to LA
b New 'Proud' Whopper is Like All Other Whoppers, That's the Point
e Denzel Washington is The Equalizer in the First Trailer
t The Creator Of Flappy Bird Explains Why It's So Easy To Clone His Game
m Rock beats paper: Study says fist bumps spread fewer bacteria than handshakes  ...
b Companies boosted payrolls by 218000, ADP reports
b State Unions Plan to Negotiate for Competitive Pay
e 'Scandal' clothing line by Kerry Washington debuting this fall
e Photo appears of Catherine's bottom
t Facebook app says when pals are close
e KISS bandmates were anti-Semitic, claims Paul Stanley
e Led Zeppelin sued over lifting riff for 'Stairway to Heaven'
b Will Pinocchio be controlled by a drone after Disney proposal?
b Tesla takes hit amid crossover plans
e Audiences ready to marvel at 'Guardians of the Galaxy'
t Why Did Google Buy Songza? Probably Not Because of Beats Music
e Sir Mick Jagger pays tribute to L'Wren Scott
b BG to sell its stake in CATS pipeline in North Sea
t Zeus - a triumph or a time to panic?
m Young mouse blood may be the key to the fountain of youth, Report
m Researchers analyze existing cohort studies and randomized trials on coronary  ...
e 'How to Train Your Dragon 2' is overly busy but emotionally powerful
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West cover Vogue: 'This is such a dream come true'
e (click the phrases to see a list)
m 200 percent jump in deadly skin cancer cases reported
e Who Got Eliminated On Dancing with the Stars 2014 Last Night? Week 7
e Prince George And Kate Middleton's First Father's Day With Prince William  ...
b Alstom considers GE's bid to acquire energy business
e 'Girl Meets World' first official trailer released: See it here
e Jessica Chastain won't be in season 2 of 'True Detective,' unfortunately
m CDC Chief Faces US Lawmakers and Congress over Flu, Anthrax Goof Ups
e FOX 11 Archives: Death Of The King Of Pop
m This kid is fat (according to the City of New York)
b Lockheed Martin wins space radar contract
e Emma Stone Will Have You Believing in Woody Allen's 'Magic' Trailer
e Aaron Murray's brother wins The Bachelorette
m Sweet smell of success: Human nose discerns giant array of odours
e Julia Roberts: Half-Sister's Death Was "Heartbreaking"
b Manufacturing PMI edges up to 51.4 in May
e 'Godfather of House' dies aged 59
b Exxon Is Behind The Landmark Climate Report You Didn't Hear About Yesterday
e First Video Emerges of JJ Abrams on Set of 'Star Wars: Episode VII'
m Aspirin cuts pancreatic cancer risk by half
t Video: HTC One (M8) Dot View Case Hands-on
b Morgan Stanley to allow more brokers to tweet
b Mitsubishi sweetens Alstom deal with 10pc buy-in
t 'My house is on fire m8 lol' ... 911 texting tested in the US
b Alibaba to list on NYSE with symbol "BABA"
e Gates open at Wireless Festival in Birmingham
e Emma Watson struggled with weighted baby bump prosthetic in Noah
e Stacy Keibler surprises wedding guests
e Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin split: GOOP has never seen so much action  ...
e Beyonce Silences Divorce Rumors With Tearful Jay Z, Blue Ivy Moment
e MTV Movie Awards: 7 moments to watch out for during tonight's show
e Justin Bieber Won Selena Gomez Back With $10000 Worth Of Flowers  ...
b Compromise Eyed on Uber Lyft 'Ride Sharing' Services
b Mortgage Rates at PNC, BMO Harris Bank Unchanged Sunday Jun 29, 2014
b Fresh objects spotted in MH370 search
m World's Mothers Report launched: Pakistan toughest place for mother in South  ...
t Xbox One Getting External Hard Drive Support In June Update
b New CBO report projects costs of health care program to dip slightly | The Republic
t Parrot's smartphone-controlled drone
b ConAgra Foods Downgraded to "Hold" at KeyCorp (CAG)
b Yellen Expects Fed to Reiterate Plan to Reduce Balance Sheet
t Consortium wants to standardize Internet of Things
e Unsafe speed caused Paul Walker car crash, investigators say
e Sofia Vergara Says Joe Manganiello Is "Too Hot," "Too Sexy" for Emmys 2014  ...
e Justin Bieber Recorded Tom Hanks Dancing to "This Is How We Do It"
e Status quo toward women persists at Comic-Con despite increased attention on  ...
e Paul McCartney Performs Again after Hospitalization
e Duke Porn Star Belle Knox Calls Sherri Shepherd "Incredibly Condescending"
t Latest installment of Apple-Samsung patent dispute kicks off with jury selection
e THE HUNGER GAMES: MOCKINGJAY – PART 1 Trailer
b Strong Exports Sees NZD/USD Up At 0.8780
e Miley Cyrus stays sober and off the fags on tour
m Adding alcohol to energy drinks leads to an increased urge to drink
b US employers extended their solid hiring into July by adding 209000 jobs.
b US stocks stocky
e 'Extant:' Read what others are writing about the new CBS sci-fi drama
e Brooks Wheelan: Fired (Already) from Saturday Night Live!
b Quiet Though Nervous Start To The Week
t Ouster of Mozilla CEO a 'silencing of dissent,' says lawmaker
b The Dow Jones industrial average crossed 17000 for the first time ever on  ...
t Samsung Galaxy S5 – More Efficient Display Compared to Galaxy S4
t Sony debuts on Google Play with its standalone Background Defocus app
b Slowdown in MF Starts Skews May Numbers
e Eliza Dushku, Rick Fox Split After Five Years of Dating
e Aereo: Supreme Court justices weigh merits of Internet TV
e Kendall Jenner really wants you to know she's not wearing any underpants
e 'Neighbors' Unseats 'Amazing Spider-Man 2' From Box Office Throne
e The Brady Bunch stars mourn loss of Ann B. Davis
e Nicki Minaj: Wardrobe malfunction at the MTV VMAS may have been staged
e Twitter #FAIL: US Airways Responds To Complaint With Photo Of A Woman In  ...
e Girls Star Allison Williams Is Headed to Neverland!
b Oklahoma Quakes, Numbering More than California, Blamed on Oil Wells
e Let's re-examine our beliefs on hunting
e Jay Z, Beyonce Release Pseudo-Movie Trailer for 'On The Run' Tour [WATCH  ...
b Sbarro again files for Ch. 11 reorganization
t Expect to see a blue dinosaur on your Facebook feed
t Coolest Cooler For Next Summer? Kickstarter Campaign Hits $4 million
e Pre-wedding workout? Kim Kardashian and Kanye West spotted leaving luxury  ...
e Selena Gomez Fired Her Parents After Justin Bieber's Ultimatum: "It's Them or Me"
t MIT Researchers Transform Ecoli Bacteria into Futuristic Material Factory
e 'Peeps' movie is in the works
b 10 key facts about corporate inversions
m Are Teens Using Burt's Bees To Get High?
b US reaches out to Modi government, India says cyber snooping unacceptable  ...
e Weird Al Yankovic gives Robin Thicke's 'Blurred Lines' a 'non-rapey' parody with  ...
t Creator of 'Flappy Bird' online game may revive it with addiction advisory
b Unemployment Rate Rises
e Box Office Predictions: Will 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' Become the First  ...
t Microsoft Fights Order To Disclose E-mail Stored Abroad
t Mobile flaw hits most Android devices
b Alcatel-Lucent Upgrades Apollo Subsea Cable
b BofA Home Lending Grows, Mortgage Losses Continue
e What is Easter All About?
b Inflation's Up, Spending's Down
t Gas Prices Surge to Eight-Month High
m Lottery winner will donate £750000 to cancer charity
e Stop saying you're pregnant: Mila Kunis to men
m US News & World Report ranks KU Hospital in 12 specialties
e The Brady Bunch's Alice Has Died at 88
t More Mobile Big Data Analytics Coming with Apple-IBM Deal
e Ben Affleck, Jennifer Garner Break Up: Actress Goes On A Trip Without Her  ...
b How is the price of gold set?
e Amy Adams trades first class plane ticket for soldier's coach seat
b Michaels Security Breach Affected 3 Million Card Holders
b Archer Daniels Acquires WILD Flavors For $3.1 Billion In Cash
t Comet C/2013 getting too close to Mars may endanger spaceships
t Censorship concerns rise as Google begins removing articles under 'right to be  ...
e I was gang-raped, abused, molested as a child: Pamela Anderson reveals at  ...
m Group applauds Hickenlooper for signing rural broadband bill
b LinkedIn revenue rises 47 percent
m FDA creates controversy, says not everyone should take asprin to prevent heart  ...
e 'Winter Soldier' delivers
b Iraq concerns lift top-rated euro zone bonds but Fed limits gains
m Ebola outbreak accelerates as death toll tops 1550 - WHO
e 'Noah' Movie Review – Asking the Tough Questions
b Sun Pharma to buy Ranbaxy in $3.2 bn deal
e KEEPING UP WITH THE KARDASHIANS: KIMYE'S WEDDING DAY IS HERE!
t T-Mobile Says Q2 Was a Winner and There's Still More to Come
t Why Oculus bought by Facebook for $2 Billion is important.
b Adobe Updates Encourage Use in K-12 Classrooms
m Report ranks Bay below average for health
e Jay-Z and Beyonce to team up for summer tour?
t FCC Teeing Up Spectrum Screen Item
b FAA: US passenger jet nearly collided with drone in March
t Samsung Galaxy S5: Two New Variants Appear!
e Stars gather for Peaches Geldof funeral
e Gwyneth Paltrow To Take A Break From Acting After Split From Chris Martin
m Governor, health officials to provide MERS update Monday morning
b Feds Helping Investigate PF Chang's Security Breach
b Hillshire Brands Co (NYSE:HSH) is stealing the show today: Aeropostale Inc  ...
e Scientists Find Another Old Picasso Hidden Under a Different Picasso Painting
b EasyJet Narrows Loss on Business-Travel Allure, Mild Winter (1)
m UN investigator says unhealthy food taxes vital to fight obesity
b Probe determines safety violations by Southwest Airlines; FAA proposes fine
e Alicia Keys Is Pregnant, Posts Instagram Photo With Husband Swizz Beatz  ...
t Thurrock "named and shamed" by WHO over pollution stats
b After Malaysia Crash, Satellite Company Offers To Track Every Commercial Flight
e Jimmy Fallon Forms Human Wheel with Heidi Klum, Likely Looks Up Model's  ...
e Kate Middleton Bare Bum Butt Exposure Intentional - No Underwear Accidentally  ...
e Amazon & HBO Strike A Groundbreaking New Deal
t Lenovo shows off 2 Chromebook iterations - N20 and N20p
e Jay Z, Fun, Tiësto And Carrie Underwood Are Headlining A Major Show
b Site of former Houma shipyard added to national hazardous waste list
e Karrueche Tran and BET Apologize for Blue Ivy Joke
t Facebook's Snapchat Competitor Slingshot Officially Launches On App Store
m Salmonella found in health food powder sickens 21 in US
b Time Warner picks a date for its spin-off of Time Inc. – May 23
b Markit Manufacturing Index in US Increases to 57.5 From 56.4
e The Star-Studded Trailer For 'This Is Where I Leave You' Is Here
b Target adopts no-gun policy
e Peter Mayhew Returns As Chewbacca in 'Star Wars Episode VII'
t Google's Driverless Cars are Becoming Urbanites
b GOP struggles to land punches at ObamaCare insurance hearing
b Darden Sells Off Red Lobster
b #PreMarket Primer: Wednesday, April 23: Data From China Takes Some  ...
t Star Wars style 3D smartphone launched by Amazon
e FANTASTIC FOUR Reboot Eyes Toby Kebbell for Doctor Doom Role
b MtGox CEO Mark Karpeles reveals location of 200000 lost bitcoins
b IMF predicts sluggish economic growth for Egypt
b Intel's earnings drop in first quarter
t Obama spooked by lifelike robots during tour of Japan innovation museum
e Trina, French Montana Girlfriend, Abandoned For Khloe Kardashian
e Brody Jenner Snubs Kim Kardashian And Kanye West Wedding! Why 'KUWTK  ...
t Hackers ransom Domino's customer data (including favourite toppings) for €30000
e Putting a new spin on old vinyl
b WATCH: Shocking moment pilot averts disaster as another plane appears on  ...
t iFixit teardown shows Samsung Galaxy S5 is harder to repair than iPhone 5s  ...
t Despite strong sales of Mario Kart 8, Nintendo marks an unexpected $100M loss  ...
t T-Mobile Challenges Verizon, AT&T, Sprint to 'Abolish' Overage Fees
t GoPro Debuts Its First Dedicated Dog Mount
b Stock Bounce Does Little To Alleviate Concerns
b ECB preview: The balance is set to tilt to more easing
t Satya Nadella brings Office to Apple's iPad
e Meshach Taylor of "Designing Women" dies at 67
b Sea tensions rising
b Penney analyst on Q1: Things are better, but are they 'better' enough?
b King Digital Entertainment PLC (KING) is much more than just Candy Crush Saga
b George Osborne Will Get 'Hard-Nosed' With Pfizer Over AstraZeneca Takeover Bid
t Apple adds eight new automakers to CarPlay lineup
e Video: The Cast of Marvel Studios' Guardians of the Galaxy!
t Mexico loses Cadillac plant, Tennessee gains
b US Stock Futures Little Changed After Spending, Jobless Data
e Full Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Trailer Kicks Serious Shell
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Wedding Set For May 24
t Flappy Bird returning August with 'less addictive' gameplay
e NBC's 13 Ways to Hype Sister Company's Kinky 'Fifty Shades of Grey'
e Wiz Khalifa's Jail Selfie Spurs Police Investigation
t Nasa 'flying saucer' tests Mars tech
b Study: Wastewater Drilling Likely Earthquake Culprit
t Sony debuts "Project Morpheus" VR headset, is this the future of entertainment?
e Hire a Social Media Expert for Your Wedding
b 49ers QB Colin Kaepernick defends reputation after being named in Miami  ...
e Robin Williams pursues 12-step treatment
e She Likes To Party! Miley Cyrus Gets Tatted Up At A House Party (PHOTOS)
b Chapter 9 turns page in Detroit, but remains far from closed
e Orange Is The New Black Introduce Second Season Trailer
b Nasdaq Worst Day Since 2011, Biotech Plunges
e 'Community' May Well Come Back From the Dead — But It's a Success Story  ...
m Study: Fist Bumps Could Be Healthier For You
t BlackBerry Tumbles On Apple-IBM Deal
e Paul Walker's Fiery Car Crash Caused by Unsafe High-Speed Driving Not  ...
e Game Of Thrones quiz: How would you earn a living in Westeros?
b Jobless rates lowest in over decade
e 'Tammy' review, starring Melissa McCarthy and Susan Sarandon
t 'Magic Island' On Titan: New Object Appears In Second-Largest Sea Of Saturn's  ...
t FULL TEXT: Microsoft's Satya Nadella sends letter to 18000 employees over job  ...
b Ease the pain of paying taxes with these tax day specials
e Hillary Clinton, Oprah And Every Female Journalist Ever Surprise Barbara  ...
b Airbus wants to patent most uncomfortable plane seats ever
t Google Fit to rival Apple's HealtKit
e 'Noah': Russell Crowe's planned papal visit nixed
e Miley Cyrus still hospitalised, cancels second show
e Baftas 2014: Red Carpet Pictures From The British Academy Television Awards  ...
e Miley Cyrus 'spits at fans' at Bangerz concert
b Pending home sales decline again, is weather to blame?
t 'Cosmos' among new TV this week
e Robert Pattinson admits he's still in touch with Kristen Stewart
e Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Teaser Trailer: Heroes Aren't Born
e The Other Woman Brings New Twists to Chick Flicks
t iOS 7.1 update adds CarPlay support, improved Siri British voice
e Thor gets a comic book makeover as a woman
e Joan Rivers In Trouble For Joking About Ariel Castro's Victims
b Alcoa's quarterly earnings jump on lower costs
m New estimate: 1 in 25 hospital patients get an infection
e Miley Cyrus Gets Blonder Than Ever! Check Out Her New Locks HERE!
e Beyonce: Did She Diss Jay Z In Concert For Cheating? Watch
e Kendall And Kylie Jenner Hijack Kimye's Vogue Cover, Need Photoshop  ...
e Dancing With the Stars 2014: Meryl Davis and Maksim Chmerkovskiy's Week 1  ...
b Whiting Petroleum to acquire Kodiak Oil & Gas in all-stock transaction valued at  ...
t IE 0-day exploit actively used in attacks against US-based firms
b VW says no M&A projects on agenda, denies report on Fiat talks
b Jobless Claims At 2007-Low
e Read Kanye West's Pre-Wedding Speech About Kim Kardashian!
b Alcoa, Inc. (AA) Tops Q2 EPS by 6c; Widens Global Aluminum Deficit Outlook for  ...
t YouTube close to buying Twitch for US$1bn
e Director of Greg Allman movie 'Midnight Rider', 2 others indicted in Georgia train  ...
t Garmin Ltd. (GRMN) Launches viago Navigation App for Android, iOS
t Apple's Services iOS Developers With New App Store Analytics
e You'll want to stick around for the twist at the end of Weird Al's 'Royals' parody
e Mad Men takes off for final season with "Time Zones"
e Celebrity Buzz: Lindsay Lohan sues; Iggy Azalea talks Nicki Minaj
b Equity on the move: Sky Deutschland jumps 7% on Murdoch's move
e Macy's Fourth of July Fireworks 2014: Live Stream, NBC TV Start Time, NYC  ...
t Amarillo Gas Prices Fall, Still Up Year-To-Date
b Capital Economics: BoE will step in if boom spreads out of London
e RECAP: Game of Thrones Season 4 Premiere
b American Apparel dismisses Charney accusations
e Emily Blunt discovers new bravery as soldier in 'Edge of Tomorrow,' singer in  ...
t Flappy Bird dev confirms hit game will make a return to app stores
t Google I/O 2014: Grab a Lollipop, check your Wear, and prepare your TV
e Details of Kate Middleton's Sweet Interactions with Children of Addicted Parents
t With Infamous: Second Son, Sony Has A Console Selling Exclusive
e “Mad Men” finale recap: “The moon belongs to everyone”
b FTSE 100 watch: London-listed miners lead Footsie higher
e Drake Rips On Macklemore's Grammy Wins At The ESPYS In EPIC Song! But  ...
b Vetiva Griffin30 ETF Proposes Interim Dividend
t Kepler-10c : Scientists discover 'mega-Earth' with a density 17 times that of our  ...
t Watch Dogs promotion triggers bomb squad response to major publication
e Seth MacFarlane sued for stealing 'vulgar' Ted
e Zayn Malik and Louis Tomlinson caught 'smoking marijuana' on film
m Houston leads Texas doctors receiving top Medicare payments
e Bears: A little too warm and cuddly, but still watchable
t OneDrive storage gets a whole lot cheaper, with 1TB for Office 365 home  ...
e Bruce Springsteen Covers Van Halen's 'Jump' At Final Four Fest: Watch
t LG G Watch, Samsung Gear Live, Moto 360 unveiled: Meet the first Android  ...
b Home starts jump 13.2% in April as apartment construction soars
t Mozilla drops Firefox for Windows 8 Metro
t Jacques Cousteau's grandson returns to land after living in undersea lab for one  ...
b Huntington Bancshares (HBAN) Plans Dividend Hike, Buyback Following CCAR  ...
e Kendall Jenner Kylie Jenner Selena Gomez Instagram Feud: 'Keeping Up with  ...
e 5 Reasons Why 'The Bachelorette: After the Rose' Was the Most Awkward Thing  ...
e Johnny Depp confirms engagement to Amber Heard - and breaks the hearts of  ...
t Google sets sights beyond smartphones
e Selena Gomez 'Buys Sprawling $3 Million Property Minutes Away From Justin  ...
b Consumer Confidence Hits 6-Year High in March
t AMAZON LIVE: Fire Phone to serve as eyes and ears
e What Game of Thrones readers want in season 5
e 'The Bachelorette' 2014 spoilers: Letter Andi received spoiled before finale
b Pimco Total Return Fund had net outflows of $4.5 bln in June -Morningstar
e Rolling Stones highest grossing live act since 1990
t PlayStation network back online
t Update Samsung Galaxy S3 to Android 4.4.2 KitKat with C-RoM - How to
t ORCL, MCRS: Oracle to Buy Micros Systems for $5.3B
e '50 Shades Of Grey' Cast News: Dakota Johnson Shares Kisses With New  ...
t Samsung brings high end Galaxy S Tab series to India
e John Pinette From Hit Comedy Series Seinfeld Dies In Pittsburgh Hotel At The  ...
b Yen Rises to Three-Month High Versus Dollar on BOJ
b L.A. City Attorney Sues Time Warner Cable For $10 million
t Ultimate E3 2014 Preview: Nintendo's Plans to Save Wii U
b Alibaba earnings leap on cusp of stock market debut
b Bitcoin's Real Problem Isn't Mt. Gox
b Sikorsky Aircraft in Stratford awarded $1.2 billion contract for combat rescue  ...
m Inhaled Medication Afrezza Approved to Treat Diabetes
t Supreme Court Rejects Google Appeal In WiFi Snooping Case
b Fierce competition hits Vodafone profits
t Mozilla CEO resignation raises free-speech concerns in Silicon Valley
e No, 'Newman' From 'Seinfeld' Is Not Dead
e Andrew Garfield's Justin Timberlake impression on SNL was dead-on
e American Idol LIVE RECAP 5/20/14: Season 13 “Two Finalists Perform”
e Marvel Superhero Showdown
t Nest developer program opens, change your temperature via Google Now and  ...
b What the other papers say this morning - 13 May 2014
b Samsung faces falling profits as succession looms
b Plane owned by Utah bank seen at Iran airport
b New unemployment numbers for Fla. due out Monday
e Sir Elton John and David Furnish planning their wedding after gay marriage  ...
b Potential imminent threat from New Mexico nuclear waste, officials say
t Sony network hit by attack, exec's flight diverted
b BP share price: Group's refinery leaks oil into Lake Michigan
b Mexico plant woes hit Honda US sales
m 50 cruise ship passengers quarantined at sea
b ICP Asks UN about the Fed and IMF, Hong's Pro Yellen & Quota Reform
e Terry Crews Named as New Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? Host
b Fed in no rush to address its balance sheet; calls on Senate for fiscal restraint
b Uncertainty Could Impede Recovery Attempt
b Ford to replace CEO Mulally by end 2014
m Harsh winter has little impact on tick population
e Amazing Spider-Man #1: Special Edition Available for Download
t Crew of International Space Station offers best wishes for World Cup | The  ...
e Kim Kardashian On Church: 'The Family That Prays Together Stays Together'
t Rare Footage of Oarfish Swimming in Shallow Water Captured in Mexico [VIDEO]
e 'Little' Jimmy Scott, RIP
e Pandora Sued By Sony, Warner Over Copyright Infringement
b No, Warren Buffett is Not Buying Coca Cola
t Apple and Beats: Will Dr. Dre Really Become Hip Hop's First Billionaire Or Will  ...
e Interview: Stars of 'Amazing Spider-Man 2'
e Floyd Mayweather JR. Reveals Las Vegas Brawl Started Due To T.I.'s Jealousy
b Dollar holds up ahead of US Federal Reserve minutes release
b Wash. issues first pot shop license
e Idris Elba's girlfriend Nayiana Garth gives birth to child
e X-Men: Days of Future Past dominates holiday box office with $111M
b LIRR contract negotiations resume
b Cottage Cheese Recall Alert
b Whole Foods Q3 Earnings Report: Chain's Slide Continues With Lower-Than  ...
b World Bank trims Asia 2014 growth forecasts
b Indian drug maker Sun to buy troubled peer Ranbaxy for $4.0 bln
e Wireless 2014: Fans Express Outrage After Drake Cancels Headline Show
t Price At The Pump Heads Up
t How the Heartbleed Bug Performs Its Nefarious Activities
t Moto E Announced In India; To Go On Sale At Mid-Night For Rs 7000
m Saudi Arabia sacks minister criticised over handling of MERS
b Europe midday: Stocks fall on Eurozone PMIs, Crimea crisis
b Pinterest Valued at $5 Billion Because Mason Jar Crafts Have Huge Growth  ...
b What The Market Basket Protests Mean For The Future Of Labor Unions
e Naomi Campbell reacts to Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's Vogue cover
m Flu vaccination reduces life-threatening flu illness by 74 percent
e Amazon touts Prime streaming surge; Microsoft, Yahoo eye market
t We Need a National Change Your Passwords Day
t Apple (Nasdaq: AAPL) Knows Why Its Buying Beats – Even If No One Else Does
b Monday is last day to sign up for health insurance
e Church to present special Maundy Thursday play
e Seth Rogen celebrates 4/20 with James Franco on 'SNL'
b Experts Say Gas Prices Could Be Falling Soon
b New York attorney general sues Barclays over stock-trading
t Office goes iPad: Microsoft Word, Excel, and Powerpoint finally available on iOS
e Orlando Bloom Wants Flynn to be Educated in England
b FAA Suggests Southwest Pay $12 Million Fine Over Jet Repairs
t Movie reviews: 'The Internet's Own Boy: The Story of Aaron Swartz' and films on  ...
e Ben Affleck Busted for Las Vegas Hard Rock Card-Counting
t Rick Hendrick Auctions Off First Production 2014 Camaro Z/28 For $500K At  ...
b White House Attacks Heat-Trapping Methane, Second Biggest Climate Pollutant
b Drugs firm Shire stands up to proposed £27bn takeover bid by US rival AbbVie
e Kanye West's 'New Testament' Documentary Surfaces: Watch
e Zac Efron Attacked in Skid Row Area of Los Angeles
b Watch Warren Buffett Help A Couple Get Engaged At His Annual Shareholders  ...
b Obama Considers New Climate Regulations For Oil, Gas Sector
m PD Editorial: Cities should follow county on e-cigarettes
b Coldwater Creek closes all Houston-area shops
m Call for Vigilance After First Ebola Death in Sierra Leone
b Are Lower Food Prices Coming?
t Parent gabfest Mumsnet hit by SSL bug: My heart bleeds, grins hacker
t The Future of Football From the Couch: A Look at Virtual Reality
t Have we reached peak dinosaur?
t ​Microsoft flips switch on new webmail encryption
b Osborne says would back Pfizer-AstraZeneca deal if it delivers jobs
t Google shoots back at Glass haters
t Report: iWatch Expected at Sept. 9 iPhone Event
b State AGs Eye Comcast-Time Warner Deal
m Dad's heartbreaking Internet plea spurs strangers
b 5-Hour Energy sued over ad claims
e Kim Kardashian hints video game with exciting sneak peak at new project
t Cord cutters might be the biggest losers in the AT&T-DirecTV merger
t Canadians could get glimpse of new meteor shower: NASA
m After Long Search, Scientists Find Protein That Lets Sperm And Egg Hook Up  ...
e WNYC Audio Tour of the 9/11 Memorial Museum
b Citigroup to pay US$7b in sub-prime mortgage probe
t NASA discovers first earth-sized planet in habitable zone
b Passenger jets in near miss at Barcelona airport
b Philly rail service resumes after Obama intervenes
e Oscar winner Ron Howard to make...
t 7 Reasons Why Buying Beats Is a Bad Idea…
e 'Dorothy's Return': The girl should have stayed in Kansas
e THE AMAZING SPIDER-MAN 2 - AT THE MOVIES WITH KASEY BUTCHER
b Google profits grow, but short of expectations
t Microsoft Ups the Ante for Buying a New PC to Rid the World of Windows XP
t Google Play edition HTC One listed as coming soon for $699
e It's Morphin' Time! New 'Power Rangers' Movie Announced
m Mental illness shortens life expectancy more than smoking
b Who's an "average" taxpayer?
t iPhone users hit by 'ransomware' type attack
b IMF raises Philippine growth forecast to 6.5 percent
t Thermoelectric generator on glass fabric for wearable electronic devices
e Dean McDermott didn't get enough sex from Tori Spelling
t Red Hat unveils 'Project Atomic' to rule container-loaded servers #RHSummit
t Unexplained Light Seen in Images of Mars Surface
e STAR WARS release first official image from the set!
e Elliott leaving ABC for NBC Sports
e Smithsonian Honoring Ralph Lauren For Fashion, Flag
t Google announces one-day Google Glass sale
b CURRENCIES: Euro Drops; Draghi Is 'comfortable' Easing In June
b Alfa Romeo to introduce eight new cars by 2018
m Ebola outbreak in Guinea unprecedented, medical charity says
t UN blames warming earth for extreme weather in 2013
b Lorillard Blu Europe E-Cigarette Push Offers Competition for BAT
e Kim and Kanye's Wedding Pictures Are Actually Really Sweet
e Avril Lavigne releases 'Hello Kitty' video
e Katie Couric Tied The Knot This Weekend
t Net Neutrality Is The 'Free Speech Issue Of Our Time,' Says Senator Al Franken  ...
b If Income Inequality Is Caused By The Lack Of Wealth, Then Help Workers  ...
b BNP Paribas Sanctions Violation $10bn Fine is the US Protecting Its  ...
e Easter services and events
t Increased Ocean Acidity Puts Alaska Fisheries At Risk, Study Says
b Mark Zuckerberg's salary last year was just $1
e 'Neighbors' smarter than most college movies
b Home prices dip in Jan. for 3rd straight month
e Lindsay Lohan sues over Grand Theft Auto V likeness
t Pi Day in Chicago: Map of Where to Celebrate with Deals on Pie
b Google Click-Ad Growth Dips
b Georgetown arrest may be connected to massive Target data breach
t Nokia X'd: Microsoft Goes All In on Windows Phone
e Pretty Little Liars Clips: What Did Hanna Forget? What Did Spencer Know?
e 'We're Definitely Getting Together In May': AC/DC Frontman Brian Johnson  ...
e Reality bites for Mad Men
e Game of Thrones: "The Lion and the Rose" Recap
t Instagram marks 200 million user milestone
e 'Transcendence' Movie Review: Wally Pfister's Johnny Depp Starrer is Confused  ...
e Film Review: 'Captain America' returns in zippy but hollow spy thriller
b ECB warns on unwinding investment flows due to reach for yield
e 'The Voice' Recap: Battles Round 2 Debuts, Chris Martin Mentors
b The best ways to invest in silver
b After American Apparel Founder Ouster, Firm Needs Cash
e Keith Urban and Nicole Kidman Visit Children's Hospital, Deliver Emotional  ...
b Murdoch has Time Warner bid rejected
b Have gasoline prices peaked for 2014?
b House Prices Continue to Rise
e Toby Kebbell Cast As Dr. Doom in the 'Fantastic Four' Reboot
t Ignition Fixes for Recalled GM Vehicles Moving at Glacial Pace
e Boyhood soundtrack: Richard Linklater on recruiting Coldplay, Arcade Fire
m World Health Organization Declares Polio Spread an International Emergency
e My plea to let Stephen Colbert be Stephen Colbert
t Guest Column: The unsettling issue of 'settled' climate science
e Review: 'Transcendence' Never Quite Hits Its Mark
m A nine-year-old girl will be laid to rest after her death last week
t Are you a Glasshole?
m Shooting for IPO glory, Alder cites trial success with migraine drug
m West Africa Ebola outbreak kills more than 140
b Global stocks climb on upbeat US data; euro falls
e Entertainment personalities on their Easter weekend plans
b Ohio's jobless rate drops to 6.1 pct. in March
b UPDATE 2-FireEye forecasts bigger loss as R&D spending rises
b Russia's Gazprom inks deal to adjust gas price for Italy's Eni Economy May 23  ...
t Samsung Galaxy Ace officially unveiled as budget Android 4.4 KitKat smartphone
b Oil prices extend drop
b Barclays Will Post Small Decline in First-Quarter Profit (1)
e Movie Watch: A Hard Day's Night
e Queen Bey's Sis Solange Knowles Attacks Jay-Z in Elevator – CCTV Raw Footage
m Popular weight-loss drug recalled for tampering
t The Xbox One vs. PS4 1080p debate is an unwinnable war, says Titanfall  ...
e Kim Kardashian becomes Kueen for the day and blows a kiss to fans from the  ...
e 'Grey's Anatomy' season 11: Suggestions for Ellen Pompeo, Patrick Dempsey  ...
t Abominable News: Yeti Identified As Ancestral Polar Bear
e Lupita, Scarlett 'for Jungle Book'
e Controversial 'Jeopardy!' champ Arthur Chu finally loses after 12-game run
t Public not buying a climate apocalypse
t The Good News and Bad News of Getting a Google Glass Invite
b Exploring What's Behind the Battle Over Argentina's Debt
t The Ford Mustang Turns 50 Today!
e Kendall Jenner at 2014 Cannes Film Festival - Keeping Up with the Kardashians
e Selena Gomez fires her parents, as Taylor Swift's are accused of being 'controlling'
t The Father of Net Neutrality Returns to Do Battle With Comcast
t Samsung Galaxy F / S5 Prime leaked image shows smartphone in black color  ...
e Gwar Frontman David Brockie, AKA Oderus Urungus, Confirmed Dead
t Chrysler sales up 17 pct; May auto sales expected to hit highest monthly total in  ...
e Selena Gomez finds texts on Justin Bieber's phone from Kylie!
b Detroit inches closer to fixing debt with pension deals ahead of bankruptcy hearing
e Virus-hit Sir Paul cancels concert
e 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' vs. 'Blended': See it, save it or skip it?
m Women more vulnerable to Alzheimer's gene: Study
b How Bank of America botched its dividend and capital plan
t Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 WiFi Tablet Review
e PHOTO: Olivia Wilde and Jason Sudeikis welcome a baby boy!
t Honolulu Weekly Gas Price Update and Outlook - July 7, 2014
t Two Analysts Move Apple With Price Target Changes
e Katy Perry Accused Of Plagiarism By Christian Rappers Who Claim 'Dark Horse  ...
e Why did a news outlet cancel this church's Easter ad?
t Facebook Inc. share price up, acquires Oculus VR Inc. in a 2-billion-dollar deal
e NWA biopic recruits three leads
b Yellen expects continued low borrowing rates
t Tesla Q2 Earnings Live: EPS And Production Up, Ground Broken In Nevada For  ...
t Government report: Harmful effects of global warming are happening now
e 'Neighbors' ousts 'Spider-Man' in box office competition
e National 9/11 Memorial Museum Opens Today
b Relativity Media tables $500 mn stock offer for Maker Studios
b Benzinga's M&A Chatter for Monday April 21, 2014
e Noah: 'Russell Crowe is just about the only actor who could have pulled this off  ...
b 22 bodies counted at Ukraine wreckage site
b Chipotle sales surge - and now they're going to raise prices
m CDC: Six cases of Heartland virus identified in 2012-2013
b Crude palm oil remains higher on firm demand
t Driverless Cars Aren't Ready for Prime Time
e Hall of Famers & More Pay Tribute to Warrior, DDP Talks Nancy Grace
t Flappy Bird to be re-released
e Amazon Launches Music Streaming Service for Prime Members
e Insane Clown Posse and Juggalos Still Considered a Gang by FBI
e Clooney slams 'fabricated' story on fiancee's mom
e Lorde Curating Soundtrack For 'The Hunger Games: Mockingjay – Part 1'
t AOL confirms security breach; users' passwords, address books exposed
e Grease coming to live TV
b 1Q productivity falls; labor costs up
b Cloud and big data boost IBM as it announces Apple partnership
e Me. I Am Mariah… The Elusive Chanteuse
t General Motors avoided defective switch redesign in 2005 to save a dollar each
e Hobie Alter, who revolutionized surfing, dies at 80
t Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 specifications leaked online
e 'Blonde Hair Don't Care': Kim Kardashian Is A Blonde Bombshell Again!
e Keith Richards pens children's book
e The Hobbit: The Battle Of The Five Armies Trailer Teases The Start Of An Epic War
t HTC One M8 GPe stock Android comes for sale at $699
e Jimmy Fallon Is Mean; Scared the Roots With a Prank 50 Shades of Grey Trailer
t Orbital cargo ship reaches space station
b 6 treated for carbon monoxide during UCLA cleanup - KTVN Channel 2 - Reno  ...
b US Urges Turkey to Restore Access to Twitter
e Why Do We Love Michael Bay's Cinematic "Bayhem"?
e Hunger Games tops MTV Movie Awards
t That big Twitter redesign? It's here.
b Air Products Appoints Rockwood Executive Seifi Ghasemi As CEO - Qucik Facts
e Neil Patrick Harris strips down completely naked for Rolling Stone
e US Airways Tweets Apology To Customer
t Apple announces free iPhone 5 battery replacement program
b Russia ordered to pay Yukos investors $50B
t Domino's introduces a 'Siri' to take mobile orders
b Alibaba expands beyond e-commerce
e The Hypocrisy Behind The New York Times's Abrupt Decapitation of Jill Abramson
e Kim Kardashian & Kanye West To Live Apart?
e 'F*** you' - George RR Martin responds to fans who fear he will die before  ...
m Charlotte missionary's condition worsens in Liberia
b Oil prices rise on Iraq conflict, upbeat China data
m New Health Secretary to Confront Health Care-Reform Hurdles
e CBS Renews “The Big Bang Theory” for Three More Seasons
b China, Vietnam row heats up
t ISS astronauts to watch World Cup from space
e HGTV under fire for discriminating against conservative Christian hosts
b Unemployment rates fall in 29 states in February
t Teen finds changing typefaces could save millions of dollars
b Inflation drops to 1.7%
e Cameron Diaz and Jason Segel Get Raunchy in the Red-Band Trailer for 'Sex  ...
e Guardians of the Galaxy star Chris Pratt on a blockbuster roll (with video)
e 'Mad Men' Recap: Season 7 Episode 11, 'The Strategy'
e Zach Galifianakis carries 'Baskets' comedy to FX
e Bachelorette 2014 Spoilers: Andi Dorman's Hometown Date Looks Rough  ...
b Radical Moves To Avoid Deflation In Europe
e Miley Cyrus Just Recorded a Beatles Cover With The Flaming Lips And MGMT
t What You Need to Know About Facebooks Secret Study
t Barra Says Recalled Vehicles Safe to Drive With Key Alone
e Kim Kardashian-Kanye West to host grand b'day celebration for baby Nori (view  ...
e 'Muppets Most Wanted' Could Change How You Feel About Sequels (VIDEO)
b German business confidence dropped in May
e Great performances, weak story in 'Get On Up'
e Kristen Stewart debuts short hair, Jared Leto stands out at Chanel show
t Court Orders Microsoft to Turn Over Data in Ireland Email Case
m Patient safety varies widely among US hospitals, Consumer Reports finds
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Relationship: Is New Vogue Cover Girl Jealous  ...
e Golden Girl! All the Details on Blue Ivy's Adorable VMAs Dress
e Holiday at center of Christianity
t Two Unexpected Ways Obama's Climate Plan Could Spur Change in China
b Urban Outfitters, Inc. (NASDAQ:URBN) Q1 Profit Drops Hurt By Margins
e If the How I Met Your Mother Finale Had Gone Country
b Stocks Hold Gains As Oil Stocks Rise, Airlines Recoup
m Ebola vaccine trials fast-tracked
b American Apparel said to get arbitration notice after ouster
t Google Maps updated, gets Uber Integration and more
e Amazon Is Heating Up The Streaming Video Space
e Fifty Shades of Teesside: Our region's link to Hollywood star in film version of hit  ...
t Microsoft revokes Windows Phone app that allowed downlo...
t Amazon reveals its 'Fire Phone' smarthphone
t Netflix CEO Reed Hastings decries his own deal with Comcast, pleads for net  ...
b IMF says Russian economy already in recession
b Kingfisher profits rise as it seeks strategic partner for B&Q China
e Justices Express Concern Over a Sweeping Aereo Ruling
b Asian index futures rise before BOJ reports, gold and yen declines
t UN climate panel chair calls for `enlightenment`
b Consumer prices increase for May is sharpest in more than a year
e 'Transcendence' review: Brain uploaded, logic goes out door
e Tribeca: Joss Whedon will make new movie available immediately online
m Just over two percent of Americans are gay, lesbian or bisexual
t Windows 9 Will Be Free For Existing Customers: Rumor or Reality?
e Game of Thrones: "The Children" Recap
m Lab-grown vaginas prove long-term success
b Thousands of Chinese spent their “best years” making Nike shoes and now have  ...
e FDR Walking
m Naturally immune children could help create malaria vaccine
e VIDEO: 'Neighbors' Grabs Top Spot At North American Box Office
b Private-sector job creation was softer-than-expected in July
e Names and faces
b Candy Crush maker seeks to price US IPO at $21-$24/share
e Anita Baker Tweets Shocked Response to Arrest Warrant
b Dollar stumbles as rate hike expectations pushed back
e Spotify hits 10 million Premium subscribers milestone
m Ohio State is epicenter of 69 mumps cases
e Kevin Sharp Passes; Country Artists Share Memories
m Running Daily, Even For a Few Minutes, Increases Life Span
b Fannie Mae And Freddie Mac: Destruction Delays
b Bank of America shares drop after accounting error
m Doctors in Italy Design the First-Ever Kidney Dialysis Machine for Infants
b 30-Year FHA Mortgage Rates and Fixed Conventional Loans at Wells Fargo for  ...
b ND winter wheat production expected to nearly triple due primarily to large  ...
t Apple planning 12.9in iPad for early 2015 release
t People Are Sharing Their (Sometimes Embarrassing) #FirstTweet. You Can Too.
t WWE Network Extending Globally & New Payment Options
t Starbucks Wants To Power Up Your Phone (And Maybe Its Payments)
t Apple's 5.5-Inch Wicked Thin 'iPhone Air' Reportedly Delayed Until 2015
e The Rolling Stones' jet leaves Perth. Picture : Lincoln Baker/The West Australian
e Justin Bieber, Kylie Jenner Sexting Rumors True? Why Naked Pictures May Be  ...
b Business news and markets: as it happened - March 10, 2014
e Who Was Nicki MInaj Shading During Her BET Awards Acceptance Speech?
e Jon Hamm Opens Up About Lowest Point In His Career Being A Brief Stint In  ...
t Moto G with LTE surfaces on Amazon
e PHOTOS: Emmy Awards Show Highlights
b Here Comes Existing Home Sales...
e Miley Cyrus Breaks Silence About “Insane” Hospital Stay: I Gained Weight  ...
m Is Shape magazine misleading readers about what dramatic weight loss looks  ...
t Mars Coming Close to Earth 2014: Watch the Biggest Brightest Red Planet Live  ...
t Facebook disconnected worldwide for around half hour in the morning
e Olivia Palermo Weds in Carolina Herrera
e George Clooney Called The 'Daily Mail' Out For Publishing Bullcrap About His  ...
m Obamacare Q&A: Medi-cal renewals -- another backlog on horizon?
e Syfy horror spoof 'Sharknado 2' whipped up storm of viewers and tweets
t Fruit flies, like humans, pause before making tough decisions
e Mayor seeks Brooks concert solution
b UPDATE 3-GM waited on Ion recall despite awareness of fatal crashes
t Apple Considering iTunes for Android and On-Demand Streaming, Report says
e MIA asks Madonna to borrow $16million after the NFL demands big money for  ...
b Fees taking bite out of 401(k)s
m NY Gov. Cuomo to Boost HIV Tests, Treatment to End AIDS Epidemic
e Rolf Harris could be out of jail within three years
b Wintergreen Advisers Sends Letter to Coca-Cola Shareholders
b BP spill dumps crude oil into Lake Michigan
t Welcome to the VR social: What to expect from Oculus in the Facebook era
t SpaceX launch to ISS scrubbed
b Tesla decision on battery factory will come at year's end
e Zac Efron, Dave Franco, and Christopher Mintz-Plasse Share Crazy Stories  ...
b Dollar pauses after Fed-led surge
t Meteor Shower may be Seen Friday Night
e 'Dancing With The Stars' Week 2: Switch Mode, And Surprise Double Elimination
t Gas prices headed downward?
m Second U.S. MERS case discovered in Florida
t Xbox TV Group Axed, but Halo Show Is Safe
e The Hunger Games: President Snow Makes Another Address
m Texas Logs First Case of West Nile Virus Well Into The Season
b USDA: 84 percent of Iowa corn, 40 percent of soybeans planted; crop a little  ...
e Behind the scenes, 'Planes: Fire & Rescue'
b Carphone Warehouse reports Preliminary fiscal year EPS from cont. ops. of 8.5p
t Google's Twitch acquisition falls through, Amazon steps in
e Did Jay-Z really cheat on Beyonce?
m Free skin cancer screenings today at four Spectrum Health locations
e Christine McVie rejoins Fleetwood Mac for 33-city fall tour
e Jessica Chastain for True Detective season 2?
b Missouri throws legal roadblock in front of Tesla Motors
e 'Guardians Of The Galaxy' Is A Must See!
e Game of Thrones 2014: See which characters nations favour
t Ubisoft Supporting Previous Gen for "Forseeable Future"
t GM recalling another 1.5 million vehicles over power steering defect
t GM provides lessons for all legal depts
e Obama: As long as congressional GOP obstructs, I'll continue to use my  ...
b (CNCN) TELUS Announces Leadership Progression
e Shia LaBeouf's Arrest at 'Cabaret' - Everything You Need to Know
e Paul Walker In 'Fast And Furious 7' To Be Replaced By Body Doubles: What  ...
m Alexander "Sasha" Shulgin, psychedelic pioneer, RIP
t Climate Change Chatter: Science and Politics
t Microsoft accessed blogger's Hotmail account to track leak
e Ross Fails to Diversify His Sound With 'Mastermind'
b 2 governors express concerns to Pfizer
b Etihad Buying Airline Stakes To Compete, Not Control
b HTC reports its first quarter of operating profit in the last year
e Lucasfilm makes it official: New Star Wars films ignore Expanded Universe
t Halo 5: Guardians Will Not Release for Xbox 360
b Even Ronald McDonald loves Taco Bell's new breakfast line-up
t Twitter builds a $100 million big-data business
m Report: 40% of households use only cellphones
t How Facebook dodged the talent poaching lawsuit bullet that hit Google
m Express Scripts assembling anti-Sovaldi coalition to shut out Gilead hep C drug
e Johansson, Nyong'o in talks for Jungle Book
t Apple Sends Email to iTunes Users Offering Refunds for Unauthorized In-App  ...
e Captain America: The Winter Soldier
e 80000 party at Israel gay parade, area's biggest
b Sterling index at 5-1/2 year high, awaits Carney's speech
t Sony enters the matrix with virtual reality headset
e The first official trailer for Brad Pitt's World War II movie, Fury was released today  ...
b Pfizer Eyes British Rival for $100 Billion Takeover
e 4 Reasons Why Melissa McCarthy is a Box Office Queen
b Speed Traders Play Defense Against Michael Lewis's Flash Boys
t Sony warns Vaio batteries risk catching fire
b Kennedy Expressway Project To Create Traffic Nightmare This Weekend
b New Home Sales Sink 3.3 Percent in February
e Transformers goes on forever
t New dino species 'Pinocchio rex' discovered by scientists
t Microsoft reportedly preparing to cut jobs post Nokia acquisition
e Nicki Minaj's BET Speech: Her Scary Near-Death Moment Revealed?
m Whooping Cough Officially Epidemic in California, says Public Health Department
t US study sees dire threats to northwest Canada's climate
e 'Horrible Bosses 2′ Trailer Promises More Horribleness
b US urges restraint in Vietnam-China rig standoff
b Google: $3.5b in 12 weeks
b Taking a home loan? Explore the hybrid way
e Jessie J, Ariana Grande & Nicki Minaj "Bang Bang" (video)
b Maybe Dodd-Frank is working: Big Bank Bailout no longer seen as inevitable
b US STOCKS-Futures edge higher; new home sales data on tap
e Would you pay millions for a secret Wu-Tang Clan album?
b Morgan Stanley bucks Wall Street slowdown
t Down the EU's Right-to-Be-Forgotten Rabbit Hole
e The Voice: Shakira And Usher Lose Again
m Food companies and restaurants could soon face US government pressure to  ...
b Plane spots object after search for lost Malaysian jet shifts north
b Investor Marcus Lemonis looking to save Crumbs Bake Shop
m It's possible to overwrite bad memories, say neuroscientists
t New HTC One M8 faces off with older HTC One M7
e “Guardians Of The Galaxy” Review: Marvel Studios' Latest Is A Heartfelt Musical  ...
e Filming Begins on New Star Wars Movie
e TRAILER: Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (2014)
b Malaysia airliner: 'Objects' spotted as search shifts
b What new EPA regulations could mean for Kansas coal
e Walking Dead's Andrew Lincoln on Terminus: 'We Ran Into Hell'
e Pete Dyakowski, Hamilton Tiger Cat, on Jeopardy Tuesday night
t Microsoft Doubles Free Cloud Storage Space
b Family Dollar Inc., to close stores as shoppers pinched
t Recall issued for harness buckles on certain Graco infant car seats
b Massive blow for Putin as Hague gives landmark judgment against Moscow
e Local Professor Remembers Dr. Maya Angelou
e R&B singer Womack dies at 70
e Angelina Jolie's 'Maleficent' Has Wings
e Sachin Tendulkar inspires Hugh Jackman
e Allison Williams Will Play Peter Pan in Peter Pan Live!
e Names+Faces: HBO promises more 'Game of Thrones'
t Dragon supply capsule reaches the orbiting ISS
t Google updates TOS to clarify email scanning process
t BlackShades Hacker Software Investigation Involved 19 Countries
e Harrison Ford injured on set of Star Wars Episode 7, hospitalized
b Consumer Prices Rose In May
b American Apparel Founder Dov Charney Vows To Fight To Keep His Job
t NASA deliberately crashes robotic moon explorer
e Movie review: How to Train Your Dragon 2 inspires (with video)
b UPDATE 2-Eleven miners trapped underground in Honduran gold mine
b UPDATE 4-Oil slips below $106 as Libya deal eases supply worries
m Columbus doctor weighs in after deadly virus found in US
b Rupert Murdoch Eyes Time Warner
t Google diversity report highlights white male workforce
e Zendaya drops out of Lifetime's Aaliyah movie, production on hold
t Boy, five, beats Xbox Live security
b Kennedy weekend closures in effect until 5AM Monday
b Global fast food giants' ambitions to grow in China hampered by food safety pitfalls
e Floyd Mayweather & T.I. Brawl Over Tiny In Vegas [VIDEO]
m Memorial provides support for people living with HIV/AIDS in Tucson
m GlaxoSmithKline Recalls Drug After Foreign Pills Found In Bottles
e Coachella 2014: Evening crowds get a break from the heat
t Stay up late Friday for unique meteor shower
t Back To The Past With Oculus Rift
t Starbucks To Offer More Than Caffeine Jolt, Rolls Out Wireless Chargers
t Supersonic Submarines Just Took One Step Closer to Reality
t Joe Biden Has His Own Dwarf Planet, and It's Acting Up
e First Look: The “Orange Is The New Black” Season 2 Trailer Is Here!
m AztraZeneca fights to regain cancer market prominence
b Retirement confidence edges up from record lows
e Liam Hemsworth Overheard Raving about Ex-Fiancée Miley Cyrus, Spotted with  ...
e Jenny McCarthy Reveals New Gig Following Departure from 'The View'
e Shia LaBeouf Arrested For Disorderly Conduct At Broadway's Cabaret
t Xbox One Sales Double Thanks to Kinect-Less Bundle
b Crude Oil – Brent Oil & Gold Trading On Geopolitical Stress
e Ginnifer Goodwin, Josh Dallas Are Married
e 'Bachelorette' Recap: Eric Hill Exposes Andi Dorfman for What She Really Is
t Ignition Switch In Deadly Recalls Was Secretly Designed In House Because GM  ...
e ABC Evening News Anchor Diane Sawyer Replaced
e Seth MacFarlane Accused Of Stealing The Idea For Ted
b ADP: US companies added 281000 jobs in June
m MERS Virus Did Not Spread in 2 U.S. Cases: Health Officials
t Lyrid meteor shower to hit on Earth Day
m New research reveals that fetuses grow in company of bacteria
t New Horizons spacecraft will wake up today
t Use these IFTTT recipes to get Nest notifications on Android Wear
b Elon Musk commits to serving as Tesla's CEO for another 4-5 years
e Watch! Apes takeover at Waterloo Station
t The plot to kill the password
t Apple, IBM team up in mobile devices, apps
t Facebook Lets Users Buy Products Directly From Ads
t Google Glass Explorer Talks About Gadget on Day They're On Sale to Public
m Sprouts, Hummus, Dips and Walnuts Recalled Due to Possible E. coli and  ...
t Google Stops Mining Education Gmail And Google Apps Accounts For Ad  ...
t Facebook buys Oculus Rift VR company for $2 billion
e Bunny Yeager, Famed Pinup Photographer, Dead at 85
t BlackBerry Ltd shares fall as Apple Inc and IBM Corp partnership targets  ...
e Helen Bach: Chris gets to keep the toaster, Gwyneth gets Brad
b UPDATE 1-BOJ's Iwata signals chance of tapering if economy overheats
b Western, middle states thrive with energy boom
t Researchers Discover New Type Of Dust In Mars' Atmosphere
t Twitter rolls out Facebook-ish profiles
b US economy to grow solidly: Yellen
e Amazon vs. Hachette: Retailer Removes Pre-Order Buttons On JK Rowling, Others
e The-Dream Has Reportedly Been Arrested for Felony Assault
e Lionsgate working on 'Power Rangers' film
b Jobless rates mostly down
e Kevin Smith Hints at the Color of Ben Affleck's Batman Suit in 'Man of Steel 2'
e Beasley, Orozco out for US vs. Mexico
t White House calls for action on climate change
e Rolf Harris sings Jake the Peg to sex case jury then tells them - I'm just a 'touchy  ...
t Facebook adds a button to 'Ask' for other's relationship status
b Barclays: 20000 Job Cuts In 'Break From Past'
t Weekly gas prices: Another jump - 6.2 cents
t Apple iWatch rumour round-up: What we know so far
t New Super-heavy Element 117 Found
t Apple is dancing to Dr. Dre's Beats: Who's the real winner here?
m Medical conspiracies believed by nearly half of US adults
e Ted 2014: Meeting the real bionic man
m Jim Kelly Is Not Going to Have Surgery Tomorrow to "Eradicate" His Cancer As  ...
e Pamela Anderson calls it quits with Rick Salomon
b Target's profit down 16 pct as it deals with customer data breach fallout
t Obama's US carbon cuts likely to win muted applause abroad
b Swim at your own risk: 1 in 10 US beaches is dangerously polluted
m Marriage Seems to Protect the Heart
e 'The Bachelor' season finale recap, Goodbye Juan Pablo, finally
t Android Stomps Into Wearables Field
t E3 2014 Destiny hands on: We play through several hours of Bungie's new RPG  ...
t Chinese man builds his own Tesla-charging network
b Why Michaels (MIK) Stock Is Jumping In Pre-Market Trading Today
t Brazil Passes Internet Bill
t Imprisoned ex-dictator Manuel Noriega sues over use of his persona in 'Call of  ...
m WHO Warns West Africa Countries of Ebola Spread
b Vodafone To Buy Spanish Cable Operator Ono for $10 Billion As Company  ...
e Ice Cube: Paul Walker Got 'Sympathy' Vote Over 'Ride Along' at MTV Movie  ...
b Oil price: Brent retreats as Iraqi oil exports remain near record high
b Shire, AbbVie to announce $53 billion merger by Friday - sources
e High court to decide fate of renegade television service
e Rihanna Responds To Charlie Sheen's Twitter Shade & It's HIGHlarious! See  ...
e Louisiana-born songwriter Jesse Winchester, protege of Robbie Robertson, dies  ...
e Selena Gomez Cutting Kylie and Kendall Jenner Out Of Her Life
m PetSmart Joins Chinese Pet Treat Ban
e Graham Nash optimistic young people will change US for the better
t Car clampdown in pollution-hit Paris hits the mark
m Having Eczema May Lower the Risk of Skin Cancer, Study
t Camaro Wishes Mustang Happy 50th Birthday
e A Year of Miley Cyrus Magazine Covers, Ranked
e Can UK prisons cope with elderly people?
b Hedgie Ackman bets $3B on Botox with Allergan takeover bid
t Austin MotoGP: Massive jump start by Lorenzo
e 'Time 100' Adds Beyonce To The List Of The World's 'Most Influential People'
t SingTel introduces new 4G voice services
t Apple (AAPL) Plans to Manufacture Its Largest-ever iPad, Report
e UK paper apologises to George Clooney
b Dollar Tree/Family Dollar merger could create Wal-Mart rival but hurt consumers
b Ford, Toyota and Nissan report sales gains in March
e Godzilla Opens With Smashing $93.2 Million
e Madonna excused from jury duty to avoid 'creating a distraction'
t Microsoft job cuts: Stephen Elop's letter to employees
b Ex-Yahoo exec gets $58M for 15 months
e Hollywood studios back biblical epics in 2014
t DIRECTV SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Proposed Sale of DIRECTV Being  ...
e Kendall Jones Petition: Texas Cheerleader Angers Facebook With Hunting Photos
b DeMarco to Depart FHFA at the End of April
t Gasoline Prices Continue To Rise In San Diego County
t Sony Says 7 Million PlayStation 4s Have Been Sold Worldwide
e More From All Songs Considered
t Google Makes Another Run at the Television
e Are Laura Prepon and Tom Cruise Secretly Dating?
m Fungus in yoghurt a serious health threat?
e Eva Mendes Pregnant With Ryan Goslingâ€™s Baby? Reports Suggest Actress  ...
e 'Dancing with the Stars' Season Finale Recap: Who Took Home the Trophy?
b Oklahoma Now Has More Earthquakes Because of Fracking
t HTC BlinkFeed launching on the Google Play store soon
e The Rock's Latest Hercules Trailer Has Three-Headed Beasts Getting Punched
b Feds eye GM ignition switch recall - report
e Xavier Dolan's 'Mommy' wins jury prize at Cannes
e Parents raced to try to halt Calif. rampage
b In Medtronic's deal for Covidien, an emphasis on tax savings
t DETROIT - Mercedes-Benz is recalling more than 284000 C-Class cars in the  ...
b Amazon Performs Balancing Act in Latest Quarter
e 'American Idol': And then there were three
b LinkedIn Corp shares shoot up after bell on upbeat forecast
e ABC Airs 2014 BILLBOARD MUSIC AWARDS Tonight
e Visually splendid 'Planes' sequel takes dramatic dive
e Game of Thrones season finale recap: A shocking ending fit for Father's Day
b Forex - Japanese yen weaker ahead of trade data, BoJ
b USD consolidating gains across the board
e Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Trailer: The Dark (Green) Knights
t NASA Launches Flying Saucer
e Lindsay Lohan To Invade London Stage
t US regulators probe Nissan Versa speed control complaints
e The Voice RECAP 4/1/14: Season 6 “The Battles, Round 2 Continues”
e Watch Miley Cyrus and The Flaming Lips' Insane New Video (NSFW)
e Neil Young's PonoPlayer Kickstarter campaign meets goal within 24 hours
t Internet Explorer users at risk from major bug: Microsoft
m Medicare officials hope release of data will help identify waste and combat fraud
b AstraZeneca once again rejects sweetened Pfizer takeover bid
t Samsung earnings fall as it battles Apple on the high end and Xiaomi on the low  ...
b Deadline Approaching To Enroll In Md. Health Exchange
t Protect yourself from 'heartbleed' Internet bug
e Bafta TV awards: Ant and Dec 'thrilled to be nominated'
e Who do you think will die in the 'Walking Dead' season 4 finale?
e Michael Jackson album due May 13 to feature 'contemporizing' of his music
e The Muppets reunite with mixed results
t Zuckerberg to use 'drones, satellites and lasers' to connect everyone to the web
t CSOs hold demo at the first UN Environment Assembly
b IBM net income up
b How Dollar Tree's U.S. deal could put cheap food in focus at Canadian dollar  ...
e I Didn't Sleep for 2 Years: Jenny Lewis
e Pregnant Mila Kunis Refuses To Let Ashton Kutcher Near Her 'Shredded' Lady  ...
b Shell earnings hit as downstream pressures weigh
t Facebook Changes the Way it Tracks and Serves Your Ads
m Pelvic Exam Found To Be Mostly Useless For Judging Women's Health: What  ...
e Amy Adams gives first-class airline seat to soldier, sits in coach, passenger says
e Watch: Courtney Love hugs Dave Grohl, pays tribute to Kurt Cobain
t Flappy Bird 2 to be released in August with a new creator
b Fannie Mae And Freddie Mac: Can The Federal Government Keep Its Promises  ...
t This soft and squishy robot fish will fool you into thinking that it's a real fish
e Gwyneth Paltrow breaks silence following Chris Martin split 0
b Fiat to limit Ferrari output despite huge demand from China, other markets
t Satya Nadella's symbolic debut
m Infected Springfield restaurant worker could have exposed 5000 to Hepatitis A
e Robert Pattinson & Julianne Moore Have Limo Sex in 'Maps to the Stars' NSFW  ...
b Former FHFA Chief DeMarco Departing the Agency in April
e Jay-Z's Master Recordings at Center of Alleged Extortion Plot
t Jobs' vision never included an Apple-made TV
m Mental disorder not factor in Pistorius shooting
b Mid-Day Report: Euro Reversed Gains as Bundesbank Weidmann Softened  ...
e Watch: Emma Stone Vs. Jimmy Fallon In 'Tonight Show' Lip-Sync Battle
m FDA clears device that lets paraplegics walk again
e Jewish community celebrates Passover
e 'Mad Men' Offers Peek at Final Season (Photos)
t Facebook Seeks EU Approval of WhatsApp Deal to Avoid Antitrust Headaches
t VMworld 2014 Day One: Without Limits
b Sebelius: Opposition hasn't helped sign-ups
m Acne Products Can Trigger Dangerous Side-Effects, Says FDA
e 'Girl Meets World' season 1 premieres tonight!
e Who Should You Hate on Game of Thrones?
b IRS paid bonuses to tax-delinquent employees, report says
e ABC's 'Castle' season 7 spoilers: What's next for Nathan Fillion, Stana Katic, cast
e South Texas Gardener
t Space station launch Monday despite dead computer
t Scientists join list craze: 8 reasons to worry about global warming
e The First Trailer for Brad Pitt's "Fury" Is Here -- How's It Look?
e BWW TV: Welcome to Agrabah! Watch Highlights from ALADDIN on Broadway!
t Once Arch Rivals, Apple Teams Up with IBM
e 'Epic' final Hobbit trailer released
e Warner Bros. Blames "Jupiter Ascending" Delay On Unfinished Special Effects
b DEP blasts another Freedom spill as 'outrageous and unacceptable'
t Preventing drastic climate change is highly affordable says the UN
e 'Seinfeld' actor Wayne Knight on death hoax: 'Glad to be breathing!'
e 'Echo' needs to talk with ET
e New Captain America Is Black
e Romantic Pics Of Lovebirds Justin And Selena
t Google Testing Huge Gmail Redesign
m HHS claims big gains on readmissions, hospital-acquired harms
b With a plunge Thursday, stock market has first monthly loss since January
m Don't Lump Her With Kristin Cavallari! Jenny McCarthy Insists: 'I Am NOT Anti  ...
b Wednesday Morning Business Update
e L'Wren funeral to take place in LA
m Tampered Bottles of Alli Found Across US
e Departures mean facelift for ABC's 'View' next season
e Now on the menu at Chipotle: literature
t QUALCOMM, Inc. (NASDAQ:QCOM), has bought startup chip designer Wilocity
b Target CEO leaves company
b Stocks move broadly higher on Wall Street
b Military grounds all F-35 jets during fire probe
e One Direction 'Joint' Video: Fans React To Louis Tomlinson's Use Of N-Word In  ...
m Roche's Avastin Recommended For Approval in Europe
e Sherri Shepherd's Ex Rules for Our Marriage: 1) DON'T GET FAT
m Foreign medics in Saudi Arabia may take MERS global
b Boeing seals Emirates Airline order
b EBay asks shareholders to vote against Carl Icahn board nominees
e Review Roundup: HEDWIG AND THE ANGRY INCH Opens on Broadway - All  ...
e WATCH: Flight Attendant Gives the Funniest In-Flight Safety Demo Ever
t Google reportedly buying Twitch in $1B deal
t Full Moon and Friday the 13th… once in a lifetime event
e Fifi Geldof pays tribute to her late sister Peaches
e Miley Cyrus still hospitalized, cancels second show
e This Week in Jennifer Lawrence Quotes: X-Men
e Kids' Choice Awards Red Carpet — Selena…
b 30-year mortgage rates dip this week
m E-cigarettes not 'part of the problem' with tobacco, scientists tell UN
t The Definitive Guide to Heartbleed and Enterprise Mobility
t Has Google's Nexus 8 been caught floundering around?
b Cambridge-bound AstraZeneca rejects 'final' Pfizer takeover bid
b USD/CAD to hit 1.1000 in 1-2 weeks? - UOB Group
e Japan-N. Korea talks to be held next week
b Week ahead: Living in interesting times
b Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) Expects Loss In The Current Quarter
t Full moon rising, tonight beams first of 3 summer supermoons
b The 4 stocks Buffett loves most
e Paul McDonald And Nikki Reed Have Decided To Go Their Separate Ways
b Stocks down in early trading amid falling gold and mining stocks
t Source code for MS-DOS 1.1, 2.0 and Word 1.1a released
t This Is What It Looks Like When Times Square Turns Off the Lights
e Harris letter to father key to abuse case
b More Than One Million Latinos Enrolled In Exchange or Medi-Cal in Six Months
b Capital One expects to repurchase $2.5 billion of shares of common stock  ...
b ECB Chief Draghi Is Happy To Beat the QE Drum
b Stock retreat after record-setting rally
e Peaches Geldof funeral: Faversham prepares to say final farewell to mother-of  ...
t LG to launch G3 flagship smartphone tomorrow
b Premium car brands eye China's secondhand market
b The State Of Global Manufacturing In 4 Giant Slides
m BSD to have Autism Awareness 5K Fun Run
t Gas prices jump during refinery down time
t Upcoming Google Wallet update will allow users to mange their gift cards
e 'Midnight Rider' director indicted in fatal train crash
b Amazon Launches Groundbreaking 3-D Phone
t Google I/O 2014: What to expect and what not to expect
t Microsoft sticks with Android for new Nokia X2 affordable phone
t Kepler astronomers discover new rocky planet that may have liquid water
t NY judge: US warrant can reach Microsoft email in Ireland
e Bob Dylan's working draft of 'Like a Rolling Stone' sells for $2 million at auction
t Fiber Internet In 2014?
e Michigan woman unseats 'Jeopardy!' champ Arthur Chu after 12-day run
b Facebook's mobile ad revenue on up in Q1
b UPDATE 2-North Dakota aims to nearly double pipeline capacity -governor
b Bullard: Fed will raise rates in 1Q2014
e Game of Thrones Season 4 Episode 2: The Lion and the Rose review
t 'Netflix' Adds $1 to NEW Streaming Customers (For Now)
b Tesla faces new hurdle as Missouri weighs direct sales ban
b UPDATE: US Patent Office Cancels Redskins Trademarks
t Glass partners with Oakley
e Designer Stella McCartney to Release MALEFICENT-Inpsired Kids Line for Disney
t Samsung Factory In Sao Paulo, Brazil, Broken Into By Thieves
b Our view: Too many Americans still out of work
e And now ... the Rice Bucket Challenge
t PC sales rebound, up 5.6% in 2014
e The 7 Greatest HBO Shows of All Time (PHOTOS)
e 'Mad Men' 7.04 Episode Review and Recap: The Monolith
e Gwar's Main Vocal, Dave Brockie Died from Accidental Heroin Overdose
b China Arrests More Than 500 Anti-Communist Protesters In Hong Kong, As  ...
b Source: American Apparel in preliminary deal with Standard General for $25M in  ...
b Jobless Claims At Lowest Level In Nearly 7 Years
b VIX Is About 3 Points Too Low, 'Disconnected From Fundamentals': JPMorgan
e Stephen Colbert Talks Letterman Takeover on the 'Late Show' (Video)
e Chris Soules on the Next Bachelor: Which Bachelorette 2014 Guy Is the Best Pick?
e Sunday's TV pick: Keeping Up With The Kardashians
e Beyonce, Jay Z, Solange Moving Past Attack Video
t China probes Microsoft monopoly
e Eight killed by suicide bomber in Afghanistan
e Macklemore Responds To Allegations Of Anti-Semitism With Lengthy Statement
t NASA Delivers New Insight into Star Cluster Formation
t Heartbleed bug exposes web servers to attack
m Mennonite-Obamacare case reaches high court
m US teens smoking, drinking less, but texting while driving more
b Business Insider: Russia explodes at Ukraine after one of its top diplomats called  ...
e Gospel of Jesus' Wife papyrus is not a fake, scientists say
t Boston hospital using Google Glass
b Stocks open higher on Wall Street; Market on track for a fifth straight quarterly  ...
b Cyber Charges Could Damage Ties: China Warns Us
m Whooping cough declared epidemic in California: Get vaccinated now
t Google says it needs weeks to devise plan to 'forget' people after European court  ...
e WATCH: Man stuck in airport overnight makes hilarious 'All By Myself' music video
t AT&T-Comcast Start of Deals Forming Regulatory Logjam: Real M&A
e Jessica Simpson Gets Married
b High Gas Prices Expected to Drop: Expert
t Dating site OkCupid calls for boycott of Mozilla
m Cancer Rates On The Rise
e Twitter Deletes #Music App
e 2014 CFDA Fashion Awards: The Winners' Circle
m False negatives, lives changed
m 'Fist Bump': The New Health Care Handshake?
b China's steel sector PMI rises to 44.2% in March
b Corn Prices on the Defensive
m A New Novartis Heart Failure Drug Might Be A Blockbuster
e Trending, Bro: First Clip from Jon Favreau's Indie 'Chef'
t Google and Novartis to develop 'smart lens'
e Sherri Shepherd Explains Departure from The View with Bible
b Tim Hortons, Burger King shares surge on merger talk
b Bullard: Fed will raise rates in 1Q2015
e Oh, 'Paula': Robin Thicke is sorry, and then some
b Euro edges down against dollar after stronger US data
e Pharrell Williams Replacing Cee Lo Green On 'The Voice'
b China Telecom's 2013 profit up 17.4 pct
b Fed clarifies guidance on short-term rates
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West 'arrive in Ireland for their honeymoon'
t ISSpresso coffee machine heads to International Space Station
b PetSmart Inc. (PETM) Is Surging On Reports Of Possible Sale
e Sneak Peek at Kim Kardashian's New Video Game
e 'Transformers 4' earns USD 53.8 million at box office
e Ciara Had a Cute Celeb-Filled Baby Shower!
m US scientist finds 300 more vials after smallpox discovery: FDA
e Macklemore denies mocking Jewish stereotypes during 'Thrift Shop'
t Watch Dogs Receives New Police Chase Gameplay Video
e Victim calls on Rolf Harris to apologise for attacks
b Family Dollar to close hundreds of stores
t Apple may refund $400 million to consumers in digital book settlement
b Oregon counties ban GM crops
e Morrissey Blames Opening Act for Canceled Tour
b Economic Watch: Produce Prices Fall, Consumer Sentiment Weakens
e Disneyland raises prices to $96 per ticket just days before Memorial Day weekend
t New LG G Watch photo Shows up on Facebook
t Xiaomi to launch in 10 more countries this year, including India
e Tyson: Jamie Foxx to star as me
e L'Wren scott's funeral held in LA
t Android L and Material Design: tactile, bold, dynamic
b Purchasing Manager's Index Shows Mild Improvement
t Toyota to Pay $1.2 Billion to Settle Unintended Acceleration Investigation
b Home Price Gains Slow in April Amid Tepid Sales
e Cool cool cool: Community picked up for sixth season by Yahoo
e Police dig into fatal shooting of actor's wife
b California sends message to water-wasters during drought as conservation  ...
b Takeda shares drop after report on $6 bln jury award over Actos
e Game of Thrones star Kit Harrington used a butt double in season three
b $9B in punitives awarded in Actos drug case; jurors deliberated less than two  ...
t Organic Community And Home Gardening Will Combat Climate Change
e Has Kris Seen Kim's Wedding Dress?
m Governor signs repeal of food-safety law requiring gloves
t PC 'Revival' In 2014, As Tablet Growth Slows – Gartner
e Stephen Colbert Responds To Bill O'Reilly Calling Him A 'Deceiver  ...
e Day at Disneyland now $96 after latest price hike
b Airlines meet in Doha under shadow of MH370 disappearance
e Adam Richman's 'Man Finds Food' Cancelled After Instagram Rant
b Is Michael Lewis Right That the Markets Are Rigged?
e Startup takes on big TV at Supreme Court
e Here Is The Reason Why Everyone Is Suddenly Interested In Avril Lavigne Again
m Report: Panda may have faked pregnancy for more buns, bamboo
t Here's Why Google Is Interested In Buying Twitch – ESPN Of Video Games For  ...
b The good, bad & ugly: three oil scenarios as Iraq crisis mounts
e Michael Jace Pleads Not Guilty To Wife's Murder After Reportedly Confessing  ...
e Model's Husband Commits Suicide Weeks After She Was Photographed Getting  ...
e Michael Chiklis Joins "American Horror Story"
m Fitbit Force users report roughly 10000 cases of skin irritation
e Movie Studios Sue Defunct Piracy Site Megaupload, Seeking Millions in Damages
b Toyota Camry fighting back with a total makeover
e OMG, Justin Bieber! Selena Gomez unveils new 'love yourself' tattoo on back
e 2014 MTV Movie Awards Winner's List
e Ida wins at Wiesbaden's goEast
e JK ROWLING has published a brand new Harry Potter story on the internet.
e Tina Fey, Jason Bateman in This Is Where I Leave You trailer
t Comcast, Charter Talking Turkey?
b Barclays allegations and inside the murky world of dark pools
e Kim Kardashian Draws Criticism For North West's Pierced Ears
b US economy shrank at alarming rate; economists say it'll get better
t Soon, shop online through Facebook
e katie cleary: Former Next Top Model Contestant's Husband Attempts Suicide
t Apple offering free battery replacement for select iPhone 5 units
t Questions and answers about GM recall
t GDC 14: Sony reveals Morpheus, its new VR headset for the Playstation 4
b 5 things to know about Illinois' primary election
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's Vogue wedding cover
t LG G3: The Prettiest Smartphone You Can Buy
e 'Godzilla' tramples rivals with summer season's first monster hit
e Justin Bieber Tweets Tom Hanks Wedding Dancing - Plus, Even More Footage  ...
b News briefs from around Tennessee at 1:58 a.m. EDT
b E.Europe torpedoes Austria's Erste Bank
b SEARCH: Census population numbers, changes
b Transfer of Syrian chemicals underway in Gioia Tauro port, Italy
b Mcdonald's first-quarter profit slips as sales remain weak; April 'modestly positive'
t Sources: Apple prepares its largest-ever iPad for early 2015 sales
b Britain to sell Lloyds Bank shares worth about 4.2 billion pounds
m East Texas woman gives birth to quintuplets
e Daniel Radcliffe's 'Crippled' Role Reaches Out To The Remote
b Australia leads plane southern search
b Argentina in 'selective default' as talks fail to reach a resolution
t Data breaches cost New York a hefty $1.3B in damages, says AG report
b 5 Myths About High-Frequency Trading
b Things You Should Know About Tomorrow's Tax Deadline
m Illinois man tests positive for MERS antibodies, likely contracted virus from  ...
b At The Fed: A Picture is Worth 1000 Words
e Prince to release new album, 'Art Official Age,' in September
e Girl Meets World brings beloved characters back to "TGIF" television
m Man Treated For Deadly MERS Virus In Indiana Improving
e Sneak peek: 'Peanuts' cracks big screen again
t Pandora raises price of ad-free service
b * Sri Lanka neutral on disputes in South China Sea
e Miley Cyrus: "Wrecking Ball" Is A "F--k You" To My Ex
m Schmacher medical files for sale
b RSI Alert: American Equity Investment Life Holding (AEL) Now Oversold
b Missing Malaysia flight MH370 update: New signal spurs search for missing  ...
e BET Awards 2014: [Watch] Host Chris Rock Stumps White Monster Truck Rally  ...
e Hilary Duff opens up about "difficult" Mike Comrie split
b Search for Missing Malaysia Plane Poses Challenges
b Power Back At Millstone
m 'E-ciggy users 60% likelier to kick the butt'
e McVie missed Fleetwood Mac's 'tight chemistry'
t Google And Apple Fight For Your Heart As Healthcare Defines The Latest  ...
m E-cigarettes: no smoke without fear
t Bones of a real 'Godzilla' found in Patagonia
t Woman or machine? Latest Japanese robots look eerily human, outdo people at  ...
b Seattle council may overturn rideshare caps Monday
b Family Dollar to cut jobs, close about 370 stores as it tries to improve financial  ...
e Kim Kardashian Sports Blonde Locks Again
b Show ongoing events (such as daily activities)
e Kim Kardashian My Ass is Ready to Get Married
t Facebook Makes Changes To Track More of its Users' Activity
e Tech Now: Mindy Kaling at SXSW
m Updated Affordable Care Act Facts: New York
e Yahoo Enters Online Streaming Of Original Series By Picking Up 2 Comedy Series
e Duke porn star Belle Knox has been hit with death threats
m Study: E-Cigarettes Affect Body Similar to Cigarette Smoke
t Sony announces Project Morpheus, a virtual reality headset coming to  ...
e Scandal Star Columbus Short Allegedly Threatens To Kill His Wife
t T-Mobile launches unRadio, streaming music free
t Yahoo's Earnings: All Eyes on Alibaba
b Nokia Confirms Rajeev Suri As Nokia's Next CEO
e Kaley Cuoco: Superman fling was crazy
b Russian billionaire Rybolovlev told to pay ex-wife $4.5bn
e Review: 'A Hard Day's Night' still fab after all these years
e Star Wars: Episode VII Casts Pip Andersen and Crystal Clarke in Mysterious  ...
t AAA: Gas prices continue to rise
b How Obamacare Impacts Small Business Transactions
t Apple confirms acquisition of Swell as website and app shut down
e Cannes 2014 lineup: Three Canadians to compete for Palme d'Or at this year's  ...
b US stocks rise on earnings optimism as Citigroup, Netflix jump
m Michael Schumacher 'medical documents stolen and offered for sale' Medical  ...
b Can a Facebook 'Like' Protect a Company from Lawsuits?
b Full GE Earnings Preview
m Merck's Hepatitis C Pill Competes with Gilead
b South African Credit Rating Downgrade Looms: Chart of the Day
e How Kevin Costner Is Spending The 'Field Of Dreams' Anniversary
t Astronauts watch (and play!) soccer from outer space
t Is Sony Winning the Console War?
t 'Godzilla' of earths may have harboured life once?
e Gabriel García Márquez Death: Colombia Farewells Famed Author
m Four cases of Ebola confirmed in Guinean capital Conakry- Minister
e Annie Baker's The Flick Wins 2014 Pulitzer Prize for Drama
e Coachella: Ellie Goulding Struggles With Tight Leather Hotpants In Front Of Star  ...
t Honda Recalling 886815 Odyssey Minivans
e Zara apologizes, retracts child's shirt resembling concentration camp uniform
e Marvel Has Turned Thor Into A Woman
e Peaches Geldof dies unexpectedly at age 25
e When Sandra Bullock locked herself in room..what happens
e HE'S ALIVE: Students retell the Holy Week story at St. Ignatius Church in Yardley
b Japan to continue stockpiling plutonium despite proliferation risks
t Facebook users may shop directly from its website
e Man shoots music video all by himself in Las Vegas airport
t Public tries out Google Glass in Seattle
b GM's Barra 'very sorry' for deaths, names safety chief
t Novartis to Use Google Technology for 'Smart' Contacts
t MotoGP: Jorge Lorenzo Says Victory Is Out Of The Question
t Soyuz TMA-12M docks International Space Station
m Formerly conjoined twin boys released from Dallas hospital
t Newfound Pink World Lurks At Solar System Fringes
b Thank Europe for the stock market's next rally
e Jay Z & Beyonce To Embark On Summer Stadium Tour?
t Facebook mobile app adds audio recognition for music, TV and movies
e 'Do you know who I am?: LaBeouf to policeman when arrested him
b Port Authority of New York and New Jersey delays vote on 3 World Trade Center  ...
b Vietnam wants India to 'rise quickly' in region
e Nicki Minaj suffers 'wardrobe malfunction' during 2014 MTV VMAs performance
b The maker of Candy Crush could be the most profitable tech company to go  ...
t Chevrolet finally brings the Trax to the US
t Apple to Stream 2014 WWDC Keynote
b New pound coin unveiled
m Pain killer prescription practices vary widely among US states- study
t Kickstarter Rockets Into the Mainstream After Facebook's $2B Oculus Buy
t Facebook Plan To "Redesign, Rebrand" Oculus Rift, Notch Cancels Minecraft  ...
b Production of Indias Ambassador car suspended.
e Kate Middleton Pregnant With Twins Rumors – Prince William Wants Princess  ...
m Saudi Arabia MERS death toll rises above 100
e Box-Office Preview: 'Think Like a Man Too' to Out-Sing 'Jersey Boys'
e Kim Kardashian has blogged about racism: “I've read and personally  ...
e Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin: But what about the money?
t How Toyota Motor Corp (ADR) (NYSE:TM) Penalty Would Impact Other  ...
e New Hercules Trailer – Fresh look at the Dwayne Johnson action flick
t Astronomers discover first Earth-sized planet in the habitable zone
t Microsoft Doubles Down on Devices
b Comcast-Time Warner deal being probed by multiple states
b 10 Things You Need To Know This Morning
b Eurosceptics clinch EU poll
e 'Bachelorette' Stars Andi Dorfman and Josh Murray Share Details of Their Secret  ...
b Delays continue for Eurotunnel and Eurostar passengers after hundreds  ...
b Retail sales spike, signal improving economy
t 'Watch Dogs' Companion App: ctOS Mobile Free Download Doesn't Require  ...
e WATCH: "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1" Official Teaser Released
t The Era Of Good-Enough Smartphones
e TV's future is about to be decided by the Supreme Court
e X-Men director Bryan Singer says sexual abuse allegations are 'outrageous  ...
t REPORT: Apple Will Unveil iPhone 6 On Tuesday, Sept. 9
t National news in brief, 4/13
b LIVE NEWS CONFERENCE at 11 am: Amtrak train hits car on tracks; 3 dead
m Kamryn Renfro: Caprock Academy Board of Directors allows student with  ...
b Pfizer boss Ian Read hits back over AstraZeneca
b Why Did Ford Motor Company's Profits Get Clobbered?
e Man Charged With Raping Female at Keith Urban Concert
t New Cricket Wireless Answers Nationwide Call for Network Quality, Value Prices  ...
e Solange Knowles swings at Jay Z in elevator fight caught on video
b NJ lost 3900 jobs in January, though unemployment rate fell
e Lady Gaga Debuts 'GUY' Video Featuring Extravagant Scenes, Revealing  ...
b Amazon Reveals New Fire Phone To Challenge Apple And Samsung Devices
e David Arquette And Courteney Cox Are Engaged — But Not To Each Other
b Tesco pre-tax profits fall 6.9% to £3.05bn
e 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2' debuts with $92 million
m UPDATE 1-US MERS patient did not infect Illinois resident: CDC
b Russia driving up euro, says Draghi
e Star Wars adds two newbies to cast
e Mariah Carey And Nick Cannon Getting Along But Won't Get Back Together
e 'I Never Thought I'd Be In Love': Angelina Jolie Admits Meeting Brad Pitt Was A  ...
e Kim Kardashian Flashes Underwear In See-Through Dress Outside New York  ...
e 'Joint lit. Happy days' - 1D caught on drug video
b Bank lending to euro-zone businesses drops again
b Bayer picks up consumer unit from Merck for $14 billion
e Don Draper drinks on Mad Men. Who cares?
t Facebook's Zuckerberg Ordered to Appear in Iranian Court
t AT&T (T) Now Taking Preorders for HTC One Smartphone
t eBay cyber attack: Users urged to change passwords
e Country Hall of Fame inductees announced
b Deutsche Bank Plans Major Share Sale: Report
b Last Crumbs cupcake? Bidding starts at $250
b UPDATE 2-Yelp's business account growth falls short of expectations
b Ohio Alters Permit Conditions for Fracking After Quakes
e Gwyneth Paltrow's Goop website crashes after Chris Martin split news is posted
b Stock market aims for fifth monthly gain
t Microsoft Surface Pro 3 vs Macbook Air specs comparison: Which laptop takes  ...
m Electrical device helps paralyzed men - including Texas man - move legs
e Singer/Producer Pharrell Williams joins 'The Voice'
e Zac Efron & Michelle Rodriguez Spotted Kissing In Italy, Spark Romance Rumors
e 'Mad Men' Recap: Season premiere - 'Time Zones'
t Happy Tuesday! Apple Drops the MacBook Air Price Just For You
e 'Mad Men' Recap: Episode 5 'The Runaways'
t Rearview cameras to become standard equipment by 2018
t Official Google Analytics iOS App Now Available
e Report: Warner Bros considering Full House revival
b Chrysler Loses $690 Million After Buying Out Union Trust
b Drowning in Backlog: Obamacare's Medicaid Expansion May Be a Victim of Its  ...
m E-Cigarettes Target Youth, According to Democrats' Report
m Dallas ranks among America's least healthy cities, fitness report finds
e Lindsay Lohan Pregnant 2014: Star Reveals She had a Miscarriage -- Who is  ...
e Barbara Walters signs off after 52 years on American television
e Colbert hosting 'Late Show' raises questions, hope
b Diabetics At Center Of Health Care Battle
e Girls Star Allison Williams to Play "Peter Pan" for NBC
b Google Director L John Doerr Sells 7872 Shares (GOOGL)
t Astronomers spot most Earth-like planet yet
t Windows Phone 8.1 Update Brings Siri-rival Cortana To India
t Microsoft axes 18000 jobs as Nadella shifts focus
t Alleged Amazon smartphone prototype images leaked alongside specifications
t Automakers to recall airbags in hot, humid parts of US, including Florida
e LiLo tells Oprah she's done with partying
b Gilead Sciences EPS Estimates Improved In Past Month
t Apple and Comcast in Talks for TV Streaming Deal
m How Free Drug Samples From Your Dermatologist Are Costing You Money
e Movie Review: Melissa McCarthy's Dramedy 'Tammy' Proves Life Is Good
t (Updated) Facebook And The Ethics Of User Manipulation
e Lea Michele: Pregnant or hacked?
t Mozilla Setting Precedent for Failure in Firing CEO Over Support of Marriage
b AT&T Q1 earnings beat estimate on wireless data sales
e Allison Williams to play Peter Pan in live musical TV special
t Report: T-Mobile best, Sprint worst carrier in KC
b US court accepts $1.8bn SAC insider trading settlement
e Destiny's Child reunites for Michelle Williams' new video
t Science and climate change
b US economic growth for 4Q revised higher
t Bigfoot hair samples are mostly from bears, DNA study finds
t Germany vows to look 'very, very carefully' at BlackBerry's takeover of Secusmart
e Beyonce Leads Pack with Eight VMA Nominations
e Shailene Woodley donned disguise for The Fault In Our Stars screening
t Nintendo makes another loss despite Mario Kart 8 success
e Katt Williams 'pulled a gun on a heckler'
b Economic Calendar Full of Inflation Data Risk for Forex Markets
b Who's getting pay raises (and why)
e 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' is a Hollywood bloatation device
m Vermont health officials say state has health inequalities
t Screaming Bigger Screen: Apple to Release a 12.9-inch iPad
e 'Transformers' Soon to Become China's Highest-Grossing Film of All Time
b Illinois Unemployment Drops to 8.4 Percent
t Google launches Android smartwatches from Samsung, LG
e Eight pop culture moments worth dreading
m Oscar Pistorius trial resumes after psychiatric tests
e Chelsea Handler's Star-Studded Finale
e Johnny Depp's 'Transcendence' Is A No-Fault Box Office Bomb
t Google Glass Sells Out, Maybe
m New Alzheimer's Test Promising For Early Detection
t OnePlus One Release Date, Specs, Features, Design, Price: Everything You  ...
e Obama: Congress obstructs, so I act alone
t The 10 Most Polluted Cities in America
t Gas prices down slightly in metro Charlotte
e Kim Kardashian And Kanye West Spending On Beyoncé Wedding Performance  ...
m ACC: Vascular Disease, Marital Status Linked?
m Consumer advocates seek to raise California cap on medical malpractice awards
b UK Treasury Unveils BoE Changing of the Guard
e One Direction Wins Favorite Music Group & Favorite Song At 2014 Kids' Choice  ...
e Coachella looks back and forward in its first weekend
e NASA resets launch of carbon-monitoring satellite
b S&P 500 Tops 2000: Here's How the Index Has Changed
b Target CEO Resigns Over Controversial Data Breach
b BofA ordered to pay $1.3 bil
b Turkish students condemn PM's decision to block Twitter
m Young Dads Also Experience Postpartum Depression
m AIDS deaths fall, millions unaware of HIV-positive statutus
t Charter Shares Soar On Comcast/TWC Speculation
b Yahoo profit beats estimates at $312 million
t HTC All New One (M8): Top 10 features that will make you drool
t FCC Plan for Internet Fast Lanes Leaves Net Neutrality Behind
e Review: Chadwick Boseman's Performance Saves 'Get On Up' From Being an  ...
e '24: Live Another Day' episode 3 review: Jack Bauer continues to be Jack Bauer
e Julia Louis-Dreyfus Naked Rolling Stones Cover: Veep Actress' Nude Pic Has  ...
t Facebook shopping debate with new buy button
b BlackBerry Posts $423 Million Loss in 4th Quarter >BBRY
m 30 pc of world is now fat, no country immune
b ADP: Businesses Added 220K Jobs in April
e Baby Reveal Gone Wrong! Only Boy Goes on Epic Rant Over Getting Another  ...
e The Walking Dead Season 4 Finale Predictions: “None of Them Are Right”
e New York Times columnist comes to Colorado for the marijuana, has bad  ...
m Don't call me grandma: Births to 'older' moms on the rise
t New Meteor Shower this Weekend Potentially Dazzling or Dud
e Kim Kardashian not classy enough for Beyonce
t LG's Android Wear G Watch to have an always-on screen, will be water and dust  ...
t Snap Mode for Achievements Highlights Xbox One's July Update
t HTC guarantees next Android iteration for One phones
b Wal-Mart Sues Visa for $5 Billion for Fixing and Inflating Swipe Fees
e Colin Firth Quits Paddington Bear Movie During Post-Production
e A new Colbert for the Late Show
e Ed Sheeran Brings His Hit Single 'Sing' to the MMVAs!
e US Airways' X-rated Twitter blunder is historically bad
e Photos: Good Friday and Holy Week observed around the world
b Tim Draper Is Sole Winner of US Bitcoin Auction
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Steps Up and Takes ALS Ice Bucket Challenge, “Issues  ...
b Asian Manufacturing Activity Delights but Exports Disappoint
b Will $5B buyout bring PokerStars to Jersey?
t Senate hearing on Comcast merger comes amid major concerns
b ETF plays for the Candy Crush game maker's IPO
b Ahead of the Bell: GameStop
b California to impose water-use fines amid 'worst drought we have ever seen'
t Google's top social networking exec Gundotra departs
m BioCryst Rises on Midstage Study Results
b EBay, Carl Icahn reach truce 0
m Sierra Leone's mountain biking champion vanished from Commonwealth Games  ...
e Justin Bieber to Be Charged With Vandalism — Report
t Nokia's Updated Android Phone Takes Two SIMs for £80
m The CDC's Unprecedented Health Survey of LGBT Americans Is Missing  ...
t Apple and IBM fiddle iPhone and iPad to take chunk out of Microsoft's enterprise
t $100/month, four-line wireless family plan? T-Mobile's latest offer best yet
b Builder Confidence Grows for Sales of New Single-Family Homes
b HIGHLIGHTS-BOJ Governor Kuroda comments at news conference
b Facebook Buys Video Ad Company LiveRail to Improve Advertising
e At Kosher Bite Deli, customers fill Passover Seder plates with food, meaning and  ...
b HERC asks industry to submit recommendations for energy policy
e Jill Abramson tells Wake Forest graduates to 'show what you are made of'
t Yahoo Will Get to Hold Onto More of Alibaba
m OMICS Group International Observes World Blood Donor's Day
t Samsung Sharpens Tab 4 Prices, Expands Carrier Sales
e John Leguizamo Explains Why People Need To Reach Out To Latinos (VIDEO)
e Miley Cyrus sings 'Baby Got Back' for karaoke at Cat's Meow in New Orleans  ...
e 'Batkid Begins': Trailer Documents Miles Scott's Heroic Journey — Watch
t Sony unveils its answer to Oculus Rift
t Microsoft acknowledges critical zero-day Internet Explorer exploit
e Angus T. Jones Slams Two and a Half Men Again: I Was "Paid Hypocrite" (VIDEO)
t Massive mystery crater at 'end of the world'
t Why Apple iPad Gets Microsoft Office, But Not Android Tablets?
t [VIDEO] Mercedes-Benz AMG GT spied on the Ring
b ECB Preview -- ECB To Act On Low Inflation, But With Limited Benefits
b Toyota posts record annual...
b Griesa orders BoNY to retain payment
t Ralph Lauren's Polo Tech Shirt
b European shares slightly down
e WATCH: Celine Dion responds to Richard Dunn's 'All By Myself' airport video
e New promo images from Game of Thrones season 4 – 'Breaker of Chains' and  ...
e Mark Ruffalo holds Ben Affleck responsible 'for not being friends' with Jennifer  ...
b Today's Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, Nasdaq, S&P 500 stock market  ...
m Saudi Arabia sacks minister over handling of MERS
b Chinese PMI Rises To 50.3
b Walmart launches new tool to give customers better deals
e 'Amazing Spider-Man 2' early reviews: Plot is tangled, chemistry pulls at  ...
m Scientists trying gene therapy to create biological pacemaker
b Twitter 2Q results soar, stock flies high
b Judge: Penney interfered with Macy's pact
t Google's 'modular' smartphone
e Concert review: Lana Del Rey at the Bell Centre; May 5, 2014
b BMW to bring another 800 jobs to South Carolina
e Robert Pattinson Responds to 'Star Wars' Rumors
b Brent dips below $111
b GlaxoSmithKline in multibillion-dollar drug deal with Swiss rival Novartis
b Eye on Earnings After Record Stock Performance
b PRICE COMMENTS ON EPA EFFORTS TO CURB CARBON POLLUTION
e Justin Bieber May Have Finally Reached Rock Bottom By Getting Into A Fight At  ...
t Heartbleed Bug Rumors: OpenSSL Vulnerability Myths And Other Conspiracy  ...
e 'Allegiant' to Be Split Into 2 Films, Copying 'Hunger Games' Again
b Colorado transit rides to record rider growth in 2013
b Will This Report Help Gilead Sciences (GILD) Stock Today?
e Where to Watch the Fireworks in Brooklyn 2014
e NBC's Matt Lauer will remain on the show after his 'Today' contract is extended  ...
b Nokia names India-born Rajeev Suri as CEO
b Pilot Confusion Said Main Cause of Asiana Airlines Crash
t Apple Unleashes 'Back To School' Promotion With Loads Of Gift Cards
b Barclays to get rid of 14000 jobs this year - WBOC-TV 16, Delmarvas News  ...
e Watch the New Trailer for Horrible Bosses 2
e Ailing Paul McCartney cancels 2 more Tokyo concerts
t MS may unveil Office for iPad
e Take That: When women are the bullies
t Pluto-bound New Horizons crosses Neptune's orbit
t FTC sues T-Mobile for 'cramming' customers with bogus charges
b Security Breach Forces P.F. Chang's to Go Old School
t Women need to break stereotypes, demand fair & equal treatment says  ...
b Chrysler Confirms Plug-In Hybrid Minivan, Big SUV In 2016 And Later
m Hills police partner with DEA in prescription take back day April 26
t Toyota Fuel Cell Sedan (2015) revealed: the £40k hydrogen car is here
e Legend! Jennifer Lopez To Be Honoured With 2014 Billboard Icon Award
b US stocks: Wall Street opens flat with data on tap
t The Troubling Link Between Facebook's Emotion Study and Pentagon Research
t TECH STOCKS: Apple Continues To Climb After Earnings
t New meteor shower could offer spectacular show starting Friday
e Tiger Woods' Girlfriend Lindsey Vonn And Ex-Wife Elin Nordegren Are Best  ...
t Mother outraged after teenage boy who dresses as a girl is banned from wearing  ...
t T.Rex on 2000-Mile Road Trip from Montana to New Home in Washington
m The Surprising Places Where People Are Quitting Smoking
b Deepwater Horizon oil spill timeline, updated from April 2010 through 2014
t Alps says no complaints from GM over ignition switches
t Twitter rolls out new look to user profile pages
b Valeant Pharmaceuticals' New Offer for Allergan Falls Short
e A divisive debate over Gwyneth Paltrow's 'conscious uncoupling' comments
e Justin Bieber disses former mentor Usher in leaked court video
t Official: Audi TT Offroad Concept
b OPEC says no oil supply shortage due to Iraq
e Beyoncé too bossy in #BanBossy campaign? (Video)
e Oprah Is Now Making Tea And It Is Called 'OPRAH CHAI'
e THE REEL: Johnny Depp thriller can't “transcend” its flaws
e Wondering what to do on Passover? There's an app for that
e Iggy Azalea Congratulates Nicki Minaj at 2014 MTV Video Music Awards [VIDEO]
t AT&T Preps Major Fiber Network Expansion
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Price Tag: Lower Than Galaxy S4′s Original Asking Price?
t 'Nuisance flooding' an increasing problem as coastal sea levels rise
e Kanye West mad at wedding photographer
e Preacher Biten By Rattlesnake
t Microsoft Surface Pro 3 leaks ahead of 20 May launch event
b FORUM: Connecticut's 'Tax Freedom Day' is May 9
e Game Of Thrones Movies Being "Actively Discussed"
t Microsoft's Chinese offices raided as part of government investigations
m Electronic cigarettes may not help people stop smoking
t Ten ways that driverless cars will change the world
e True Blood Series Finale: Who Lived? Who Died? Who Ended Up with Sookie?
e '22 Jump Street' is Good, Dumb Fun
e Up-And-Coming It Girl Kate Mara Sparkles For Transcendence Premiere  ...
t Facebook developing video-chat app to rival Snapchat - report
b U.S. cuts estimate of recoverable Monterey Shale oil by 96%
e Same Actors for Han Solo, Luke Skywalker, Princess Leia Announced for New  ...
b Wall Street Ends Higher After Yellen's Low-Rate Vow
b Alibaba puts finishing touches on IPO
e Easter 2014: Best Christian movies to watch this Easter
b How the Dow Jones industrial average did Friday
e Sue Townsend was 'a warm, genuine person'
b Honeywell out with earnings
b Mink will let you 3D print custom makeup at home
m Guinea's first Ebola survivors return to family, stigma remains
t July 4 gas prices at highest level since 2008
b Apple-Beats deal to go ahead with slightly smaller price tag
e Robert De Niro Makes Surprise Appearance At Brooklyn Home
e Big Bang Drama: The Cast Shuts Down Production—Find Out Why!
t So crazy it just might work: Tesla opens up its patents to promote EV development
b TIAA-CREF buying Nuveen for $6.25 billion
e Britney Spears Unedited Vocals For 'Alien' Leaks Sans Auto-tune [LISTEN]
b Census Bureau: Warren County, most others in region post growth
m March Is Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month
b Shell selling 19 per cent stake in Australia's Woodside, estimated value of $5  ...
e Amazon launches streaming 'Prime Music' service
t NASA launches satellite to study carbon dioxide
m HEALTH: Will these 'chocolate' pills improve your heart health?
e Madonna dresses up as Daenerys Targaryen from Game Of Thrones... and looks  ...
m Online alcohol calculator shows just how much you're drinking
t Facebook Conducts Study Without User Consent
e Is There Something Going on Between Orlando Bloom and Selena Gomez?
e Here's Matt Lauer and Al Roker in Sharknado 2, for Some Reason
e Bryan Cranston helps teen ask girl to the prom in 'Breaking Bad' character (Video)
b Fall in profits hurts Pfizer shares
b German Inflation Slows as ECB Prepares for Interest-Rate Meeting
b Refinance and Mortgage Rates Sunday: PHH Mortgage Jun 29, 2014
b Argentina heads into second default in 13 years as talks with US creditors break  ...
b Energy OPEC Secretary General Says No Shortage Of Oil
e 'Cesar Chavez': a noble portrait of the civil-rights leader
e Sentinels Attack in Amazing First Clip from X-Men: Days of Future Past
e 'Scandal' Blooper Reel: Jimmy Kimmel Has All the Wine Drinking, Dancing and  ...
b Today's Mortgage Rates at Bank of America (Wednesday, March 19)
e In photos: Cinco de Mayo celebrations
t Rumor: Apple (AAPL) Launching 8GB iPhone 5C This Week
e Jimmy Savile gave Rolf Harris guided tour of Broadmoor
e White House sets no deadline for Russia on Ukraine
e “Guardians of the Galaxy”: Marvel's goofy, exhausting and faintly fascist new  ...
e Scott Derrickson to Direct Marvel's DOCTOR STRANGE
t 4.7-inch iPhone 6 Compared In Size To Galaxy S5, HTC One M8, More [Images]
e Jessica Simpson And Eric Johnson Throws Pre-Wedding Party
t Sony Xperia Z2 Compact aka Xperia A2 spotted in leaked NTT DoCoMo brochure
t LG's G3 smartphone has super high-res screen, camera with laser-assisted focus
e Remembering the 'Warrior'
t Intel unveils Bay Trail Chromebooks
e Chris Pratt Surprised Kids At a NYC Screening of Guardians of the Galaxy Last  ...
b Tax savings spur Tim Hortons-Burger King merger talks
e Stephen Colbert 'Only Logical Successor' for Letterman, Leslie Moonves Says
t Photos of Freakish Shark Reveal Another Big Find
m Preventable skin cancer up in Canada
e Real World 101: Celebrate all types of mothers on Sunday
t Nokia Suspends Lumia 2520 Sales Over Risk Over Electric Shocks
m 'Radical action required': Drug-resistant malaria spreads in Asia, Africa
e Report: Malia Obama's summer job is working on a TV show
m Invasive bladder cancer source found
e VIDEO: Steve Carell, Channing Tatum in First Official Trailer for FOXCATCHER
t 5 facts about Google's self-driving cars (and why 2017 is still a reality)
e N Korea slams US film on Kim assassination
m Woman bets she'll lose big -- wins $330, loses 140 pounds
e 'Mad Men' Season 7, Episode 4, 'The Monolith': TV Recap
b High Country Post Offices Open Regular Hours Tax Day
t Clock is ticking: World ill-prepared for climate change risks
t Woman or machine? New robots look eerily like humans
b Navy to test electromagnetic gun aboard high-speed vessel in 2016 (VIDEO)
e Disney's Maleficent shows no one good or evil
b Oil prices falter as market looks to Libyan supply resumption
t It Took eBay Three Months To Figure Out 145 Million User Accounts Were Hacked
b Angela Ahrendts gets sizzling $68 million welcome at Apple. Too much?
t Russian hackers will turn off electricity
t Foretelling Devastating Impact, Will White House Climate Report Spark Action  ...
m 2014 Ebola Outbreak: Sierra Leone Declares Emergency, Death Toll Now 729
t Rumor: New MacBook Air With Updated Intel Haswell Coming
b Tesla retains permission to sell cars directly in Columbus
e Justin Bieber 'very sorry' for N-Word joke
b Stocks open lower on Wall Street, led by banks
t China confirms Microsoft probe for 'monopoly' actions
e Birthday Honours: Angelina Jolie Made Honorary Dame By The Queen
e Artist Is Giving Boat Rides at Frieze New York Art Fair
e Letter: He is risen
e Justin Bieber Dedicates SXSW Song to 'Ex' Selena Gomez
b Advisory firm wants majority of Target board members voted out over breach
e 'Rosemary's Baby,' TV review
e Easter Sunrise Service planned for the Immokalee community
e Oakland woman who collapsed at Coachella dies
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 vs. Nexus 7
e Cancer Perks, or, the Fault in 'The Fault in Our Stars'
b US home prices dip in Jan. for 3rd straight month
b Feds Order SunTrust to Provide $540 Million in Relief to Homeowners for  ...
t Microsoft Planning Major Company-Wide Layoffs?
b Factory production in India expands at slightly faster pace in May: HSBC PMI
b Fitch keeps South Africa at BBB, outlook to negative
e Marvel Previews 'Guardians Of The Galaxy' Special 'Original Sin' Issue
b The City of Birmingham is Preparing for Uber
e Meet the man 'All by Himself' at Vegas airport
e Would You Buy A 9/11 Key Chain? Memorial Gift Shop Makes Some Cringe
t Unlocking your phone will be legal
e Cara Delevingne Gives Michelle Rodriguez A Wet, Topless Embrace On Their  ...
m OWWA joins search for Etihad passengers
b Abolishing renewable energy target offers short-term gain, long-term pain
e Disney and other studios sue Megaupload over copyright
e Miley Cyrus Forced To Cancel 'Bangerz' Tour Show
b Families of Chinese Passengers on Missing Plane Demand more Answers
b Jamie Dimon, CEO of JPMorgan, diagnosed with throat cancer
m Study shows fist bumps spread fewer germs than handshakes, high-fives
m Ah-Choo! Dayton ranked among U.S. allergy capitals
e Brooks Wheelan let go from Saturday Night Live, jokes about it on Twitter
b Shanghai shares end at 3-week low on new bank rules and weak data
e How to Make the World's Best Grilled Cheese
b Griesa orders BNY Mellon not to pay restructured bondholders
t 5 Reasons You Should Wait For Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Release
e Veronica Mars Movie Cheat Sheet: What To Know If You Didn't Watch The Show
t Scientists discover new dinosaur species called 'chicken from hell'
t Friday the 13th's Strawberry Moon is almost too unlucky
b Amazon Adds Digital Comic Books to Its Content Super Team
e Important Takeaways From The 'Miley Cyrus: Bangerz Tour' Special
b Alcoa to spend $2.85 billion in British jet engine components maker Firth Rixson  ...
b Gilead earnings buoyed by Hepatitis-C drug
b FOREX-Dollar falls versus yen on renewed geopolitical concerns
b Fewest firings since 2007 bode well for jobs
e Former Idyllwild resident 'Bronze Buckaroo' Herb Jeffries dies at 100
t Nadella's Tough Call at Microsoft
t Twitter investigating outage
e 'Scandal' cast member Jeff Perry admits watching 'The Wire' is on his to-do list  ...
m 10 Things You Need to Know for Wednesday
b German Customs Seize 14 Cocaine-Filled Condoms Headed To The Vatican
e VMA Highlights: Nicki Malfunctions, Miley Goes Mute, Sam Smith Mesmerizes  ...
t Physicist: 'Blind luck' is all that prevents 'city-killer' asteroids from striking Earth
e Bunny Yeager, Model & Photographer For Bettie Page, Dies at 85
e Blue Ivy busts out flawless moves
m Paramedic enjoys voguing session while driving
e Justin Bieber's Shrine Visit Angers Korea, Twice
t Woman laughs as her tailgater gets 'Instant Karma'
b Crumbs is Shutting Down Its Stores: America Is Over Cupcakes, It Seems
e Kanye West and Kim Kardashian are married!
b Marathon skids after buying Hess's retail business for $2.87 bln
e Captain America 2 Scarlett Johansson's BLACK WIDOW Character
e Brad Paisley Takes on Westboro Baptist Church Protesters in Unique Way
m Schumacher's wife puts on brave face during first public appearance post ski  ...
m Man collapses, thief caught on camera doing the "unthinkable"
m Do E-Cigarettes Help Smokers Quit? It Depends on Whom You Ask
t Riptide GP2 game indicates Android TV really is coming
e Jane Fonda And Lily Tomlin Get Ditched By Their Husbands In New Netflix Series
b General Motors share price falls as company faces criminal probe
e Did Rob Kardashian skip Kim's wedding over body issues - or was it staged for  ...
e 'Harry Potter' Author JK Rowling Teaming with HBO and the BBC for Small  ...
b Twitter names Noto new CFO
b Icahn abandons push for eBay to sell PayPal
t Next Mars rover to include MIT-led instrument
e Sunrise, Special Services Planned For Easter Sunday
t How Google scans your Gmail
t Google Previews New Designs for Its Modular Smartphones
t 'Godzilla' of Earths circles distant star according to experts
m Seven+ daily portions of fruit and veg `best chance to stave off death from any  ...
e 'Guardians of the Galaxy' basks in its silliness
m CDC under scrutiny for safety lapses
t Gas prices drop 4 cents in Rhode Island
b China and Russia Best frenemies
m A Surprising New View Of Flu: Rethinking The 1918 Pandemic
m Research reveals the lasting impact of bullying
e Emma Watson in recovery mode after filming Noah
b Four real estate groups among world's most ethical companies
e Pippa Middleton on Her Famous Bridesmaid Dress: It Was Meant to Be  ...
e Shia LaBeouf Continues to Get in Trouble With the Law
t Netflix to Pay Verizon for Faster Access to Broadband Network
m Doctors use 3D-printed device to help baby breathe on his own
e Brad Pitt: I cracked 'nutter' twice in the head for trying to bury his face in my crotch
b Postal workers union protest Staples kiosks
t Neanderthals Did Eat Vegetables: Evidence Suggests Ancient Humans Enjoyed  ...
t LG's Google Watch presentation coming soon
b Getting Technical With The Biotech ETF [iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index  ...
t Facebook delivers your Web-browsing habits to advertisers
b Some missing bitcoins are found
b PPG Buying Comex For $2.3B
b Unions push legislatures for labor history courses
e Harrison Ford fractures ankle on Star Wars set
t Privacy Group Complains to FTC About Facebook Emotion Study
e Mila Kunis: 'Ashton Kutcher's proposal was best day of my life'
t Google Brings Glass to US for $1500
e Weekend Box Office: 'Neighbors' and 'Chef'
t Apple en route to acquire Beats Electronics for $3.2 billion, sources say
e Selena Gomez 'Sits On Justin Bieber's Lap' As Couple Get Cosy At Coachella  ...
m FDA proposes first rules on e-cigarettes: Here's what you need to know before  ...
e Josh Elliott leaves 'Good Morning America' and is replaced by Amy Robach
e 'The Blacklist' Gets Post Superbowl Spot; Live 'The Music Man' to Air on NBC in  ...
m Mississippi Health Officials Investigate First Possible Case of Chikungunya Virus
t Act on climate change issue now before it's too late: UN
b Federal revenue for April is most since start of recession
m Teen alcohol use, sexual activity, and smoking decreasing, CDC finds
t Internet Explorer bug lets hacker control your PC
e The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back  ...
m Pancreatic Cancer May Become Second Leading Cause of Cancer Death
t Don't Recognize That Wireless Fee? A Refund May Be Coming
t Google internet eyewear heads for UK
b Vlasic Left on Shelf Amid Hillshire Bidding War: Real M&A
t New deal on Office 365 for Australian business
e Disney dates Captain America 3
e Beyoncé Knowles Tops Forbes Celebrity 100 List
t Android L Unveiled At Google IO 2014: Top 5 Changes We are Expecting To  ...
e Area churches plan Easter week services
e 'Godfather Of House' Frankie Knuckles dies aged 59
m WHO: Radical action needed on Ebola
e Ariana Grande MTV special to air tomorrow
t Apple to unveil smart home platform at WWDC 2014: Report
b BoJ says Japan economy improving, dampens easing speculation
b MH370: My heart is broken, says mother of passenger on missing jet
b AT&T & DirecTV Reportedly Near $50 Billion Deal To Put Satellite On Death Star
e Gabriel Garcia Marquez: Latin America's literary icon and bestselling author
b Barnes Noble to split book and Nook business
e Steven Colbert: America's Civics Professor
m At 3500 calories, 'Monster' meal from Red Robin named the unhealthiest
e In pictures: Kate Middleton and comedian John Bishop visit school to help  ...
b Exxon profit surges, but production slips - WNCN: News, Weather
b World stocks rise after US manufacturing report - New Jersey Herald
t McAfee's free tool allows you to check a site for Heartbleed vulnerability
t Should your loved ones have access to your online accounts after you die?
e Trailer released for upcoming 'Hobbit' film
e It's a Baby Girl for Kelly Clarkson!
b USD/JPY - Flat As BOJ Minutes Point to Dissent
b Deutsche Bank profit report reflects challenges
t Box patches Heartbleed flaw in its cloud storage systems
e Watch Gwen Stefani, Avril Lavigne, Dave Grohl & Tons More Sing Goodbye to  ...
t Excavation Locates Unsold Atari 2600 Video Games In New Mexico Desert
e Kimye's wedding guests to get private tour of Versailles
b Bitcoins Will Be Taxed As Property, Not Currency
e Updated: Pussy Riot Denies Talks to Star in 'Spring Breakers 2
b Freddie Mac: Fixed Mortgage Rates Went Up Amid Weak Housing Data
e 'Divergent' Stars Answer Your Facebook Fan Q's!
t Office breaks out on the iPad
e Yahoo could make original TV shows like Netflix and Amazon
b Saudi Arabia proposes OPEC meets once yearly
e 10 Things to Remember about Author Maya Angelou
t All-new meteor shower: 5 things to know about Camelopardalid
b Greenpeace loses $5.2M on rogue employee trading - KTVN Channel 2 - Reno  ...
m India declared polio-free, but global risks persist
m Do this and you'll help prolong your life by 30 percent, study says
e Jolie's performance the highlight of 'Maleficent'
b Jeff Bezos Overwhelms Amazon Shareholders in Annual Letter
b Row over costs may hinder safety response
e GUNS & HOSES FIGHT CARD
e Amazing Spider-Man 2 Director Marc Webb Name-Drops Kraven the Hunter As  ...
b European taxi drivers protest new competition
e Justin Bieber sung at his manager's wedding at the weekend
e Bill Murray crashes bachelor party, gives guests romance advice
m Using meth while pregnant: That's assault in Tennessee
t Samsung rebrands its mobile app store as Samsung Galaxy Apps
t Why Amazon's Spending $970M on Twitch
t OkCupid Asks Users To Boycott Firefox Because The Company's CEO Is Anti  ...
t Forget Google, Amazon Buying Twitch Streaming Service for More Than $1 Billion
e Beyoncé and Jay Z release short movie 'Run' ahead of their US tour
b Wal-Mart tool allows shoppers to compare competitor prices
e Watch The 2014 BET Awards Performances
e Kim Kardashian And Kanye West Reportedly Honeymoon In Ireland
e Hilary Duff on Mike Comrie Split: "Maybe We're Not Meant To Be"
t Average Gasoline Prices Increase by Two Cents in Texas
b Weibo IPO Rises Above Drooping Expectations
b VIX settlement at 12.27 for May
e Best Gourmet Ice Cream Trucks Around the Country
t UN issues guide to slow climate change
t Tech CEOs Say the Darndest Things
m Aid groups steel for Ebola onslaught
e Jennifer Lopez, Keith Urban & Harry Connick, Jr. Returning to American Idol
e Banksy strikes again?
e Divergent Friday Box Office Reaches $22.8 Million as Weekend Estimates Fall
b Piketty On Inequality: Can Macroeconomists Solve This Problem?
b For most, April 15 isn't much of a deadline
t Tibetans inherited high-altitude gene from extinct human lineage, say scientists
t New GM recall affects 1.3 million cars
b Oil crisis in Libya reaches agreement with rebels
b Samsung earnings hit by slowing China sales - WXOW News 19 La Crosse, WI  ...
b Intimidation, vandalism at Numsa strike
b IMF, G-20 to Meet: US Recovery Puts Onus on Europe,China
b UPDATE 2-BNP Paribas CEO tells employees bank facing heavy US penalties
b BNP Investigators Looking at Individual Roles, Vance Says
b European voters favour integration over disintegration
e 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' second trailer released (Video)
b Unilever sales top estimates; may sell Ragu, SlimFast
e “Conscious Uncoupling”, NOT DIVORCE that Gwyneth Paltrow And Husband  ...
t eBay makes users change passwords
e Review: Neil Patrick Harris crushes it in 'Hedwig'
e 'The Originals' episode 17 preview: Joseph Morgan, 'Move Over Bourbon Street  ...
e Kim Kardashian And Katie Couric End Feud, Pose Together At Hamptons Party
m Four Paraplegic Men Voluntarily Move Their Legs, an 'Unprecedented  ...
m Liberia and Senegal Close Land Borders with Guinea-a New Issue in the West  ...
e Final "X-Men: Days Of Future Past" Trailer Finally Sees Mutants Fighting Sentinels
t Watch the Microsoft Worldwide Partner Conference keynote here
b Emirates cancels Airbus order
e Kim Kardashian & Kanye West's Matching "Just Married" Leather Jackets--All  ...
e Box-office preview: Moviegoers to choose 'Divergent' over 'Muppets'
m Boston Mom Gives Birth To 14.5 Pound Baby! See The Insanely Squishy Cheeks  ...
b Might Be Time to Short the Euro
e American Idol judges return for Season 14
t FTC warns mobile carriers to crack down on cramming
b McDonald's jobs lead to 'real careers,' CEO insists amid wage protests
t Canada says tax ID numbers stolen after 'Heartbleed' breach
t Amazon Reveals Kindle Unlimited eBook Subscription Service
e 'Odd Future' Rapper Played Sold-Out Show after Jail
e Beyonce's Sister Solange Knowles Attacks Jay-Z Inside an Elevator – CCTV Video
b Samsung Sees Phone Rebound After Earnings Miss Estimates
m UT experts encourage public to stop indoor tanning, protect your skin
m Cases of chikungunya confirmed in Boston-area
e Seth MacFarlane pledges for 'Reading Rainbow'
e Fans relieved Sir Paul McCartney to make 'complete recovery'
e Khloe Kardashian Parties in Las Vegas With New Man French Montana
e Game of Thrones movie needed to "tie things up", says author
e 'Field of Dreams' town prepares for anniversary
m Second West Nile Virus Death Confirmed in Mississippi
e Adam Sandler 'always pulling for' Drew Barrymore 0
t Blood moon set for Monday night: How and when to watch this celestial wonder
e Peanuts: Get your first glimpse of the new Charlie Brown movie
t Iceland lowers volcano air alert
b Source: American Apparel to receive financing
e Jordana Brewster, Vin Diesel pay tribute to Paul Walker at MTV Awards
t VIDEO: Tampa woman being tailgated by driver, records road rage on camera  ...
e Depp has high hopes for 'Pirates 5'
e Showbiz Fix: L'Wren Scott Laid To Rest, Chris Martin & Gwyneth Paltrow Split  ...
e Mad Men's Season 7 Premiere: Is It Too Late for Don Draper to Change?
e Stamp of approval: Postal Service unveils circus series
e Thursday Link-A-Mania
e 'Godzilla' opens with smashing $93.2 million, second-largest debut of the year
b Whose Water? Ours! How to End California's Water Crisis
e Khloe Kardashian Skips Coachella for French Montana
e Elton John sets up Frankie Knuckles fund
e Bachelorette Contestant Eric Hill Dies After Paragliding Accident
e Who Wins the Bachelorette 2014: Andi Picks Top 3 - RealitySteve Spoilers
b Taxi drivers to protest over popular use of smartphone app
m Questions surrounding Hepatitis A scare
e Miley Can't Stop, Won't Stop (So Don't Hold Your Breath)
e People in the news
t T-Mobile Bans 'Outrageous' Overage Fees, Challenges Rivals to Do the Same
e Elle Fanning still in awe of Angelina Jolie after Maleficent
e Matt Damon Does ALS Ice Bucket Challenge Using Toilet Water, Nominates  ...
e Speed, old tyres killed actor Paul Walker
b Malaysian Airlines To Be Delisted From Stock Exchange, Made Fully State-Owned
e Mila Kunis makes guest appearance in Two and A Half Men alongside fiancé  ...
t Google closing in on deal with Twitch
b MARKET SNAPSHOT: US Stocks Edge Lower Ahead Of Factory Orders
e Of Mice and Men - Broadway
b Burger King to buy Canada's Tim Hortons for $11.5B
e (click the phrases to see a list)
b Reports: Sprint, T-Mobile near $32B deal
t Watch Wars: Apple Snags Tag Heuer VP of Sales and Retail
e False Alarm: Chris Colfer Is Not Abandoning The "Glee" Ship
t Cadillac introduces wireless mobile phone charging on ATS luxury sedan and  ...
b Global cues positive, Nifty may follow trend
t Nokia's devices & services biz to be renamed Microsoft Mobile Oy; Chennai plant?
t Microsoft to cut 18000 jobs in its biggest layoff ever
t New dwarf planet VP113 is most distant in solar system
m Obesity-related feeding behaviors common among parents of infants
m Study: Baby gates not always safe
e Movie review: 'Transcendence' is a smart sci-fi action film
b IPOs swamp market, swim against 'bubble' tide
e 6 Iranians arrested for dancing to 'Happy' song in online video
m Jefferson Co. resident contracts 5th case of Chikungunya virus i - WAFF-TV  ...
b Why you should care about Alibaba
t Even Elon Musk's To-Do List Is Not Ordinary
b Events in Iraq affecting Bay area gas prices
e Rare Video of FDR Walking Surfaces in Pa.
e Ultimate Warrior 'Raw' Tribute: WWE Wrestlers, Fans Honor James Hellwig With  ...
t Fecal fossils show Neanderthal diet
t Twitter now lets you add up to four images to tweets, introduces tagging
t Yes, Facebook Buying Oculus Is Dumb... For Now
e Bitcoin Makes Aliyah as Virtual Currency Gains Favor in Israel
b Disney Profits Rise 27% in Q2
e Anti-hunting activists outraged by Texas Tech cheerleader
b US Transportation, Healthcare Employees to have impressive Pay Raise
e Nick Lachey Reveals Wife Vanessa Is Pregnant With Baby Number Two
e Kim Kardashian Instagrams Her Most Revealing Wedding Picture Yet
t Sony Says That The PS4 Has Sold 7 Million Units Worldwide
e Lorde meets baseball player who inspired Royals
e The trailer for Brad Pitt's WWII tank film 'Fury' is grim and gritty
e Agent 13 AKA Sharon Carter Gets A Captain America: The Winter Soldier Poster
b Arthur J. Gallagher to Buy Australian Wesfarmers' Insurance Brokerage
t Apple, Samsung trade barbs; debate the role of Google
b BANK OF AMERICA: We Screwed Up Calculating How Much Capital We Have  ...
m Chronic inflammation associated with aggressive prostate cancer
m Home Community HDSB raises awareness on youth mental health in...
m Friends tend to be genetically similar
b Barclays to Refocus Asian Operations to Stress Global Banking Services
b Senator: Caterpillar Avoided Billions In Texas
m Dr. Oz taken to task by Senate for endorsing diet products that don't work
t Plastic debris widespread on ocean surface
t Gas prices rise in NH, Maine
e Shia LaBeouf and his amazing thunder-stealing abilities
e CELEB GOSS: Did Courtney Love find lost Malaysian plane?
e The First Star Wars Spinoff Movie Gets A Director!
e Game of Thrones (experts): “Mockingbird”
e 'Dragon' sequel avoids recycling story
m Fluorescent dye may help spot date-rape drug in drinks
m New Study Suggests Teens Who Send Dirty Texts Are More Likely to Be  ...
e Miley Cyrus' Trippy New Video
t Apple Pitch to Programmers Shows Rising Tech Threat From Google
e Beyoncé and Blue Ivy Wear Matching Dolce & Gabbana Dresses
b N.C.'s Senate Commerce Committee fast-tracks fracking, tries to prevent  ...
t Charter Urges Defeat Of 'Flawed' Time Warner-Comcast Deal
t This Software Will Let Anyone Create Virtual Reality Games
e Lupita Nyong'o Most Beautiful Person, According to People
m Health Officials Prepare for a Possible New...
e GEORGE STRAIT IS THIS YEAR'S ACM ENTERTAINER OF THE YEAR  ...
t Phone-enabled Gear Smartwatch to be launched by Samsung
t Around 20 Percent Of The Fish We Catch Go To Waste
e 'Sons of Guns' reality show star Will Hayden arrested for rape of 11-year-old child
e Wiz Khalifa arrested for marijuana
e Scoop: EXTANT on CBS - Tonight, July 9, 2014
e Brad Pitt displays new tattoo of Rumi poem as he plays ball with Matthew  ...
b Detroit pension board endorses deal to cut benefits
t Windows 8.1 Update Issues [How to Fix]
e Freddie Prinze Jr. Unloads on Kiefer Sutherland (Here's the Audio) ... and  ...
m Two-day summit in Ghana to stop Ebola
m Reds, MLB honor breast cancer survivors on Mother's Day
b LinnCo LLC: LINN Energy Announces $2.3 Billion Acquisition of Assets from  ...
b Level 3 to buy TW Telecom for $5.7 billion
t Twitter Mute silences timeline from the unwanted vocal
t War and Pace: app lets you read fast
t Largest dinosaur weighed some 77 tones, 40 meter long
t Google earnings: What investors will be watching
t Wake Up, Internet -- Time to Save Yourself
t Google Maps Pokemon-themed April Fools joke is cruel yet well played
e Dear America: Robert Pattinson is homeless and needs your help
t Graco expands recall to include 1.9 million infant car seats
e UPDATE 1-'Godzilla' tramples rivals with summer season's first monster hit
b German investor sentiment drops in March: ZEW
m Doubts about stem cell research are a setback for Japanese efforts to promote  ...
t Cousteau nears end of underwater experiment off Florida
e Met Opera cancels 'Klinghoffer' simulcast
e Zack Snyder teases the Batmobile
e Justin Bieber 'Breaking Selena Gomez's Heart With Failure To Commit To  ...
b Bank Capital Ratio Strength Offset By Non-Performing Loans
b Daily FX Report
b Yellen meets the press
e Disney looks to tap Chinese spending power
e America Ferrera is over journo crawling under her dress
t FCC Chairman Defends Net Neutrality Proposals As Protecting Competition
m West African nations in Ebola crisis talks
e Paramount Pictures apologise for Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 'skyscraper' poster
t Aussie iPhone, iPad users held to ransom in widespread hacks
t Just another flagship or the ultimate smartphone?
t Prepare for Watch Dogs' Worldwide Release with a Trailer
e Festivalgoers Roll Into Town for Second Coachella Weekend
t Should we consider trying to manipulate earth's climate?
e See All of the Women George Clooney Dated Before Settling Down with Amal  ...
e Oh look! It's the lesser-spotted Kardashians
b Amazon acquires digital-comics hub ComiXology
e Three Arrested in New York in $33 Million Fake Art Scam
b GoPro shares soar on 1st day of trading
e On Saturday, Record Store Day, Jack White records, releases 'world's fastest  ...
m Omron 7 -- the next generation blood pressure monitor?
e Denzel Washington Wipes The Floor With Bad Guys, Chloë Grace Moretz Rocks  ...
t June Sales: PS4 Still Leading Consoles, 'Watch Dogs' Number 1 in Software
b Barclays to cut 7000 jobs at investment bank
e Rolf Harris trial: Entertainer sings in witness box as he takes stand to deny  ...
t Destiny Release Date: Free Beta Access with Pre-orders (5/16 Update)!
e Britney Spears is reportedly planning to marry boyfriend David Lucado at Elvis  ...
e Kevin Costner visits Field of Dreams for movie's 25th anniversary
t Post-ban: Sony's deal to get PlayStations into China
t Samsung Galaxy F gets a Prime leak, and this one has a golden touch
t No joke: You can time travel using Google Street View
b Michigan Consumer Sentiment: April Final Of 84.6 Beats Expectations
t Samsung Galaxy Note Pro 12.2 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 2014 – Price and  ...
e Noah Movie Review [WATCH VIDEO]
e Why 'Guardians of the Galaxy' Is This Generation's 'The Last Starfighter'
e TV Ratings: 'How I Met Your Mother' finale hits highs, but 'Blacklist' helps NBC  ...
t Weekly gas prices: Nickel drop
m Recharging aging brains could be in the (young) blood
b TSX Rises As Tim Hortons Perks Up On BK Merger -- Canadian Commentary
m What about thermometers and piping hot? UK FSA says stop washing that  ...
b Mortgage Rates Today: Fixed, ARM and FHA Refinance Mortgage Rates at  ...
m Lansal, Sherman Produce recall hummus and walnuts over Listeria concerns
t Sony Xperia Z2 Will Be Sold in the U.S., Release Date Set for Summer
m Ebola Unlikely to Spread to US
t Google accused of press censorship
e Australia strips Rolf Harris of honors after sex crime convictions
b UPDATE 9-Oil prices climb again amid escalating violence in Iraq
b First Rush Hour Of Pulaski Project Will Be Big Test For Many Commuters
b Missing jet: China ships trawl new area in Indian Ocean
t Amazon Appstore Coming to BlackBerry 10 Phones
b Iran says replica US aircraft carrier is really a movie prop
t Car Maker Tesla Open Its Patents to All
b Argentina Sues US at UN International Court of Justice Over Debt Default
t Rough $10 Diamond Provides Evidence for Vast "Hidden Ocean" in the Earth
e Beyonce Emotional At VMAs Because Of Divorce Rumors? Jay Z Marriage  ...
m Study says 12 million in US misdiagnosed every year
e 'American Idol' 2014 Top 4 'Love: Break-Ups and Make-Ups' Night recap; is  ...
m Are Electronic Cigarettes a Public Good or Health Hazard?
e First lady Michelle Obama says veterans face 'unacceptable' difficulties in  ...
m Recalls this week include wireless tracking wristbands, electric bicycles  ...
t U.S. Northeast already hit by climate change, says major report
t CONSUMER ALERT: Hyundai recalls 883K Sonatas to fix gear shifters
b Dollar gains on upbeat US personal spending data
m Largest Study of Its Kind Finds Strong Connection Between Marriage and Heart  ...
b Gasoline prices look familiar
m US Tumbles on 'Best and Worst Places for Mothers' List
b Can Burger King Break Higher?
m University of Edinburgh study: Another case for bilingualism - healthy brain aging
e Supreme Court says punches can keep flying in 'Raging Bull' lawsuit | The  ...
e Veronica Mars Review (From Someone Who Never Saw The Show): Definitely  ...
e Solange and Jay Z: who Knowles what it was all about?
e Meryl Davis wins 'Dancing with the Stars'
e UPDATE 1-Rolling Stones cancel Australian concert after L'Wren Scott death
e Review Roundup: Costner, Garner Hit Theaters in DRAFT DAY
t Pokemon hunting among Google's list of April Fools' Day jokes
e Lindsey Vonn, Elin Nordegren 'close friends': report
e At last, a smart film about the legendary James Brown
e Miley Cyrus hospitalised, cancels concert due to severe allergic reaction
b Import Prices Rise on Strong Energy Demand
b Two vessels collide, others grounded amid gusting winds off Virginia coast
m No, legalizing medical marijuana doesn't lead to crime, according to actual crime  ...
b PUC president's unethical behavior laid bare
t Tech Stocks Still Adding to Earlier Gains; Intel, Chinese Rival Teaming to Work  ...
t What is Spritz? Learn to Read 1000 Words a Minute
m World Health Organisation: 'E-Cigarettes should be treated exactly like tobacco'
t Galaxy S5 Gets Samsung Knox 2.0 Security Software
m DOH: 366 of 414 Etihad EY 0424 passengers have been contacted
t This App Will Make You Perfectly Tailored Earbuds By Scanning Your Ears
e Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Will Now Be Available As A Cable TV Channel
e From the Web: LDS Church releases #itwasmom video
m Health Officials: MERS Patient To Return Home Soon
b In brief | Nation & World | 5-26-14
t 2 Penn State researchers debunk 'Goldilocks' planet around dwarf star 20 light  ...
e Singer calls sex abuse claims 'shakedown'
b China condemns attack on Russian embassy in Ukraine's capital
m Study calls prisons, jails America's 'new asylums'
e Drake Bell Squashes Those Justin Bieber Feud Rumors
e Cathedral of Hope participates in Good Friday walk
b Good News for Housing -- April New Home Sales Surge
e Audrey Peeples and others cast to star in 'Jem and the Holograms'
e Met Gala 2014 Red Carpet: See All The Glamorous Dresses (PHOTOS)
t 2015 Chevrolet Corvette Z06 Convertible Debut
e AOL.com Article - Teen's big-game hunting photos spark outrage
t Introducing the World's First Harley-Davidson Electric Motorcycle
t Google's interactive doodle celebrates Rubik's Cube 40th anniversary
b Euro hits three-month low after German data surprise
e Godzilla crushes the box office
e HBO No GO: Your Game of Thrones Streaming Woes Don't Matter
t Nasa presents Mars-landing concept for manned mission
e Wired Exclusive: MTV Movie Awards Sneak Peek & Snooki Talks Pregnancy!
m Sports & Energy Drink Consumption Linked to Unhealthy Teen Behaviors
b Yum's profit rises as KFC sales in China rebound
e Justin Bieber channels James Dean in latest Instagram picture
t New cheap, environment-friendly solar cell developed
b Our Mobile Apps
b Major Acquisitions Now A Necessary Part Of Pfizer's Future Strategy
e 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' fans rejoice: Movie trailer is here
e Scotty McCreery: 'It Was Definitely A Scary Night'
t Your Friday funny: The Daily Show riffs on Google Glass wearers
e New movies this week: 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier,' 'Jinn'
b Mortgage Interest Rates Up at PHH Mortgage Tuesday Mar 18
e 14-year-old arrested for tweeting terror threat
t Climate change affecting entire US: to have enormous financial impacts
b BNP admits guilt, to pay $8.9-bn fine
b Chipotle sales surge as customers flock to its Mexican fare
b Gold at $1295 on Economic Optimism
b Etihad agrees to take 49% stake in Alitalia
b Yanukovich demands vote on each Ukrainian region's status
t Google removing steering wheels from driverless cars
e Tila Tequila Expecting Her First Baby- The Reality Star Reveals First Pregnancy  ...
e James Franco: Lindsay Lohan 'Told Lies' About Sleeping With Me
m US government approves study on medical marijuana treatment for military  ...
b Obama Suggests Putin Should Get Over Loss of Soviet Union
t Apple TV and Mac mini receive price drops across Europe
t Samsung Galaxy Note 2 Android 4.4.2 Update Now Rolling out at AT&T
b Airbus loses order for 70 of its A350
m Invasive Cancer Rate Drops In US
t Bigfoot and Sasquatch hair samples no match for DNA analysis
b BNP will pay $9B for violations
m Why Is Your Diet Gluten-Free?
e Vincent van Goghs Left Ear Produced By Artificially Engendered Tissue For  ...
e Home»News»World»3 people charged in confrontation with security guards at  ...
b MRV Joins Russell Microcap Index
t LINUX/OPEN SOURCE Tesla Handing Over the Keys to Its Technology
m Cialis could soon be Over-the-counter drug, but health experts are worried
e Lawsuit protesting classification of Insane Clown Posse fans as a 'gang' is  ...
e Keeping Up With The Kardashians cancelled? Kim Kardashian unveils video  ...
t Smartphone Industry Promises 'Kill Switch' To Reduce Thefts
e Nicki Minaj, Ariana Grande and Jessie J Open the VMAs With a 'Bang'
e X-Men director 'sexually abused teen boy'
e Local record shops to celebrate Record Shop Day on April 19
b Jobs “Recovery” Cools
e Jay Leno To Receive Nation's Top Humor Prize
e Angelina Jolie Wants to Be Experimental & Raw with Brad Pitt in New Movie  ...
b Last call to apply for health insurance until 2015
e 'Fifty Shades Of Grey' Star Rita Ora Reveals She Used Earpiece With Someone  ...
e Ariana Grande And Zedd Break Free
t Intel Reaches 5GHz with New Core I7 Chip for Gamers
e Robert Downy Jr. says son 'inherited' his drug issues
b McDonald's to offer free coffee as breakfast war heats up
t Microsoft's CEO May Unveil Office For iPad On March 27
e 'Bachelorette' contestant Eric Hill dies
b London close: Russia, China concerns keep FTSE firmly in red
t Facebook Goes Down For More Than 2 Hours
m Solano County confirms its first human case of West Nile Virus this year
b China, Vietnam Spar Over Oil Rig In South China Sea
t Media under attack from hackers: Google researchers
m Ebola: SA airports equipped with special scanners
b US Federal Reserve reduces 2014 growth forecast
b Postal Workers, Others Protest Staples
e 'The Hunger Games: Mockingjay' Debuts President Snow's Address
e Winter thrills
t Apple and IBM forge landmark partnership, to bring business apps iPhone, iPad
t Apple May Acquire Beats Electronics For $3.2 Billion
b Dov Charney, ousted CEO, increases stake in American Apparel
t Google's modular phone called Project Ara will be arriving January 2015
e Prepare for Your 'Mad Men' Viewing Party with These Cocktail Recipes
e Zac Efron Socked In Jaw By Homeless Man On Drug Infested Skid Row In Los  ...
t How Will Microsoft (MSFT) Stock Be Affected By New Job Cuts?
t Best of the Web: Don't force Google to forget
m Health Watch
t FTC accuses T-Mobile of billing unwanted charges on customers
b One-fifth of China's farmland polluted
e WWE Legend Pat Patterson Comes Out As Gay: 'I Want To Be Happy'
t Now you can tag people in pics using Twitter mobile apps
m Eliminate the Source, Remember the Repellent For Mosquito Season
e Powdered alcohols no longer have label approvals - WNCN: News, Weather
b American Apparel Creditor Lion Capital Denies Loan Waiver
e Who Won The Voice Season Six?
e Neil Young's Pono—A New Way to Consume Music—Launches Kickstarter
e Joan Lunden Diagnosed With Breast Cancer
e WATCH: Duck Dynasty Star Phil Robertson In Homophobic Rant During Church  ...
t Comment: Should Facebook have experimented on users and tried to make  ...
b Mortgage tide turns as five-year rates creep up
t In pictures: The top 10 list of newly discovered species
b US consumer confidence regains momentum
m Examining the Cost of Obesity
e Madonna's embracing hairy armpits but will you?
e Game of Thrones season finale is most pirated show in history
t India claims 'bias' as Delhi named world's most polluted city
t Business briefs: New Android tailored for watches
e TV ratings: 'Voice' and 'Dancing' finales down from last year
b Vodafone plans takeover of Cobra Automotive
b Asian shares edge down, US yields bolster dollar
t Why a Smartphone 'Kill Switch' Won't Stop Phone Theft
t BBM now lets users send files up to 16MB in size, share photos in group chats
b EU Gas Fears As Russia Restricts Ukraine Supply
m Reproductive organs grown in lab
t Asteroid interference higher than expected
e Jolie: We won't tighten security
b Amazon Pushes Yet Another Publisher Around
e Pessah and aliya
b Retailers Best Buy and Sears report weak consumer electronics sales
t New Crew Launches to Space Station to Continue Scientific Research
e US Blues legend Johnny Winter found dead in Swiss hotel
b Former Madoff employees convicted in massive fraud
b EURO – Goldman Sachs key takeaways on the ECB meeting – and what it  ...
b Rev. Jesse Jackson Targets Lack Of Diversity In Tech Industry
t Nintendo's Shell-Throwing Savior
e The Avengers: Age Of Ultron To Bring Back Lou Ferrigno As Hulk's Voice
e P. Diddy changes name back to Puff Daddy
b Later Easter Drives Retail Sales in April -- Update
b California governor signs bill to bring bitcoin and other currency into fold
m New mosquito-borne illness concerns pest management pros
e Claims AC/DC's Young 'very sick'
e VIDEO: Calif. teen performs great impression of Michael Jackson's 'Billie Jean'
m Pelvic exams not needed to screen for cervical cancer, ACP says
m Tamiflu: Millions wasted on flu drug, claims major report
e Miley Cyrus Gets 'High as F*ck,' Records Beatles Cover With Flaming Lips  ...
b Tech companies, Citigroup tug US stocks lower - Business, Government Legal  ...
e 'Agents of SHIELD' Renewed & 'Agent Carter' Picked Up — Watch
e Adam Levine sports his newly bleached blonde hair on Twitter
t First Living Organism Created Using Artificial DNA
t Google Seeks Magic of Luxury With Luxottica Deal
t LG leaks G3 smartphone's specifications ahead of launch
e Disney-Pixar Announces Cars 3 & The Incredibles 2 [PHOTOS]
e Wu-Tang Clan Affiliate Attempts Suicide In The Most Gruesome Way
b Stocks rebound from Fed-sparked losses
e Lily Allen drops her "URL Badman" video!
e Fireworks safety key during holiday weekend
e Eve weds Maximillion Cooper in Ibiza
e Chelsea Handler Proves To Ellen DeGeneres She's Lesbian, Gets Naked In  ...
e Hamilton's Nick Cordero nominated for Tony Award for 'Bullets over Broadway'
b With Apple On The Sidelines, Amazon Digs In Over Hachette Book Dispute
t Samsung Replaces Mobile Design Executive as Phone Sales Stall
m Impact of childhood bullying still evident after 40 years
e Watch 'Transformers' Stars Nicola Peltz and Jack Reynor Take Our 'Transformers  ...
b The day ahead in business
t Microsoft's Fight Against Search Warrant Could Have Big Consequences
e 'Harry Potter': Daniel Radcliffe Isn't Ready To Return As The Spectacle-Wearing  ...
e 'The Bachelor' reunion: Chris Harrison won't accept that Nikki and Juan Pablo  ...
m Weight Loss Tips and Tricks: Study Says Diet Soda Helps Weight Loss
e Powdered booze, overlooked by feds, gets banned
t Microsoft takes aim at laptops with new Surface table
b What happened to Malaysia Airlines Flight 370? The leading theories
e Actor Gary Oldman takes on Nancy Pelosi and Hillary Clinton in expletive-laced  ...
m What India needs to do to truly keep polio from coming back
b Citigroup may pay $7 bln to resolve US mortgage probes -source
t Facebook CEO summoned to court in Iran
b Blackberry (T.BB) delivers surprise profit, driving stock up 14%
b Weekly Jobless Claims Stay Near 7-Year Low
e Abramson To Wake Forest Graduates: 'Show What You Are Made Of'
t MotoGP: Marquez Returns to Scene of First Premier Class Victory (Video)
t AAA: Average gas price in Rhode Island up 4 cents from last week but below  ...
t Government regulators taking closer look at Netflix's feud with big Internet  ...
b SAC Capital and the curious economics of insider trading
t Xbox One Coming to China in September
e Networks Cancel 23 Shows
b Gold Poised for Second-Quarterly Gain
t Three more 'blood moons' to appear in next 18 months
e The Voice: Girl trouble
t Facebook Apologizes for Emotion Manipulation Experiments – Sort Of
t Flying saucers do exist!
b The California Shale Bubble Just Burst
b FAA grounds Amazon's drone delivery plans
b Sunshine Makes All the Difference: Retail Sales Show Improving Economy
e 'Transcendence' fails to transcend
t Apple amps up recycling, will take back all its products
e Lena Dunham - Lena Dunham Apologises For Molestation Tweet
e Clooney resorted to 'flirty emails' after Amal refused to take his number
e Vinyl trend has music fan spinning
t BlackBerry reports $432M loss as sales plunge 64%
b Australia Renewing Jet Search Buoyed by Satellite Imagery
b Inside Energy: Uncertainty over carbon cuts
m SA Remains On Alert As Ebola Spreads
e 'Bachelor' Juan Pablo Publicity Blackout EES OK, I'm Done with This Crap
t Quick Note: Nokia Lumia 635 Coming to T-Mobile, MetroPCS for Under $170 Off  ...
e From family favourite to convicted sex offender - our view of Rolf Harris will never  ...
t State launches Text-to-911 emergency service
e The 13 Biggest Changes from Superhero Comics to the Screen
e Joan Rivers refuses to apologize to women held captive
t NASA's Opportunity Rover Views Martian Vista From Ridgeline
e Kim and Kanye's Wedding! A $2-Mil Dress, Superstar Wedding Singers and More
m Every Old Disease Is New Again
b Yahoo's shareholders more excited about ownership of Alibaba
b Malaysia Airlines in Total Strategy Revision Following Two Tragedies in Half Year
t Evasi0n: iOS 7.1.1 Untethered Jailbreak A Hoax At Best
e Pippa Middleton Talks Duchess Kate, Prince George in Today Interview: He's  ...
e 'Community' Revival: Sony Exec Talks Studio Persistence, Movie Odds
m Fighting for a cure: Relay For Life returning to Cranston next month
m Congressional report urges FDA to regulate e-cigarette marketing
t Twitter buys data analytics partner Gnip for undisclosed sum
m VA Pays Out $200 Million in Wrongful-Death Cases
e Money machine superhero Thor becomes a woman
t Facebook posts $2.5 billion Q1 earnings, looks into standalone apps for a more  ...
e Selena Gomez - Selena Gomez is 'different' around Justin Bieber
t Take a look at Amazon's upcoming 'Fire Phone'
e Kim Kardashian Video Game (SNEAK PEEK): Fans Can 'Flirt and Fall in Love' in  ...
e Walking Dead season finale takes a bite out of ... something
e Jennifer Lawrence Gets Ready For The Revolution In New Teaser For The  ...
e Late-Night Hosts Respond To Colbert Replacing Letterman
t What will become of Google+?
b UPDATE: Earnings and corporate deals lift U.S. stocks
t Discontinued Nokia X phones suffered from lack of identity
b Weibo Prices IPO At $17 Per ADS - Quick Facts
b World stock markets mostly flat
e Corned beef and cabbage for St. Pat's? Think again
b Dow Jones Industrial Average Lower Ahead of Consumer Confidence
e Game Of Thrones Season 4 Episode #05 – First Of His Name Review
e This Picture of Grant Gustin & Stephen Amell at Comic-Con 2014 - We Mean The  ...
e David Letterman Exposed Our Mass Psychosis
t Titanfall “Free the Frontier” live-action teaser arrives
b Provisional statistics of retail sales for May 2014
e Jessica Simpson, Eric Johnson wed in Santa Barbara: People
b Sally Beauty Holdings (SBH): Hacking Affected Less Than 25K
b VIDEO: Two Planes Narrowly Avoid a Catastrophic Collision at Barcelona Airport
t Astronomers discover frozen pink dwarf planet 2012 VP113 at solar system's  ...
m Study: E-Cigarette Users Quit At Same Rate As Smokers
e US Postal Service Brings Wonder and Amazement to Town with New Limited  ...
m Study: Teen child-bearing costs Montana millions
m Olympic champ Van Dyken to rehab after severed spine: Report
e Ice Bucket Challenge continues to raise money for disease
b Putin yet to seal gas deal on China visit, wins support on Ukraine
b UPDATE 2-European Factors to Watch-Ukraine worries seen denting shares
e Ultra Music Festival Announces Special Guest deadmau5, 3/29
b Nokia Network Sales Continue to Fall
m 25 worst cities for spring allergies
e Alice from "The Brady Bunch" dies at 88
e Robin Thicke's talent shines through on 'Paula'
e How I Met Your Mother Season 9 Finale: Petition to Change HIMYM Ending
m Ebola epidemic: Global responsibility?
b Realtors concerned about effects of Zillow-Trulia merger
b Tesco FY results: What the analysts say
t Facebook let researchers influence users in 2012 study
t Stephen Hawking 'wins inflation debate'
e Latest Ben Affleck-Jennifer Garner Sighting: A Southfield Venue for Kids
b Chinese microblogging site Weibo has strong IPO debut
t Early PC Titanfall players may get the ban hammer
e Churches partner for sunrise Easter service
t BlackBerry wins early round in legal battle against Ryan Seacrest
b Toyota India unit locks out workers at two plants as pay dispute drags
b Gold Up, at 3-Week High, on Safe-Haven Demand
e Fargo Series Premiere Review: The Crocodile's Dilemma (Season 1, Episode 1)
m Bulletproof vests may come from stem cells
t Google Glass Myths Debunked - But Big Questions on Price and Release Date  ...
b GoPro Inc shares jump nearly 40% in action-packed market debut
b Tesla Motors struggles with higher research costs, post first quarter loss
e Martin gifts parting painting to wife Paltrow
t Elon Musk wants Tesla 'elves' to service cars
m U.K. scientists question effectiveness of Tamiflu drug
e Selena Gomez Fires Parents as Managers, Is Her Recent Reconciliation with  ...
b New shake-up: Target ousts Canada chief
t Europe Reins in Google
e Pitts: The caged bird who soared free
b Here's some good news about taxes
e Lea Michele & New Boyfriend Matthew Paetz Aren't Afraid to Hold Hands at LAX
e Kim Kardashian's Wedding Reception Dress Is Balmain
e Drew Barrymore Welcomes Baby Frankie
b Amazon 'not optimistic' about ending standoff with Hachette soon
e Garth Brooks Irish concerts: Councillors back all five gigs
e Wu-Tang Clan linked rapper Andre Johnson used steak knife to cut penis while  ...
m Celebrities Opposing Vaccinations
t Snowden: NSA is setting fire to Internet's future
t Microsoft does not want to be a US stooge
b Iraq tensions rise, take toll on Indian markets
e 'Divergent': The Next 'Hunger Games' Teen Film Smash?
e This week in reality TV: Getting familiar in France
m 7 or more fruit and veggie servings per day reduces risk of dying
t Google's Project Zero Targets Cybersecurity Research
e Lana Del Rey breaks up with boyfriend and angers Frances Bean Cobain
t GM Taps Settlement Guru Feinberg For Recall Response
e Schwarzenegger would love to make True Lies 2
b Air Products names new President
e Picasso's hidden painting found beneath 'The Blue Room'
e Captain America tops North American box office for second weekend
m Number of US elderly to double by 2050: reports
t Virtual universe created
e First look at David Fincher's "Gone Girl"
t // [POLL] How Many Network Subscribers Will WWE Announce Tomorrow?
b US: Detroit three gain pace in March
t Google's Konami Code Easter Egg Unlocks 'Cheat Mode'
e Chilly fun to fight ALS in Cornwall
t Watch free live streaming of 'iTunes Festival' SXSW
t UK Chart: Titanfall enjoys biggest launch of 2014
e Dave Brockie, uninhibited frontman of heavy metal band GWAR, dies at 50
e Video: Rolf Harris jailed for sex offences
t Word from Microsoft: job cuts
e Neil Patrick Harris Leaving 'Hedwig' on Broadway
e Cannes Fashion: Freida Pinto fails to impress at the red carpet?
b Amazon/Hachette dispute unlikely to provoke regulators, experts say
t Apple to Buy Beats Electronics - Analyst Blog
b Gold futures drop on upbeat jobs report
e Miley Cyrus: When She'll Be Released From Hospital & Back On Tour
e What's playing in Aiken the weekend of June 20?
b Top 10 fines imposed on banks by US
m Hummus recall includes brands at Trader Joe's, Target
t HTC One M8 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Apple iPhone 5S: Screen Latency  ...
b US, EU hit Russia with new sanctions
e Tracy Morgan's Condition Upgraded To 'Fair'
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's Wedding Venue Gets Set Up — First Look in  ...
b Rohani Says Iran Seeks Peace But Ready To Deter Attacks
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Mini set for mid-July release
m FDA eases into e-cigarette oversight
e Shia LaBeouf Was Very Fan Friendly Hours Before His Arrest
t Indie Developers React Negatively to Facebook's Acquisition of Oculus
t MotoGP, Austin: Dominio Marquez, podio Ducati
b RPT-FOREX-Euro firm on safe-haven flow, expectation for inflation uptick
t FTC: Snapchat deceived customers
e Patrick Swayze's widow remarries in Florida
b I-495 Bridge Closed Indefinitely Due to Tilting Support Columns
b Ex-BofA Finance Chief Settles N.Y. Merrill-Purchase Suit
e Aereo makes its case to consumers prior to Supreme Court hearing
e American Embassy Joins Tel Aviv Gay Pride Festivities
e The 15 Prettiest Summer Highlights
b Gold trades above $1300 ahead of U.S. data
m Oscar trial to continue - NPA
t Feds Charge Snapchat: Pics Don't Always Disappear
t Samsung Galaxy Core Mini 4G G3568V for China Mobile goes official
m What makes me so tasty? Five myths about mosquito bites
t The One Thing In Aaron Paul's New Xbox One Commercials Microsoft Hopes  ...
e Entire wedding party takes the plunge (has video)
e US Analysts Debate Meaning of Frequent Military Changes in N. Korea
t Microsoft fights US request for Irish-held data
m Local vendors welcome some e-cigarette regulation
e Heavy metal frontman found dead in his home
t Will we see the next big meteor shower?
t Ordering Begins Today for New HTC One (M8) from Sprint
t Facebook App To Start Listening To And Identifying Music, TV Shows, Movies
b Deals Rumor Mill: Allergan, Alstom, Seven Generations
t AirPlay goes offline, possibly gaining p2p connection
e Kermit the Frog talks Tom Cruise, plastic surgery, and 'Muppets Most Wanted' on  ...
t Sony unveils prototype virtual reality headset 'Project Morpheus' for Playstation
e Idina Menzel Makes Case As Stage Legend in Broadway's 'If/Then'
m Oscar report may be delayed
b Application Deadline for NY State of Health Today
b Downtown hotel among the first to join Hilton's new Curio brand
b European Central Bank must be ready to act on price spiralling – Draghi
t Climate change to result in less nutritional food, report says
e Butterbeer ice cream, ploughman's platter and magic elixirs: dining in Harry  ...
e Miley Cyrus' Hospitalization May Be Related To Her Dog's Death
t Sony to sell Playstation in China
e Megan Fox: I've never been a social butterfly
t Nest To Share User Data With Google For First Time Since Its Acquisition
t Japan may halt other whale hunts
b How Dark Pools Became The Riskiest Place On Wall Street
e Taylor Swift Crowned Billboard's Top 2014 Money Maker
b Stocks: Dow ready for another record?
m Cuomo: Boost HIV tests, treatments to end epidemic
t Bigger Is Better With the Nokia Lumia 1320
m Death toll from Mers rises to 163 in S. Arabia
e Khloe Kardashian flaunts legs in Valentino dress at designer's castle
t Sony to begin selling Playstation consoles in China
b UPDATE 1-Barclays to pay $280 million to settle mortgage bond claims
b Indiana unemployment drops to 6.1 percent
t Nokia sees Microsoft deal closing this week
e Songwriter Jesse Winchester, whose career flourished in Montreal, dies at age 69
e Ann B Davis: watch her in her best-loved role in the Brady Bunch
e Probably no 'Transformers 5' in 2016, Michael Bay slams critics
b Credit Suisse to pay $2.6bln for helping rich Americans evade taxes
b Coldwater Creek files for bankruptcy, liquidation
e Amber Heard Is So Bored of Being Sexy
b BoE warns on inflation fixation
b U.S. Adds 288000 Jobs; Unemployment Falls
e Gwen Stefani to join 'The Voice' for show's 7th season
b FTSE rallies on dovish Fed as Rolls-Royce pleases
e Robin Thicke tackles detractors in Twitter chat
b Dog and Cat Treats Made in China Get Banned from Major Pet Retailers
b BlackBerry posts another loss, but not as much as expected
b RIGHTS > Twitter takes action and hires lawyer against Turkish ban
t A Win for 'Weev': Appeals Court Tosses High-Profile Conviction of Hacker
e Emma Stone: Garfield's my superhero
t Samsung Tab S Showcased in India
e Miley Cyrus denies telling Jennifer Lawrence to "get it together"?
b Expansion For Toyota Means More Jobs For Michigan
b Stephen Walsh, Former Partial Owner Of Isles, Pleads Guilty To Securities Fraud
e US Bachelor Juan Pablo Galavis labelled 'most hated ever' after vile comment to  ...
b European shares increase - ECB stimulus measures expected
t Environmental Issues and News: Study Led by Spanish Council Finds All  ...
e Noah: Russell Crowe movie directed by Darren Aronofsky applauded, criticized
t Office 365 Personal now available for $7 per month
e Photos: Jay Leno Takes A Break From Retirement To Join Demonstrators At  ...
t Boeing's New "Space Taxi" Will Launch Astronauts To Space From US Soil
t 2016 Chevrolet Cruze: Interior Photos Revealed For China Launch
e VIDEO: Behind-the-Scenes Look at CAPTAIN AMERICA: THE WINTER SOLDIER
e Celebrities shun Brunei-owned hotels over sharia law
m Low-dose Aspirin Use May Lower Pancreatic Cancer Risk
t Netflix tells Sen. Al Franken it opposes Comcast merger too
e Dane DeHaan: 'Amazing Spider-Man 2' Premiere with Wife Anna Wood!
m Politics of Ebola as deadly as the virus
b French minister expects new GE offer for Alstom unit
e Netflix Was Completely Shut Out At The Emmys
e 'The Simpsons' parodies 'Mad Men'
t Apple has sold 20 million Apple TV units, CEO says
t Scientists Confirm New Extremely Dense Element
e 'Big Brother 16' review: In which Donny becomes even more awesome
b GLOBAL MARKETS-Asian shares struggle, oil firms on Iraq anxiety
e Why Is Spider-Man So Iconic?
e Weekend BO April 4-6 (Doing It Right)
m Is Congress Ready To End The War On Drugs?
t Edward Snowden Granted Immunity From Tough Questions His softball SXSW  ...
e Newlyweds the sequel! Jessica Simpson marries Eric Johnson and beams 'it's  ...
t Google Glass to be available for everyone — for one day only
t 'Godzilla of Earths': Alien planet 17 times heavier than our world discovered
t Graco Recalling 1.9M Infant Car Seats
b Global trade talks begin on almost $1 trillion of environmental goods like solar  ...
b New US Fed Chair Yellen expected to stick to taper path
t Climate change poses growing health threat – UN
e All five Garth Brooks Dublin concerts cancelled
t Creation Museum to unveil new Skeleton to Affirm Biblical Flood
t After Apple Buys Beats' Streaming Music, Is Hulu's Video Next?
b US home construction drops 9.3%
e The Hottest Stories Right Now!
b Hillshire withdraws recommendation for Pinnacle deal
t Rubik's Cube anniversary has close ties to East TN
t Apple Broadening App-Store Search With Related Keywords
e Three local chefs make regional cut, but Minnesota left out of national Beard  ...
e Remember 'why' of Easter: The resurrection of Jesus
b Trains running again in downtown Lynchburg
t Mobile app of the day: Google I/O 2014
b A Grim Photographic Tribute to the BP Oil Disaster
e Philly Women Battle Sexual Harassment, Groping at Comic-Con
b Malaysia Airlines Flight 370: FBI tapped to scour pilot's home simulator
e Pamela Anderson: Animals helped her cope with abuse
e Musicians feel a connection to vinyl as they mark annual Record Store Day
t Apple Inc. (AAPL) Under The Gun For A TV Set Top Box?
e Sony Co-Chair Admits End Of Amazing Spider-Man 2 Will Set Up Their Sinister  ...
m Alzheimer's Caregivers Support Group to Meet
e 'Breaking Bad' cleans up at Emmys; Cranston thanks New Mexico
t Gordon Campbell on the ICJ whaling ban and security agencies
m Giant, inflatable colon at West Clinic to promote awareness
e Atlanta police investigating assault claim against Shaquille O'Neal
t Sony network hacked, executive's American Airlines flight diverted after hacker  ...
b Strong job gains in June: Unemployment falls to lowest rate since 2008
t German ministers advocate ambitious climate protection
e Madonna's Armpit Hair Confirmed To Be Brown
e Justin Bieber Avoids Felony Charge in Alleged Cellphone Theft
t Abandoned 'Burger King baby' finds bio mom through Facebook
t Watch Samsung Galaxy S5 India Announcement Live Streaming Here [Video]
b European Manufacturing Narrows Expansion In June
b EC nod for new bank licences likely today
e Cruise 2015: Plain sailing from Raf Simons' Dior
t Democrats propose new bill that would make the FCC stop...
e Marriage Counseling: Can It Save Jay-Z and Beyonce?
b What To Expect from Labor Department on Unemployment and Payrolls
e Singer 'finds' missing Malaysian plane
e Game Of Thrones Stars Discuss Sex Scenes
e Elizabeth Olsen Is Engaged to Boyd Holbrook!
e Scoop: THE BACHELORETTE on ABC - Tonight, July 28, 2014
t OS X Yosemite Beta Features & Download: Software Better Links Mac & iOS  ...
t Watch the 'Blood Moon' Lunar Eclipse in 9 Seconds Flat
t Tyrannosaurus rex with teeth as big as bananas draws 'ahs' in US capital
e Lil' Kim is Having a Girl, Shares Baby Shower Invite on Instagram
e Zac Efron, Jared Leto & More Hottest Hunks At The MTV Movie Awards
e 'Thor' actor Chris Hemsworth, wife welcome twin sons
m WHO reports 50 new Ebola cases and 25 deaths in West Africa
t FTC: Let Consumers Block Third-Party, Unauthorized Mobile Phone 'Cramming  ...
b Alibaba Picks NYSE, Plays With Yahoo, Football (BABA)
t Astronomers Find Minor Planet Chariklo Is Surrounded By Rings
b IMF tells GCC banks to be prepared for the worst
b Rising gas prices drive up holiday travel costs
e DANCING WITH THE STARS STACY KEIBLER IS MARRIED!
e Iron Man veteran trades armor suit for kitchen knives
b Amazon unveils its first smartphone with 3D view and
e Robin Williams in 12-step treatment
e Justin Bieber got new tattoo up at 40000 feet
e Flockhart visits hubby Harrison Ford in hospital
e Eminem releases official 'Headlights' music video directed by Spike Lee
m AfDB President allays investors over Ebola
b Hyundai Motor unveils small SUV ix25 concept for China, to launch this year
e A scene from 'Rio 2' (Source:Twentieth Century-Fox)
t Club to demonstrate amateur radio at Fort Missoula
e Ohio man's online potato salad effort takes off
b 9 of American Apparel's most controversial campaigns
e 'Girls' Star Allison Williams Will Play Peter Pan in NBC Live Musical
t Amateur radio event scheduled
e Cameron Diaz: The gay interview
b Searchers come up empty again looking for flight 370
t Facebook privacy revised: Default audience now “Friends,” new privacy checkup  ...
e Queen to release Queen Forever featuring unreleased Freddie Mercury songs
e British actor John Boyega is set to appear in Star Wars VII - but who is he?
b Car sales expected to rise marginally in FY15 - SIAM
b Chinese E-Commerce Giant JD.com Gears Up For $1.7 Billion Initial Public  ...
e Megan Fox joins Instagram, shares selfie
t Rumour mill in full swing as Surface Mini details leaked
t Amazon Phone Could Be Coming Soon With a 3D Surprise
e Brooks Wheelan fired from 'SNL'; other exits also reported
b Microsoft unveils Office for Apple's iPad
e Good Friday observance
e Book News: Women Writers Dominate Children's Books, Right? Wrong.
e Party Night on "Dancing with the Stars"
t Check Point Provides Multiple Protections against Heartbleed
e Floyd Mayweather Explains Altercation with T.I. in Necole Bitchie Exclusive
e 'Game of Thrones' Recap: Black Flag
e UFC legend: I would train Orlando Bloom vs. Bieber
m Looking at your child's health thru a medical professional's lens
t Obama plays soccer with a robot; Jem gets a movie
b Stocks Rally Whenever Janet Yellen Speaks
e As Robin Williams Works On Sobriety: 8 Stars Who Shocked Us With Their  ...
e Ariana Grande does not get along with father
e “Game of Thrones” Season Four Premieres in New York City
e For 100 Points: This Game Show Host Set A World Record for Hosting The Most  ...
b Reverse mortgages: Easy money or dumb move?
b Healthcare.gov Goes Down On Last Day To Enroll In Obamacare
e Khloe Kardashian Celebrates 30th Birthday; Gets New Car From Boyfriend  ...
b Encana among most ethical companies in the world, Ethisphere survey finds
t Microsoft Surface Pro 3 vs. Apple iPad Air: Tablet Showdown
e Palo Alto (The Achey Ballad of Celebrity Children)
m Car Crash Risk Increases During Pregnancy
e Barbara Walters worried about retiring
m California declares whooping cough epidemic again
b Merck: New drugs pending approval or in late tests
b US Patent Office cancels trademarks of NFL's Redskins
t Mystery solved? Heat from volcanoes helped species survive ice ages
t Verizon to turn LTE faucet back on for Chromebook Pixel users
m Body check: 10 minutes could save your life from skin cancer
m Pa. Ready to deal with MERS
b SolarCity Corp (SCTY) Stock Surges On Silevo Acquisition
e Muppets are still most wanted in wacky, charming sequel
b Midday Update: Stocks Soften Before FOMC Conclusion: Major Averages
b Ukraine braces for more terror under Poroshenko: Analyst
e Woman drops $30000 to look like Kim Kardashian
t Peruvians got a close-up look at rare "Blood Moon"
b Complaints down against airlines
b Dollar rallies against euro on ECB easing speculations
m UK slipping down world rankings for motherhood
b European Shares Fall Before Yellen Testimony; Corn Drops
t Netflix ups its UK monthly fee to £6.99 for new customers
t Deal: LG G Watch From AT&T Available for $179 Through Accessory Promo
b NTSB recommends Boeing alter automated controls on 777s
m Autism estimate grows to 1 in 68 children in US
b Average UK House Price Rising at Quickest Pace Since June 2010
b US Seals storm 'oil theft' Libyan ship
t The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back  ...
t Microsoft Confirms: 'Halo 5: Guardians' And 'Halo' TV Series Out Fall 2015, 'Giant  ...
m Hundreds of lives saved by universal healthcare in US
e Aronofsky rocks the boat by taking liberties with Biblical tale
e The Veronica Mars Movie Is More of the Same, and That's a Beautiful Thing
b US close: Deal activity sends Dow and S&P 500 to all-time highs
b UCLA Campus Dries Out After Flood
m Pistorius declared mentally sound
b CBS Outdoor Raises $560 Million in IPO as Next Step to REIT
b India's industrial output in July hits 17-month high
e Khloe Kardashian & French Montana Sure Do Look Like An Item At Her Pre  ...
m New study suggests that red wine, chocolate provide no health benefits
t 'Destiny' Release Date: Activision CEO Bobby Kotick Reveals Title Cost $500  ...
e Scarlett Johansson debuts shorter, blonder haircut
e Transformers: Age Of Extinction - Movie Review
e 'Divergent' Is Critic-Proof; Woodley Is a Star
e Unedited Britney Spears Song Without Auto-Tune Leaks And It's Painful
b Gold spikes as airliner shot down in Ukraine
t Windows XP support ends today
e Kendall Jenner confuses 1D, 5SOS in cringe moment from Billboard Awards
e Neil Young's crusade to save music takes center stage during SXSW
e Johnny Depp trapped in uncomfortable storyline as Transcendence fails to  ...
t Facebook acquires always-on fitness tracking app Moves
b Business Highlights
b Walgreen Q3 Profit Rises; But Results Miss Estimates - Quick Facts
t India teen tells US how to save USD 400 mln by changing font
t Coolest Cooler: Kickstarter Project With Blender, Wireless Speakers Gets Over  ...
t Help for blind a fingertip away
m Victims of bullying live with the consequences for decades, study says
t Gas Prices Hold Steady In Permian Basin 3/31/14
e John Pinette dead: US comedian found dead in Pittsburgh hotel room, aged 50
e David Chase Backtracks, Maybe Tony Soprano DID Die in that Diner
m Insufficient Sleep May Increase Overall Body Fat In Children
t The big problem looming at Google
e Mila Kunis Hits The Red Carpet With Channing Tatum After Pregnancy News
t Bigfoot Evidence Proves to Belong to Ordinary Animals After DNA Testing; Why  ...
e Saturday Night Live: Andrew Garfield in HILARIOUS Beyonce sketch 'The  ...
e 'Let's Make My Bro Proud': Paul Walker's Brother Cody Vows To Continue His  ...
e Review: Seth MacFarlane's 'Million Ways To Die In The West' is too many  ...
m FDA Approves Alternative Medication for Migraines
e Matt Reeves Brings a New 'Dawn' to 'Planet of the Apes'
b Candy Crush Makers Double Revenue, Triple Users Year-Over-Year
e Taylor Swift Cancels Bangkok Gig Amid Political Turmoil
e Its official! 'Glee' to finally end in 2015
t Massive security bug may leave SA sites vulnerable
t AT&T's DirecTV buy is a bet on 'new Net Neutrality'
b WWE Is on the Ropes: StockTwits
e Who'll be No.1 this Sunday? 5SOS and Lana Del Rey lead the way
t BlackBerry Security Acquisition Driven By CIOs, Exec Says
t Solar Cell Swaps Out Lead, Brings in Tin, Pushes Down Price
e Kanye gifts Kim Kardashian 10 Burger King outlets
b Gas Taxes, Road Repair And The US Infrastructure Crisis
b Everything we know about how Obamacare's March 31 deadline works
t Destiny Beta Trailered and Dated, Expansion Pass and Limited Editions Revealed
b BoE united in holding rates
t Nike reportedly killing the Fuelband to focus on fitness software
b Uber Technologies App To Make Car Service Prices Cheaper Than Cabs
e Metal band singer gets 6 years for murder plot
e Three Big Names Were Missing From The 'Star Wars Episode VII' Announcement
m Eva Longoria's Restaurant Has Closed
e L'Wren Scott's Funeral Attended by Mick Jagger, Family, and Friends
t Resetting Passwords May Be Worst Heartbleed Fix
t 911 Emergency dispatch centers not ready for texting
e MOVIE REVIEW: 'The Other Woman' a two-fisted 'First Wives Club' for the  ...
b Stocks Stumble on Weak Retail Results; GM Slides on Recall Charges
e Christian group accuses HGTV of 'intolerance' for axing anti-gay Benham twins  ...
e Home > Harrison Ford > Samuel L. Jackson Shocked By Harrison Ford's Accident
t Heartbleed bug aftermath: BBM for iOS and Android to get security updates
e 'Dawn of the Planet of the Apes' Trailer: Apes Together Strong
t Google says 1 bn people now using Android devices; shows off Android Auto  ...
b Egypt set to raise fuel prices by up to 78 percent, source says
e Ken Loach: 'People can't stand knowledgeable working class people in films'
t In brief: Facebook expanding its tracking
t Astronomers Discover Mega-Earth Exoplanet
b Climate change could cost US $700 billion by year 2100 – report
m Rihanna tweets viral video of a paramedic driving an ambulance dancing to  ...
e Two Members of Japanese Pop Group Attacked
t Nokia's Z Launcher for Android shows what the company does without Microsoft
b More Than 100 Protesters Arrested After Picketing at McDonald's Headquarters
b Malaysian Airlines Plane Crashes in Ukraine
t Galaxy S5 to outsell S4, says Samsung senior VP
b Barclays to axe 19000 jobs in the next 3 years
t GM drivers can keep using recall cars
e 'Scandal' recap: Season 3 finale - 5 highlights (Spoilers)
b BNP Paribas fined almost $9bn for handling Iran-connected transactions
b Wal-Mart undercutting market with money-transfer business
e Day of celebration puts Hermiston's Latino culture in the spotlight
e Pam Anderson opens up about abuse
e Bryan Cranston Helps a Fan Ask His Crush to Prom
e Kate Hudson Wears Sexy Black Strapless Cutout Dress for Wish I Was Here  ...
e Ariana Grande New Album Features Big Sean, Childish Gambino, More
t Iran Judge Calls Mark Zuckerberg to Testify in Court
b Bayer planning expansion of animal health unit
m Hold Off On That Barbecue: Foster Farms Issues Recall of Chicken Sold in Idaho
b Sources: Obama to nominate ex-P&G head to lead Veterans Affairs
t Google Glass launches in the UK, yours for £1000
e Pink Floyd - Pink Floyd To Release New Album
t Chances of a City-Leveling Asteroid: Pretty Darned High
t April NPD: Xbox One still in second as price drop looms
m A Bill To Help Teachers Educate Autism Spectrum Disorder Children
m Your windshield washer fluid could make you sick, study claims
e Harry Potter star Daniel Radcliffe doesn't rule out return to big screen as greying  ...
t Apple agrees to conditional $450 mln e-books antitrust accord
e Seth MacFarlane's Comedy Western Pulls Off Its Trick Shot.
e Doctors unable to reattach severed penis of Wu-Tang Clan-affiliated rapper: report
b MtGox "fraud evidence" hacked and published, complete with Bitcoin wallet  ...
e Scott Derrickson To Direct "Dr. Strange" - Are We In For A Darker Marvel Flick?
b China seeks satellite data from Britain on missing Malaysian plane
t Food and Water Shortages May Prove Major Risks of Climate Change
e Review: 'Transcendence' falls short
e The Beygency: If You Don't Like Bey, You Pay
b Platinum underpinned by strike action, gold holds near $1290/oz
e Brad Pitt punched in face at premiere
b 'Earthquake' in European elections
e Pharrell Guarantees Hillary Clinton Win In 2016, Disses Tea Party
t A closer look at Ralph Lauren's smart shirt for athletes
e Leonado DiCaprio spotted dancing at Coachella
t Microsoft Loses Another Round in E-Mail Privacy Case
t OpenSSL finance chief: Funding unrealistic for mitigating the next Heartbleed
m US doctor exposed to MERS leaves Canada
t Draft report calls for climate change 'Plan B'
t PS4 Vs. Xbox One: Sony Outsells Microsoft For Six Months Straight
t The Montana State Health Department Got Hacked and Didn't Realize for 10  ...
b CFK: Argentina will not default on restructured debt
e Explaining Southern California's economy
e Wildland and vegetation Fires Caused by Fireworks in 2013 | State Fire Marshal
t Breach at eBay: Asks all users to change passwords
e Latest 'X-Men' a winner
e Sharknado 2: The Best and Worst Moments
e Who Is Mehdi Nemmouche?
t Instagram closing gap with Twitter in US, survey says
e Next Wayne Rooney?! Baby Prince George plays with football at polo game with  ...
t Google eyes your home with security cameras
t Google Makes Up For Verizon's Bad Math, Offers $150 To Screwed-Over  ...
t At WWDC, continuity across devices is the theme
t Feathered feat: ancient bird had largest wingspan ever
b China flexing muscle in plane search
t Orbital Sciences Cargo Ship Reaches ISS With Satellites and Supplies
e Selena Gomez Wants to Open Up for Justin Bieber on His Tour, Pair Inseparable  ...
e Detroit Pupils' Video of 'Happy' Exceeds 43000 Views
b Car sales revved up to 9-year high last month
t Business in Brief
t So long, iPad 2; welcome back, iPad 4
t NASA's Planet-Hunting Kepler Telescope Is Back From The Dead!
b Beef prices soar to high levels
b Monetary Policy: RBI keeps policy rates, CRR unchanged
e Lionsgate Splitting Final 'Divergent' Sequel 'Allegiant' into Two Films
t Senate Bill Targets 'Massive Information Breakdown' in GM Ignition-Switch Issue
t Russia Unmoved By NASA's 'Cancellation' of Space Cooperation (Vedomosti  ...
e 'Sabotage' soaked in testosterone but smarter than it first seems
t Facebook Buys Oculus VR: Oculus Rift Maker Sold For $2 Billion, Will Virtual  ...
t Web inventor calls for 'online Magna Carta'
e 'Orange Is the New Black' Season 2 Trailer Shows a Scary New Piper (VIDEO)
b China's Economy Surpassing US? Well, Yes and No
t Adobe Delivers New Storytelling App for iPad
b Smith & Wesson, Tiffany, Michaels in focus for Wednesday
m Put butter back on the dinner table
e Kristen Bell Expecting Second Child With Husband Dax Shepard
e Bachelorette 2014 spoiler: Nick gives away who Andi picks on Season 10 finale?
e Discovery Channel Cancels Mount Everest Special In Light of Avalanche
m MaineCare opioid restrictions seen to sharply cut painkiller abuse
t Mini-planet with two rings of ice and pebbles discovered
t Internet outraged by Facebooks creepy mood experiment - KCTV5
t Samsung Shows how their WQHD Super AMOLED Display on the Galaxy S5  ...
e Coney Island amusement parks open for the season Sunday
t Cellphone unlock bill clears House
e 'Game Of Thrones': HBO Accidentally Reveals…
t Strong Sales of PlayStation 4, Xbox One Drive Videogame Industry in March
t The New Mozilla CEO's Political Past Is Imperiling His Present
t TME Walker: Climate: The present problem
e Neil Young launches Kickstarter campaign for PonoMusic, surpasses goal on  ...
e Paul Walker's Brothers, Cody And Caleb Walker Will Aid In The Completion Of  ...
e Kevin Feige Talks CAPTAIN AMERICA: THE WINTER SOLDIER, CAP 3, THOR 3  ...
b Tiffany Q1 Sales Up 13%, Comps Up 11%
e The Amazing Spider-Man: Why you need Andrew Garfield at your next party…
t eBay Hack probed by Attorneys General
b Devon to sell oil and gas assets to Linn Energy
m Can the Measles Virus Destroy Cancer?
e One Direction Fans Are Doing WHAT After Seeing Zayn And Louis Smoking  ...
b Kagiso PMI declines in March
e Is Disney Struggling With The Boba Fett Spin-Off Movie?
t SAP and Microsoft form cloud, data and mobile software union
t Google incorporating Pokemon hunt into Maps
t Public Knowledge Warns of Net Neutrality-Targeted Amendment
e Sara Gilbert and Linda Perry wed
t Ford Pays Homage to Five Decades of the World's Favorite Pony Car with  ...
e Robin Roberts 'Thought Josh Elliott Was Too Demanding'
m Former Gates executive selected for top spot at HHS after Sebelius resigns
t Why the dashboard will be tech's next big battleground
t Intel outs stunning fanless Broadwell tablet design for 2014 2-in-1s
t Tesla Motors Inc Stock Dives Post California Crash
e Stacey Dash Of "Clueless" Fame Joining Fox News: A Reaction In GIFs
b Libya to restart oil exports from major eastern ports
b Report Shows Israeli Hedge Funds Punching Above Their Weight
m Alternative to colonoscopy detects cancers – though it has its own 'ick' factor
b Adding Dental Care Contrasts With Mo. Legislature's Opposition To Medicaid  ...
b Paulson: Climate Change Is the Enemy We All Face
m Free Drug Samples Prescription Percentage on Hike by Dermatologists
e Community lives again! Yahoo Screen orders sixth season
e Nobel laureate Gabriel Garcia Marquez has died at 87
m E-Cigarettes popularity growing despite health reports
e Kim Kardashian Shows Leg in High-Necked Black Balmain Gown With Thigh  ...
b Costa and Premier Inn Lift Whitbread's Spirits With Strong Sales
b Texas to pay $10000 for each Toyota job relocated
e Live: Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin ''set for $280million divorce''
t Iranian Censor Bans 'Jewish' WhatsApp: Report
b Mystery giver tweets clues to cash hidden around San Francisco
e Depp becomes a boring computer virus
t Google's Street View Appeal Rejected By Supreme Court
b Sheryl Sandberg sells half of Facebook shares in two years
b Amazon Paying Unhappy Fulfillment Center Workers $5K to Quit Their Jobs
e Jenny McCarthy, Sherri Shepherd on Exiting 'The View'
e Macaulay Culkin Was Pelted With Beer And Booed Off Stage This Weekend
e Johnny Depp spoils fiancee Amber Heard for her 28th birthday in New York
e Jennifer Lopez, Keith Urban, Harry Connick, Jr. and Ryan Seacrest Returning to  ...
e Michelle Rodriguez and Cara Delevingne vacation together
m Is Roche's breast cancer drug Kadcyla worth its price?
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4, LG G3, Pantech Vega Iron 2 to be Waterproof?
b Nothing but water: No sign of Malaysian airliner
b Chinese Government to remove 5m ageing vehicles to combat pollution
e 'The Bachelorette' 2014 Finale Spoilers: The Ending is Going to be 'Surprising  ...
e 'Fed Up' exposes the food industry
e Rob Kardashian cuts contact with Kim and Khloe after Kim's wedding
b US Fed's Tarullo calls for re-think of some new bank regulations
b Time Warner win would make Rupert Murdoch US media king
t Google takes a big step toward allowing their services on Windows Phone
e Jack Bauer back 'harder, meaner' than ever in 24 special series
e First Look At The Star Wars Books Of The Post-Expanded Universe
m Drowsy driving? Better wake up
b BNP Paribas nears up to USD9bn settlement with US authorities -source
t Google buys Titan Aerospace drone company Facebook was after
m Ticks that carry Lyme disease infecting more dogs, report says
e Rapper 'linked to Wu-Tang Clan chopped off his own penis before attempting to  ...
t Why Google Now is the key to Android Wear smartwatches' appeal
t Fecal fossils show Neanderthals ate more than just meat
e Met Gala 2014: Stars turn out for this year's 'white tie'-themed gala [PHOTOS]
e Stars inject life into 'A Million Ways to Die in the West'
m Woman overcome as implants allow her to hear for first time
t Former Astronauts Reboot NASA ISEE-3 Probe For Original Mission
t Food, odor-resistant gym clothes arrive at International Space Station
t Baffling! Island appears then vanishes on Titan
e Matt Lauer Extends 'Today' Contract
e Stock Market Today: Why Covidien and DreamWorks Stocks are on the Move
b Coldwater Creek closing all stores
t Astronomers find mini-planet in solar system's backyard
b February's consumer spending up modest 0.3 percent
b Lenovo Overtakes Apple To Become The 3rd Largest PC Maker In The US
e MUSEUM MATTERS: The Star Spangled Banner: Fourth of July
t New HTC One fully detailed in 14-minute hands-on video review
t Google buys music streaming service Songza for $15 mn
b Starbucks Accelerates Mobile Payment Leadership with Release of Enhanced  ...
e Jake's Fireworks Promotes Importance Of Fireworks Safety Before Fourth of July
b JP Morgan Boss Diagnosed with Cancer
b FTC: Operators of jerk.com deceived consumers
t Possible Galaxy Mega 2 Specs Spotted On GFXBench
e Shigeru Ban Wins Pritzker Prize
e Beyonce tops nominations for MTV's Video Music Awards
e MTV Movie Awards: Hunger Games wins big, Paul Walker tribute - KTUL.com  ...
b Freddie Mac: mortgage rates edge higher, 30-year averaging 4.33%
e Lana Del Rey Releases 'Shades Of Cool' Music Video, Teases Upcoming 'Pretty  ...
b Consumer Sentiment in US Unexpectedly Falls on Outlook (2)
t Netflix hikes streaming prices -- but current members are exempt for 2 years
t Google Removes Robert Peston's BBC Article Because Someone Wanted It  ...
b Martin Feldstein: Saving retirement
t 'Daily Show' disses Google Glass and takes no prisoners in comedy sketch (Video)
b The time is nigh for Bank of America's mortgage reckoning
e Lohan to sign USD one mn deal with HarperCollins?
e Jessica Simpson Is Married!
b Uber Gets Down To Business With New Travel Expense Tools And Concur  ...
b Junk-Bond Default Rate Will Double After TXU Bankruptcy Filing - Fitch
t Supermoon wows sky-watchers around the world
m Bilingualism Keeps Brain From Age-Related Cognitive Decline
t So, you say it's Spring?
t Verizon Billing System Outage Hits Parts of US
e Does Lea Michele Have a New Man in her Life?
t Spain internet-rights case sets dangerous precedent
e Face-Off: Pierce Brosnan 007 vs. Daniel Craig 007
e Film based on Strauss-Kahn scandal labelled anti-Semitic
t Tesla Motors Inc Sales Model Supported By FTC
e Beyonce's sister Solange allegedly filmed attacking Jay Z in lift – watch
t 5 handy tips on making Windows 7 more secure
e Avengers: Age of Ultron – what we know
t Titanfall DLC Release Date News: Three New Maps In 'Expedition' Pack Coming  ...
t Apple Devices in Australia Locked, Held for Ransom
e Great White Way to Dim Lights in Honor of Tony Nominated Composer  ...
t AT&T will begin selling LG G3 and G Watch on July 11
b MH370 Lost in Indian Ocean: US, China reaffirms support for SAR
b US Gov Alleges Chinese Hackers Compromised American Companies To Steal  ...
e Justin Bieber DUI charges dropped: source
m Twitter Tuesday: Hospital CEOs, MRSA on planes, psych notes online
b Union To Protest Postal Counters In Staples Stores
b British rate hike hint boosts sterling while unrest in Iraq drives up oil
e Heaven hits the big screen
e Jolie's performance the highlight of 'Maleficent'
m Air pollution kills about 7 million per year
b Going Nowhere Fast at McDonald's
e Beyonce, Jay Z Splitting Up? Secret NYC Apartment Sparks More Cheating And  ...
b What to Watch for in Biotech Earnings This Week
t PS4, Xbox One Cost Americans $400 Million In Energy Bills While In Standby  ...
e Kim and Kourtney Kardashian Attend Her Wedding Pastor's Church in NYC  ...
e George Clooney and Amal Alamuddin throw an engagement party
e The Voice Season 6 Finals: Josh Kaufman Declared Winner
m Warm Water Sparks Flesh-Eating Disease Warning in Florida
e WTF! Miley Cyrus & Lady Gaga Sharing Bodily Fluids
e Westboro Baptist Church to Picket Maya Angelou Funeral
e Disneyland now costs $96 a day
t 'Magic island' appears out of nowhere on Titan, Saturn's biggest moon, then  ...
b EBay Forecasts Sales That Miss Analysts' Highest Estimates (3)
e For peace at Easter
t Should 'House of Cards' film in Alabama?
m International Stem Cell Corporation Should Win EU Patent Case
b Affordable Care Act Enrollment Deadline is Today
e 'Oculus' movie review: A satisfyingly scary ghost story
e Icona Pop: "Dongs All Over The World” (Video)
t (click the phrases to see a list)
t US FCC to propose web fast lane
t Cisco to Build Giant Cloud
e Miley Cyrus Is Covering The Beatles With Wayne Coyne
e FOX's 'Gotham' Set for Fall Mondays, Plus 3 New Series Regulars and Pilot  ...
e Spotify Adds $4.99 Plan For U.S. College Students
e 'Godzilla': A big one that got away
b Revenue Dips For JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM)
e Miley Cyrus Gets A Restraining Order Against Fan
e New Joss Whedon film "In Your Eyes" available online
b Drone technology outpacing regulations
e The Battle Cry: Why There's Just the Right Amount of Godzilla in Godzilla
e 'American Idol' 2014: What to expect from Top 11 on 'Songs From the Cinema'
b Mexico speeds ahead of Canada with $1B BMW investment
e Watch Zac Efron's MTV Movie Awards strip-tease in slow-mo
m UPDATE: MannKind Confirms FDA Panel Recommends Approval of AFREZZA
t 2015 Mercedes-Benz GLA45 AMG - First Drive
b EPA: Oil spill affects half-mile of Lake Michigan
m Freida Pinto proud of India becoming 'polio free'
t GM's new recall risk: the spare parts market
b Euro Weakens Vs Most Majors Ahead Of PMI Reports
b New York Stock Exchange
t Linux users rejoice, here's Ubuntu on the Surface Pro 3
b US fourth-quarter growth raised to 2.6%
b One Of The Greatest Feuds In Wall Street History Has Officially Come To An End
t Congress Demands Answers in GM Recall
b Piketty's Questionable Data
b Firms battle to recruit and retain best staff
e Box-Office: 'Transformers 4' Is The First Movie Of The Summer To Repeat At #1  ...
e Movie Review: Eighties era film memories echo throughout 'Earth'
e Small business weekly: Highlights from SXSW
t East Antarctic ice sheet could be lost if ice plugs melt, Study Says
t In the afterglow of the Big Bang, scientists see 'smoking gun' for universe growth  ...
t Healthy iPhone sales help negate iPad decline in strong Q2 for Apple
e Lea Michele Makes First Public Appearance With Ex-Gigolo Boyfriend, Defends  ...
b Why Barclays is in a pickle: Meet the Martin Act
m SAUDI ARABIA REPORTS 18 MERS VIRUS CASES
b US stock futures trim loss; tech loses for week
b Equities reach record $66 trillion as S&P 500 hits 2000
e Zach Braff And Kate Hudson Reveal Their All-Time Favorite Movie Soundtracks
e TMNT Trailer: I Bet You Missed This Part!
e Courtney Love Plane Theory Crazy? Did Kurt Cobain's Widow Find Missing  ...
e 'Legends of Oz: Dorothy's Return' review: third act missing
b No Cut in Medicare Plan Rates, After All
m Pistorius trial focuses on screams heard by neighbours
m Men told to go light on salami and snags
e Anthony and Joe Russo Talk “Captain America: The Winter Soldier”, Influences  ...
e Watch! Horrible Bosses 2 teaser trailer
e Ashton Kutcher's Approach To Marriage Is Chivalrous, Until You Remember It's  ...
m Good idea to keep an eye out for ticks
e Ohio Man Raises $2300 on Kickstarter to Make Potato Salad
e Makeup Free?? Nope! Kim Kardashian, Kendall & Kris Jenner Get Dolled Up To  ...
b Tesla (TSLA) Stock Slips Despite Earnings Win
e Rio 2 movie review
e Been in the gym? Jessica Simpson's weight loss reaches new levels
t Auto makers report strong US sales in May
b Weak Data Signal China Slowdown
m Scientists successfully create vaginas in lab to help women born without
m New Study Shows Married Couples Have Less Heart Problems
b What Jos. A. Bank Acquisition Means for Men's Wearhouse (NYSE: MW) Stock
e Richard Gere 'dating Padma Lakshmi'
b Oil falls to near $103 a barrel as supply disruption fears continue to recede
b Airbus Broughton factory unaffected by Dubai order cancellation
t Flappy Bird to Return; No Gmail Class Action; Meet the Moto 360
m Stocks Buzz -MannKind Corporation (NASDAQ:MNKD),Bank of America Corp  ...
b PRECIOUS-Gold extends gains to 5-1/2 mth high on safe-haven demand
b Weak UK inflation casts doubt on interest rate hike this year
b Ford shares sink after profits drop
t LG G Watch to come in champagne gold version, too
m New study confirms pesticide-autism link
b Wall Street Buoyancy Tempers As Manufacturing Data Looms
e Stations of the Cross at Peoples Church
b UK inflation jumps in June, rate hike bets brought forward
t Google Partners with Frame Maker for Internet Eyewear
b Argentina's options narrow despite payment
t Amazon pays $970 million for videogame streaming site Twitch
e Photo By Dan Steinberg/Dan Steinberg/Invision/AP
t NASA Extends Cargo Mission Contract at Johnson Space Center
e Oprah Winfrey and More Show Up For Barbara Walter's Last 'View'
t Could Amazon make streaming services available for free?
b S&P 500 index holds at record level
e Celebrity couples who split in 2013
b VIDEO: Yes, You Can Now Shop Amazon Via Twitter
e Larry Kramer's THE NORMAL HEART Brilliantly Brings Back A Dark Period In  ...
b Americans said to be riding public transit in record numbers
b Networks Ignore Financial Times' Criticism of Piketty 'Errors'
t GM Announces Another Major Recall Before Testimony
e Josh Brolin's Thanos revealed in video for Marvel cinematic universe
b Forex - Japanese yen weaker and Aussie up ahead of busy data day in Asia
t Will Android TV spur Apple TV innovation?
b Russian tycoon's wife wins $4.5-B divorce settlement in Swiss court
t Amazon Rolls Out New eBook Subscription Service, Kindle Unlimited
e Game of Thrones Season Four, Episode Six: Tyrion's Network Moment
t Apple, IBM team up in mobile devices, applications
b Last message from missing Malaysian plane was from co-pilot: Authorities
e Hilary Duff's Best Music Videos Through the Years (Because We All Loved  ...
e Sarah Michelle Gellar Slams Kim Kardashian Vogue Cover, 'I'm Canceling My  ...
t Climate change beginning to affect world IPCC report
t Amazon Fire Phone hands-on
b China Facing Many Issues in New Normal: Shaw
b GM recalls 1.5 million vehicles
b Boost air travel: IATA
b Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen to speak at Washington D.C., National  ...
e Katherine Heigl Sues NY Pharmacy Duane Reade For $6 Million: Hollywood  ...
e Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Konfirm Their Solidarity By Matching Better Than  ...
e British singer Rita Ora plans to 'soak up' Cannes this time
e Floyd Mayweather Jr.: Fight Sparked By T.I.'s Jealousy, Boxer Apologizes To  ...
t AT&T Threatens the FCC Over Spectrum Auction
b Nigeria's economy Africa's biggest
e Justin Bieber's Ex-Black Bodyguard: He's Not A Racist
b Five charged over Turkey's worst ever mining accident
m App helps American boozers to stay sober
m Steak is a better health choice over that hotdog or salami which can be heart killers
b Emerging markets to keep lid on activity
b Healthcare.gov Crashes On The Last Day To Enroll Before The Deadline
e Fleetwood Mac touring with Christine McVie this fall, recording new album [FULL  ...
e Lana Del Rey scores second number one U.K. album
t The Comcast Merger Isn't About Lines On A Map; It's About Controlling The  ...
e NYC mayor to sing 'I Love L.A.' with Jimmy Kimmel to settle Stanley Cup bet
e Passover begins as community mourns tragedy
t Greenland was green
m Dogs can detect prostate cancer in urine
e Rick Ross' Mastermind Debuts at No. 1 on Billboard 200
e Trailer: Game of Thrones Season 4
e Iggy Azalea: Nick Young Helped Rapper Deal With Nicki Minaj Aftermath
e Hugh Jackman's X-Men Days of Future Past exclusive interview
b ASEAN foreign ministers agree to statement on Vietnam-China row
e (click the phrases to see a list)
m Google ventures further into healthcare realm
m Ebola a potential epidemic
b Amazon to buy digital comics company comiXology
t HTC Desire 816 vs Sony Xperia T2 Ultra: Phablets specs battle
e Arnold Schwarzenegger Explains How He'll Be Back in 'Terminator: Genesis'
e Psychic predicts that Kim Kardashian is going to fall pregnant 'really soon'
m Pollution kills 7 million people every year: WHO
m California Health Officials Warn Of Whooping Cough Epidemic
b Bayer buys Merck's consumer business
e Lindsay Lohan sues makers of Grand Theft Auto V over character lookalike
t Parrot Skycontroller and Bebop Drone include Oculus Rift support so you can  ...
t DIRECTV to make NFL Sunday Ticket Available for Online Streaming
e Dylan manuscript sells for two million
t Obamacare enrollers urged to change passwords due to Heartbleed bug
t Flappy Bird could return — on one condition
e Breaking News: Bobby Womack Dead At 70
e A slow descent into hate watching: True Blood's 10 worst subplots
t Twitter Adds Mute Function
t All eyes on Apple Inc.
e Video: Beyonce, Gwen Stefani, Justin Bieber Make Cameos at Coachella
b Chances of getting audited by IRS are lowest since 1980s
m Ebola virus spreads from Guinea to Mali
b Dow tops 17000 as June payrolls rise
e Watch: Iain De Caestecker and Matt Smith in First Teaser for Ryan Gosling's  ...
t Retina MacBook Pros Get Speed Bump
m How polar bears adapt to Arctic
b Timothy Geithner tried to quit as treasury secretary
t Google shows off Android Auto, wearables
m Not all older adults want emergency stroke drug: study
e Jennifer Lopez To Get Icon Award At Billboard Music Awards
t After all this time, Apple's iPad is still the most beloved tablet
e The Blacklist cliffhanger nears
m Has Altria Entered The Electronic Cigarette Market Just In Time?
e Steve Carrell and Channing Tatum star in 'Foxcatcher' trailer – watch
e Mad Men Review: Hit the Parade
m iPad may be giving users an itchy feeling due to possible nickel allergic reaction
e Movie Premieres: 'Divergent' Hits New York, 'Captain America 2' Goes to London
e Game Of Thrones director explains why that character wasn't in the finale—you  ...
e Review: X-Men: Days of Future Past
e Wichita churches host screenings of “Heaven Is For Real”
e Voice of a generation: Casey Kasem
t What OS X Yosemite says about the future of the PC
e Chris Brown shows up in Drake, Blake Griffin ESPYs skit
b Cheaper food, gas push down producer prices
b Is the Affordable Care Act Working?
b DirecTV, Dish Network Shares Advance 6 Percent on Merger Speculation
b GM adds 971000 small cars to recall list over defective ignition switch
b Herbalife wilts on news of FTC investigation
t Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 4 – Price and Specs  ...
e RZA Speaks Out on Penis-Cutting Northstar Rapper: 'It's Sad'
t 2014 Cadillac ELR
e 'DWTS' season 18 finale recap: And the winner is…
e 'American Dream Builders' host Nate Berkus, designer Jeremiah Brent are first  ...
b AT&T announces deal to acquire DirecTV
e Tila Tequila announces she's pregnant
t Toyota prices hydrogen car at ¥7 million but Musk pans 'fool cells'
b Body Central Corp Announces $18 Million Private Placement of Subordinated  ...
e 'I did this movie for no money': Adam Levine works for free on romantic comedy  ...
e The Amazing Spider-Man 2 Review: Dissected
b Fiat loses $444 million in first quarter of 2014; outlines ambitious earnings by 2018
b Gold prices up in Asia on physical demand, CME margin cuts
t Google's New Set Top Box to Take On Apple TV and Amazon – Third Time Lucky?
b Chinese e-commerce titan Alibaba confirms U.S. IPO
e Recording leaked of Britney Spears song 'Alien' with no auto-tune
e Tammy: Road Trip to Nowhere
b Four in 10 higher risk wells aren't inspected by feds
e Emma Watson 'more spiritual' than religious
t Google Wants You to Text While Driving
m Researchers raise questions about flu drugs
t Can the NBA's stadium networks handle live Google Glass camera views?
t Samsung releases new tablet to rival iPad
t CEO admits GM fell short in catching deadly safety problem
t Supreme Court Rules TV-Streaming Startup Aereo Violates Copyright
t Tesla breaks ground in Reno for gigafactory
b Price of gas continues to go up
m Modified measles virus targets and destroys cancer, study says
b Time Warner Cable installs WiFi at Natural History Museum
b House prices jump 6.8% in a year - ONS
t Harnessing India's talent to help Facebook grow globally, says COO Sheryl  ...
b Venture capital highest since 2001
e David Chase finally answers whether the argument over Tony Soprano is dead
e Author who made up Holocaust memoir told to repay $28m
m Running Linked With Decreased Death Risks
e Scottie Pippen -- I'M GOING TO THE KARDASHIAN WEDDING!
t T-Mobile Prices Samsung Tab 4 8.0 With LTE
e New reality TV show has a Prince Harry con
e Carrie Mathison Father Dead: 'Homeland' Actor James Rebhorn Was 65
e Farley Mowat, renowned Canadian author, dies at 92
m First American MERS patient might leave hospital soon, improving daily
e Pharrell is so 'Happy' he could cry | DailyDish
e Powdered Alcohol Website Suggested Sneaking Drink Into Concerts
m Oscar Pistorius Trial: Psychiatrist Assessing Accused Paralympian Has Heart  ...
e Oscars: Craig Zadan, Neil Meron Returning as Producers
b Emirates airline profit rises as fuel prices drop
e Which Celebrities Get Raptured in Sunday's 'The Leftovers' Premiere?
e Guardians of the Galaxy puts Marvel into hyperdrive
e 'Transcendence:' Johnny Depp Makes a Real Dumb Movie About Artificial  ...
e Game of Thrones Season 4 Episode 4: Oathkeeper review
e Khloe Kardashian and French Montana Relaxing in Las Vegas Airport After  ...
e Theatrical artists in The Queen's Birthday Honours List 2014 - Maggie Smith  ...
t New VR Project Enters The Fray- True Player Gear
b Biz Break: Los Altos hotshot Box files for $250 million IPO
b US declines to name China a currency manipulator: AP
e Jennifer Aniston says she won't let tabloids steal her joy
b China's Inflation Eases To 2.3 Per Cent In June
e Winners of Britain's Olivier Awards
m Blood Test Could Predict Breast Cancer - Research
e North Korea blasts film featuring James Franco and Seth Rogen plotting  ...
t Why $1 Netflix Price Hike Won't Force Subscribers to Jump Ship
t The US Needs to Stop Running Internet Security Like a Wikipedia Volunteer  ...
m Saskatoon relay fights cancer into the sunrise
t Barra's recall apology not enough, families say
b Dead End for Taxi-app Subsidies - CRIENGLISH.com
m Ebola outbreak in Nigeria? The nation is on high alert as nearby countries  ...
b Quartz Daily Brief—Asia edition—King's IPO crush, Airbus's China deal  ...
b UPDATED: US auto sales expected to rise 2% in March
e Jessica Simpson vs Reese Witherspoon: Who Has a Hotter Bikini Body?
t Hacker-hero videogame makes debut
e Kim Kardashian's Insanely Unexpected Wedding Gift From Kanye West Revealed
e MIA Asks To Borrow 16 Million From Madonna!
t Windows 8 and 8.1 still struggle to gain PC market share
t Google's Nest reportedly trying to hire Nike Fuelband crew
e The Ellen DeGeneres Show Recap 4/11/14: Johnny Depp's “Transcendence  ...
b Gas crisis artificially created by Ukraine — Medvedev Economy June 16, 13:41
b US stocks rise, shaking off a two-day slump; Drive-in restaurant chain Sonic is  ...
b Report: Apple on verge of buying Beats for $3.2B - KTVN Channel 2 - Reno  ...
t Feds: Fandango Customers Were Vulnerable to Hackers, Identity Theft
t Apple offers everyone a way to get on the cutting edge with new OS X beta  ...
t Albert Einstein's Prediction Of Gravitational Waves Confirmed A Century Later
e Captain America 3 Scheduled For May 2016
e Captain America Commands The US Box Office
t Destiny special editions announced
b A Libyan Militia Tries—and Fails—to Sell Crude Oil to North Korea
t Google I/O 2014 Live Stream: Watch The Annual Developer Keynote Here  ...
b Love Your CSA? Then You Should Embrace Community-Supported Broadband.
e Review: 'Tammy'
e Rolling Stones cancel first Australian concert after L'Wren Scott's death
e 'The Bachelorette' Family Blogs: Hometown Dates and Predicting the Next  ...
b The seven best GoPro videos as company plans IPO
b 49ers QB Colin Kaepernick defends reputation
t Xbox documentary crew uncovers the legendary “ET” Atari burial site in New  ...
e Most inspired by Sachin Tendulkar's mental strength, says Hugh Jackman
b St. Louis Fed Economist: Bitcoin Could Be A Good Threat To Central Banks
e Editorial: Yardstick for the Holy Week
t Google Encrypts Gmail To Prevent NSA Spying
e Cherry and Silver go on Ice for ALS
b Apple may be buying Beats Electronics for $3.2 billion
m Autism on the rise in the US
t Apple launches entry-level iMac for Rs79,900
t Comcast head: Time Warner deal 'not scary'
e Lena Dunham's Naked Stunt Can't Boost SNL's Ratings As Show Posts Second  ...
e Edelstein on Blended: This Is Not Adam Sandler's Worst Film, But It Is His Most  ...
m Trustees report reduced costs, longer Medicare solvency
t CORRECTED-Mitsubishi recalls Lancer sedans with Takata air bags
e DID BEYONCE CHANGE LYRICS TO REFERENCE JAY Z CHEATING?
t Xbox One goes on sale in China in September
t Iconic landmarks around the world were plunged into darkness Saturday as  ...
b 49ers' Colin Kaepernick being investigated by Miami police
e Comic character Archie to die 'heroically' in July
e Fox to get into live musical game with 'Grease'
b 60% of Airbnb rentals illegal, NY attorney general says
e Coachella day three: five more things we learned, from Bieber's hat to big  ...
e Paul McCartney Hospitalized in Japan Due to Viral Infection
b Climate change to cost U.S. dearly in the form of property damage, health  ...
t Supermoon back Friday and Saturday night
t Phil Spencer explains lack of Windows PC games at E3 2014
e Watch Matt Damon douse himself with toilet water for ALS Ice Bucket Challenge
b Retailers fired up as pot licenses issued
b US stocks log longest winning streak in 6 months
b Posted by Shoaib-ur-Rehman Siddiqui
b Will 'carmageddon' grip inbound Kennedy? Near-shutdown starts Friday night
b Alibaba: Should eBay, Amazon worry? Not yet
b GOP's pathetic Obamacare denialism: Why they're now ignoring historic new data
t Iliad's T-Mobile bid a surprise
b Microsoft profits boosted by cloud computing drive
t Deal between Apple Inc. And Beats Finalize
b Critics have overlooked it, but Obama today struck at Russia's largest industry
m Ebola Outbreak in Africa Is 'One of Most Challenging Ever Faced'
e Miley Cyrus and Avril Lavigne Fake Fight: Who is More Popular in Canada?
t Political clash over online domain name oversight
t UPDATE 3-Apple seeks decisive US court ruling against Samsung
t Are Comcast and Apple About to Bring TV to The Twenty-First Century?
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Activ Shows Its Chuck Norris Exterior
b Oil prices ease on declining Iraq crisis worries
b MARKET ANALYSIS: Momentum Falters Amid Absence Of Catalysts
b IoD warns government should not get involved with AstraZeneca takeover
b EC Calls Emergency Meeting amid Moscow-Kiev Failed Gas Talks
m Drug-resistant malaria spreading fast in Southeast Asia, warn experts
m Study: too much salt speeds up ageing process in overweight teens
t Sony's PlayStation and Sony Entertainment Network back online after weekend  ...
e Napster Cofounder Sean Parker Just Bought Ellen DeGeneres' House For $55  ...
t Facebook in hot water after manipulating user's emotion in a disturbing experiment
e 'Have you ever done it in a dentist's chair?' Jennifer Aniston's nymphomaniac  ...
b Japan May core machinery orders' record fall casts shadow over economy
t BlackBerry's Securesmart acquisition almost complete
t Halo 5 console game and TV series will invade the Earth in 2015
t Sony (SNE) dumps Playstation Portable as consumers move to smartphones
m State Senate panel weighs safety of e-cigarettes
b Europe's Cabbies, Train Workers Lead Road-Jamming Transport Protest
t LG teases the G Watch R, a new round-faced competitor to the Moto 360
t NASA: Antarctic ice sheet melt 'unstoppable'
e Reasons Why You'll Regret Hooking Up With Spider-Man
t Elephants in Kenya prove to be discerning listeners of human voices
m Food poisoning more likely in restaurants than home
t US House committee investigating GM recall
m Girl suspended from school for shaving head to support friend battling cancer
t Microsoft under antitrust probe in China
e Bryan Singer Hit With New Sex Abuse Lawsuit From A Brit
m WHO declares international polio emergency
m Mom gets to hold medically fragile newborns who shared amniotic sac and  ...
e Kim Kardashian Fears Racism for Baby North
t Ivy Ross: Google Glass's new boss
e Zac Efron & Michelle Rodriguez Are A Couple Now
e VIDEO: Mickey Rooney Dies at 93
t Chegg (CHGG) to Acquire InstaEDU in $30M Deal
b Manufacturing sector growth improves on higher order flows
e Shia LaBeouf - The Transformers star arrested, threatens cops
t AT&T's bid for DirecTV doesn't add up
t Rescuers save hiker stuck on Rocky Mountain peak
e Guess the Ratings for 'Sharknado 2: The Second One' (Poll)
e Harrison Ford Injured on the Set of 'Star Wars: Episode VII'
e Lea Michele pays tribute to late boyfriend Cory Monteith on his birthday
e 'Tammy': Bland comedy with Melissa McCarthy (review)
b Facebook gives video ads a boost with LiveRail purchase
b USD/JPY trims losses on upbeat US data
t HTC One (M8) Dot View Case Hands-On!
t Is the 'right to be forgotten' becoming a sure-fire way of being remembered?
t 'Spiders Alive' Exhibition at American Museum of Natural History Kick-Starts from  ...
t Google celebrates 40 years of Rubik's Cube with interactive Doodle
e 'The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part One': New President Snow address on its  ...
e Kim Kardashian's Revealing Sexy Suit
t Gas Prices Look to Decline for Summer Months
b Gazprom Siberia Pipe Plans to Boost China-Europe Gas Competition
e Rixton on "The Voice" as Top Ten Perform LIVE!
e Kanye West And Kim Kardashian's Wedding Invitations Have Arrived
b What's the Point of the CBO's Wrong Forecasts?
t Mississippi gas prices rise 5.8 cents in past week, find Jackson County's lowest  ...
e 'I wanted off this earth'
b Australian PM expecting free trade deal with Japan
e Pope nixes meeting with Russell Crowe
e Lindsay Lohan Bikini Selfie Highlights Her Best Angles, Boobs
t Siri vs Cortana: Apple trolled in new Microsoft advert (video)
e Amy Adams gives up first class airplane seat for...
m Why olive oil lowers blood pressure
t Apple Adds iTunes U Educational Tools To Help Teachers and Students  ...
t NASA chooses ASU to design, operate camera system for Mars 2020 mission
b Fiat shares stumble on Chrysler's five-year plan
e RIP Paul Mazursky, Academy Award-Nominated Writer-Actor-Director-Producer  ...
e Remembering Casey Kasem: His early radio days in Detroit
e Godard's 3D extravaganza has Cannes scratching its head
e Game of Thrones Recap: Wargs and Weird Relations
b Weibo IPO below expectations, raises $285.6 million
t Facebook Says It's Sorry. We've Heard That Before.
t Honda recalling almost a million vehicles for fire risk
t Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg summoned to appear before judge in Iran
b Global GMO Free Coalition Brings Together 4.5 Million People to Fight Biotech  ...
e Food plays big role in Cinco de Mayo celebrations
t Samsung Galaxy S5 mini with 4.5-inch display, heart rate sensor and fingerprint  ...
m Canadian who traveled to Africa may have Ebola
e Foo Fighters Land an HBO Series
e Kim Kardashian Fires Back on Twitter About Wedding Rumors
b Euro hovers near three-week low in London
e Spotify now has 10 million paid users
e Sweeten your inbox
b Chrysler loses 690 mln dollars in Q1
t Motorola Moto G vs Samsung Galaxy S3 - Top Specs and Price Comparison
t Nexus 5 vs LG G2, HTC One, Note 3 & iPhone 5S: Who Da Boss?
t Google Removes Story Critical Of Ex-Merrill Lynch CEO Stan O'Neal Under EU  ...
b Panera publishes comprehensive food policy
b Twitter and Amazon Partner to Make Shopping by Hashtag an Actual Thing
t U.N. panel urges 40%-70% cut in greenhouse gas emissions by 2050
b Oracle Increases Profit But Disappoints Wall Street
t Nintendo falls back into red with $229 mn annual loss
t Marcus: Wireless hotspots give TWC a 'complementary offering' to cellular
e Aereo CEO on broadcasting: No companies 'sacred' from tech changes
e Rob scares the Kardashians
m Spring allergies linked to some food allergies, specialist says
m Ebola zone nations isolated as airlines stop flights
b China evacuates its nationals from Vietnam after deadly unrest
t FCC Chair Wheeler Shuffles Open Internet Deck Ahead of Meeting
e Happy Birthday, Shakespeare! The 7 Best Looks from the Bard's Film Adaptations
e Maya Rudolph is doing 'what feels right': A comedy special
t Microsoft promises additional steps for protecting your email privacy
b Cruise Lines Want a New Kind of Passenger: Millennials
e The Walking Dead Season 5 Updates and Showrunner Teases New Characters
e Gone Girl's trailer is out – but is Fincher on form?
t Flipkart teases Moto E, confirms exclusivity
e Craig Ferguson Steps Down
m Pistorius planned to travel with Steenkamp shortly before killing, agent says
b A Tale of Two Reports: Fox Doesn't Trust CBO On Obamacare Costs, Embraces  ...
e Paul McCartney rocks in return to stage after illness
t Ford lowers fuel economy on 6 vehicles
e Shia LaBeouf released after arrest for disorderly disruption of Broadway  ...
t World's top electric car makers talk collaboration: Report
e Lupita Nyong'o Is People's Most Beautiful Person
e 'Bears': Survival is the bare necessity (review)
e REVIEW: Transformer: Age of Extinction has odd moments
b Glitch leaves thousands of local applicants in insurance limbo as Obamacare  ...
t LG Chromebase to go on sale starting May 26
b New home sales plunge in US
b China's Weibo IPO below expectations, raises $356.9m: report
m Congressmen introduce competing mental health bills
t Dre Day: Watch a Drunk Dr. Dre and Tyrese Celebrate Apple Buying Beats  ...
t Google to produce self-driving cars
e 'Scandal' Actor Columbus Short Arrested for Battery + Charged With Felony
e VIDEO: Colbert, Dave Take Selfie & More During LATE SHOW Visit
e Kim Kardashian And Kanye West's Wedding: Everything You Missed  ...
t Google's high-tech contact lenses could help diabetes sufferers
e Taylor Swift Turned Up at a Superfan's Bridal Shower
e James Franco turns broadway director
b Analyst Comments Following Barclays (BCS) Dark Pool Lawsuit
b Inflation falls to 1.6% as cost of living fears begin to ease
t Earth Hour makes Delhi switch off its lights
e Cyber-Consciousness Raising with Johnny Depp
b Ex-NYT Editor Pulls Out Of Brandeis Commencement
m Alesha Dixon, Amanda Holden and Lily Allen support new Dementia campaign  ...
b Strategy To YieldBoost PAG To 15.3% Using Options
m De Blasio touts housing initiative for NYC residents with HIV, AIDS
e Kim Kardashian & Kanye West's Honeymoon Details Sound Totally Bizarre​
e 'I was recently near death': Minaj at BET Awards
m Multiple Sclerosis Symptoms May Be Treated With Medical Marijuana: AAN
e Casey Kasem, the letter U and the numeral two
e Lethally Blonde: Miranda Lambert's Cheerful Country-Radio Revolution
m URGENT - MERS Illinois
e 'Star Trek' actor Chris Pine pleads guilty to DUI
e 'The Bachelorette' love letter
m If you think your kid is healthy, probably he is obese
b Regional U.S. accord signed to protect struggling Chesapeake Bay
m Burwell: Low-key manager takes on health care
b US law firm seeks records over MH370
e Batman: Arkham Knight Release Date Delayed To 2015
e Zac Efron is 'dating' Bad Neighbours co-star Halston Sage
m MERS is in the US, but Buffalo doctors may defeat it
t Majority of those killed from delayed GM recall were young drivers
b Argentina Declared in Default by S&P as Talks Fail
e What better way to get over a hump day than to gaze upon Ryan Gosling in a  ...
b US STOCKS-Futures edge higher after selloff, but concerns remain
b Barnes & Noble and Google Teaming Up Against Amazon
e Obituary: James Rebhorn, character actor, dies at 65
m FDA Approves Otezla, New Medication For Psoriatic Arthritis
b Apple-Beats Electronics: The Disrupter Is Disrupted
b Libyan rebels show 'good intentions' in talks on oil blockade
e Meryl and Maks: Lovers or brilliant marketers?
b Asian shares take a beating after US tech rout
t Project Ara gets January 2015 street date as developer conference kicks off
m Wikipedia Searches Trace the Spread of the Flu
b Company Update: Caterpillar Inc (NYSE:CAT) – Caterpillar Executive to Testify  ...
m Addressing 'death inequality'
t Ascend P7 Hands-on Preview
b Fed Official Seeks Radical Change in Bank Regulation
m Best jobs for the future
e Kim Kardashian Wants To Lose Weight, But Should She Give A F–k?
b American Apparel deal keeps Dov Charney on as consultant - for now
e 'Twilight' Star Nikki Reed and Paul McDonald Split After Two Years of Duets
e Noah: inspired by the Bible … and Darren Aronofsky's seventh grade poem
e Fast & Furious 7 to resume filming
b Yellen stresses employment, inflation in Fed's coming tightening decision
e Han, Luke and Leia back for new 'Star Wars'
b Credit card fees 'civil conspiracy', class action lawsuit says
e Nikki Ferrell's Friends Worry That Juan Pablo Will Break Her Heart — Report
e Take That, Grumpy Cat! 2014 MTV Movie Awards Host Conan O'Brien Is A Nick  ...
e 'The Hunger Games: Catching Fire' wins at the MTV Movie Awards
m Foods rich in Omega-3 may not benefit heart, study suggests
e Gabriel Garcia Marquez, Nobel laureate novelist dies, source says
e Nick Cannon vs. Kim Kardashian! Mariah Carey's Husband Jokes That 'A Lot Of  ...
t Hackers steal Domino's Pizza customer data in Europe, seek ransom
e As in his own day, many people still resist the message of Christ
b Fed taper continues, on pace to end in October
t Nintendo will introduce new consoles specifically designed for emerging  ...
t eBay Inc. (NASDAQ:EBAY) Reports Breach
e Hangout Fest VIP section a 'sweet spot' for those who shelled out the cash
t Cosmos and Creationists Continue to be at Odds
b DOT Proposes Airlines Disclose More Information to Consumers
b Walt Disney Company Acquires Maker Studios, An Online Content Network, For  ...
t Microsoft Could Cut around 6000 Jobs This Week, Source Says
m Senegal closes land border with Guinea, citing concern over deadly Ebola  ...
m MERS: What You Need to Know
b Iran oil exports fall for first time in five months
t Report: Sweeping iOS 7-style changes said to be coming for OS X 10.10
b VC Tim Draper Won The Government Bitcoin Auction, Will Bring Liquidity To  ...
b Uber taxi app seeks capital at $15 billion value: Report
e Malcolm Young Ailing, AC/DC Makes Announcement UPDATE
b Monday's most followed in US including 21st Century Fox, Pinnacle, Hillshire  ...
t The most secure version of BBM ever is now available
e All the glamour from the red carpet at this year's TV BAFTA Awards 2014
t 'Cardboard': Google's DIY VR Headset For All
t Heartbleed Bug News Update: Did NSA Use Malware to Access China's  ...
e Kim Kardashian Channels Audrey Hepburn
t Toyota Settles With U.S. for $1.2B
b Carney names IMF official to BoE committee
b Colorado wrestles with how to keep edible marijuana away from kids
m Medicaid, CHIP Enrollment Up 11.4% Since September 2013
t US Senators blast Wheeler's net neutrality proposal
t Most Popular Stories
e Watch Josh Murley vs. Patrick Thomson on The Voice 2014 Season 6 Battle  ...
e DiCaprio, Stone and celebs raise $35M for AIDS - CBS 3 Springfield - WSHM
e STOVALL: A different look at Easter
m Broomfield company searching for Ebola answers
e Warner Bros. Gearing Up for Godzilla Sequel
b China and Russia sign $400bn gas deal
b Alibaba founder Jack Ma: From English teacher to China's Steve Jobs
b New Report Highlights Why Global Warming Is Bigger Business Issue Than Most  ...
e 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier' Tops US Weekend Box Office; 'Rio 2  ...
e 'Transformers' Makes $100 Million—and not a Penny More
e Joel Murray, Freddie Rumsen on 'Mad Men,' on Being Don Draper's Voice
b Business briefs
t Heartbleed internet breach wider than anticipated
t VIDEO: Google Reverses Decision To Delete British Newspaper Links
b Malaysia: New satellite image finds large object in plane search
e 'How I Met Your Mother' finale recap: Talking TV
e Vogue cover: Kanye West and Kim Kardashian blissful in April issue
b Fiat Chrysler Banks on Jeep, Alfa Romeo to Fuel Sales
m Health Highlights: June 17, 2014
e Lohan bruised after birthday bike ride
t Tesla is opening up its patents
t Microsoft shows off real-time Skype translator
t Connecticut gas prices up 4 cents, AAA reports
b Objects spotted in new Indian Ocean search area as hunt for missing MH370  ...
t Time is now to decide planet's future: UN climate chief
e Kourtney Kardashian is Pregnant, Expecting Third Baby With Scott Disick!
e 'Transcendence' yet another odd role for talented Johnny Depp
m Mental disease, like heavy smoking, may shorten your lifespan
e Chewbacca's Back: Peter Mayhew Joins 'Stars Wars: Episode VII'
b Why Amazon (Probably) Gave You Free Money This Morning
b GLOBAL MARKETS-Euro edges lower ahead of pre-ECB inflation data
e OMG! Priyanka Chopra has copied all from Miley Cyrus, Selena Gomez to Freida  ...
b Rana Plaza factory collapse survivors struggle one year on
t How The Zebra Got His Stripes
t Facebook's 'Nearby Friends' Feature Might Just Lead One To Have A Real  ...
e 'Heaven is for Real' a rather cowardly adaptation of book
b China's PMI Finally Improved, so Why Are We Still Worried?
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West to wed
e Destiny's Child Reunites For Michelle Williams' Gospel Music Video
e Kristen bell is expecting a second child
b Oil prices increase as Iraq conflict worsens
b Jobless rate dips below 7 percent for first time since 2008
e Imagining the Aftermath of a Rapture-Like Event
b UPDATE 1-US CEOs more pessimistic on economy, capital expenditures
e GAME OF THRONES: RECAP FOR APRIL 27, 2014
e Selena Gomez's 'Love Yourself First' Tattoo
e Will Smith under investigation over daughter's controversial snap
t The Winner In The War Between Xbox One, PS4 And Wii U Is?
b Alibaba Stake Means Yahoo Investors Get Core Business For Free, But Is It  ...
e Drake Threw Shade At Macklemore At The ESPYs, So Grab The Popcorn
t Stock futures slightly lower; FCC assembles teams to review proposed mergers  ...
t Google Drive, GChat, Hootsuite All Down [UPDATE]
b Russian forces near Ukraine en route to home bases: defence ministry
t Giving Samsung tablets another chance with the Galaxy Tab Pro 8.4
b NTSB: Asiana crew 'over-relied' on automated systems
b Boston Ranks in the Upper Echelon of Nationwide Walkable Urbanism
t BlackBerry plans to focus on security for the enterprise
b Spherix Sues Cisco Over Alleged Patent Infringements
e US soul singer Bobby Womack dies at age 70
t Google social networking exec Vic Gundotra leaves job
b 'Marathon' stress tests will get Irish economy over the finish line
b Draghi's biggest decision yet could come this week
e Macaulay Culkin's band pelted with beer, boos
m Tick, tick, tick: It's time to check for ticks
e How this potato salad can help you save money on groceries
t Twitter starts weekly stats newsletter for users
b Coke, Pepsi dropping flame retardant from all drinks
t AT&T CEO Doesn't See How Regulators Approve Sprint/T-Mobile Deal
t FCC set to propose new 'Net Neutrality' rules
t First impressions: HTC One (M8)
b Elon Musk hints at surprise move on Tesla patents
e The Second Season of Orange Is the New Black Looks Dark
e First trailer for Brett Ratner's Hercules starring Dwayne Johnson
b US consumer sentiment deteriorates in March
b Egyptian microbus drivers concerned over petrol price hikes
t Tech companies commit to offering a 'kill switch' for preventing phone theft
b Oil market reacts neverously causing hike in oil prices
b Herbalife's Earnings A Case Study In Smoke And Mirrors
e Why Miley Cyrus Can't Stop Crying
t Google Takes Steps To Make Gmail Snoop-Proof
b Ingredion Incorporated: INGREDION NAMED AS A 2014 WORLD'S MOST  ...
t Acquisition DIRECTV by AT&T, Inc. May Not Be in Shareholders' Best Interests
t SoftBank CEO: US mobile broadband industry needs more competition
e Hilary Duff's Comeback Single 'Chasing the Sun' Leaks in Full
t Google will help Samsung's defense in its trial against Apple
e Beirut has gone bonkers about George Clooney's engagement to Lebanon's  ...
b US Manufacturing Growth Ramps to 57.3 in June - Markit (UUP)
t Nokia to complete handsets sale to Microsoft 25 April
m Chimerix to Give Dying Fredericksburg Boy Lifesaving Drug
b Tokyo stocks up 0.47pc by break
e Conan O'Brien Congratulates Stephen Colbert On Late Show Gig
e Chelsea Handler to end talk show after seven years
m Underweight People Likely To Die Sooner Than Overweight: Study
m Number of children identified with Autism Spectrum Disorder continues to rise
e Former 'Baywatch' star Pamela Anderson divorces Rick Salomon -- for the  ...
e Eddie Redmayne Graces The 2014 Met Gala With His Gorgeousness & His GF  ...
b GLOBAL MARKETS-Dollar steals march on euro, yen on stimulus talk
e 'Unfiltered' Shailene Woodley Explains Why She Deleted Her Instagram Account
m Cancer survivors, caregivers honored at annual reception
b IEA report shows growing global oil demand despite OPEC output decline
e New Music: Future f/ Kanye West – 'I Won'
t Instagram Gets Update to Version 6.0, Brings Actual Photo Editing Capabilities
m Utah e-cigarette retailers wary of new FDA regulations
t Personal Voyages and Space-time Odysseys: Rethinking 'Cosmos' for 2014
m Pinellas residents warned of mosquito-borne virus
e After coup allegation, S Sudan treason trial opens
m Marijuana Benefits MS Patients as Other Remedies Fail
e Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin to reunite for Netflix sitcom Grace And Frankie
m Police investigate stolen file of Schumacher
b European Stocks Climb, Extend Rally on Putin Speech; Kuoni Rises
b Republicans defend Caterpillar, blast U.S. tax code at hearing
e Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin separate after 11 years of marriage
e Review: "Heathers" Returns as a Musical
m US gene mapping study shows promise, challenges
b Eurozone Private Sector Maintains Growth Momentum
e Mayor de Blasio: NYC "vigilant" against any terror threat posed by unrest in Iraq
b Modest gains for stocks...Small business still feel Sandy's impact...PG&E pleads  ...
b Alibaba Q1 Earnings Triple, Revenue Pops As IPO Looms
t Delphix, VMware Team up to Launch Virtual Data Services Through vCloud Air  ...
b Obamacare: 6 things to watch for after 3/31 deadline
b Fannie Mae to Pay Treasury $5.7B on Quarterly Profit
e 'Captain America 2' Made $96 Million This Weekend. How Much Did You Make?
e Did Seth Rogen just start World War III?
b WashPost, NYT Uncritically Hail ObamaCare Delay, Omit Sebelius's Pledge  ...
e Miley Cyrus, Life Coach: Lessons From the Bangerz Tour Special
e TV star Rolf Harris guilty of sex assaults in Britain
m Heart attacks, strokes falling
e Casting Net: Lupita Nyong'o, Scarlett Johansson in talks to star in 'The Jungle  ...
t Grand Jury Probing GM Ignition Switch Defect, Docs Show
e Zac Efron insists he isn't a Bad Neighbour
m Cloning technique makes new advance in diabetes treatments
b EPA mistakenly hands out bonuses, says burden rests on employees
e Gwen Stefani in Talks to Replace Christina Aguilera on NBC's 'The Voice'
t Microsoft to End TV Production One Month After Show Debut
b Financial News Today: Alibaba's Under-The-Radar Investor
t Apple Introduces Cheaper IPhone 5c With Less Memory
m On Eve of 49th Anniversary of Medicare, Senate Democrats Highlight New Data  ...
m Chittenden declared Vt.'s healthiest county
m Free dermatology drug samples come at a cost
b Saturday, March 29 2014 10:15 AM
e Watch Mick Jagger Poke Fun At 'Wrinkly Old' Monty Python Members In New  ...
b Mortgage Rates Tick Up on Fed Chair's Comments
e Met Ball: Kendall Jenner Avoids Selena Gomez While Partying With New Best  ...
t WW1 Battle Re-enactment
b ZeptoLab tries to crush King's CANDY trademark
b A Look At Who Might Run Warren Buffett's Empire Next
t Galaxy S5 Pre-Orders and Price Announced for AT&T
e Shia LaBeouf In Treatment For Alcoholism
m Medical Marijuana Pills May Ease Some MS Symptoms
b It's boom and bust forfederal well inspections
b Shares struggle, oil firms on Iraq anxiety
t Let's Go to the Moon Again!
t Here Is Watch Dogs' Map
b HP to slash up to 16000 more jobs
b Tokyo stocks rise 0.39 pct on hopes for strong corporate results
b Ryanair scraps bag check-in fees for business travellers
e 'The Brady Bunch' star Ann B. Davis dead at 88
b Choosing the right health plan for your family
e Beyonce and Jay-Z's Concert Tour Disrespects Justin Bieber [PHOTOS]
t Obama blames GOP for looming highway crisis
e Is Jay Z cheating on Beyonce with Rihanna? Rumors say couple will split after  ...
b ADM To Buy WILD Flavors In EUR2.3 Bln Deal
e 10 Things I've Learned About Love From 'How I Met Your Mother'
e Watch Delvin Choice Sing on The Voice 2014 Live Shows, April 28, 2014 (VIDEO)
m People Who Speak Two or More Languages Show Enhanced Cognition: Study
b McDonald's Blames Weak Sales On Weather
t National Security Agency knew of Heartbleed bug two years ago, used it for  ...
e 'Mad Men' Season 7 Recap, Cast & News Update: Series Creator Says 'This  ...
t Google in talks to acquire Twitch for over $1 Billion
e Miley Cyrus' Tour Bus Goes Up In Flames!
t Google Android Wear is here - are Apple and Microsoft already too late?
e Pippa Middleton Talks About Her 'Insignificant' Bridesmaid Dress
b European stocks slide after Iraq news
t Microsoft Office for iPad: too late for travellers, or just in time?
e Paul Walker To Be Honored At MTV Movie Awards
t Google Luxottica Deal: Glass Is Getting A Stylish Revamp From The Makers Of  ...
m Sharp Rise In MERS Cases May Mean The Virus Is Evolving
t NASA rover breaks out-of-this-world distance record on Mars
b U.S. Jobless Claims Edge Down in Latest Week
b Alibaba Profit Surge Fuels Speculation IPO Will Break Record
e Stephen Colbert ripped over 'racist' tweet
e Jessica Simpson & Eric Johnson Throw Lavish Pre-Wedding Barbeque
t Brace Yourselves For Apple Inc., Facebook Inc Quarterly Numbers
t Mozillagate Proves Gay Rights Are No Longer Up for Debate
b Beijing supporters enjoy the party
b Ally Financial (ALLY) Launches IPO; Treasury to Offer 95M Shares
e It was a bad night for men on Monday's 'The Voice' playoffs
b Grand Island man dies after US 30 collision
e Jill Abramson was grossly overpaid
e Legendary British Rocker Phil Collins Delivers Priceless Collection To The Alamo
t Parrot Launches Oculus Rift-Enabled Bebop Drone
m E-cigs draw more lawmaker scrutiny: New bill aims to regulate like traditional  ...
e Lena Dunham Stars in Saturday Night Live Scandal Spoof as Awkward New  ...
b Police: Helicopter crashes at Birchwood Airport
t Details On PS4 Update 1.70 That Includes SHAREfactory
t Standby for Titanfall: We Talk With Respawn CEO Vince Zampella
t Apple offering free product recyling, pledges to reduce emissions
m Always Tired? You May Have Sleep Apnea
e Crowdfunding helping couples pay for weddings
t Google said to be in talks to buy streaming-video site Twitch
m Ebola outbreak worst on record
b FT: Sandberg Slashes Facebook Holdings By Half
e Only in Hollywood: Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin 'enjoying Bahamas  ...
e Ryan Gosling's 'Lost River' at Cannes: When critics attack...
b Bank of Japan stands pat on policy, ups capex view
t NASA to test 'flying saucer' landing craft for future Mars missions
b UPDATE: Costco Same-Store Sales Rise 5% In April
t Tech world stunned as court rules Oracle can own API's, Google loses copyright  ...
e TI & Floyd Mayweather's Fight — Reason Revealed
e I am not jealous or catty: Megan Fox
t FCC chairman revises proposals to ban Internet fast lanes
e Peter Mayhew to reprise his role as Chewbacca
b Train derailment: Sens. Warner, Kaine call for safer rail shipments of crude oil
b John Kerry says US 'excited' about India's new PM Modi
e Kansas families complain about Michelle Obama speaking at a high school  ...
t More than 250 new emojis announced, including 'hand with middle finger  ...
b HTC back to profit in Q2
e Review: Brick Mansions' deft action helps redeem silly plot
t Net Neutrality Protest? Proposed FCC Rules Spark Some Criticism, But  ...
e Bob Geldof's Daughter Peaches Dead at 25
t Samsung Galaxy Note 2 Android 4.4 KitKat Details Pop Up
m CDC: Illinois man who twice met MERS patient in US apparently picked up  ...
b Predicting the market: Here's what the pros are watching for
e Lindsay Lohan Poses For Alleged Sex Offender Terry Richardson! Kim  ...
e Kate Winslet Is Red Hot In Form-Fitting Frock At LA Premiere Of Divergent
e Man stuck in airport makes hilarious 'All By Myself' music video
t The end of a patent battle
b Gold Gains On Iraq Tensions
b European Factors to Watch-Shares seen up on comments from central bankers
e Dancing With The Stars Elimination Results – DWTS 5/5/14
m Second MERS case in US reported in Fla.
e 'Orange Is the New Black': First Season 2 Trailer Previews 'Next-Level Crazy  ...
e Teen Gay Sex Abuse Lawsuits Target 3 More Top Hollywood Figures
e Want a cameo in new Star Wars film? Here's your chanceWant a cameo in new  ...
b ECB's Draghi: Various easing measures could be adopted to counter prolonged  ...
e Marvel delivers the summer movie you've been waiting for
t ZeniMax Sues Oculus for Copyright Infringement
e Need a 'Scandal' season finale (wine) drinking game? It's handled!
e What Solange Had To Say About That Infamous Elevator Fight…
e Josh Hartnett welcomes the horrors of 'Penny Dreadful,' advantages of TV over film
t Did humans and dinosaurs co-exist?
t Google unveils new Glassware ahead of I/O conference
t At a Glance: GM ignition switch compensation plan
b Marathon Petroleum Corporation (NYSE:MPC) Acquires Hess Corporation  ...
e The Voice's Audra McLaughlin: 12 Things You Need to Know
t GM Recall Seen Missing Cobalts With Faulty Ignition Switch (1)
e Movie Review: 'Neighbors' twerks like magic
e Click to view (7 Photos)
b Sharp rise in new orders for manufacturing sector - Investec PMI
e US news anchor Diane Sawyer steps down
b Christine Lagarde faces Official Investigation
t Suzuki recalls GM-made small cars for fire problem
b HealthCare.gov down for maintenance on final Obamacare sign-up day
b OPEC pumps quarter of a million more b/d in May
e Michael Jackson: Remembering a pop legend on the anniversary of his death
b Why Tesco PLC Could Be A Top Recovery Play
e Kate Middleton bare bum photo: Palace silence not necessarily golden for Kate
b Stocks open higher on Wall Street as market shakes off a two-day slump  ...
t Walmart, Costco Discount iPhone 5s as Summer Deals Begin to Emerge
b Obama: IMF deal for Ukraine a 'major step forward'
t YouTube to roll out separate app for content creators
b Happy Birthday, America: On July 4 Gas Prices Will Hit a 6-Year High
m Mental illness can be as bad for health as smoking
t A Clear and Present Danger
t Mozilla CEO Brendan Eich resigns over anti-gay controversy: What's the real  ...
t Is Microsoft Corporation Adopting an Android Strategy for Windows Phone?
b Gold steadies while strikes support platinum
m Experimental drug request granted for sick boy
t Amazon Launches Kindle Unlimited, A Subscription-Based Book Service
e 'Star Wars: Episode VII' might be a real Star Wars movie
b US Export-Import Bank at heart of debate over federal role
e Ice Bucket Challenge Has Tragic Ending
m Free HIV testing available Friday
t Nintendo News: Mario Kart 8 Speeds onto Charlotte Motor Speedway for  ...
e Game of Thrones: A Tragic Downfall?
t Gas prices may jump from California emissions law - possibly 40 cents/gallon
e James Franco, Seth Rogen run afoul of North Korea
e Amazon's Streaming Music Service Is Here
b World Bank cuts China growth forecast
t Apple awarded $119 million, but who's winning the fight?
b Ship leaves Libya rebel port carrying oil, official says
m Do ads for e-cigs make kids want to smoke?
m VIDEO: This Dancing Paramedic Will Make You Want to Get Injured on Purpose
b FTSE 100 yanked lower by AstraZeneca, miners
e CBS Leads TCA Award Nominations
t Why iOS 8 matters
e Meryl Davis dazzles, but Charlie White earns top score on 'Dancing with the Stars'
t Total Lunar Eclipse Live Stream: Watch The 'Blood Moon' Rise Here [VIDEO]
b Obamacare sign-ups surge in California ahead of deadline
b Iowa Corn, Soybean Emergence Ahead Of Average
b World's worst garment disaster, one year on and little has changed
e David Fincher and Sony Clash Over Upcoming Untitled Steve Jobs Biopic
e “X-Men" Director Bryan Singer Accused Of Sexually Abusing A Teenage Boy
t Air quality improves in the US
b Labour market still needs support: Yellen
e Elin Nordegren, Lindsey Vonn become friends, making Tiger Woods's life easier
t Fifty years of the Ford Mustang - in pictures
b Massachusetts To Default to Healthcare.gov, But First Will Attempt Hail Mary To  ...
b Best S&P week since July, Nasdaq up for fourth straight day
e Beyoncé Knowles fuels rumors of marital crisis
b OVERNIGHT TECH: AT&T claims merger is about 'consumer demand'
t New Google Maps feature lets you travel back in time 0
b WJTV News Channel 12 - Merkel, in Athens, praises Greek reform progress
b Carney Testimony The Key To Sterling Today
t UK Government Shells Out £5.5m for Extended XP Support
t Verizon Profits From Telecom Oligopoly In The U.S.
t See the evolution of the universe like never before
t Tesco to launch own-brand smartphone this year
e Lindsay Lohan suffered miscarriage while filming her reality show
b Boeing forecasts demand for 36770 new airplanes valued at $5.2 trillion
b Transportation crisis looms, Obama officials warn
m Ohio woman gives birth to rare twins holding hands on Mother's D - kotanow  ...
e Tissues, counselors ease pain at 9/11 museum
e True Blood Review: The Kills Continue with Another Goodbye
t Nest Learning Thermostat has its security cracked open by GTVHacker
b EPA proposes to block Alaskan pebble mine over salmon risk
m Study Suggests Drinking Coffee May Be Good For Your Eyes
t Celebrities discuss getting to grips with the internet
b FX Waits For The US to Return Today
e Tom Ford Bestowed CFDA Lifetime Achievement Award
b Obama extends health care signup deadline for those who've already begun
e Mom overjoyed at Kimye wedding
e Miley Cyrus WON'T be an X Factor judge (phew) and Simon Cowell's done it  ...
e Bang! Jessie J, Minaj, Grande team up for new tune
t Pittsburgh teen discovers way to save the government millions: change your font
e Oscar winners to make movie about Bowe Bergdahl
m Sierra Leone Researchers Call for Improved Health Surveillance and  ...
m US Baby Functionally Cured of Aids Virus
t Samsung Galaxy S5 LTE-A is Now the Company's Best Device
b Euro inches up vs dollar in face of pressure on the upside
b CBO: Obamacare Will Cost Less Than Projected, Cover 12 Million Uninsured  ...
b UPDATE 4-Yahoo's growth anemic as turnaround chugs along
e First teaser for David Fincher's 'Gone Girl' with Ben Affleck released (Video)
b ECB Preview: May is Too Early for Action
e She's Moved On! Sofia Vergara Dating 'Magic Mike' Actor Joe Manganiello After  ...
t Nintend-OH NO! Sorry, Mario – your profits are in another castle
e Lady Gaga reveals handwritten 'G.U.Y.' single artwork on Facebook [PHOTO]
e Kevin Bacon Joins 'Black Mass,' 'Cop …
e Gwen Stefani and Pharrell Perform 'Hollaback Girl' on 'The Voice'
e 'Conscious uncoupling' has its D day
e Harry Porter star, Rupert Grint to make debut in “It's Only a Play”
e Olivia Wilde Gives Birth – Welcomes Son Otis Alexander Sudeikis With Jason  ...
b Why banks, hedge funds and Silicon Valley all want their own stock exchanges
m Peace Corps Workers Isolated After Ebola Exposure
t Google Android L: Everything we know
t 'Blood moon' captivates stargazers
e WATCH: Montana man proposes to girlfriend via epic lip-sync to 'I'm Gonna Be  ...
b Posted by Abdul Ahad
e L'Wren Scott death ruled a suicide; girlfriend of Mick Jagger died of hanging
e Reality TV Recap The Voice Battle Rounds Part 4: Live blog
t GM Recalls 7.6 Million More Cars Over Ignition Switch Defect
t 'Painful' regulations keeping Google on the periphery of life sciences
b Macro Horizons: UK Retail Sales Soar; BOE Getting Close to Raising Rates?
b Stocks open mixed as the market heads toward a slight weekly loss, its second  ...
e Beyonce and Jay-Z Divorce Rumors Put Aside as Couple Lead BET Awards  ...
e California gunman's 'manifesto' revealed
b Stagecoach shares rise following rail franchise extension
e Dean McDermott Threatening Tori Spelling with Divorce
t Microsoft [Finally] Releases Office For The iPad And It's Available to Download  ...
b Two-week High for Gold on Iraq Turmoil
e Bachelorette 2014 Spoilers: Who Is Contestant Steven Woolworth?
b Tax deadline: If you're due a refund, don't panic
b US auto sales picked up steam in March; Chrysler led way, modest gains at  ...
b More ways the government in Turkey is limiting free speech
t LG G3 Release Date Set for July 11 on AT&T
t Twitter plugs security flaw in its TweetDeck service after security breach
e Pharrell Backs Hillary Clinton For President, Talks About The Twerkin' Tea Party  ...
t New Mozilla CEO sorrowful “at having caused pain” to Firefox users; promises to  ...
b Services Growth Hits 17-Month High in June: HSBC PMI
b Target to Testify It's Exploring Slow Response to Hackers
b Mathematician Proves The Obvious – Candy Crush Saga is Too Hard!
b Is US Loosening Oil Export Ban?
e BET Awards: The Crazy Things Host, Chris Rock Said
e Valentino Garavani served Kim Kardashian a 'diet' wedding cake!
m Snow And Pollen? It Must Be "Spwinter" Time
t Facebook "back up to 100 per cent" after half-hour outage
m US doctor in Liberia 'weak, quite ill' with Ebola: colleague
e Report: Michael Jackson Has Earned $700 Million Since His Death
b Corn prices climb on reports of falling supply
t New Voyager Map Reveals Unprecedented View of Neptune's Moon, Triton
b Ex-BofA Finance Chief Price Settles Merrill-Purchase Lawsuit (2)
b U.S. wins trade dispute with China over duties on cars, SUVs
b Google's Same-Day Delivery Pilot Goes Bi-Coastal
t Microsoft changes privacy policy after Hotmail snooping controversy
t Supreme Court Rejects Google Appeal on Street View Snooping
b US Auto Sales Fall Short of Estimates in July; Toyota Passes Ford
t Apple acquires Beats for $3 bn in biggest acquisition to date
e Beyonce, Jay Z Summer Tour 2014: Couple to Perform in NYC on July 4?
b Fiat shareholders vote in favour of Chrysler merger
t Supermoon to Brighten Your Whole World Tomorrow Night
t Microsoft Announces More Of Its Mobile-First, Cloud-First Product Line
e Sideshow: Troubles continue for Chris Brown
e Photo of Willow Smith in Bed With Older, Shirtless Actor Raises Concerns
t Activision investing $500 million into Destiny, won't break even analysts say
t Mars to give earthlings an eyeful -- don't miss the show!
e 'Saturday Night Live' Fires Freshman Cast Member Brooks Wheelan
e Hunger Games Mockingjay trailer: President Snow makes Panem address
e An Inside Look At Richard Linklater's BOYHOOD
e Ailing Paul McCartney adds South Korea to canceled tour list
b U.S. Tells Citi to Raise Settlement Offer
t Sony thinks it can sell you a smartphone just for the selfies
b Euro (EUR) Exchange Rate Stronger against Sterling, US Dollar as Eurozone  ...
t WrestleMania 30 Payoffs Finally Issued, Were They Disappointing?, Tonight's  ...
b Emily's List among those rapping Walker over repeal of state equal pay law
t Google Debunks Glass Myths, Says Specs Not Ready for Primetime
b Police forcibly remove Hong Kong protestors
e 'Transformers 4: Age of Extinction' Review: 'T4' is Biggest Movie of Summer  ...
t Facebook Basically Shrugs Off User Outrage Over 'Emotional' Experiment
b Russian Economy 'Shows Signs of Decline' in Worsening Ukraine Crisis
e Obama Celebrates Cinco de Mayo, Warns Guests 'Be Careful' the Margaritas  ...
e 'The Voice' teams before they go live
b Robert Samuelson: The rich are getting richer
e Sue Townsend, British author of "Adrian Mole" books, dies
t A week in reviews: 7 - 11 April
m Study: Teens are smoking and drinking less, texting more
e Rescheduling Miley Cyrus
b Recommendation from the Independent Committee of the Scania Board of  ...
m Amy Van Dyken Posts Positive Tweets, Instagram Photos, Thanks Fans for Prayers
t Massive, and maybe fit for life: Meet the 'Godzilla of Earths'
t YouTube purchases gamers' video platform Twitch for $1 billion — media
b Wall Street closes at record highs
m Police Departments Across Essex County to Participate in Take Back Drugs Day
t Facebook's Teen Exodus May Have Been Grossly Exagerated [New Stats]
b Crude gains on upbeat US growth, jobless claims reports
t Purported Samsung Galaxy S5 Prime Spotted On Zauba
m Doctors eradicate cancer with measles vaccine
t Microsoft moves deeper into cloud with Office Graph, OneDrive updates
e Justin Bieber Joins Chance the Rapper at Coachella
b Stock Market News for April 01, 2014
e Turkish drama Winter Sleep wins the Palme d'Or, top prize at Cannes
b Target announces no-gun policy
m Older Californians rank tops in nation in healthy behaviors, still face challenges  ...
e Celebrities walk the Red Carpet at BET Awards
e Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber split again?
e NYU Commencement at Yankee Stadium
b Vitacost acquired by Kroger
m 3rd case of chikungunya confirmed in Pinellas
t Ford Issues Recall for Over 750000 Vehicles
b Is It Time for the Contrarians to Buy Amazon?
t Dwarf Planet “Biden” Discovered
b Large Cap Unusual Volume: DISH Network Corp (NASDAQ:DISH), Lloyds  ...
e Will Hayden Arrested, SONS OF GUNS Cancelled Confirms Discovery Channel
t How to check for software updates on Android Wear
t Bus-size asteroid zips by earth at distance closer than moon
t Recalls: Saturn Aura, GM Crossovers, Ford Heavy-Duty Trucks
t Guidance Software AgainRecognized as a Leader in Gartner Magic Quadrant for  ...
b Nokia names Rajeev Suri as new CEO as sales drop
e The Leftovers Author Tom Perrotta Breaks Down How He Went Hollywood
t International Court of Justice upholds Australia's bid to ban Japanese whaling in  ...
e 'Nothing's changed': Tourists lapping it up at Moon parties, Bangkok attractions  ...
b Good news and warnings in the Social Security and Medicare reports
b Amazon's unit growth slips again; delivery network in test mode
e Justin Bieber To Be Charged With Vandalism Today
t Gas prices fall about 9 cents in Michigan
b Indian Budget Details, US Dollar, $1300/Oz Level Eyed For Gold Market
b California's Obamacare deadline sign-up surge
b VIDEO: Giant fish tank ruptures at 'T-REX Cafe' in Orlando
e Tracy Baxter: 9/11 museum swings from respectful to tacky
b Japan drugmaker Takeda says will fight $7.54 billion US damages order
b Airbnb valued at $US10bn in funding talks
e Carrie Fisher lost 35 pounds for Star Wars: Episode VII role
b Colorado Collects $2m In Marijuana Taxes
e 'American Idol' Top 9 predictions: C.J. Harris will be eliminated
e Garth Brooks fans advised to wait and see
e Brad Pitt: Red carpet prankster Vitalii Sediuk will get 'stomped'
t Nest 'Smart' Thermostat To Launch In The UK
t Xbox One April Firmware Preview Live Now, Full Changelog Out, Still No  ...
b Nissan Reports Profits Rise on Weak Yen
e 'Dancing With The Stars' week 6 elimination - Find out who went home (Spoilers)
e Nadine Gordimer, anti-apartheid author, dies aged 90
b Dollar Snaps Five-Day Losing Stretch Amid Drop in Risk Appetite
t Comet Siding Spring barrels toward sun, sprouts multiple jets
e Broadcast Icon Casey Kasem Dead at 82
b Malaysia Airlines headed for full state ownership
e Gordon Willis, 'Godfather' and 'Annie Hall' cinematographer, dies
e Jimmy Fallon and Jude Law Made Terrifyingly Ugly Faces on the 'Tonight Show  ...
m Long Island Hospital Warns of Possible Hepatitis, HIV Exposure
m New Ebola outbreak raising fears
m Salmonella linked to California chicken company ongoing
b Emirates Air Signs Off on Order for $56 Billion of Boeing 777s
e Celebritiy Feud: Jenner Sisters, Kendall & Kylie Cut Selena Gomez Off, Say  ...
t Navy hands out NeRD e-readers with no Wi-Fi - 99 bottles of beer on the wall
b What to Expect From Yellen's First Fed Meeting
b NBCUniversal Reaches New Multi-Year Deal with WWE
e Glen Campbell Has Been Moved Into a Facility
b Target chief resigns five months after data breach
b Investors Brace for More Than a Minor Pullback
b Pfizer Q1 2014 Sales Plunge, Profit Down 15% As No. 1 US Drug Maker  ...
b FBI probes high-speed traders as Wall Street investigation expands
m A long winter ushers in a more severe pollen allergy season.
t Eta Aquarid Meteor Shower Peaks Tuesday Morning
e Sherri Shepherd, Jenny McCarthy leaving 'The View,' a not-uncommon sight for  ...
t Google To Launch A low-cost Phone In India
b Iran oil exports rise to 1.2m barrels/day
e The Amazing Spider-Man 2 Review
e Movies: Heaven is for Real and Transcendence arrive in time for Easter
b Weibo Corp (NASDAQ: WB) Surges 32 Percent on First Day of Trading
e Ariana Grande Sizzles With Sexy 'Problem' Performance At MuchMusic Video  ...
t WWE reports $14.2 million dollar loss and it's all WWE Network's fault
e Rupert Grint to star in Broadway comedy play 'It's Only a Play' this fall
e Paul Walker Missed – Production Resumes For Fast And Furious 7
m Evolution explains facial hair trends
b ASEAN FMs Urge Restraint in South China Sea Disputes
b McDonald's offers two weeks of free coffee
t PM/AM: The Science of Cinema
e Versailles and Valentino host Kardashian, West, friends and family amid  ...
b As job market recovers, many don't see growth
m Recast: Xinhua Insight: China's struggle to keep its young from smoking
t Motorola Moto E unveiled as £89 budget offering
e Ruby Dee, actress and civil rights activist, dies at 91
e British Airways Sued For Flying Passenger To Grenada Instead of Granada
m Shisha cafe culture may spread MERS faster
m Women with diabetes at higher heart disease risk: Study
t Change Your EBay Password — Now
e 'Draft Day': Can Kevin Costner save the Cleveland Browns? (review)
t Time Warner Cable to debut 24-hour San Antonio TV news network
b The Morning Risk Report: Values and Reputation Risk in Fast Food
b Alabama included in $550M SunTrust mortgage abuse settlement - WSFA.com  ...
b What to look for in Coca-Cola's results
b Vatican Bank profits fall
e Are Kim Kardashian + Kanye West Trying For A Second Baby?
b Will General Electric Counterbid For Alstom?
b Graduates face default when co-signers die or go bankrupt
b Yellen's "Less Dovish" Shift Is Not Fully Convincing
t Huawei launches 'world's slimmest' smartphone Ascend P7
m Gene Injection Gives Pigs 'Biological Pacemakers'
t Straight to 8: London's Met Police hatches Win XP escape plan
e TI and Floyd Mayweather allegedly involved in Las Vegas brawl
t Migrating from MS Windows XP easier with $100 discount and other freebies
t Apple Ransomware Targeting iCloud Users Hits Australia
b Nearly one-fifth of China's farmland polluted with toxic metals
e Angelina Jolie, Jennifer Lawrence and Justin Bieber land in our MORNING  ...
e Rare British Guiana stamp sells for record US$9.5mil
t FBI Investigating Bomb Threats to Sony Online Entertainment President
b Ukraine: Chechen leader Ramzan Kadyrov says he hasn't sent troops
t GM recalls Saturns to fix gear shifts
t Baby gorillas born at New York zoo
e Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt in Early Talks to Co-Star in Movie Actress Wrote  ...
b Will Alibaba's IPO Be The Largest Ever?
b Dollar General Shares Tumble Following CEO Resignation; Analysts Disagree
e Harry Potter fans get glimpse of the wizard's future in new story
e 'The Flash' Costume: See Grant Gustin's Full Outfit Ready for CW Super Speed!
e The Game of Thrones Rape Scene Was Unnecessary and Despicable
b Cement firms strike merger deal
b Alibaba Invests $215m In Video Messaging App Tango
t BlackBerry to Offer Customers Amazon Appstore with OS 10.3
t Top UN court orders end to Japan's Antarctic whale hunt
t Qualcomm Bolsters Wi-Fi Leadership With 60 GHz Wireless For Mobile  ...
e First 'Horrible Bosses 2' teaser trailer revealed – watch
b Squirrel Blamed For $300K In Damage To Ind. Building
t All-New Smart ForTwo and ForFour Revealed by Audio Company!
t Google Nexus 7 Now Available in More Countries in Europe
e Neil Young Announces PonoMusic & PonoPlayer
e Spongebob Squarepants comes to our world in first 'Sponge Out of Water' trailer  ...
b Brazil's IMF Envoy Says Lagarde Court Case 'No Trivial Matter'
b 'Vultures' Force Argentina To Edge Of Default
b TE Connectivity Hones High-Tech Sensor Portfolio
e New York Times publisher denies gender bias, calls Abramson bad manager
e Photo By Kathy Kmonicek/AP
e TODAY's Takeaway: People reveals Most Beautiful; designers make clothes to  ...
e Justin Bieber's Behavior In Deposition Video Sparks Controversy
e Moises Arias: 5 Things To Know About Willow Smith's Bed Buddy
b Bouygues throws down an extra €1bn in fight to buy SFR
b Euro posts biggest fall against US$ in 7 weeks
e Kim Kardashian goes on pre-wedding shopping spree
m VIDEO: Are Fish Oil Benefits A Myth?
b Endless Appetizers, Big Risk For TGI Fridays
e Cannes Draws to a Glamorous Close
e The Hunger Games Mockingjay clip: Peeta Mellark looks deliciously evil next to  ...
b Conservatives ready with big hugs for Tim Hortons: Tim Harper
t Ubisoft Unleashes the Launch Trailer for Watch Dogs
t Office for iPad to sound starting gun for Microsoft's 'mobile first' strategy
t Don't Panic About Heartbleed but Have a Spring Clean Anyway (Op-Ed)
t April Fool's gags abound on Internet
e Marijke Rowland: Spoiler alert: Columnist spills many beans
e Nearing Easter: Christians celebrate Palm Sunday
b Breakfast Waffle Wars Heat Up
e Cannes: Kornel Mundruczo's White God wins Un Certain Regard award
b Rebels deny shooting down airliner
e Miley Cyrus hospitalized for allergic reaction, cancels Kansas City show
e Easter sunrise services
m Fruits and Vegetables Linked to Decreased Risk of Stroke
m Physical activity program reduces risk of major mobility disability among older  ...
b Oracle's Q3 2014: Cloud Software and Engineered Systems Revenues Show  ...
t Solved! Puzzling Signals Thought Originating from Habitable-Zone Planets
t PS4 gets virtual reality headset to beat Oculus Rift, behold Project Morpheus
b Major markets little changed after economic news
m Cellular culprit identified for invasive bladder cancer, according to Stanford study
e Rick Ross Moves 180k With Mastermind, Def Jam Celebrates
e Robert Downey Jr. and Wife Susan Pregnant Expecting Second Child Together  ...
e Tila Tequila Is Pregnant! See Her Bumpin' Selfie HERE!
m New DNA test identifies prostate cancer risk
e Kerry Washington thanks Scandal team for concealing pregnancy
m Canadian skin cancer rates not a cancer success story
b King Ready To Take Candy Crush Public [Electronic Arts Inc.]
t FCC Chair Wants to Know What You Think About Internet Fast Lanes
t Apple preparing new 12.9-inch iPad for early 2015
e Mickey Rooney, a Hollywood icon
t Do you know that HTC One M8 'Ace Vogue' is coming?
t 10 Reasons Watch Dogs Is A Huge Disappointment
b US retail sales increased in March by most since 2012
m Pacific Organic Produce Issues Recall On Mangos
t Google Aims New Intel-Powered Chromebooks At Mainstream PC Buyers
m Pistorius had no mental disorder
b Euro Suffers After Inflation Data Disappoints and Other Top Forex News.
b BMO Harris Bank Mortgage Interest Rates Mar 13
m In a Fog: The Physical and Emotional Effects of Breast Cancer Chemotherapy
e THE BACHELOR FINALE RECAP FOR MARCH 10, 2014
e 'The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies' first trailer debuts
b John Kerry in India
e Glastonbury Festival: revellers put on a brave face as mud returns
b GE Seeks to Raise $3.1 Billion in Synchrony Financial IPO -- 2nd Update
b Postal Workers Freaking Out Because America Is About To Find Out Anyone  ...
e Bachelorette Season 10 Episode 8 Stream [SPOILERS] A Heartbreaking Rose  ...
t Verizon upgrades Fort Wayne's 4G network
b REPEAT: UPDATE: UK Manufacturing Growth Lowest In One Year
b Avoid a personal tax audit by addressing potential red flags
t Judge strikes down Apple attempt to bar Samsung's 'untrue' patent comments
b Rules proposed on disclosing fees
t Hyundai Recalls 883K Sedans to Correct Transmission Cable
t Microsoft begins testing Office for Android tablets
t With Surface Pro 3 and no Mini, Microsoft delights and disappoints
e Dave Franco Dating, Girlfriend 2014: 'Neighbors' Star Receives Alison Brie's  ...
e US-Japan TPP-Related Talks at Impasse; Gaps Remain on Major Issues  ...
t Facebook probe into 'super disturbing' mood experiment
t Microsoft announces Office for iPad
e 'Rio 2' edges 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier' at the Friday box office with  ...
e Harrison Ford injured on 'Star Wars: Episode VII' set, airlifted to hospital
b Ford to name Fields CEO; Mulally reportedly to retire before year's end
e Jessica Barrymore Suicide: Drew Barrymore's Half-Sister Found Dead With  ...
e Paramount denies Pope Francis postponed meeting with Russell Crowe
e 'Game of Thrones' Season Premiere Recap: Arya Stark Grows Up [Spoilers]
b S&P Dow Jones contacts fund groups over Russian sanctions impact
e Is Rob Kardashian On That Lean?
e Rachel Weisz in negotiations to star in 'Idol's Eye'
e Bride-to-be Kim Kardashian celebrates bachelorette party at Eiffel Tower
b Walmart Partnership to Lower Prices of Organic Foods
t Major Silicon Valley companies agree to $324.5 million hiring pact
m Four New Cases Of MERS CoV Infection Reported In Saudi Arabia: WHO
b The Closing of Crumbs and the End of the Cupcake Era
e Affair costs Kristen Stewart role in Snow White and The Huntsman sequel
e Andrew Garfield Runs For His Life In Beyonce Parody Trailer
b Researchers Say This Is The Best Job Of 2014
e Neil Young to release new digital music platform
e Georgina Haig Set To Play Frozen's Snow Queen Elsa In 'Once Upon A Time'
e Report: Justin Bieber Sings About Killing a 'N**ger', Joining KKK in New Clip
m The Record: Campus smoking
t SlingTV aims for a unified TV experience at home and away
m Fruit and veg keeps the undertaker away
e Watch the Best Celebrity Ice Bucket Challenge Videos (So Far) in One Supercut
e Palm Sunday Quotes: 10 Sayings To Help Usher In Feast Commemorating  ...
t Harley-Davidson US retail sales likely 'up mid-single digits' in Q2
e TELEVISION LEGEND BARBARA WALTERS TO MAKE HER FINAL  ...
e Duke porn star claims to be 'nervous' as she makes her stripping debut with  ...
t T-Mobile launching first Windows Phone 8.1 phone in early July
m Dove's “beauty patch” experiment puts the self back in self-esteem
e Justin Bieber: Deposition regarding photographer assault (Video)
t Long weekend means higher gas prices
e No transformation in 'Extinction'
e Khloe Kardashian and her sisters enjoy Paris shopping spree with mom Kris  ...
t Oarfish Mexico: 2 rare oarfish surprise tourists in Mexico (Video)
b AstraZeneca forecasts sales of $45 billion by 2023 in bid to fight off Pfizer  ...
e 'Bachelorette' Host Chris Harrison Defends Show's Decision To Include Eric  ...
b Let's Gowex to hit back at Gotham City attack
t Google Founders Eye 'Fully Reasoning' AI
t Meteor Shower Will Be Most Visible Early Tuesday Morning
t iOS 8, OS X 10.10 Release Date, Details: New Apple Software Should Be  ...
t Titanfall on Xbox One 'likely' to get resolution increase, Respawn says
t US regulators warn FB, WhatsApp privacy promises
t Google previews Fit software development kit for health-tracking apps
b California's water wars reach 'new level of crazy'
b Weibo shares jump in US market debut
e 'DWTS' Recap: [SPOILER] Wins 'Dancing With The Stars' Season 18
t Honda recalls minivans; cars could catch fire
b Number of stay-at-home mothers on the rise, study says
e Andre Johnson, aka 'Christ Bearer,' in Stable Condition After Shocking Suicide  ...
t GM, safety agency face Congress over recalls
e 'Godzilla' revamp crushes box office
b GM plows $449m into Chevy Volt factories
m Mental illness facts need to be known
b GoPro set to tap markets for $400M
b Over 66 and poor? Data brokers take notice
b Euro to Australian Dollar (EUR/AUD) Exchange Rate Driven Higher before  ...
e Girl Doesn't Want 3-Month Old Brother to Grow Up
e For Kim Kardashian, family comes first
t Motorola rumoured to launch 6.3-inch phablet later this year
t New study reveals cause of 'Domestication Syndrome'
t Yahoo Acquisitions Power Flickr's New Object Recognition Search, Editing And  ...
e Iggy Azalea Tops Hot 100 With 'Fancy,' Matches Beatles' Historic Mark
e Lights Camera Jackson: McCarthy, her fans deserve better in 'Tammy'
e 'Game of Thrones' Star Maisie Williams Talks Arya, The Hound's Parting Scene  ...
t The 5 most exciting announcements from Google I/O 2014
t Google Fit Health Agitator Could Launch Late June
e AMC confirms 'Walking Dead' companion series
m Low-carbohydrate diet reduced inflammation
e Zac Efron Somehow Ended Up in Skid Row and Got Punched in the Face by a  ...
b Wall Street: S&P 500 trades above 2000 points for first time
e Tupac's Last Words Revealed by Cop on the Murder Scene
t Simulation Details 13.8 Billion Years of Cosmic Evolution
e Is Chelsea Handler set to leave E!'s 'Chelsea Lately'?
t Nintendo posts a loss despite a boost from Mario
e Report: Justin Bieber being investigated for Attempted Robbery
b Grocery Manufacturers Association Files Lawsuit Against VT Over GMO Labeling  ...
t Microsoft and FBI team up to take down GameOver Zeus botnet
e Harrison Ford 'breaks ankle on set'
e Alexander Wang Will Design A Collection For H&M
e Peaches Geldof's haunting message: I have the perfect life
e Scout Willis strolls around New York City topless to protest against Instagram  ...
t Hacker's High-Profile Conviction Overturned
t Samsung Group unveils Galaxy Tab S: Slimmer than Apple iPad Air
t Microsoft's new real-time Star Trek-style Skype translator
m Plain packaging on cigarettes leads to more smoking?
e FX's 'Fargo' Debuts With 2.65M Viewers
e Nicki Minaj's VMAs Wardrobe Malfunction: What Really Happened
b McDonald's Loses Millennials To Fast-Casual Restaurants
b Summary of recent West Virginia newspaper editorials
e ONCE UPON A TIME Co-Stars Goodwin and Dallas Are Wed!
e 'I feel her watching over me' Tragic tale of Peaches' lost mother Paula Yates
e Ashton Kutcher takes Russian lessons
e David Letterman's departure underscores the new laws of late-night TV
e 5 Seconds of Summer tour coming to Tampa
b Why Health Care Spending Is Falling Even As The Number Of Insured  ...
e Personalized Mother's Day Gifts: 20 Great Ideas Mom Will Love
b RPT-Fitch Updates EMEA Consumer ABS Rating Criteria & Auto Residual Value  ...
t Google is developing a driverless car without pedals or a steering wheel
m Gov. Nikki Haley declares first week of May as Children's Mental Health Week
e Aereo and broadcasters spar ahead of do-or-die Supreme...
e Shailene Woodley: I Suntan My Vagina!
e TOP 10 MOVIES AT THE WEEKEND BOX OFFICE
t Facebook manipulated news feed to study emotional change: Study
e Rosie O'Donnell may return to 'The View'
m Autism may begin with fetal brain flaws, researchers find
e 'Fargo' premieres tonight starring Martin Freeman and Bob Odenkirk
e Star Wars Update: 'Leaked' Set Footage, Ford 'Doing Well,' Two New Cast  ...
e 'Moms' Night Out' in time for Mother's Day
t Facebook Outage: Service Restored After Worldwide Disruption
t Twitter rolls out new profile design that mimics Facebook
t YouTube looks set to dole out $1 billion for Twitch.tv
b Why eBay Spinning Off Paypal Makes Sense
t Windows 9 and other key unreleased Microsoft products detailed in new leak
e TV Quick Hits: 'Veep,' 'Silicon Valley' renewed; 'Salem,' 'Fargo,' 'Orphan Black  ...
e Mickey Rooney's Burial Fight Resolved; Star to Be Laid to Rest in Hollywood
b Quartz Daily Brief—Americas edition—China-Russia gas deal, Nigeria terror  ...
m New warnings over Ebola outbreak
t 3 Sources Predicting Apple's iWatch Will Outsell the iPad
t Windows XP users staring at first major threat?
b US jobless claims tumble to near seven-year low
b Amazon pays customers in e-book antitrust case [Updated]
e Keeping up with the Kardashians: Kanye needs day off (not from Kim)
t Sony PS4 VR headset specs with Morpheus
b Tyson Foods recalls chicken nugget products for possible plastic pieces
t Over 1000 European and US energy firms hit by Russian 'Energetic Bear' virus  ...
b Treasuries Drop on Biggest Price Jump in Year Amid Fed
e Eli Wallach
e West Middle School Students & Principals Take Part In Ice Bucket Challenge
t What the Surface Pro 3 says about Microsoft's hardware strategy
e Robin Thicke dedicates BET Awards performance to Paula Patton
t Britain will enjoy warmer winters with fewer 'extreme cold' days because of  ...
e Cheerleader's hunting photos spark controversy on Facebook
t Australian Ken Ham has unveiled a dinosaur fossil at the Creation Museum in  ...
e Amazon to launch subscription streaming service, Prime Music
e Phillip Grigg was critically injured in a shootout with a robbery suspect on New  ...
e Report: Gwen Stefani Replacing Christina Aguilera on The Voice for Season 7
t US mayors approve climate change initiative
e Berman Center offers benefit evening with Chad Smith
t Apple's split could pave way into Dow industrials, for whatever that's worth
t The FTC says Facebook misinterpreted a key children's privacy law. (Jonathan  ...
e Graham Nash Sees Young People As Saviors Of The Future
b Investors brace for volatile markets as Iraq situation deteriorates
t Amazon boasts 240000 apps, devs still like Kindle Fire
t Samsung will fight Apple smartphone trial verdict, lawyer says
e Nick Cannon appears in whiteface to promote 'White People Party Music' album
e Harrison Ford profile: Star Wars actor's rise from bullied teen to Hollywood hero
m Gilead Sciences Given Average Recommendation of "Buy" by Analysts  ...
e Kim Kardashian to relaunch her failed pop career... oh dear!
b Why the True Taper Test Is Still to Come – Monday Interest Rate Update (June  ...
e Oh no she didn't! Wild Miley wants concert goers to be 'drunk and on loads of pills'
e Oldman Denounces Hollywood Political Correctness, Hypocrisy
t Gas prices in Washington, Oregon at 15-month highs
b Stocks climb on better manufacturing report
b Target asks customers to leave their firearms at home
e Land ahoy in The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge out of Water trailer
e Robert Pattinson's parents kick him out of house
e '22 Jump Street' dominates 'How to Train Your Dragon 2' at the box office
e Beyonce, Jay Z announce summer stadium tour
t The Real Problem With Public Perception of Climate Change
e New 'Noah' clip reveals plan to survive the flood
e Freddie Prinze Jr. says Kiefer Sutherland 'unprofessional' on '24' set
e Game of Thrones: Another case for piracy
t Snapchat Settles With FTC Over Privacy Breach
t 8 Amazing Things Facebook Should Do with Oculus Rift
e Arnold Schwarzenegger explains Terminator: Genesis return
b Time Warner snubs Murdoch's US$80b bid
b DMV investigating potential breach in credit card processing
t Microsoft Surface Mini Case Pops Up Online, Hints At Impending Tablet Release
b Japan Firms Now More Willing to Raise Prices, Says BOJ
b Google's Q1 net profit, revenue climb
m Studies: Lab-grown organs working well
m Woman Drinking While Breastfeeding Was Arrested After 2 Beers: What  ...
e Jennifer Lopez's F-Bomb Slip Wasn't Nearly As Bad As Harry's Response
e New York City mayor sings 'I Love LA' on Jimmy Kimmel to settle Stanley Cup bet
t Apple pokes fun at Samsung in new Earth Day advertisement
e Prince George walks about during William's Father's Day polo match
b Former Romney advisor calls Tim Geithner a liar
e Jared Leto Rumored to Be in the Running to Play 'Doctor Strange'?
e The Best-Dressed List Of The Cannes Film Festival Stars Jennifer Lawrence And  ...
e Cyrus fights with Avril Lavigne for fake April Fools' Day feud
b Dollar weakens after lacklustre US economic data
t Boffins spot supertight supermassive black hole crew: Two, no THREE in a  ...
m Tooth plaque provides unique insights into our prehistoric ancestors' diet
t Bentley reveals hybrid-powered luxury car
t BlackBerry launches low-cost "Jakarta Edition" smartphone aimed exclusively at  ...
t Microsoft drops job cut bombshell: 18000 positions will be slashed as it shrinks  ...
t Don't use Internet Explorer, warns US government
e Arnold Schwarzenegger promises 'twists' in new 'Terminator'
b Forex - Australian dollar weaker despite upbeat housing, jobs surveys
b Twitter 1st-quarter results surpass expectations
e US 'top 40' DJ Casey Kasem dies at 82
e Colbert to Replace Letterman, But Who Will Replace Colbert?
b Why TheStreet Ratings Team Says Coca-Cola (KO) Stock Is a "Buy"
t Meteor Shower Camelopardalis Will Dominate the Night Sky of May 2014, Up to  ...
b European elections 2014: National Front victory in France is, like Ukip in Britain  ...
b Stock futures mixed; Hillshire Brands authorized talks with suitors; SEC  ...
t Google Glass on sale to public for today only
e Jena Irene Belts Out Her 'American Idol' Finale Songs - Watch Now!
b RAI's Q2 Results Beat Expectations
e German Tabloid Runs Photo of Kate Middleton&#146;s Bare Butt
e Justin Bieber's uncooperative deposition hearing emerges online
b AEO: American Eagle Outfitters Sinks on Disappointing Sales
t Apple to buy Beats Electronics for $3.2bn
m Redditors answer grieving dad's Photoshop request
e 'Game of Thrones' 4.3: Who Will Save Tyrion?
m Regularly taking aspirin can reduce pancreatic cancer risk
t Google To Buy Twitch In $1 Billion Deal (Rumor)
m Bullying Negative Effects stay even after 40 yrs
t Apple "Very Serious" About Mobile Payments
b Stephen Elop: Microsoft will not discontinue Nokia's Android smartphones
b Allergan Swallows Poison Pill as Valeant Plans R&D Cuts
t Microsoft Office For iPad Could Mean Death Of Surface Tablets
m States shirking Medicaid fraud reduction: report
m U.S. salmonella outbreak widens, 574 sick: health agency
b Oracle Co. Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.12 (ORCL)
e Replacement Announced for Neil Patrick Harris in Broadway's Hedwig and the  ...
t Britain to test driverless car technology in up to 3 cities next year | The Republic
t Facebook increases its focus on online videos with an acquisition
b Airline group: No timetable for airplane tracking
t Las Vegas event held to celebrate Ford Mustang's birthday
e 'Jeopardy!' Champ Unseated After 11-Game Winning Streak
e Review: James Franco OK, but Chris O'Dowd shines in 'Of Mice and Men' on  ...
m Lily Allen, Chris Martin and Ray Winstone star in celebrity-filled 'Live Aid  ...
b Ukraine Crisis Long Term, Short Term Effects: Citi's Take
e Adam Levine says he didn't get paid for role in 'Begin Again'
e I Wanna Marry Harry begins: 14 more ridiculous reality shows
m NM hospitals better at preventing infection
e Libya parliament to select new prime minister
e 'Star Wars Episode 7' Cast Update: Lupita Nyong'o To Play The Daughter Of Obi  ...
b Nokia 'Superman' to feature a 5-megapixel selfie camera and run on Windows  ...
m Lack of Gym Rats? Obesity Epidemic Linked to Lack of Exercise
b Obamacare expected to be boon to urgent care facilities
t US Net Neutrality Plan Faces Heat From Venture Capitalists
b Here's What Wall Street's Saying About the Fed's Capital Plan Reviews
t Rumor: YouTube drops $1 billion to buy Twitch.tv
e Angelina Jolie Reveals New Movie With Brad Pitt is 'Very Experimental' (VIDEO)
e MOVIE REVIEW: Son of God
e NBC announces Pharrell Williams will join coaching lineup on Season 7 of 'The  ...
t Couple craves '66 Ford Mustang and each other
e Johnny Depp to play famed gangster Whitey Bulger in 'Black Mass'
t IBM and Apple ties go way back
e 'American Idol XIII' review: Did Sam Woolf, Majesty Rose, or Alex Preston rule  ...
b US stocks rise slightly after string of down days; Intel jumps on stronger revenue  ...
b Home»News»World»Bankrupt bitcoin exchange Mt. Gox finds 200000 of its  ...
t GM recalls 1.55 million vehicles
e Channing Tatum is finding comedy much to his liking
t EBay hacked; users urged to change passwords
e CINEMA with SARAH O'CONNOR: As is often the case, the second is not as  ...
e 'Game Of Thrones' Premiere Free On Xbox Live
b US Companies Add Most Jobs Since 2012
t Why would Tesla Motors want to give away its technology?
e Delvin Choice vs Josh Kaufman – The Voice 6 Battles Round 2 – Signed  ...
m Free meals all summer for kids 18 and younger
t 7.6m more cars called back by GM
t Jet-Like Banking Abilities Of Flies Help Them Avoid Predators
e NBC signs Matt Lauer to contract extension on 'Today' show
t GM announces more recalls on top of record numbers
b Facebook says it may open sales office in China
m E-cigarettes 'don't help smokers quit'
t Report: Amazon Is Planning a Free Streaming Media Service
e The Voice: How Many Mentors Will it Take? Here's The Rankings
e Jimmy Fallon mocks Scott Brown on 'Tonight Show'
b Aircraft tracking changes mulled after MH370 mystery
t Microsoft Officially Names Stephen Elop Devices EVP
t Consumers sound off on Apple/Beats alliance - Talking Tech
e Johnny Depp & Fianceé Amber Heard Are Totally #Twinning With Matching Hats  ...
b McDonald's Shareholders Endorse CEO's $9.5M Pay
b USGS study shows that injecting wastewater from fracking can trigger  ...
e 'Transformers' opens tonight
e 30 Amazing "Game Of Thrones" Tattoos To Get You Psyched For The Season 4  ...
b Nissan Earnings Outperform Estimates On High China And US Sales
e This Texas Cheerleader Likes Killing Lions and Smiling in Photos With Their  ...
b Tax returns go from post office to digital
b Job growth is healthy in June and unemployment rate falls to 6.1% in the US
e Bachelor Finale Air Date Ends Without A Proposal [VIDEO + REPORT]
b ADP Joins List of Better Job Reports
e 24 and 24: Live Another Day Head to Amazon Streaming
e Video: Beyoncé's sister attacks Jay Z
e Khloe Kardashian Spends The Night With French Montana
t YouTube Buying Video Game Streaming Service Twitch For Over $1B
e Pat Sajak: Global Warming Activists Are 'Unpatriotic Racists' - Today on BDC NOW
t OkCupid admits recommending 'bad matches' to see if users would fall in love
m Massachusetts Officials Promote Drug Take-Back Day
e Gymnast becomes first woman to finish 'American Ninja Warrior' finals course
t Space News: Earth-Size planet found in the 'habitable zone' of another star
b Morgan Stanley Sees EBITDA Margin Upside for Google
b Walmart Plans To Accept Video Game Trade-Ins
e Primetime Ratings: NBC Leads Monday Night With 'The Voice'
b N. Korean Tanker Escapes to Sea with Cargo of Libyan Rebel Oil
t Google Code Indicates 64-Bit Processing And New 'Android L' Naming Sequence
b Detroit police searching for carjacking suspect
e 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' Writer: Final Scenes Leave 'Mysteries' to Explore  ...
e See Emma Stone And Andrew Garfield Charitably Hide Their Beautiful Faces
t Lunar eclipse came through
e Figure skater Johnny Weir, husband Victor Voronov split, he tweets
t Microsoft Office Not Fully Utilized By Employees [Study]
e Seth Rogen Responds To North Korea's Threat of War Over His Upcoming Film
t Twitter Introduces 'App Install' Ads
e Miley Cyrus Endures "Wackest 4/20 Ever"
b California trade continues strong lead over U.S.
b GBP Rises To Five Year High On BoE Hawkish Comments
b Home Prices in 20 US Cities Rose 13.2% in Year to January
b IRS awards bonuses to 1100 who owe back taxes
m Women and Alzheimer's: Report outlines steep risks, challenges
t Now You Can Time Travel In Google Street View
b Ikea to Raise Minimum Wage to $10.76 An Hour For All Company Employees
e Changes in the Marvel Universe: Thor is now a woman
t Climate Contrarians Cook Up New 'Controversy'
t Governments Probe eBay After Data Breach
b US Postal Service loss swells to $1.9 billion
b Zillow buys Trulia in $3.5 billion all-stock deal
b BlackBerry posts $423M US quarterly loss 0
e Gwen Stefani Officially Joins 'The Voice'
m Marijuana Use Linked To Impaired Sleep Quality
t GM announces four new US recalls, 2.42 million cars affected
t How to stop Heartbleed happening again
t NASA announces Mars 2020 rover's scientific instruments
b NOW THIS IS MESSY Argentina could default on its debt at the end of the month
t Android holds royal position in US smartphone market
t Netflix Is Now $1 More Expensive For New Members
t GM recalls 500 new pickups, SUVs to fix air bag module
t Oculus VR responds to claims of IP theft from Zenimax
e FIRST LISTEN: Title Track to Michael Jackson's XSCAPE
e Sturgeon United Methodist celebrates Palm Sunday in spite of disappointing  ...
b Chipotle Is Raising Prices For The First Time In Three Years
m High Demand for Cancer Treatment for Refugees
e Leonardo DiCaprio To Play Steve Jobs As Danny Boyle Signs Up To Direct Biopic
b Copper Slips With Asian Stocks After China Data; Ringgit Weakens
b GM replaces communications and human resources execs
t Watch Dogs: Day One Patch on PS4 Live, Size 90 MB, "Matchmaking  ...
e Christie confident he can beat Clinton — in dance off
e Lupita Nyong'o Wears Unique Green Bedazzled Prada Dress to Met Gala 2014
m Benefits of mammograms may have been oversold, new study finds
m Walkers hit the track at North-West Relay for Life
t There's No Stopping Tesla Motors, Inc.'s Supercharger Network Now
b How Advertising Powers China's IPO Darling Alibaba
e Interview with Al Quinn on death of Mickey Rooney (Photos)
t Supermoon lights up the night sky
b China blocks global shipping alliance over competition
t Microsoft Dumps Its Original TV Division
t Japan unveils creepy new human-like robots
b Unpaid taxes scam is the largest of its kind
e Aimee Fortney's Cinco de Mayo Recipes
m Less Sleep For Little Kids Linked To More Belly Fat Later On
b Geithner on bailouts, Obama and public anger over bonuses
m 840000 Signatures To Be Filed Statewide Today To Qualify CA Patient Safety  ...
t Twitter spikes after blowing up almost all Wall Street metrics
e Movie Review
t The Newest Facebook Feature: Sharing Your Location with Friends
m Bill that would end federal interference in state medical marijuana laws heads to  ...
e Record Store Day brings back the memories of vinyl records
t 2015 Chevrolet Trax crossover comes to the US with LTE onboard
t #Web25: The 25 Ways The Internet Changed Hip-Hop
b Tax and don't spend with freebies on Tuesday
b Draghi Says ECB Still Unlikely to Engage in Quantitative Easing
m Sawyer Cremated, Ashes to Be Sent to Family - FG
e Sisaundra Lewis The Voice “Oh Sherrie” Video 4/28/14 #TheVoice
t Nintendo vows “more inclusive” future games
m E-cigarettes can help smokers to quit, new research shows
t Apple Slated to Launch Larger iPad in Early 2015: Reports
e Ariana Grande on Her Anticipated Duet With Justin Bieber: We Never Finished It
b King Digital Entertainment's IPO sees its stock drop on the first day
t More Automakers Impacted In Air Bag Recall
e Shia LaBeouf sent Cabaret DVD after arrest
t Snapchat settles with FTC over misleading users about privacy
e Paul McCartney expected to make full recovery from illness
b Market overview: Yellen addresses House Committee
t Want to Test the Cosmos? Virtual Universe Unveiled
m Male Researchers Make Lab Mice and Rats Stress-Out
t Investments in renewables must increase, warns UN
b French satellite 'radar echoes' may have found debris
m Who Will Pay The Tab For Uncompensated Care Under The Health Law?
e America Ferrara on Red Carpet Dress Prank: "It Felt Like A Crazy Weird Dream"
m Ebola: UN agency to help West Africa coordinate response to 'unprecedented  ...
b AstraZeneca turns down 'final' offer
b Asia: Tokyo at five-week low as BoJ sticks to current policy
e Hospitalized Tracy Morgan Upgraded To Fair Condition
b Volkswagen Inches Close To Toyota As Global Auto Leader
b Wednesday Papers: Banks pay out $100bn in US fines
t Viacom Settles YouTube Copyright Dispute
t US files charge against Toyota, $1.2B penalty
t Wearable Technology: What Marketers Need to Know
e Was Having Jay Z and Blue Ivy Present Beyoncé With a VMA Too Forced?
e Dave Franco is a real 'frat brat' in 'Neighbors'
e 'Mad Men' Season 7 Premiere Receives Lowest Audience Numbers in Years
e 'Duck Dynasty' Star Phil Robertson Delivers Controversial Easter Sermon  ...
e Community to return for season 6 and a feature length movie
t India rejects WHO worst air pollution report
e US Airways tweets pornographic photo in response to customer
e 4 Reasons To Be Inspired By Kacy Catanzaro
e Report: Ultimate Warrior's cause of death determined
e Blues musician and producer Johnny Winter dead at 70
t Moto E Spotted On Retailer's Website With Full Specs
t Toyota Previews Production Fuel-Cell Sedan
t Tim shifts path at Apple
e Michael Jackson's back from the dead. Again.
b Netflix To Raise Prices: Here's What You'll Get
e New Michael Jackson album 'Xscape' coming May 13
m SPECIAL REPORT: State of Marijuana
e Back As Wolverine, Hugh Jackman Nails It Again!
e Chris Brown's bodyguard on trial for assault
t DirecTV: No Policy Shift For Streaming-Only 'Ticket'
e Read all about it
e Country Musician Kevin Sharp Dies At 43
e 'Noah' starts off strong at the box office in South Korea
t With Beats, Apple buys the unobtainable: street cred
b Ron Agostini: Colin Kaepernick's mistake leaves him in vulnerable spot
e Emma Stone - Emma Stone inspired by Andrew Garfield chemistry
m French police probe Schumacher medical records theft
b Crude Oil Lower As Supply Concerns Ease, Inventories Data Eyed
m Ebola Liberia Outbreak Adds To Death Toll; 78 Dead in Guinea
e Harris sentenced to five years and nine months in prison
e Spirituality Over Dogma Uplifts 'Heaven Is for Real'
b RBA birds of a feather sticking together
b Jefferies Group Increases Google Price Target to $700.00 (GOOGL)
t Flappy Bird will fly on to App Store again featuring new addiction warning
b Profit shrinks as Wal-Mart Canada grows
t Google Glass one day sale
t Wankel T. rex gets new home in Smithsonian dinosaur hall
e Mickey Rooney, Legendary Actor, Dead at 93
e David Letterman on Ferguson: 'His Show Was Unlike Any Other'
t In Nadella's 'post-post-PC era,' apps trump devices, and information finds you
t Nest's Learning Thermostat lands in the UK for £179
b 'People Are Very Nervous': Oil Hits Nine-Month High on Iraq Fears
e Actress Amy Adams Gives Up First Class Seat To American Soldier On Recent  ...
t General Motors issues Saturn Aura recall
t T-rex skeleton to go on display in DC museum
e Jay-Z & Beyonce Release Mini-Movie Trailer for 'On The Run' Tour: Lineup  ...
b Applications for U.S. jobless benefits dip
e 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' pulls in $111 million over Memorial Day weekend
e US Airways tweets obscene picture in reply to passenger's complaint
e New 'Star Wars' film set 30 years after 'Jedi'
b White House, Tom Steyer to meet on climate
t AT&T: FCC Aggregation Limits Could Drive Telco from Auction
e World's most expensive stamp sets new record at auction - again
m Fredericksburg first-grader fighting for his life
b Markets lackluster on US Independence Day
b EU leaders call on Russia to cooperate with Ukraine
e Chris Evans drops minor Avengers: Age of Ultron spoiler?
e Dancing With the Stars Season 18, Week 4 Recap: The Great Partner Switch-Up!
e Networks Hype George Clooney Engagement, Ignore Burning Aborted Babies  ...
t Google joins Samsung in the fight against Apple
e Good Friday observed in Kerala churches
t Five reasons why the HTC One M8 is better than the Samsung Galaxy S5 (by HTC)
b Mt Gox finds 200000 "forgotten" bitcoins
b Update: Millions of gallons of water wasted during water main break
m Prevalence of Autism Spectrum Disorder Rises, New CDC Data Report Finds
b Economic mischief-making
e Mt. Lebanon's Joe Manganiello acts alongside Arnold Schwarzenegger in  ...
b EU ready to continue trilateral talks on settling Russian-Ukrainian gas dispute
b Russia and China Sign USD 400 Bn Gas Deal
b Twitter Names Goldman Executive Anthony Noto To Succeed Mike Gupta As CFO
e James Franco Calls the Lindsay Lohan "Sex List" a Lie
e Rock band AC/DC split rumoured
t How Google Glass Is Changing Health Care
t Obamacare Website Vulnerable to Heartbleed Security Flaw
b Check out the Navy's crazy electromagnetic railgun that's set to be deployed in  ...
b Personal Finance: How to withdraw from your 401(k)
e The Walking Dead: A, Season Finale Review
t Microsoft Unveils Real-Time Universal Translator for Skype
t Apple acquires 24 companies in 18 months; Targeting Irish tax-linked Beats  ...
b Bill Clinton told Geithner murdering Goldman Sachs' CEO wouldn't satisfy 'blood  ...
e Four Big Questions About Josh Elliott's Departure From GMA
t Google Doodle marks first day of spring
b Kroger Eyes Bigger Online Biz In $280M Vitacost Pickup
b European stocks open higher
t Google shows off watches, cars and TVs using Android software
e 3 people arrested outside Taylor Swift's Rhode Island home after scuffle with  ...
t Motorola Moto E Teaser Leaks Online
m Antiviral drug stockpile of no use, billions of dollars wasted
m Eczema may reduce risk of skin cancer: Condition means sufferers are more  ...
e Kardashian Siblings Slammed by Critics for Texting at MTV Video Music Awards  ...
e Speed to blame for Walker's death
e Topless again! Kim Kardashian wears nothing but sheer black tights to wish  ...
e Teen fatally shot at Detroit's Cinco de Mayo parade
e Angelina Jolie Opens Up About Her Bizarre Past, Still Doesn't Explain Making  ...
e Brad Pitt punch at Maleficent premiere leads to Vitalii Sediuk arrest
b Following 'True Detective' Crash, Time Warner Cites Focus on HBO Go Tech
e Oh no! Back-to-school sales already starting
e Rolf Harris guilty of sex attacks
b General Motors Excluded Crash Deaths from Ignition Inquiry
m AAN Issues Findings on Use of Medical Marijuana in Treatment of Certain Brain  ...
t Facebook Seeks to Deliver Web Access Via Drones, Satellites
t Android SDK For Wearables Coming In 2 Weeks, Says Google
e Drake Disses Macklemore At The ESPYS, Mocks His Music And Grammy Win
e WonderCon: 'Godzilla' Director on 'Quiet' Marketing Effort for Monster Movie
t Android Wear's first smartwatches are like phones on your wrist
e Katniss Returns: Jennifer Lawrence Commanding in Mockingjay TrailerCulture
b King Digital shares jump after upgrade
e Kim Kardashian Rides and Smooches with Dolphins
t Google Exec: Android Silver Won't Kill Nexus Line of Mobile Devices
e Horsepower
t Oldest known Neanderthal faeces shows cavemen ate vegetables
e Local 2 speaks with Phil Collins about Alamo donation
t Iran brands Facebook boss Zuckerberg an 'American Zionist', bans WhatsApp
t Tesla Prepares Site Near Reno For Possible Giga-Factory Location; Decision  ...
b Floridians' economic confidence drops in May, survey finds
b Daimler unveils new driverless truck in Germany
t Fans Help Put the Ford Mustang in the Guinness Record Book
t Home » Featured » NASA Unveils 'Global Selfie,' An Image Of Earth Made From  ...
e Michael Bay Fires Back at 'Transformers 4' Haters: 5 Directors Who Called Out  ...
e Home > Tom Hanks > Tom Hanks And Steven Spielberg To Reunite?
b Airbnb Takes On Business Travel With Concur Partnership
m 9-Year-Old Girl Dies From Brain-Eating Amoeba in Water
b Greece ends four-year exile from international markets
b PHH Mortgage, Citibank Mortgage Rate Deals Wednesday Mar 19
b Who's paying price at HP: Deleted workers
e 'Dust Bucket Challenge' launched to show Israeli destruction in Gaza
e Stamp Owned by Killer Sets 4th World Record
t Earth-sized Potentially Habitable Planet Discovered
t Google Inc (GOOG) To Encrypt Every Gmail Message To Thwart Snooping
b Tesla (TSLA) Investors Should Keep an Eye on Mobileye (MBLY) as Driverless  ...
b Ohio To Allow Tesla Sales To Continue
b MARKET SNAPSHOT: US Stocks Rise; S&P 500 Hits 1900
m She's lovin' it! The shocking moment a crazed topless woman DESTROYS a  ...
e National September 11 Memorial Museum opens
m 'Teens choosing health': Smoking hits a landmark low
t Google Chromecast UK Release Date tipped for March 19th
t Why Tesla Motors Inc Is Driving Over The Bears
t Facebook takes heat for secret study; Sheryl Sandberg apologizes
e Demi Lovato - Demi Lovato Turns Magazine Editor To Give Advice To Young Fans
e Stage, screen actress Ruby Dee dies at 91: family
e 9-11 Memorial Museum brings sense of relief to Omaha woman
e North West's 1st Birthday Diamond Earrings Cost How Much?! This Estimation  ...
b NEWS ANALYSIS: Pfizer research jobs in jeopardy amid promise of merger
e Security guard injured at music festival
e Netflix moves in on HBO's turf, gets its first cable TV box deal
t Mozilla offers FCC a net neutrality plan—with a twist
b Samsung Elec Q1 guidance slightly below forecasts
b Google Top Company for Pay and Benefits
t Why Daimler and Nissan Are Going to Mexico
b Gauge of US economy up for 3rd straight month; higher costs impact businesses  ...
t Recovery crews positioned to retrieve Falcon 9 first stage
b BNP pleads guilty, to pay $9 billion in US sanctions case
t Want a cheap iMac? TOO BAD. But you can have a slow one for $1099
b SolarCity Copies Musk's 'Gigafactory' Manufacturing Model
b Will Rupert Murdoch's Time Warner offer be approved?
t Tech giants slam FCC plan for Internet 'fast lanes'
b Amazon Appstore Coming to BlackBerry This Fall
t 2015 Cadillac ATS Gets Powermat Wireless Charging for Smartphones
e Frankie Knuckles, Chicago House Pioneer, Has Died
e Watch: Denzel Washington Goes Vigilante in 'The Equalizer' Trailer
t Google buys US drone startup Titan Aerospace
b GoPro Camera Debuts on Wall Street With IPO
b Q&A: The New IRS Rules on Bitcoin
b Ackman's Pershing Square Highlights Two Additional Herbalife (HLF) Distributors
b As Chaos Spreads, Crude Oil Market Risks Are Rising
m Bristol-Myers Squibb and Incyte agree immunotherapy alliance
e Meryl Davis and Maksim Chmerkovskiy Sex Life Exposed on Wendy Williams  ...
b Developed economies' comeback threatened by slowdown in emerging ones
b Is Pinnacle Foods a Tasty Target or Will it be Left Out in the Cold?
e Chris Brown's Assault Trial Delayed Again! It's Gonna Be A Long Time Before  ...
e Prince George Photos: Baby Cambridge From Birth To His First Steps
e WATCH: Justin Bieber Drops F-Bomb on Court Reporter in Deposition Video
e Drew Barrymore's sister has been found dead in her car
t Palmer Luckey promises Facebook buying Oculus Rift is for the best in the long  ...
e Tupac Shakur's Broadway run ending due to 'financial burdens'
e 'That's a man right there!' The Bachelorette star Andi Dorman swoons over bad  ...
e True Detective leads TV critic award nominations
m Dallas Spraying Tuesday and Wednesday for an Abundance of Mosquitoes
b Pimco Total Return Fund has 14th month of outflows
b Best Buy Anticipates Continued Sales Declines -- 2nd Update
b European Stocks Stumble On Weak Economic Data
b American Apparel: What Did The Directors Know - And When Did They Know It?
m How Oscar Pistorius' psych report could impact murder trial
e The Full House Reunion Rumors: Separating Fact From Fiction
b GM recommends light key rings after recall
e 'True Detective' Season 2 Cast Rumors: Jessica Chastain As a Possible Female  ...
e National 9/11 Flag unfurled at WTC site
b Planned P3 Shipping Alliance Abandoned -- 5th Update
t 145 million eBay users at risk from breach...
e Star Wars Episode VII: Harrison Ford injured, but what does this mean for the  ...
b Median Age In Dakotas Drops Thanks To Oil Boom
t Comcast apologizes after 'belligerent' call hits web
t Lenovo Flips Into the Chromebook Action
e Blue Ivy dances to mommy Beyonce's 2014 MTV VMA performance; Jay-Z looks  ...
t OkCupid interrupts Firefox users because of Mozilla CEO's stance on equal  ...
t Alleged Xbox One For China Promo Materials Leaked, Priced Revealed
t FCC Chairman Says That Reports on the 'Death of Net Neutrality' are 'Flat Out  ...
b Flipkart buys Myntra
e Christina Ricci in the family way
t EU's Almunia sees Google antitrust decision after summer break
e Tori Spelling Hurt Over Weight Loss Reports
e A timeless message... Jesus died for our sins
e The Amazing Spider-Man 2 review: Who am I?
e Miley Cyrus' House Robbed Again, Maserati and Jewelry Stolen
e Cathy Whims, Naomi Pomeroy, Clyde Common, Andy Ricker: Finalists for 2014  ...
t The abominable truth: Hair DNA hints Bigfoot is just an angry bear
b Canadian social security numbers stolen using heartbleed bug
t Nintendo reveals NFC Nintendo Figurine Platform for Wii U and 3DS
m Lawmakers consider regulations on e-cigs
e Amazon Prime Music Has Been Officially Launched
m Public smoking bans reduced child hospital visits for asthma
t Zenimax and Id Software have filed a lawsuit against Oculus VR, and Dallas  ...
e Thousands bid farewell to Garcia Marquez in Mexico
e Kim Kardashian could be wearing Valentino on wedding day
t Apple launches new green energy ad campaign, still finds time to aim a jab at  ...
t Sorry guys, this isn't the iPhone 6 — China Telecom leak is a concept design
b REPEAT: UK February Inflation Lowest Since 2009
t Heartbleed bug affects 2/3 of the internet
b Target apologizes after glitch causes delays
m Achoo! These cities are the worst for spring allergies
b Tokyo court extends Mt Gox bankruptcy investigation
e Monday Morning Quarterback
t Facebook Launches Special News Initiative, Newswire
e Baseball fans descend on Iowa to remember 'Field of Dreams'
t UN climate talks moving at glacial pace
b JPMorgan Chase Misses Estimates As Revenue And Profit Drop
t Chevy at the 2014 New York Auto Show
t Market Update: Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) – How Apple Will Use the iPhone to  ...
b GE deal 'victory' for role of the French state in economy
e Source Close to Mariah Carey & Nick Cannon Weighs In On Their Marital Issues
b Qualcomm Could Face SEC Suit Over China Bribes
b GoPro Touts Media Ahead of IPO for Higher Value Than Cameras
t Friday, the 13th and a full moon: A powerful combination
e Game of Thrones: 7 Things We Want From the Telltale Game
e 'Mighty Morphin Power Rangers' Reboot Movie on the Way
e Jennifer Lopez wears sexy red strapless dress as she films American Idol live  ...
e Fox Developing 'Mrs. Doubtfire' Sequel with Robin Williams
t iCloud Not Affected In Australian iPad And iPhone Hack
e Jared Leto: Marvel's Choice for Doctor Strange. Is He Yours?
m Officials Confirm 5 More Mumps Cases at OSU
e Supreme Court Weighs Whether Aereo Is Simply Circumventing Copyright Law
t Specs Fight: Samsung Galaxy S5 vs HTC One M8 vs Sony Xperia Z2 vs LG G3  ...
m Pistorius due back in court
e President Barack Obama attends 'A Raisin in the Sun'
e True Detective creator Nic Pizzolatto reveals first details of season 2
e Recording artist Zendaya to portray R&B star Aaliyah in Lifetime biopic set to air  ...
t Thanks to Tom Wheeler, the end of the open Internet is nigh
b BREAKING: Inflation Falls to Four Year Low
b Plans for Memorial Day? Expect more traffic, higher prices
t Nokia, Microsoft close US$7.5 billion cellphone deal
e Gwyneth Paltrow and the Mommy Wars: Here We Go Again
e 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' revives mutants' fighting spirit
b Target names CIO, will switch to chip and PIN cards
e “Palo Alto”: Gia Coppola's haunting suburban dream
e George Clooney Is Right About the Daily Mail
e Rick Ross arrested after Greensboro concert
e You Can Buy 50 Cent's New Album With Bitcoin
e Transformers Producer Says No G.I. Joe Crossover Is Planned... Yet
e Damn Dirty Time Jumps: Catch Up on Everything That's Happened in the World  ...
t House panel demands recall data from GM, NHTSA
b Medicare, Social Security living on borrowed time
e Kim Kardashian Gets Cartoon Makeover For New Animated Game -- SEE  ...
e G-Unit Performs 'Watch Me' On The Series Finale of 'Chelsea Lately'
m Report: Tainted air kills more than AIDS, diabetes
b Justice Department prepares to sue Citigroup
m UPDATE 1-US FDA approves 'Star Wars' robotic arm for amputees
e Will Smith And Jada Pinkett-Smith Under CPS Investigation After Willow Smith  ...
t Fossil Of 4-Eyed Daddy Longleg Arachnid Provides Detailed Look At Ancient  ...
b Capital Journal Daybreak: The Iraq Enigma | Congress Has Little to Show for  ...
b APP confirms Standard General deal; Charney, others leaving board (APP)
e Hamill: Would they have partied if their relatives were among the dead? The 9  ...
t Hackers hijack Find My iPhone to hold iOS and Mac users to ransom
b Genentech to Buy Seragon Pharmaceuticals for up to $1.725 Billion
e First Official Images Released From 'Jurassic World'
e Actress Jodie Foster Marries Girlfriend Alexandra Hedison
t HTC BlinkFeed coming to other Android devices soon
e 'The Voice' USA 2014 Battle Round 2: Who Will Impress Coaches? Where to  ...
e Prince is about to (purple) rain down some new music.
m CDC director explains what he hates about electronic cigarettes
e Watch Majesty Rose Sing “Wake Me Up” in American Idol 2014 Top 10 — March  ...
e 'Noah' Rains Down on 'Divergent', 'Muppets' to Win US Box Office
b US patent office cancels Redskins trademarks
m Meat Co. Recalls 4K Pounds Of Beef Over Mad Cow Scare
b Amazon's Smartphone Reportedly Coming with Prime Data and being an AT&T  ...
e 'SNL' Recap: Pharrell's Hat Returns, Anna Kendrick Spoofs 'Little Mermaid'
m Saudi MERS death toll passes 100 mark
e Report: First Daughter Malia Obama Worked On Halle Berry's New Show 'Extant'
t Metallicious 4.7-inch Samsung Galaxy F to Arrive in August against iPhone 6
e Disney Confirms Incredibles 2
t Ford celebrates 50 years with limited edition Mustang
b The Most Hated US Airline Is Also the Most Profitable
t More alarming news on climate
e Photo of Willow Smith Reclining in Bed with Shirtless Actor Raises Eyebrows
t Xbox One US Sales Double in June With Release of Kinect-less Console
t NASA's 'Flying Saucer' Test a Success—Sort of
b Hewlett-Packard to settle suits over Autonomy acquisition: report
e Final trailer for Game Of Thrones Season 4: watch now
b ECB to reveal bad loan hurdles for euro zone bank test - sources
b Missing Malaysian aircraft latest: Thailand shares radar data on plane that might  ...
b Fresh MH370 data leads to multiple debris sightings
t Microsoft to challenge US court on overseas data
b Chiquita Merges With Fyffes To Form World's Top Banana Firm
m Rising Obesity Reason: Poor People Can Finally Afford To Be Fat
b Brent drops below $114 as worries ease over Iraq supply
b Pump prices expected to go up by P1.50 this week
b Etihad Airways to offer suites in first class
t Creationist Group Disputes New Evidence in Big Bang Theory
e Morrissey Cancels The Rest Of His US Tour Due To Illness
e Columbus Short Finally Opens Up About His Personal Issues
b Playing Catch-Up
e HBO confirms it's bringing back The Comeback
e A Game of Thrones movie might be on the way
e Olivia Wilde, Jason Sudeikis welcome baby boy named Otis Alexander
b Europe shares halt rally; Lafarge, Holcim surge on merger
b One Year After the Bangladesh Factory Collapse, I Stood in the Ruins
t Samsung Galaxy K Zoom Review: 10X The Zoom, But How Many Times The  ...
e 'Brady Bunch' actress Ann B. Davis, who played Alice, dies in Texas
b Jack Ma's wealth rises to £7 billion as Alibaba plans IPO
e Iggy Azalea Has No. 1 & 2 Spot On Billboard Hot 100 Chart
e Chris Brown's mum 'cried as he was sent to jail' for another month until probation  ...
m Minnesota bans antibacterial chemical
t iTunes Festival channel added to Apple TV ready for SXSW
e VIDEO: Danielle Fishel and Ben Savage Dish on 'Girl Meets World' and Their Off  ...
t Breaking Bad 4K Streaming On Netflix Starts This June
e Photo courtesy Peter Mountain/Alcon Entertainment
e Jennifer Esposito Slams Ex Bradley Cooper in New Memoir, Calls Him 'Arrogant  ...
t Something to smile about: 250 more emojis to be released
t Facebook to buy virtual reality headset company Oculus in $2 billion deal
e David Duchovny on Californication end: 'I wanted Hank to die'
m 'Butter may be no worse for your heart than using 'healthy' low-fat alternative'
e 'Godzilla's' Gareth Edwards to direct untitled 'Star Wars' spinoff
b Missing Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370: Thai Military Radar Picked up Unknown  ...
e 'Rio 2:' a return to the ordinary
e Rep. John Lewis Shows Off Some Moves to Pharrell Williams' 'Happy'
e Nirvana, Kiss, E Street Band Enter Rock Hall
t Microsoft Partners: Surface 3 Is Impressive, But Too Expensive As Laptop  ...
m Marijuana study for vets with PTSD OK'd
b Oracle Sails Past IBM To Become World's Second Largest Software Vendor  ...
b Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370: Malaysian Radar Was Wrong, Plane Flew  ...
t Latest Xbox One price cut sees console cost just £349, same as PS4
b Fashion to be largest category for next few years: Flipkart
e Total Divas Clip with Cameron & Ray J, Marshall Cause of Death, More
b US opposed to South Stream because of interest in supplying gas to Europe  ...
m Maternal death in the US rises, 18.5 per 100000 in 2013: Report
b The Book Reader: 'Flash Boys: A Wall Street Revolt'
t Ubisoft Announces Assassin's Creed Unity
t YouTube Reportedly Buying Videogame-Streaming Service Twitch
e Life's a beach! Johnny Depp's girl Amber Heard gets romantic red roses for her  ...
b Jimmy Haslam's Company to Pay $92 Million Fine After Deal with US Government
b Wall Street edges up after jobless claims; BlackBerry, American Apparel rise
m Young blood can undo signs of ageing
b FXPRIMUS Market Brief of the Week: Key Points on FOMC Meeting This Week  ...
t GM Recalls 7.3M Vehicles for Ignition Switch Problems
b China home price inflation cools to eight-month low in March
b Patent win helps Shire as AbbVie plots next move
e Video: New Haven man with ALS takes ice bucket challenge
e Dancing With the Stars 2014 RECAP 4/7/14: Season 18 Episode 4
e The things they say:
e Daredevil tests world's tallest & fastest water slide
t Diane von Furstenberg designs Google Glass
e Zara apologises over 'Holocaust' children's pyjamas
t Toyota Reaches Settlement Over Unintended Acceleration
b Bitcoin Cash Machine Appears in London's Tech City
t Apple and IBM announce global enterprise mobility partnership
t SoftBank Seeks More Discussion on US Competition
e Literary giant Gabriel Marquez dead at 87
e Iggy Azalea Gets Fancy in a Sexy LBD at the 2014 ESPY Awards (PHOTOS)
t Tech: Amazon Sponsored Links Seen as…
e Superhero showdown: Who will emerge victorious when Captain America 3  ...
m Oak Lawn Woman is Cook County's First Case of West Nile
e Duck Dynasty Star: Media Didn't Even Know I Was Quoting the Bible
b Brent holds above $110 as US data boosts growth hopes
t Wood stork status change raises concerns in Southwest Florida
m Ebola deaths in West Africa rise to 467
b Toyota posts record annual profit of US$17.9bil
b Fiat Chrysler: Can boost output to 6 million cars a year
e Anti-gay hosts comment on being canned
b Missouri Could Ban Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA)'s Direct Vehicle Sale
b Symantec fires CEO Steve Bennett: To lose 1 chief is unfortunate, to lose 2 is OK  ...
e Netflix Cracks US Cable Market Signing Small Providers
e Johnny Depp, Fiancee Amber Heard Enjoy Intimate Engagement Party: Get the  ...
t New York Weekly Gas Price Update and Outlook
m FDA Approves Edwards' New Heart Valve
b China service sector improves in May
m Possible tampering prompts recall of diet drug Alli
t Why Facebook (FB) Stock Is Up Today
b Google Same-Day Delivery Comes to New York and Los Angeles
m Missionary groups order non-essential personnel to leave Liberia over fears of  ...
m Protein-rich diet may lower stroke risk
b No, The White House Did Not Just End The Crude Oil Export Ban
t The MT6795 is currently set to be the first 64-bit, LTE, True Octa-core SoC  ...
m WHO to give polio-free certification to India today
b 3 Last-Minute Tips for Tax Filers
t Red Hat Linux Business Should Drive Q1 Earnings
b Report: About 11 percent of Forsyth housing units 'seriously underwater'
e Stars and Warhorses: James Franco and Denzel Washington on Broadway
b Best Buy Co Inc (NYSE:BBY)'s Renew Blue Strategy
t Bizarre methane leakage from ocean floor between N. Carolina, Massachusetts
e Angelina Jolie Recevies 'Damehood' from Queen Elizabeth II, But Won't Be  ...
b 16000 HP staff to get pink slip in rejig drive
e Cowabunga! The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles First Official Trailer Raises  ...
e Bobby Womack, singer with brave 2nd act, dies
e Shia LaBeouf Reportedly Checks Into Rehab Facility After Arrest
e 'Game Of Thrones' Director Alex Graves On Final Wedding Scene
b ECB keeps rates on hold despite waning economy
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Firmware Becomes Available for Download
t University offers mobile app for safety
b Bulgaria says can ensure gas supplies for 4 months
b UPDATE 2-GE profit rises 13 pct, expects retail finance IPO end-July
e VENICE WATCH: Fest supports imprisoned filmmakers
t Apple's Just Released iOS 7.1 Supports Two New iPad Models
m Province tightens immunization requirements for next school year
b RLPC-Valeant nets $15.5 bln debt financing for Allergan buy
b Stock futures advancing; ousted American Apparel CEO amassing stock; Twitter  ...
e How Pippa Middleton passed the time on cross-country bike race
b European Shares Seen Subdued
e Angelina Jolie tells the untold story of the Disney villainess
b As deadline nears, health care law still has uncertain future
e Woman spends thousands to look like Kim Kardashian
t Super-heavy element 117 confirmed. Here's how scientists made it.
e Jenny McCarthy engaged to beau Donnie Wahlberg
t Android Wear smart watches go on sale with LG & Samsung launching devices
t GM CEO Mary Barra leads effort to address ignition switch recall concerns
b Citigroup Inc (C) Didn't Expect To Pay As Much As $7Bn in Settlement: Andrew  ...
b Ukraine Crisis: Russia Won't Cut Off Gas to EU
e Church Calendar 04-18
b Old VIX Record Low Illustrates Push for Income: Chart of the Day
t Microsoft Corporation Xbox to Be Pre-ordered via Tencent, JD.com In China
e Changes Coming to "The View"
e Dozens Of Avicii Fans Get Too Fucked Up In Boston
b OECD warns on UK house prices
b Why Amazon's smartphone is a Mis-Fire
e VIDEO: Rob Kardashian skips Kimye wedding, erases Twitter
b Twitter expected to see strong Asia growth despite China ban
e Help This Brilliant Goofball Kickstart a Potato Salad
e Juan Pablo and Nikki Ferrell Have First "Real" Date Since Bachelor Finale (PIC)
m Genetic similarity draws us together
t Moto X+1 to launch on September 4th, event of IFA tradeshow in Berlin
t Heartbleed: Computer Safety
t BY THE NUMBERS: General Motors recalls for faulty ignition switches
t First Photos Of Amazon's Alleged 3-D Phone Leaked
t Nokia launches Android Nokia X2 with twice the punch, but inches only 0.3-inch  ...
e Twin Peaks: The Entire Mystery Is Coming To Blu-Ray With Damn Fine New Extras
t California court temporarily blocks sales of Typo keyboard on BlackBerry's request
e Chris Colfer tweets that he was 'let go' from 'Glee'
m FDA: Organic mangoes recalled, possibly tainted with Listeria
b Caterpillar dodged taxes of $US2.4b, inquiry finds
e YIKES: Rob Kardashian Didn't go to KimYe's Wedding, Deletes all His Tweets
t Apple updates MacBook Air with new Core i5 CPU
b Verizon Inks 10MW Deal With SunPower For Solar Sites In Five States
e #Love: Pride
e Floyd Mayweather Showing Love to Shantel Jackson, Nelly?
e Cornelius Gurlitt, reclusive German who hoarded Nazi-looted art, has died
b Groupon Forecast Lags Estimates Amid Bumpy Retail Transition
e Kate Winslet Receives Star on Walk of Fame
b Alibaba's revenue growth surges in latest quarter
e Walking Dead: Terminus deleted scene proof of cannibals?
b Stocks Holding On To Notable Gains After Early Upward Move - US Commentary
m Oscar trial - key points from day 35
t BlackBerry Messenger Beta for Windows Phone Opened to the Public
b Now no one is thinking anything other than the pilots of that missing plane made  ...
e Miley Cyrus discusses her hospitalization
t Barclays Capital says GM could continue vehicle-recall announcements into mid  ...
t Google IO 2014: Google's Moto 360 Android smartwatch iGraphic
t NHTSA investigating 1.2M Chrysler vehicles for ignition failures
t Samsung's extra-rugged Galaxy S5 variant gets caught on video
t This Time Next Year We'll Meet Mysterious Pluto
e Maxim's 2014 Hot 100 List Is Here And Candice Swanepoel Is At The Top
b JPMorgan Chase (JPM) to Invest $100M in Detroit; 'We Believe in Detroit's  ...
e Scout Willis Goes Topless in New York to Protest Instagram's Nudity Policy
m Mumps: what you need to know
e 'Neighbors' knocks Spider-Man from top of box office; 'Godzilla' opens Friday
e Sue Townsend, author of Adrian Mole books, dies aged 68
e Ohio Man Raises $40000 (and Counting) in Viral Kickstarter Campaign
t Voyager Map Details Neptune's Strange Moon Triton
b Banks Await Stress-Test Results
e Pippa talks about her bridesmaid dress
e Mark Wahlberg can't touch the 'Transformers' Bugatti
t Google to Launch Its Own Android TV Platform Next Year
t Google Glass available to the public for one day only
e This Should Make His Fans Real Happy: Pharrell Williams New Coach of “The  ...
b California moves to regulate rideshare upstarts
b Reynolds American (RAI) Posts Quarterly Results
t NASA's captures gigantic Coronal Mass Ejection on Sun
e 24 Full Series Now Available Streaming On Amazon Prime, 24: Live Another  ...
m Studies%3A+Lab-grown+nostrils%2C+vaginas+working+well
b Yellen says Fed considering tougher rules for big banks
b Gov. Hickenlooper scales back marijuana tax prediction
t Ebay facing European and US investigations after data breach
b MARKET COMMENT: US Stocks Seen Higher Ahead Of Yellen, US Data
b Hong Kong: Protestors Physically Booted from Demonstration
t US: Microsoft challenges request for data stored overseas
m Four cases of Ebola reported in Guinea's capital
e 'Godzilla' director Gareth Edwards to direct 'Star Wars' stand-alone film
t Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 or Nexus 7 - Specs and Price Comparison
b PF Chang's confirms theft of thousands of customers' credit and debit card data
t Ford upgrading an Ohio engine plant to make new 2.7-liter six-cylinder EcoBoost  ...
t Amazon Could Have Put the Hurt on Other Android Phone Makers, but Didn't
t Bloomberg: 12.9'' iPad coming in 2015
b Valley's unemployment rate falls to 6 percent
t Loch Ness Monster 'sighting' debunked by professional myth buster who says  ...
m After a Father Lost His Newborn, He Asked for Someone to Photoshop His  ...
e James Cameron Discusses "True Lies 2" and "Prometheus"
e Charlie Sheen calls Rihanna 'the village idiot' in lengthy Twitter rant after singer  ...
m Judge Rules Justina Pelletier to Remain in State's Custody
t Why Did BlackBerry Dump T-Mobile?
e Gwyneth Paltrow 'wanted to keep a 'pretend marriage'
t Touch-First Versions of Microsoft Office Point at Future Focus on Digital Pens
e Garth Brooks fans lick wounds at news of cancellation
e Batman Vs Superman Wonder Woman Action May Have Already Ended,New  ...
t Many ATMs in India yet to be upgraded: Microsoft
e Christina Grimmie's Finale Makeup On 'The Voice' — Get Her Exact Look
b Gold Prices Near 3-Week High As Iraq Violence Continues
e New Gone Girl Trailer: Even More 'Ben Affleck Is Confused' Face
e Selena Gomez Has Arabic Tattoo
b Spirit Airlines To Begin Service In Kansas City
e True Blood is an unapologetic killer with “Fire In The Hole”
t AT&T launches Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 today, HTC Desire 601 next week
e Jessica Simpson Marries Former NFL Footballer Eric Johnson after Dating for 4  ...
e 'Homeland' Actor James Rebhorn Passes Away at 65
m Ebola outbreak tops 700 deaths
e Cringey-Cute Clothing Ad With Strangers Kissing Has 7 Million Views in One Day
b Utah 'high risk' oil wells among those left uninspected
t Google says first cars running Android Auto software to roll out this year
t June 23, 2014, 11:01 pm
m Do your friends feel like family? Here's why
t Google I/O 2014 keynote: Livestream and live analysis
e Beyonce Knowles' party ban for Jay-Z
b Tepid Home Sales Tamp Down Price Rise
t WIU Migrates Away From Windows XP To Avoid Security Risks
m WHO: 7 milion dead due to air pollution
b 2nd LD Writethru: U.S. economy contracts 2.9 percent in Q1
e Harris lack of remorse reflects his ego
m FDA warns parents: stop giving your baby lidocaine, benzocaine, for teething pain
t Ebay Says Lists Of Stolen Customer Data Now Appearing Online Aren't Legit
b Jet Magazine to end print edition, will be digital online
e NYPD: Drone came within 800 feet of chopper
e Mick Jagger Performs With Rolling Stones For First Time Since L'Wren Scott  ...
m Texas confirms first West Nile case of the season
t Plastic debris widespread on ocean surface: study
t 'We experiment on human beings!' OkCupid unapologetic about experiments on  ...
b Safe Haven Trades Accelerate Pushing The JPY To Rally
e Beckham posts wedding snaps to mark anniversary
e Investigations: Operation Yewtree
m Ebola virus cause of hemorrhagic fever in Guinea
b Where's the beef? Consumers shell-shocked at rising beef prices
e 'Jem and the Holograms' film gets its stars, releases first image
e Chelsea doctor Eva Carneiro takes on Ice Bucket Challenge but which Blues  ...
b CitiGroup To Pay $7B Over Mortgage Backed Securities
e Miley Cyrus fan cited for trespassing after sneaking into dressing room, police say
e Pastor bitten by rattler months after father dies from snakebite
e 'Star Trek' star Chris Pine pleads guilty to DUI
t Greenville PD to Participate in 'Click It or Ticket' Enforcement Campaign
b HTC's Q2 barely beats estimates, profit climbs to $75 million
e Macklemore Plays Dress-Up And Lands In Hot Water
b Inflation comment from the Chamber
e Hayden Panettiere pregnant - report
t 'Halo 5: Guardians' to hit Xbox One in 2015
m Big jump in MERS cases in Saudi Arabia
t PC market to see improvement
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4: Exynos Beat the Snapdragon at the AnTuTu
m Planned Parenthood is Trying to Get a Bigger Share of the Abortion Market
b DOC Decision Goes Against Solar Industry: Sunedison Inc (NYSE:SUNE  ...
e 5 Greg Kinnear films
e Andrew Rannells to replace Harris in Hedwig
e Jodie Foster Has Married Girlfriend Alexandra Hedison
e Aereo CEO speaks on future of company, challenge by broadcasters in Supreme  ...
t Rightbloggers Defend Mozilla CEO Eich -- Not For Free Speech, But Against Gays
t Google Will Stop Calling Free-to-Play Games “Free” in Europe
b Crumbs: Not dead yet
b China shadows India's jewellery manufacturing through policy reforms
t Business Wire
m Using un-prescribed ADHD medication: Deceitful and Dangerous
e Mayweather involved in dustup with rapper at Strip restaurant
t Programmer responsible for Heartbleed bug: It was an accident
e Anger = Action :: Ryan Murphy and 'Normal Heart' Cast Talk About HBO Film
m Nickel rashes blamed on iPads
b Jet hunt cut short; new satellite spots debris
t Civilization: Beyond Earth announced, ready to colonize this fall
b VERBATIM: ECB Draghi's Introductory Statement - May 8, 2014
e Why Sansa Stark Is the Strongest Character on 'Game of Thrones'
t IBM ramps up computer defence
e X-Men: Days Of Future Past After The Credits Scene Actor Will Be Replaced
e Lena Dunham deletes ill-judged tweet following her successful appearance on  ...
b US Stocks Rally
e Harrison Ford's injury suspends 'Star Wars' production for 2 weeks
e HGTV drops 'Flip It Forward' after stars' extremism protested
b Snapchat Worth $10bn Following Latest Funding Round
e The Metropolitan Museum of Art's Costume Institute benefit gala
e Cobie Smulders In Two Stunning Outfits Ahead Of The How I Met Your Mother  ...
b Supreme Court dismisses Subrata Roy's bail plea again
e Jennifer Lawrence, One Direction big winners at Kid's Choice Awards
m Michael Schumacher 'medical' documents stolen: management
t Ancient bird Archaeopteryx's feathery details revealed by fossil
m Himes recognizes national HIV testing day
m How strong is that drink? National Institutes of Health calculator will tell you
e Shia LaBeouf busted
e 'Pretty Little Liars' star Troian Bellisario addresses GQ Photoshop controversy
b Obamacare Enrollment Surges Past Its Revised Target
b Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg Now Among Billionaire CEOs Earning $1 Salary
b Oops! ISM Messes Up Its Own Manufacturing Index, Treasuries Fall Further
t Toyota's $1.2 billion fine, GM recall highlight defects in US auto safety
b New housing advocacy group launches to fight GSE reform
e Why Rob Kardashian Skipped Sister Kim's Wedding
t Tim Berners-Lee calls for Web "Magna Carta" - does the "Web we want" have  ...
e DJ Frankie Knuckles Dead At 59
b This Aviaton Near Miss Will Give You The Chills.
e Watch 'Game Of Thrones' Season 4 Episode 2 Online HBO Go: See 'The Lion  ...
t Novartis licenses Google's smart lens technology
e BET Producer Suspended For Joke About Beyoncé And Jay Z's Daughter Blue Ivy
e Kim Kardashian Suggests Khloe Kardashian Needs Sperm Donor [WATCH  ...
t OnePlus One Android phone to be invite-only at launch
e Chelsea Handler to wrap up 'Chelsea Lately' by December 2014
t Cortana Expands To Other Markets, Becomes “Xiao Na” In China
b Meet one of the real Ronald McDonalds in Taco Bell ad
e Body language expert says Jay and Bey are done
t PS4 Update 1.70 Coming Soon – Adding New Features
t Samsung Reportedly Working On New Galaxy Mega Phones
b 12 Team Names The PC Police Want Outta Here [SLIDESHOW]
t IBM - International Business Machines Corporation : AT&T, Cisco, GE, IBM and  ...
m International Aid Providers Join Hands To Stop Further Ebola Spread!
t How Many Calories in Your Cup? This One Knows
b Credit Suisse pays 2.6bn dollars fine for helping US clients avoid taxes
e 6 More Obscure HBO Shows To Start Streaming From Prime (List)
e Time to double down on the Asia rebalance
b Democracy's failure to quell inequality
e New York college to offer a course in 'The Sociology of Miley Cyrus' this summer
b Jury slaps Takeda, Lilly with massive $9B in damages in Actos cancer case
b Supreme Court cuts back climate change regulation
e ALS bucket challenge ices locals
t The end of XP support: The complete guide for stayers and switchers
e Ohioan "Jeopardy" champ Arthur Chu is defeated
e Reality TV News The Voice: 3 acts sent home in latest elimination
e Man's lucky guess on 'Wheel of Fortune' leaves Pat frisking for answers
e Patrick Swayze's widow Lisa Niemi marries jeweler fiance
b MISSING MH370: Pix Gallery Day 6
b FTC report calls for law on data brokers, points to "sensitive" categories on race  ...
t Zuckerberg paints a surprising future for Oculus VR: 'The most social platform ever'
e Johnny Winter, Blues Guitar Legend, Dies at 70
e 'Tyrant' Preview: Dark Secrets Lead to Trouble and Shifting Relationships
e It's the vinyl countdown
m Teens are ditching booze and getting high
b Taco Bell, McDonald's are throwing down on YouTube, Twitter
e Kim Kardashian Selfie Alert! Kim Steals Kylie Jenner's Itsy Bitsy Bikini
b EU expects recovery to lower unemployment faster
e US Airways apologizes for tweeting pornographic photo
b Measurement Specialties Inc.: TE Connectivity to Acquire Measurement  ...
b Siemens says standing by for talks, should Alstom-GE deal collapse
t Blood Moon arrives late Monday, could spell early end to mission
t IBM System/360 mainframe turns 50
t Amazon Has No Plans for a Free Streaming Service
b How the Dow Jones industrial average did Thursday
t iPad 6 Release Date Rumors: Apple Preparing to Produce 12.9-Inch Tablet for  ...
e Jurassic World Director Reveals Tribute For Lord Richard Attenborough
b MARKET SNAPSHOT: U.S. Stocks Edge Lower; GM Sales Jump In May
t NASA's Mars 2020 rover gets tools to search for signs of past life
e Big New X-Men Days Of Future Past Trailer Lands
e Pharell Wiliams Happy & Hat: The Voice' Adding R&B Star To Show As A Voice  ...
b EUR/USD Fundamental Analysis April 18, 2014 Forecast
b Wal-Mart Is Hungry For Some Whole Foods
b Bank of Japan Cash Seen Catching Fed on Expanded Stimulus
e 'Dancing with the Stars' season 18 preview: Is there life left in the competition?
b SunTrust Enters Definitive Agreement on Certain Legacy Mortgage Matters
e Justin Bieber's Racist Joke Video: Does He Get A Pass?
m Low Blood Sugar Could Be The Cause Of All Your Fights
t Bloomberg claims that the NSA actively exploited flaw in OpenSSL, in stunning  ...
b Electricity out as Millstone shifts to diesel
t Sony Xperia Z2 vs. Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Specs and Price Comparison in  ...
t Xbox Games Clearance – Save up to 80%
e King George Crowned Entertainer, Miranda Wins Record Fifth Consecutive  ...
t Google Driverless Car Getting Smarter About City Driving
e 'Game of Thrones' Season 4 Episode 3: George RR Martin Addresses Jaime  ...
m California lawmakers reject warning labels for sugary drinks
e X-Men Director Bryan Singer Accused Of Sexually Abusing Teen Boy
e Aaron Paul: It Would Be Amazing to Be in 'Better Call Saul'
b Brent crude reverses month-long Iraq rally
t Apple takes steps to lift sagging stock price
b February rains ease drought restrictions slightly
b EPA Adds One Hazardous Waste Site in the Southeast to ....
b Ukraine and US Economics The fiscal consequences of conflict between Russia  ...
b S&P 500 on path to new closing high; homebuilders lead
b China opposes interference in Hong Kong affairs
b Missing Malaysia Airlines plane: plea to US to release Pine Gap data
b The charges against Sean FitzPatrick
b BlackBerry Ltd (BBRY) Ends Licensing Deal with T-Mobile US Inc (TMUS)
m Heavy Metal Music Hazardous to Your Brain?
e American comedian John Pinette dies
e Hugh Jackman laments having to diet while filming 'X-Men: Days of Future Past  ...
t Facebook manipulated users emotions in secret study, report finds
m First Lady Responds to School Meal Critics
t Facebook can fuel Oculus growth
b AbbVie and Shire come to terms on a $55B union
b Yellen says economy still not ready to end stimulus
t Twitter Shares Rise on Photo News, Music Rumor
e Mick Jagger is 'torn apart' over the death of partner L'Wren Scott
e Arrow star Stephen Amell flashes abs at Comic Con
t Twitter buys data analytics partner
b Japan Eases Restrictions on Military Exports in Abe Defense Push
m Spinal cord electrical stimulation for paralysis
t The new, faster, responsive Microsoft… or is it?
t Xbox One Manages “More than Double” Sales in June, Should Sony be Worried?
e Beyoncé Shows Who's Boss In Girl Empowerment 'Ban Bossy' Campaign
e 'Mad Men': Neve Campbell on her plane ride with Don Draper
e Miley Cyrus puts on weight post 'insane' hospital stay
t Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella signals new course with MS Office for iPad
b Alibaba float could make Facebook's look like small change
b Heated debate ends with council delaying action on taxi measure
t Echoes from expansion after Big Bang discovered
b New York sues Barclays for fraud
e Ginnifer Goodwin, Josh Dallas married
e Win Power Attacker figures with Transformers: Age of Extinction
t Microsoft to sell Xbox One in China on September 23 for $600
e Yahoo announces original TV series
e Lana Del Rey Debuts 'West Coast' Video, Branded 'A True Eccentric' By Dan  ...
e Watch Louis Zamperini Talk About the Time He Met Hitler (Video)
e I was hacked! Lea Michele jokes she and Chris Colfer shouldn't use cats  ...
b Barnes & Noble to spin off Nook
e Bateman & Fey Put Fun in Dysfunction in 'This Is Where I Leave You' Trailer
e Here's the best parody of Lorde's "Royals", courtesy of "Weird Al" Yankovic
b Tyson Foods (TSN) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations  ...
b Will Fast Food Workers Around The World Strike On May 15?
m Louisville, Memphis Top Allergy Cities
e 'Maleficent' Movie Trailer: Disney Villain Reveals A Time In Her Past Where She  ...
t Another Earth? Astronomers Find Earth-Size Planet in Its Star's Habitable Zone
m MarketVIEW: HPV therapeutic vaccines
t Crew discovers burial place of "ET" -- considered worst Atari video game ever
b FTSE 100: This morning's risers and fallers
m Tennessee Makes First Arrest on Mother For Drug Use During Pregnancy
e 'Selena Is Beyond Happy': Justin Bieber Finally 'Changing Bad Boy Ways For  ...
e Say What: Were These Really The Last Words 2Pac Ever Spoke?
e With Major Stars of 'Big Bang Theory' Without Contracts, Production is Officially  ...
e The Entire List Of 2014 MTV VMA Winners [Photos]
m Testimony taken in lawsuits against two state laws requiring admitting privileges  ...
m Marital status affects risk of heart disease, survey shows
b Walmart Partners with Wild Oats in Effort to Make Organic Food Cheaper
t Review: Surface Pro 3 works as laptop, has trade-offs
m Voluntary recall issued for beef linked to possible E-coli bacteria contamination
e Watch the 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' attack in first trailer
e Gifted character actor Eli Wallach dies at 98
t Video: Google to build prototype of truly driverless car
e Austrian state TV: 180 art treasures found in German collector's Austrian house
b Louisiana sends Takeda $9-billion Actos bill
e Jessica Alba: I won't get naked
e ON THE RUN TOUR: BEYONCE AND JAY Z
t Facebook's Latest Privacy-Violating Experiment Wasn't Even Good Science
m Study: People prefer electric shocks to being alone with their thoughts
m Vampire therapy to reverse ageing
e America Ferrera's Dress Makes For A Perfect Hiding Spot
e 'Dancing with the Stars' says goodbye to Billy Dee Williams: DWTS recap
e 'Sherlock' season 4 confirmed; Christmas special coming in 2015
e Miranda Kerr and Orlando Bloom Might Still Be Friends, But We Prefer To  ...
t Toyota to pay US $1.2 billion over accelerator problems
t Homeland Security: Don't use Internet Explorer due to bug
b Nigerian Toll, China/Russia Gas Deal, French Rail Fail
e Video: chatting Disney Infinity 2.0: Guardians of the Galaxy with senior producer  ...
e Brad Pitt Talks About 'Nutter' Who Attacked Him on Red Carpet
e Kim Kardashian's Divorce Struggles: Kanye West Emotionally Unavailable  ...
t Windows XP Goes Dark; Will Hackers Be Lurking?
e 'I'm Obsessed': Kaley Cuoco-Sweeting Admits That She Worries About Online  ...
e The Amazing Spider-Man 3 – Sequel Plans
e Kristen Stewart and Robert Pattinson Showdown At Cannes 2014 Film Festival
m Oscar Pistorius Was Found Mentally Responsible By Psychiatric Experts
m Red wine offers no magic pill for health, says study
e Director Nick Stoller gets the party started in 'Neighbors'
b Kingfisher shares climb on bumper profits
e Obama Tells Ellen That Her Record-Breaking Oscar Selfie Was a 'Cheap Stunt  ...
t ATMs Vulnerable To Hackers After Windows XP Deadline
b Teen pees in reservoir; city to dump 38M gallons of water
e Jason Segel of 'Sex Tape' doesn't trust the cloud
e First Look: Robert Downey Jr Avengers 2 pic and The Hulk Voice!
e Angela Bassett directing Whitney Houston biopic for Lifetime
e New couple alert? Zac Efron, Michelle Rodriguez seen kissing
m FDA staff reject approval of Novartis heart drug
e Hey (baby) girl? Eva Mendes, Ryan Gosling reportedly expecting first child
m Diet rich in resveratrol had no benefit on death, CVD, cancer
b Chipotle plans first price hike in 3 years as beef, avacodo prices climb
t Yahoo Revenue Declines Again; Marissa Mayer Is 'Not Satisfied'
e R.I.P. Jesse Winchester, A Songwriter Admired By Bob Dylan And Many More
m First-Ever Dialysis Machine Designed for Newborns
b Nine British Citizens on board Malaysian passenger plane- 295 confirmed dead
e Melissa McCarthy Is Appropriately Furious Over Susan Sarandon's Level Of  ...
b Autopsy results released in deaths of Omaha pair
m Mental Illness Linked to Shortened Life Spans
m Health department testing for West Nile virus
b Gas prices on the rise
t Soyuz TMA-13M spaceship crew opens hatches to ISS Non-political May 29, 8:45
b Argentine stocks sink on Supreme Court decision
e Khloe Kardashian & French Montana Post Romantic Instagrams
t Stolen iPhones Held for Ransom in Australia
e Disney planning 'The Incredibles' and 'Cars' sequels
e Rio 2 Review - Exuberant vibrant fun
t Apple Updates MacBook Air
t Massachusetts gas prices drop 2 cents a gallon, AAA Southern New England says
t PNAS Issues Expression Of Concern About Facebook Experiment Study
m Brain Changes & Type 1 Diabetes Diagnosis in Kids
b 'If Griesa blocks payment to bondholders, will damage private activity'
m Dad's plea to memorialize baby girl leaves lasting impression
e Jimmy Scott, jazz great, dies aged 88
t Apple Lowers Price on MacBook Air by $100
b IBM Q1 Disappoints With Ongoing Hardware Decline
b FOREX-Dollar dips as Fed head defends easy-money policies
b US stocks fluctuate after S&P 500 record on Fed rate comments
e 'Sleepy Hollow' Season 2 will air 18 episodes 'almost' all in a row
e Latest Batman V Superman: Dawn Of Justice villain rumours
t FTC Should Probe Disney Sites For COPPA Failures: Group
e Wheel Of Fortune contestant Emil stuns host Pat Sajak by guessing puzzle
b Apple buys Dr Dre's Beats Electronics for $3 billion
e The Amazing Spider-Man 2 DVD and Blu-ray release date
b Wall Street gets lift from Yellen remarks, tech rebound
e Khloe Kardashian Celebrates 30th Birthday In Vegas With French Montana  ...
e Robin Thicke's Twitter Q&A Goes Horribly Awry, Users Call Singer Out for  ...
t Google Maps Lets You Go Back In Time With Its Digital Time Capsule
e Leonardo DiCaprio Sets Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu's 'The Revenant' as Next Pic
b Strike at Nike, Adidas China supplier halts output
e “Divergent” Dominates, Mild “Muppets Most Wanted”
t Facebook ''forcing'' messenger app users
m Arizona whooping-cough cases down; California faces epidemic
t GM Issues Another Recall This 2014 Related To Ignition Switch Problems, How  ...
m FDA Advisory Committee Unanimously Recommends Approval of Dalvance(TM  ...
m Regular Activity Helpful in Keeping Elderly Healthy and Mobile
e Katy Perry To Perform Alongside Michael Jackson's Hologram At Billboard Music  ...
e Will Katherine Heigl's Tweet Lawsuit Against Duane Reade Hold up in Court?
b Lululemon touches one-month high as Q4 net beats estimates
b No quiero Taco Bell breakfast
t Longitude Prize offers big bucks for solution to a major scientific problem  ...
e Actress Amy Adams gives first-class seat to soldier
m Spouse boosts heart well-being, researchers find
t Microsoft: Xbox One June sales doubled with $399 Kinect-free bundle release
e Beyonce and the Carters reign supreme at the VMA's
t Iranian hackers used fake Facebook accounts, news portal to spy on US, others
e 'Batman: Arkham Knight' Villain Theory: Who Is The Main Bad Guy?
t Hands On With the Moto 360
b Yen Drops After Crimea Referendum Vote, Eyes To Focus On Fed Meeting
e New X Men,Days Of Future Past Movie Got Mostly Positive Reviews From Top  ...
t Samsung's Ultra HDTVs will replace its Standard HD
e Stars boycott Beverly Hills Hotel over Brunei sharia move
t Wood storks no longer endangered; conservationists disagree
e Bradley Cooper - Bradley Cooper Frontrunner To Play Indiana Jones - Report
e 8 ways to enjoy Easter without a waistline blowout
b Google Eyes $30 Billion in Foreign Buys, and More
e Ice bucket bankers
t SpaceX Makes Its Second Attempt To Launch Dragon Spacecraft
e T.I. And Floyd Mayweather Jr. At The Center Of Huge Brawl
b Did the Obama White House Protect GM?
e New character posters for Disney's Maleficent
t Facebook set to buy Oculus VR for $2 billion
t Scientists Just Obliterated The Only Real 'Proof' Of Bigfoot
e The Best Mexican Restaurants in New Jersey for Cinco De Mayo
m Court won't reinstate New York City's big-soda ban
e New Game Of Thrones Season 4,Episode 5 Official Spoilers,Synopsis Released  ...
t Android Wear spotlight: LG G Watch Review. Here's what early users say
b Satellite images show possible objects from missing jet
t Samsung KNOX Workspace and KNOX 2.0 Worldwide Availability on Galaxy S5
b ENERGY > Washington concerned over Arbil's oil exports, says spokeswoman
e Batman's Ben Affleck Crashes Kid's Birthday Party in Detroit
e Emma Stone Bewitches Colin Firth in the Trailer for Woody Allen's Next Movie
b International markets roundup
t Apple Inc. Could Save $1 Billion By Buying Dr. Dre's Beats Music
m Officials Give Warning After Brain-Eating Parasite Death
t Microsoft to shutter production studio, end flirtation with original shows
t New Hampshire Business Newsreel
t The Catch-Up: May 21st, 2014 – Zenimax Files Suit Against Oculus
b WTI Falls for a 7th Consecutive Day, Longest Such Stretch Since December 2009
t Google coming to Samsung's aid against Apple
m Serious side effects from vaccines 'rare'
t iPhone 6 sapphire display crystal display: unbending, unbreakable
e 'Deliver Us From Evil' movie premier (VIDEO)
e Dozens arrested at Ultra Music Festival trying to get over fence
t Tim Cook Highlights Apple's Use Of Clean Energy, Sustainable Materials In New  ...
t Apple iOS 7.1 Update Patches Evasi0n 7 Jailbreak Exploits: How To Stay  ...
e UPDATE 2-Elaine Stritch, salty star of Broadway, dies at 89
t Facebook Creates Real-Time News Wire for Journalists
e Piers Morgan Tweets Out Farewells Before Final CNN Show
m Can coffee protect our eyesight?
e Ronnie Wood pays tribute to Bobby Womack
e The full statement from the judge who sentenced Rolf Harris to jail
e 'True Blood' Alexander Skarsgard & Ryan Kwanten Sex Scene, Twitter Reacts  ...
t Suzuki Forenza and Reno Recalled Because GM Of Course
b Hillshire Board Loses Appetite For $6.6B Pinnacle Takeover
e 5 Seinfeld References That Made Their Way into Politics
e The Fighter? Wale Confronts Twitter Troll At WWE Monday Night Raw (VIDEO)
t Microsoft opposes US access to Dublin data
e American Idol: The Top 11 - “Hella Sea Lions”
e Best Dressed Bumps! 8 Of Hollywood's Most Stylish Mums-To-Be
b Snapchat may get funding at S$12.5b valuation
e In Biblical Blockbuster, Aronofsky Rocks Noah's Boat
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Destroys iPhone 5S In Battery Life Tests Too
t Amazon 'to launch 3D-capable smartphone in June'
b Ky. agriculture officials receive hemp shipment - News and Weather For The  ...
e Movie review: Earth to Echo is a not-so-alien concept
b Postal workers unions protest Saples program
e Drake Bell Talks New Music at the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards
b Old MacDonald ad for Taco Bell
e Pharrell Williams and John Legend Soar On Pop Songs Chart
e ABC 57 Safety Alert: Firework safety tips
e 9/11 museum designed to evoke memories without causing fresh pain
t West Antarctic ice sheet collapse unstoppable
e The Big Bang Theory renewed for another three seasons
m Foreign doctors, nurses in Saudi Arabia could take MERS global
e 'Game of Thrones' finally goes too far
b Jet magazine to stop printing weekly, change to digital app
e Eminem & Rihanna Presale Tickets: QueenBeeTickets.com Announces Discount  ...
e Star Wars Episode 7: there is nothing authentic about this 'must-watch' fake footage
e Rolling Stones post footage from 14 On Fire European tour opener in Oslo, Norway
t How to keep your tax return safe from the Heartbleed bug
b GLOBAL MARKETS-Tech stocks sink Wall Street; US bonds rally
m Approval Of The Drug Translarna Gives Hope To Muscular Dystrophy, Cystic  ...
b S&P 500′s path to 2000 eased by Fed, hampered by politics
e Beyonce And Jay Z Try To Fight Divorce Rumors After 'Hit Piece' Published
t Tesla confirms that Reno is in the running for its massive battery factory
e 'Orange Is The New Black' Season 2 Spoilers: 8 Clues Revealed In New Trailer  ...
b Pilots get scrutiny
t Warming up to tablets with keyboard covers
b Why investors should be betting on a strong euro
e Katy Perry facing copyright infringement lawsuit
t The Reaper Finally Comes for Diablo 3′s Auction House
m Standing paraplegic patient kicks ball to open World Cup
t Apple-IBM tie-up unlikely to impact BlackBerry, Dell
t Zenimax takes Oculus to court over trade secrets, copyright infringement
t Samsung prepping virtual reality headset: Report
t Apple's Run at Auto Industry Makes Tier-1 Suppliers Nervous
b London's black cabs blockade streets to protest Uber app
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West cover Vogue Magazine (with their own hashtag)
b Mt. Gox reclaims $100 million user Bitcoins after robbery
t Mysterious Light Shooting Out from Mars Captured by NASA Curiosity Rover  ...
b Bank of England governor Mark Carney gave warning in speech last week
m US News again rates LGH among nation's best in 4 specialties
m Chikungunya cases spread to Texas
t International Blackshades Malware Takedown Coordinated by US Law  ...
e Mother of an ending, for some
e Sansa Stark and others deal with crisis in the newest 'Game of Thrones'
t Google Glass will be available to all for 24 hours
b Hidden Cash Has San Franciscans Following Clues on Twitter
b BIZ BRIEFS: Honda earnings data
t First 'Supermoon' of 2014 Shines Brightly
b Countdown to Pulaski Skyway closure begins
m Liberia: Nurses Flee Ebola - CH Rennie Hospital the Latest Hit - 441 Persons  ...
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Hands On Video Posted Online Ahead of Launch
t BlackBerry to launch cut-price handset
b Volcker CLO Delay Would Be No Fix at All, Garrett Says
e 'Mad Men' 706: Of Don Draper, Peggy Olson, And Living In The Not Knowing
b Women dive under train to escape death
e Valerie Harper isn't 'absolutely cancer-free', but has 'hope for the future'
b Netflix confirms European expansion, adds 6 countries
b Central banks adopt different policies to boost growth
b Pound Hits Nearly Six-Year High Against Dollar on Rate Hopes
t New Meteor Shower Thrills Stargazers Despite Low 'Shooting Star' Count  ...
m Klotho Gene Variant KL-VS Makes People Smarter
b 60 percent of uninsured not aware open enrollment ends next week
b IntercontinentalExchange Says NYSE Group CEO Duncan Niederauer To Retire
b Relief for California borrowers seen in $7 billion Citigroup settlement
t U.N. Court: Japan's Antarctic Whale Hunts Illegal
t UN panel: Cost of fighting global warming 'modest'
t Google to build driverless cars
e Robert Pattinson denies 'Indiana Jones' rumors
e Kim Kardashian's stunning Givenchy wedding dress
t Xbox security flaw discovered by five-year-old child
e Palcohol, Powdered Alcohol, Approved By US Prompting Hasty Re-Marketing  ...
b Belinda Merhab May 6, 2014, 12:48 pm
e Franco and Rogen Made Their Own Vogue Cover
e Review: 'Draft Day' fumbles but recovers
e Miley's 'wardrobe disaster'
e Justin Bieber: Why He Won't Attend Selena Gomez's 22nd Birthday Party
t 2015 Ram ProMaster City Unveiled at Chrysler Proving Grounds
e Some of Mick Jagger's past wives and girlfriends
b UK Market Drops
m FDA links pet jerky to death of 1000 dogs
b Chinese satellite captures image of large object in Indian Ocean
e 'Game of Thrones' Season 4 Episode 2 Cast Jack Gleeson Talks King Joffrey  ...
b Greece raises 3 billion euro through the sale of five-year bond as investors take  ...
t Toyota to settle federal probe for $1 billion
e Khloe Kardashian Celebrates 30th Birthday With French Montana In Airport After  ...
b US pending home sales fly past forecasts
b Earnings preview: Chevron's production, spending in focus
e New 'Harry Potter' Movies: Warner Bros Officially Making Three New 'Harry  ...
e Who is the man found behind Picasso's art?
b A$ slides against dollar, eyes on ECB speakers
e Dolly Parton draws biggest crowd at UK's Glastonbury
e 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' 2014 Movie Trailer Released – Meet the New  ...
e Breaking Nudes! Hollywood Moms Kristen Bell and Jenna Dewan Tatum Bare  ...
t 2 more General Motors recalls push company's total to 4.8 million in past month  ...
e Stars Boycott Sultan Hotel Over Brunei's Shariah Law
e 'Bears' Director Explains How Exactly They Got All Those Impressive Shots
e New Couple? Khloe Kardashian Parties with French Montana
t Netflix CEO Hastings 'philosophically' opposed to Comcast deal
m Ground Beef Recall: 2M Pounds of Meat Dumped After E. Coli Reports
t No Activity Detected: Nike to Abandon Wearable Hardware
e 'Cesar Chavez': Michael Pena plays an important leader with quiet power
t F.C.C. pulls back on Net Neutrality proposal with revision
t Mysterious deepwater fish found along NC coast
b London's black-cab drivers confront Hailo app as tensions rise over taxi licence bid
t Netflix prices are rising today. But existing subscribers will get a 2-year reprieve.
t Google trains its firepower on Apple
b Oracle to buy Micros Systems for $5.3 billion to add hotel software
m Steady health care sign-ups may miss goal of 6M
e Peaches Geldof laid to rest
t Earthrise: Amazing photo of the Earth rising above the craters of the moon
e Movie review 'Rio 2': A musical on wings
b ECB Clarified On TLTRO, Loose Conditions Should Raise Sentiment
t Snapchat Settles with FTC, Admits Photos Don't 'Disappear Forever'
e Jay-Z and Beyonce announce summer 'On the Run' stadium tour
b Does the European Central Bank Have Big Changes in Store for Interest  ...
t Apple boosts MacBook Pro lineup with upgrades to RAM, CPUs
e Miley Cyrus Postpones Remaining US Tour Dates After Hospitalization
e The Pitch Perfect star channels Disney princesses Belle and Ariel.
e Conan O'Brien: Colbert 'right person' to do 'Late Show'
e Kirstie Alley Joins Jenny Craig...Again!
t Facebook responds to criticism of its experiment on users
b China manufacturing PMI rises to 50.8 in May
m Medicaid expansion will help addicts recover
b FUTURES FILE Oil, fuel prices ease ahead of holiday
b Shire PLC Still In AbbVie's Sights; Sweetened Offer Coming
e Fresh allegations: A second man has stepped forward claiming Bryan Singer  ...
b Medtronic Inc.'s share price, to acquire Covidien Plc in a 42.9-billion-dollar deal
b Wall St up on GDP data; Twitter has biggest jump ever
e Why You'll Be Able to Hook Up With Real Celebrities on Tinder
t Samsung's lawyers try to put a human face on Android
e SDCC 14: Marvel Animation Teases New Guardians of the Galaxy Series
e Greek Wedding Sequel in the Works
t HTC One Mini 2 (M8) Leaked In New Image With Colored Accents Design  ...
e Lindsay Lohan SUES Over Grand Theft Auto V: You Used Me!
e AC/DC's Malcolm Young sidelined by 'serious' illness
e Beyonce tops Forbes' most powerful celebrities list
b Reynolds American Inc. announced that its profit rose by 6.7 percent in its  ...
e 'Dancing with the Stars' crowns Meryl Davis and partner Maksim Chmerkovskiy  ...
m Recent rain brings possible threat of West Nile Virus
m State Office of Medical Cannabis to open
b Mercedes-Benz S-class now locally assembled
e Taylor Swift Flashes Some Serious Leg At 2014 ACM Awards
t Nintendo Reports $455 Million Loss But Has High Hopes For Next Year
b Marketwired In Deal With New York Attorney General
m Ivy League Students Admit Using ADHD Drugs to Boost Stamina and  ...
e Baby girl for Kelly Clarkson
t PS4 firmware 1.7 update release date planned for April 30
b 10 Valuation Charts
e Kourtney Kardashian & Scott Disick Reportedly Expecting 3rd Child
e Set List: Monty Python Live (Mostly) @ O2 Arena, London
b Wal-Mart starts to sell car insurance
m Big Drop In Colon Cancer Fuels Push To Get More People Screened
e 'Game of Thrones' finale draws millions
e Churches' Easter art trail
t Samsung says patents developed by Google engineers, not stolen from Apple
t Forthcoming Glassware update brings new calendar app to Google Glass
b German Chancellor Angela Merkel 'believes' in Greece after tough reforms
b European Stocks Slide On Low Inflation Fears
e Jenny McCarthy Plans to Marry Donnie Wahlberg 'In the Next Few Weeks'
e Sharknado 2 Ratings Devour Original, Set Syfy Record
t Wearable tech for your wrists, eyes and beyond
e Fight Club! Brad Pitt attacked at Maleficent premiere
e What's Happening In Hip-Pop: “Godzilla” Wins At The Box Office, Inside “Game  ...
e Kan. parents irked by first lady visit to high school graduation
b Wells Fargo's Profit Climbs -- Update
b How a US decision to allow oil exports could change the world's energy balance
e 'Game of Thrones' recap: Review of Season 4 Episode 1′s 'Two Swords'
b Oklahoma Now Has More Small Earthquakes than California
e More Than 40000 Sign Petition To Get Texas Tech Cheerleader To Take Down  ...
m Nicotine addiction
b Tuesday preview: UK inflation, M&S finals
t Facebook: US feds probed over 18700 accounts in six months
m Ebola under control now, says Guinea
b Sun Pharma extends gains above 2% on BSE
e 'Game of Thrones' returns Sunday, George R.R. Martin 'Robot Chicken' cameo set
e OFFBEAT: Garth Brooks announcement coming Monday?
t NSA knew about Heartbleed, exploited it for two years
t Security Roundup: Google Glass can be used to steal PIN codes from 10 feet away
t Britain to test driverless cars in three cities
t Will Microsoft (MSFT) Stock Be Affected By This Free Cloud Storage Increase?
e Watch Jess Meuse Sing “The Sound of Silence” in American Idol 2014 Top 11  ...
t Biologists Create Cells With 6 DNA Letters, Instead of Just 4
e 'This Is A Big F—–g Day': LA Mayor Garcetti Drops Expletive At Kings Rally
m Surgery best option for overweight diabetics
e Cameron Diaz, Leslie Mann draw mustache on passed out co-star Kate Upton
e Whoopi Goldberg Will Write About Marijuana, Vaporizers In A New Column For  ...
e GWAR lead singer died of accidental heroin overdose
t Honda Recalls 90000 Minivans For Fuel-Pump Issue
b Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 timeline
t Dropbox' Mailbox app goes Android, lands in Google Play store
m Scale of Ebola epidemic in Guinea unprecedented
b Economy shrank 2.9% in 1st quarter, much worse than earlier estimates
e Will & Jada Smith To Be Investigated By Child Welfare Over Teen Daughter Pics
m Cruise hit with norovirus docks in SD
e Harry Potter spin-off Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them will be a trilogy
m Macomb County takes precautions against West Nile virus
t Mozilla Faces Negative Reaction to CEO Ouster
b Netflix and Twitter are big market movers
e 'Game of Thrones' showrunners explain 'Oathkeeper's' White Walker twist
b TREASURIES-10-year yields tumble to 10-month low in line with Germany
e 'Hercules' trailer: Dwayne Johnson gets mythic, muscle-bound in teaser
b Lockheed Martin Wins $915M Pentagon 'Space Fence' Contract: Fence Will  ...
e 'Dawn of the Planet of the Apes' trailer: A world on brink of war
e DirecTV and Weather Channel ink carriage deal, ending dispute
b Weibo surges 28% after opening below IPO price
e Is addiction a Downey family legacy?
e Funeral for Peaches Geldof to be held on Monday
t Apple: iPhone 6 will arrive with two large sizes in september
t Is It Time To Charge People With Ecocide?
e Miley Cyrus course to be offered by college
e Leonardo DiCaprio auctions off space trip at charity gala
t Matchmaker, Make Me a Match: OkCupid Fiddles With Love Algorithm
e Janet Street Porter reveals she's a Miley Cyrus fan on Loose Women
m More than 140 dead in Ebola outbreak
b Stocks To Buy In The Mobile Gaming Sector [Glu Mobile Inc., King Digital  ...
b Earnings keep stocks ahead
b FOREX-Yen stays firm after BOJ stands pat; euro holds steady
e Record Store Day: Where to get your (musical) high tomorrow
b EPA to propose Superfund designation for Pueblo neighborhood
t RECALL ALERT: Seven automakers are recalling millions of vehicles, but why?
t Google shows off Android Auto, wearables
t GM has already recalled more cars this year than it sold all last year
e Weird Al uses Lorde's Royals to sing Foil
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S Up For Pre-orders in Canada, Starts at C$419
m Being skinny may be riskier for health than obesity, Canadian researchers suggest
t Facebook Transparency Report: US Asks For Most User Data, India Makes Most  ...
m 1 in 5 Food Service Employees Have Norovirus Symptoms According to the CDC
e Colbert Fires Back at #CancelColbert
m Central Florida MERS patient released from hospital
t 47% of US adults wouldn't last a day without smartphone
t NASA's Mark Adler: Low-Density Supersonic Decelerator Met Test Flight  ...
e Melissa McCarthy, Susan Sarandon Hit the Road
e 13 Most Over-The-Top Diva Renditions Of The National Anthem
t If a Driverless Car Gets a Ticket, Who Pays?
b PayPal helps eBay revenue jump 13 per cent
b Harris Poll: Nearly Half of Unemployed Not Looking for Work
e Nick Viall reveals 'The Bachelorette' star Andi Dorfman had sex with him despite  ...
e Speed Date with Ansel Elgort From 'The Fault in Our Stars'
b New York Metro-North worker struck and killed by train
b Consultations with President Rosen Plevneliev for early parliamentary elections  ...
b MMG identifies risks to Las Bambas schedule
m Medical pot smoking to be legal in public
b Generic Drugmakers Fight Teva's Bid to Stall Competition
e Michael Strahan confirms 'Good Morning America' gig with visit on 'GMA' set
b Mortgage Interest Rates Jump at Wells Fargo Wednesday Mar 19
b Alibaba Pays $249M For Stake In Singapore Delivery Service
e American Idol: Oops! Which Singer Caused J. Lo to Drop the F-Bomb?
m Gary H. Young
m Wall Street flat ahead of housing data, Chicago PMI; Mannkind surges
b Fully Charged: Apple might buy Beats, new Unreal Tournament is free and  ...
t Motorola Moto X Exchange Offer Now Available On Flipkart For Limited Period
m Mark this on the list of things to keep you up at night
t Justice Department Probing GM Recall
e The Bachelorette Season 10 (2014) Finale, ATFR Spoilers: Find Out: Will Andi  ...
e 'Conscious uncoupling' sounds like so much fun
e Report: Harrison Ford Broke His Ankle In 'Star Wars' Injury
e Steep drop in ratings as Mad Men begins its final season
t Burger King baby find birth mom, feels 'pure joy'
b Walgreens Withdraws 2016 Guidance; Will Restate Within Six Weeks
e Kansas City JCC tragedies: Murder and Steve Israel's blood libel
t U.S. Supreme Court decision has broader implications for media
b S&P/Experian Consumer Credit Default Indices
e Final Trailer for X-Men: Days of Future Past Released UPDATED with Second  ...
m Ohio State University Mumps Cases Now At 28
t GameStop: Watch Dogs Breaks Record for Most Next-Gen Preorders
t Backup Cameras Required For New Cars After NHTSA Ruling
b GM Adds 971000 Vehicles To Ignition Recall, Confirms 13th Death Tied To Defect
t Some people do deserve 'right to be forgotten' – but law's power shouldn't rest  ...
t Saudi Arabian Ministry of Education Selects Alliance of Mobily and IBM to Boost  ...
e Popular Brands Get Social for 'Mad Men' Final Season Premiere
t BeHere Lets Teachers Take Attendance Using iBeacon Technology
b Groupon Profit Tops View, But Shares Down On Weak Q2 Outlook
b Target 'requests' that 'guests' not carry guns
t Download Android apps from Google Play without Google account
e 'True Detective' Finale Posts Record Ratings for HBO, Creator Dishes on Season 2
e ABC Makes Scheduling Announcements Including Marvel Pick-Ups
m Colorado's New Tobacco Quit and Save App Helps Smokers Kick the Habit
e Musician Jack White makes vinyl record of live show in under 4 hours on Record  ...
t Four things Facebook will not do with Oculus Rift
e Tupac Shakur musical Holler If Ya Hear Me closing on Broadway
e Beyonce Knowles and Cheating Jay Z Divorce: Elevator Fight Breakup Leaves  ...
e Rapper survives cutting off penis, leap from second-floor apartment
b More on SummerSlam DVD Cover Spoiler, Waltman Wants Angle Back in WWE  ...
e Canadian author Farley Mowat dies
t What IBM-Apple Partnership Really Means for Businesses
e Georgina Haig may star as 'Frozen's Elsa' in 'Once Upon A Time'
b French manufacturing expands in March at fastest rate since June 2011: PMI
m Surprise City Earns Top Spot On American Fitness Index
t Amazon's New Fire Phone Lets You Scan Something Then Immediately Buy It
b Japan logs 23rd successive month of trade deficit, as exports, imports fall in May  ...
t Comcast's Customer Service Debacle
t Sony's upcoming selfie phone appears in new leak, packs front-facing LED flash
e Weird Al Returns With Parodies of Daft Punk, Pharrell
t Germany's Federal Ministry Gives BlackBerry a Solid Recommendation
t Apple vs Samsung: Google Android cited as root of $2bn iPhone patent  ...
b McCain tone on Caterpillar's corporate taxes softer than his view on Apple's
t Google Glass: Three Month Review
m How high schoolers use pot, in three maps
e Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt to reteam for new movie
b Coca-Cola profit falls 8 percent
e Grant Gustin in costume as The Flash for new TV series
t Seeing Red: Spectacular Views of this Morning's Total Lunar Eclipse
e 'Big Brother 16': Joey goes down in flames for daring to try an all-girl alliance
b Bitcoin Faces Biggest Threat Yet: A 'Miner' Takeover
e More gory violence based around an absurd premise
t Facebook 'Slingshot' app to take on Snapchat
t NASA's massive Earth Day selfie project: Look what NASA did with your Earth  ...
t Mark Zuckerberg doesn't want you to overpay for an Oculus Rift
e Mila Kunis makes Two & A Half Men appearance
b 30-Year Conventional Home Loans and Refinance Mortgage Rates at TD Bank  ...
m Beef recalled that was distributed to New England Whole Foods stores
e Zendaya No Longer Playing Aaliyah in Lifetime Movie!
b 5 former Madoff employees found guilty in infamous Ponzi scheme
t Microsoft may extend Windows XP support for another year
b Kashi settles suit over 'All Natural'
t Microsoft unveils the 12-inch Surface Pro 3 tablet, base model starts at $849 in  ...
e The Aereo case is being decided by people who call iCloud 'the iCloud.' Yes  ...
t Microsoft Surface Pro 3 vs iPad Air: Who Da Boss?
t Tesla opening access to its electric car patents
t UN: Warming worsens food, hunger problems
e Surprise couple Michelle Rodriguez, Zac Efron seen cuddling on yacht
t T-Mobile rolls out voice over LTE, HD voice in Seattle
e “X-Men: Days Of Future Past” Clip Sees Mutants Clash With Sentinels
b New Flight 370 data released; families still seek answers
t Facebook could be working on a Secret-inspired anonymity app
b Two Data Points Impacting the Stock Market Today
t What would a dog do with a GoPro camera? Now you can find out
e Report: Gwen Stefani Replacing Christina Aguilera on The Voice for Season 7
b Boeing Lifts Demand Forecast For 20 Years, Sees 36770 Deliveries Worth $5.2 Tln
t NASA reveals Hubble's colourful view of universe
e Johnny Depp and the Dense in 'Transcendence'
b Asia stocks mostly higher before Fed; China snaps 6-day winning streak
b Suburban counties gain population, Baltimore loses
t Microsoft Surface Tablet Deals on Amazon This Week - Pricing Slashed on Older  ...
b Walt Disney (DIS) Tops Q2 EPS by 16c
t Vic Gundotra, the Father of Google+, announces his departure
e Six Iranians Were Arrested for Dancing to 'Happy', Pharrell Not Happy
b How German holiday-makers could hold key to European Central Bank QE  ...
b EPA Clarifies When Federal Water Permit are Required
e RIP Michael Jackson: King of Pop's most iconic pictures 5 years after his tragic  ...
b EU plans major clampdown on high frequency trading
t Samsung's Gear 2 And Gear Fit Get Firmware Updates
e Erykah Badu interrupts live news broadcast
t 2015 Aston Martin V8 Vantage GT Bows at New York Show
t Its existing licensing agreement with T-Mobile US Inc. expires on April 25.
b Stocks flat at open
t WWE Network Hits 667K Subscribers In Six Weeks, But What Does The Future  ...
t Former Archbishop Of Canterbury Dr Rowan Williams Blames Western Lifestyles  ...
e DSK-inspired film debuts at Cannes
e 'Harry Potter' Spin-Off to Become a Trilogy
m A look back over 30 years of AIDS
e Is Demi Lovato's friendship with Selena Gomez in trouble?
e Jimmy Fallon Plays 'Face Balls' With Julia Roberts
e Game of Thrones Facts For People Who Don't Watch the HBO SeriesCulture
t Samsung Galaxy S5 vs. iPhone 5s: Which is Better for Business?
b Gold Holds Above $1275 Whilst US Dollar Falls
t Google's $3.2 Billion Nest Labs Is Going To Transform Homes, And It's Already  ...
t Quantum Break Unaffected by Xbox Entertainment Closure
b Flipkart acquires Myntra, to invest $100 million in fashion business
b Starbucks adds digital tips to app
t Kendall Jones: Facebook takes down pictures of Texan cheerleader with her  ...
e 'Godfather Of House' Frankie Knuckles dies aged 59
e Bobby Womack, R&B singer-songwriter with brave 2nd act, dies at 70  ...
b Duke Energy To Clean Up Ash In Dan River
t U.S. govt. advises people to use browsers other than IE after zero-day flaw is  ...
m Companies Seek OTC Approval for Erectile Dysfunction Drug, Cialis
e One Direction's credibility will hit new highs after 'drugs' scandal, brand experts  ...
e North Korea says Seth Rogen movie, 'The Interview,' is an 'act of war'
b On Equal Pay Day, a suggestion that such inequity doesn't exist
b Auto interiors company joint venture
b Philip Morris to End Australian Cigarette Production
e David Arquette follows ex-wife into engagement
e Katherine Webb and AJ McCarron Engaged - See Ring Photos!
t UPDATE 1-Mercedes recalls 284000 cars in US, Canada over tail lights
t Apple EarPod Secret Leaker Admits to Making the Whole Thing Up
b Candy Crush games developer King valued at over $7bn
t The Titanfall Day 1 Update Is 840 MB Big
b Hong Kong shares flat
b Meredith to Fold Ladies' Home Journal [Updated]
b LeBron's return to 23 scores big with fans
m Your views on the veg: Is it really affordable?
b Target Politely Requests You Leave Your Guns at Home
e 'Tammy' review: Melissa McCarthy's latest a surprisingly poignant comedy
t Apple Patents A Surface-Like Touch Keyboard Smart Cover With A Trackpad Twist
b Here Are All the Lawyers, Bankers and Advisers Collecting Fees In Energy  ...
b Crushing Blow to Pebble Mine, Germans Are Good Sports, Shark in Lake  ...
e If You Don't Know! News & Politics Roundup: "Brady Bunch" Actress Ann B  ...
b Stocks end mixed after pops and drops
b Wall Street slips as banks, techs drag
e Adam Levine starred in Begin Again for free
b PEPSI has reported a higher quarterly profit, lifted by sales gains in its snacks  ...
b Chinese carbon firms ahead of emissions deadline
t NASA OKs space station visit despite dead computer
e Recap: The 10 Best Quotes From Last Night's 'Scandal' Finale
t AT&T LG G3, LG G Watch sales begin July 8, in-store availability planned for  ...
m Indiana MERS patient on the road to recovery
b Ackman: Poison Pill Is Way for Allegan to Explore Alternatives -CNBC
e First look at The Flash in full costume from The CW's TV pilot
b Pound gains against a weaker euro, flat versus dollar
m Grieving father's plea brings love from strange place, Reddit
e 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' Edges Out 'Tammy' at Thursday Box Office
t Apple's Spending A Ton Of Money To Make The 'iWatch' Happen
e Avicii Hospitalized With Gall Bladder Blockage, Cancels Ultra Music Festival Show
t Microsoft and Skype have built a universal translator
b S&P 500 and Dow Testing 50's...Nasdaq Well Below...Still No Open Gaps  ...
t YouTube rumoured to be buying video game live streaming platform Twitch for  ...
e Jay Z And Kanye Fight Over Shared Relationship Philosophy
t Is Amazon moving into smartphone market?
b European elections:in the Med, each country goes its own way
t Net Neutrality is central planning of Internet
b US consumer sentiment edges lower in March
b Pig virus causes bacon price hike
t Apple, others officially agree to $325M settlement in Silicon Valley wage fixing  ...
e Miley Cyrus burgled: Thieves steal Maserati and jewellery from singer's Los  ...
b Dow breaks 17000 on strong jobs report / Video
t Chrome and Google+ Android apps updated with new features
e TV Saturday: Orphan Black's clone class is back in session (with video)
t ZTE Open C now available with Firefox OS 1.3, $99.99 price tag
b Tech stocks, Citigroup drag down stock market
e Your guide to must-see TV, April 17-23
t Insurers Worried Over Economic impact of Climate Change
m Forgotten vials of smallpox found in US storage room
b Supreme Court Places Limits on EPA Restrictions
b McDonald's is Responsible For Its Franchisees' Bullshit, Says NLRB
e Review Roundup: Chadwick Boseman Stars as James Brown in New Biopic  ...
t Ralph Lauren aces US Open with iOS-connected smart shirts
e Kendall Jenner steps out in Paris ahead of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's  ...
b Gold slips in Europe
b Pandora Earnings Preview: Profitability Will Continue To Improve
b Gold takes fresh dive as Fed rate hike concerns brew anew
t Why Amazon's smartphone will likely be unlike any other
e Zara sorry for 'Holocaust' pyjamas
e From the Gray Carpet: FOX's “Glee” Celebrates Its 100th Episode
b 787 Dreamliner batteries may need more tests, NTSB says
m Study Shows 1 in 5 High School Seniors Have Tried Hookah
b Save Items to Amazon Shopping Cart Directly From Twitter
m Can Too Much Vitamins In Cereals Be Harmful To Kids?
m FDA Approves New Inhaled Insulin for Diabetes
t Amazon sends exclusive invites for 2 April video streaming launch
m Researchers: Blood Test Can Predict Alzheimer's disease
t Obama plays soccer with 'scary' robot in Japan
t Online Leaders Tell FCC Chairman to Protect a Free, Open Internet
b Student Loans Debt Now Over $1 Trillion
e Dan Harmon Expresses His Community Fan Feels, Casually Mentions the  ...
m N.H. Ranks High In Prescriptions For Addictive Painkillers
t Apple Rumored To Release Revamped 13-Inch MacBook Air Model As Soon As  ...
m The VERY Surprising Reason Your TV Might Kill You
b Hong Kong's politics
e Woody Allen Refuses Black Actors For Legendary Harlem Club Play?
e L'Wren Scott Reportedly Planned To Close Her Fashion Business
e THEATRICAL THROWBACK THURSDAY: Eli Wallach & Cast Of LUV Show  ...
b Pinterest reaches $5 billion valuation
t Windows XP user don't care about security updates – market share stable
b Malaysia Airlines MH370: China 'will not give up' on plane
b Johnson Controls Inc. (JCI) Is Climbing After Joint Venture Announcement
b I survived Obamacare enrollment
t Netflix opposes Comcast–TWC merger over 'anticompetitive'...
t Top 10 Smartphones Of 2014: HTC M8 Beats iPhone, Galaxy S5 And Lumia 930 !
t Samsung to unveil Galaxy S5 premium model in August: report
m Heavy metal fan suffers headbang brain injury
m This Is the Exact Moment a 39-Year-Old Deaf Woman Hears for the Very First  ...
b Hong Kong benchmark hits highest since December on property gains; China slips
t MOVIE REVIEW: Documentary examines life and death of internet pioneer
e 'The Voice' Instant Save tweets put Kat Perkins in the Number 8 spot
e Ed Sheeran and The Roots rock Fourth of July Jam to a fine conclusion
e Bare bottom photo of Duchess of Cambridge Kate Middleton published by  ...
b Japan June flash manufacturing PMI shows first expansion in 3 months
t Woman reunites with birth mother
e HR Giger Dies: Quotes From the Surrealist Artist on Designing Alien
b easyJet scales back forecast loss
t Delhi disputes WHO 'polluted city' finding
t Google fine-tunes digital music strategy with Songza acquisition
b Chinese tycoon Chen Guangbiao takes 250 homeless people to New York's  ...
b What comes next for health care law?
e Rosie O'Donnell Joins 'The View', Bans Reality Stars From Being New Co-Hosts?
e 'The View' sees big changes: Jenny and Sherri are out
m ND tops list of deadly states for workers; MT still high on charts
m Tequila And 9 Other Things You Wish Helped You Lose Weight
b QUALCOMM (QCOM) Posts Quarterly Results
b Intel lifts revenue forecasts on PC sales, end of Windows XP
b All change for the new pound - but what about the supermarket trolleys?
m Foster Farms chicken linked to Salmonella outbreak, prompting recall
t New Emoji Alert! New Emoji Alert!
m “Save the Birthdays”
e KUWTK star confirmed the pair are not yet married this week
b JPMorgan profit weaker than expected as trading revenue falls
e Nephew claims self-defense in rapper's shooting
t Marquez grabs pole in return to Austin GP, site of his first MotoGP victory
e [Video] Sherri Shepherd Tearfully Announces She's Leaving "The View"
t Facebook's Snapchat competitor 'Slingshot' might launch as early as this month
e Kim Kardashian flaunts famous kurves in skintight dress before posting family  ...
b Walmart, Barnes & Noble Slash Prices as Hachette-Amazon Feud Continues
e Naya Rivera, Who?!? Lea Michele Is A Super Sexy Songstress In Her On My  ...
t Bald Eagle Egg Hatches in Pittsburgh
t Google officially moving into the wearable space, releasing SDK in two weeks
t US Navy Rolls Out 'NeRD,' an E-Reader Without Wi-Fi, Perfect for Use on  ...
e Photograph of school children acting out the crucifixion sparks outrage as picture  ...
e Divergent Finale Allegiant Will be Broken Into Two Movies!
m Gilead Announces Results from Study of Sovaldi® for Retreatment of Chronic  ...
t Ed Baig: Hands on with the new Galaxy S 5
m North Adams hospital shutting down, 530 to lose jobs
b Britain's economy on the road to recovery after Standard & Poor's give AAA score
e 'House of Lies' season 4: Kristen Bell pregnant with second child
e Kurt Cobain's daughter, Frances Bean, tells Lana Del Rey not to 'romanticize  ...
e Review: 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' leaves answers in the past
t Microsoft Won't Scan Email Accounts over Stolen Property Anymore
e Jimmy Scott - Jazz Great Jimmy Scott Dead At 88
e Brad Pitt Movie 'Fury' Co-Stars Shia LaBeouf Releasing Nov 2014, Watch First  ...
t Driverless cars hitting fast lane? Google now test-driving on city streets
t Ford to invest $500 million in Ohio factory
t Three-man crew off to space station
m Doctors say people need to use sunscreen more
e Parker: Limbaugh not laughing over Colbert's comedy
e Billboard Awards Red Carpet Photos: Who Wore What At The 2014 BBMAs
t Facebook To Ping Users Of Nearby Friends
e Miley Cyrus scraps remainder of US tour
b Stock Futures Tick Up After Citi Earnings; Eyes On Ukraine
e Warner Bros. announces teaser trailer debut for The Hobbit: The Battle of the  ...
m Health Check: Graphic ads target smokers
m Weight-loss surgery curbs diabetes
e Sara Gilbert And Linda Perry Just Got Hitched
e Madonna ARMPIT Shocker: – Eyewitness COMES FORWARD
t NASA animation shows Apollo 11 landing site
e 'Game of Thrones' season 4, episode 7 recap: If only we had wings
e Top radio host Anthony Cumia fired over racist tweets
b Priceline announces it's time for dinner with OpenTable buy
t World's 'largest dinosaur' unearthed in Argentina
e Rick Ross Lands Fifth #1 Album
e Actors will double for Paul Walker in Fast & Furious 7
b FedEx denies it was a drug mule
b Twitter's Biggest Investors Are Holding Onto Their Shares
t HP to Invest $1 Billion in Open-Source Cloud Computing
b Stocks: 4 things to know before the open
e Paul Walker's brothers to complete Fast and Furious 7 action scenes
e Box Office
b Earnings News: Google Inc. (GOOGL) (GOOG), International Business Machines  ...
e VOTD: Everything Wrong With Tim Burton's 'Planet Of The Apes'
e Foo Fighters, Muse and morepay tribute to Kurt Cobain
b US Jobless Aid Applications Rise to 302000 - KTVN Channel 2 - Reno Tahoe  ...
t Alfa Romeo 4C will get Annual Updates; Hotter Version Under Consideration
t Portland takes a huge step toward getting Google Fiber
e Avril Lavigne's Reaction To 'Hello Kitty' Video Controversy: 'LOLOLOL!!!'
t With Two New Managers, Glass is Becoming a Real Google Division
t Sony Officially Unveils Project Morpheus
b UberX Price Cut Targets Yellow Cabs
t Shh, don't tell: secret-sharing apps are all the rage, but they're also full of lies
e Angela Bassett To Direct Whitney Houston Biopic: Here's 10 Actresses Who  ...
t New recall action from GM
e Duchess's Sister, Pippa Middleton, to Cycle through Ohio
b The Royal Bank of Scotland may have to move outside of Scotland if voters back  ...
e Happy Cinco De Mayo!
b Oil prices spark economic growth concerns
b Walmart's New Online Shopping Tool Allows Customers to See Competitors Price
t Canadian Galaxy S5, Gear 2 Launch Date Points to US Release
b Beijing hears ideas on visitor curbs
b BNP Paribas Fined $9bn by US Authorities
b Chrysler recalls 25500 Fiat 500L's in US for airbag problem
e Pamela Anderson reveals she was sexually abused as a child
e Kanye West Almost Ruined Kim Kardashian's Big Day With This Crass Joke
e Sex Tape Trailer: Cameron Diaz and Jason Segel Get It On!
b BNP Paribas pays record $8.9B fine for sanctions busting
e 'Game Of Thrones' Season 4, Episode 6 Review: Trial By Fire
e Beyonce: The Real Reason She Dissed Jay Z In Concert
e Gable says AC/DC's Malcolm Young very sick
t Facebook's Slingshot: A Prettier, More Desperate Version of Snapchat
t Security experts: If you use these websites, change your password now
e Prince Reissuing Purple Rain, Promises New Music Under New Warner Bros. Deal
e Craig Ferguson quits Late Late Show
t Drones, lasers, satellites all part of Facebook vision
e Miley Cyrus' Tour Bus Was Caught in Flame, Sister Taped Scary Incident
t Screen Shortage Briefly Puts Brakes on iPhone 6
t Death stars in Orion blast planets before they even form
e One Direction wins top honor Grande, Gomez pick Kids' Choice Awards
b Washington state issues 24 marijuana shop licenses
m Gentiva Health Services Urges Shareholders To Take No Action In Response To  ...
e Lana Del Rey Sang at Kimye Wedding For FREE!
b UPDATE 2-China June consumer inflation cools, more stimulus expected
e Drive-in theater faces possible shutdown
e Eli Wallach: The Good, the Bad and the Brilliant
e Taylor Momsen loves New York
e Amazon inks HBO deal for Prime Instant Video and Fire TV app
e Did Courtney Love Find Missing Malaysian Airlines Flight MH370?
e Stores celebrate 7th annual Record Store Day
e Notable People: McCartney still ill, cancels Seoul concert
e Jada Pinkett Smith defends daughter Willow's racy picture
t LG G3 vs LG G2: What's the difference?
e Celebrities boycott US hotel chain over Brunei links
e Kim Kardashian Kendall Jenner's Sis Side Boob: Balmain Lover, MET Gala  ...
b Google tumbles as first-quarter financials and paid clicks disappoint
e Bryan Singer's Accuser Reportedly Never Mentioned Him During FBI Investigation
b California's proposed 2015 Obamacare premiums to rise 4 percent in 2015
t Apple's New 'Powerful' iPhone 5s Micro-Site Profiles Apps from Latest TV Ad
t Google releases Pokemon augmented reality game for April Fool's Day
b AstraZeneca Says Confident In Execution Of Strategy As Independent Company
b What next for equity markets after last week's pullback.
t Apple's big news day: The top 5 things to know
e Former Journey singer Steve Perry joins Eels on stage, publicly sings for first  ...
e Muppets reteam with mixed results
e Jessica Simpson and Eric Johnson get married
t Coming Saturday: SUPERMOON!
t Twitter Gets 'Photo Tagging' And 'Multiple Photo Sharing' Ability
e Bill De Blasio Sings 'I Love L.A.' On Jimmy Kimmel Live After Losing Bet
e Why did homeless teen accept Miley's award?
t Apple devices held hostage using Find My iPhone
b Medicinal Soft Drinks and Coca-Cola Fiends: The Toxic History of Soda
m Dark chocolates good for health due to polyphenolic polymers
b Mulberry boss Guillon steps down after failing to stop sales rot
t Twitter turns 8! So, what was your first tweet?
e Rumor: 'Indiana Jones' Could Reboot With Bradley Cooper In Lead
b Taco Bell President on the Battle for Breakfast
b Brent oil falls under $110, slide hits 7 straight days
m E-cigarettes best bet for quitting - study
t Google's Project Tango teams up with NASA for autonomous space robots
b UK Manufacturing 'Flourishing'
t Snowden Challenges Congress at SXSW
b Column: Karl Marx tries to rise once again
b Futures File: Oil exports impact uncertain
e L'Wren Scott Death: Actress Gina Bellman Questions Whether 'Women Are  ...
t Pump Price Climbs as Oil Surges on Violence in Iraq
b US: American Airlines got $425M for landing rights
t Stranded Baby Dolphin Rescued by Florida Heroes
e X-Men: Days of Future Past new clip delivers action
m Remote-Controlled Birth Control? Implant Would Deliver Daily Dosage
e 'Sharknado 2: The Second One' brings the frenzy to social media
t 'Newbie' pornstars not likely affected by Google's ban on these Ad Words
m Woman in a coma delivers healthy baby
b For the young and 'invincible,' health insurance is a must
t Apple Updates Retina MacBook Pro Line With Speedier Chips, More Memory
e The Bachelorette 2014 Episode 4 Spoilers Elimination: Eric Hill and Tasos  ...
t Apple finally ditches non-Retina iPad 2, relaunches 16GB iPad 4 for $399
e Full House may be making a comeback
e Rapper Arrested For 'Inciting Riot' At SXSW
t Get Lost Cheetah: Endemic Mite is World's Fastest Land Animal, Research  ...
e Justin Bieber Selena Gomez Song: Bieber Dedicates Song to 'My Baby'
e 'Penny Dreadful': John Logan's Thriller Debuts Sunday on Showtime
t Kepler-186f: Discovery of Earth-like exoplanet in 'habitable zone' of star  ...
t Xbox One Problems: Fixes For Common Errors On Microsoft's Next-Gen Console
t Rumor: Amazon to unveil video streaming device at NYC event
e Eminem And Rihanna To Perform 'The Monster' For First Time At MTV Movie  ...
m Kansas Girl Dies from Rare Brain-Eating Amoeba
e Last Lap: Did Rihanna Run Into Chris Brown's New Girlfriend?
b Valeant hikes its takeover offer for Allergan
t iPhone 6 Release Date Likely Earlier than Sept 19 as Walmart Sells iPhone 5S  ...
b 'Rigged' Wall Street does investors out of billions, claims best-selling author Lewis
e Madonna Instagram Photo Shocking? Desperate Armpit Hair Pic Latest Attention  ...
e 'Transformers 5' May Not Arrive in 2016; No Director Changes Planned
t Google Maps Adds Pokemon Challenge Mini-Game
b US STOCKS-Wall St to open lower as momentum stocks stay weak
m Lilly's Gastric Cancer Drug Wins Sales Clearance From US FDA
e Miley Cyrus cancels St. Louis show, tweets from hospital
e Amazon says its instant video streams jumped
t Nintendo loses $457M as Wii U sales slow to a crawl
t Virtual Reality in Your Face(book)
m CDC points out wide disparity among US states in pain killer prescription practices
t Release of iPhone 6 unlikely to affect Apple's overall sales
b Amaya Gaming nears deal to acquire PokerStars
t Why Does Facebook Want You To Broadcast Your Location To Your Friends?
e Muppets Most Wanted
e Mick Jagger Becomes Great-Grandfather
b Marijuana tax prediction by Colorado governor scaled back amid uncertainty
e The X-Men TV Retrospective
b Yellen, Fed should fight inflation hawks with facts
e Now It's Getting Sad: Robin Thicke Apologizes to Estranged Wife Paula Patton at  ...
b Premarket: US dollar upbeat on rate rise expectations, bonds fall
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Design Rumors Emerge
t Twitter gets nostalgic on its 8th birthday; lets you find your first ever tweet
b Trading Update for Dick's Sporting Goods (DKS)
e Taylor Swift Crashes Super Fan's Bridal Shower, Making It The Best Bridal  ...
t John Oliver rails against cable companies over net neutrality
e Edge of Tomorrow clever, funny action
t Loser in an Apple deal for Beats? Big-box stores
t LG announces its own Android Wear smartwatch, creatively named the G Watch
b London Market Report
e Voice of Tony the Tiger dies
b IMF says Aust to have slow growth
b How Weidmann confounded currency market investors
e Kit Harington Talks Fans' Desire for Jon Snow and Daenerys Pairing on Game of  ...
e On Handjobs and Hopelessness: The Lovesick Zeal of Jenny Lewis' 'The Voyager'
b Ohio geologists link small quakes to fracking
t Prehistoric 'chicken like' dinosaur discovered
b India's GDP growth likely to rise to 5.4% in 2014: IMF
b Forex - Japanese yen flat after lower CPI, better retail sales data
t Secret Facebook experiment
b UPDATE 2-Coal, grain shipments boost Union Pacific profit
t Scientists find 14 'dancing frog' species, amid signs their south Indian habitat is  ...
b Alcoa Q2 Profit Soars 157%
b Hong Kong leader Leung Chun-ying pelted at government meeting
b Hisham: No stone unturned in search for MH370
m US panel scolds Dr Oz for touting diet products
b GoPro Loss Widens
b Ex-BP official settles gulf spill insider trading case
t Rdio, Vudu, and Crackle all add Chromecast support
e 5 Gabriel Garcia Marquez Books Every Indian Must Read
b San Francisco tries to stop parking space auctions
b Global oil demand to rise as Iraq unrest spikes prices
e Watch Lil Wayne Perform 'Krazy' For The First Time At 2014 BET Awards
b American Transit Ridership Hits 57-Year High
b Intuit Beats On Q3 Profit, Sales, Guidance Weighs
m Michigan firm recalls ground beef products due to possible E. Coli O157:H7
e L'Wren Scott 'wasn't planning company shutdown'
t China Hangs On to a Dying Windows XP
e American Idol 13 - 'Best Of' Top 4 Performances [VIDEOS]
m Diet drug recalled after foreign pills found in bottles
m Increasing CO2 Concentration may Reduce Nutrients in Crops: Study
t Steve Jobs had 'no ambition' to build Apple TV set
b Uber wins out after black cabs gridlock London - Telegraph
m UW Hospital top in state, US News says
e Paris orders extradition of Brussels 'gunman'
m Hookup Apps Found to Increase Likelihood of STI Infection
m Governor & First Lady Raise Awareness of Autism
b Carney says UK economy not close to overheating
b Lenovo Net Profit Jumps on China Operations
m Smartphone app may help alcoholics on the road to recovery
e 'Godzilla' Sequel in the Works after $93 Million Opening Weekend
m Dr. Oz Defends Weight-Loss Claims in Senate Hearing
t Coffee Club: Is "Hands-Free" the Future of Driving?
m iPad causes allergic reactions
e Game of Thrones' Maisie Williams: 'Arya's misfortune is frustrating'
e VIDEO: Jenny McCarthy is Engaged!
t Rearview Cameras Will Now Be Required In New Vehicles
e Guitarist Dick Wagner‚ who played for Alice Cooper‚ dead at 71
m Study: Daily low-dose aspirin may help ward off pancreatic cance - WSFA.com  ...
e Tammy: Granddaughter and grandmother duo hit the road but it's no Thelma  ...
b Eastern European countries paid much more for Russian gas than western ones
e Beauty Crush: Freida Pinto's Smoky Eye And Sleek, Side-Parted Ponytail At  ...
m Hemophilia B drug wins
e Alicia Keys, hubby have baby on the way
b AT&T had strong 1st quarter on appeal of wireless installments plans
b Susan Tompor: Fake IRS calls hitting thousands
e Nick Lachey, Vanessa Minnillo expecting second child
e Fifty Shades of Grey movie 'surprisingly tame'
e Ringling Bros Trapeze Accident Video: 9 Performers Injured in 40-Foot Fall  ...
b Fed's Yellen: 'pockets' of higher risk taking in US
e Vergara single again
b South Carolina unemployment falls to 5.5 percent in March, marks 10th straight  ...
e Drew Goddard Nears Deal to Direct Spider-Man Spin-Off "Sinister Six"
b MH370 search to be privatized: Australian coordinators
t Regulators accuse T-Mobile of bogus billing in lawsuit
e BAFTA awards on BBC1 tonight, Graham Norton hosts a show featuring Ant and  ...
b Visa stops serving cards of several Russian banks
t HUFC 0-2 Exeter City Slide Show 1
e Beyoncé, Pharrell, & August Alsina Win Big at BET Awards
m Air pollution kills 7 million worldwide: WHO
e The Walking Dead season finale: Who dies in the end?
t Buick Sales Up 18%, Moves GM 1% Higher in June
t New Samsung tablets mimic Galaxy phones, go on sale in US July 7; 10-incher  ...
m Free medication samples in dermatology offices appear to change prescribing  ...
e Ashton Kutcher and Mila Kunis
b Polk County's New Home Permits in May Rise from '13
e Powdered Alcohol Is a Beautiful Disaster
e Meet the Star of "Boyhood," the Epic Film Everybody's Talking About
e Here are those How I Met Your Mother finale spoilers you've waited nine years for
e 'How I Met Your Mother' wraps up after 9 great years
t Samsung Galaxy Note 3 KitKat Update Android 4.4.3 in Final Testing Phase  ...
b The unlikely ascent of Jack Ma, Alibaba's founder
m Mumps outbreak spreads past Ohio State to community, 63 cases reported
e 'Snake Salvation' Preacher BIT! -- But Jesus Saved Him ... Says Wife
b Fed advances discussion on exit strategy: FOMC minutes
b GM 1Q profit dragged down by recalls
t Microsoft announces Halo 5 and Steven Spielberg 'Halo' TV series
m West Nile found in New Jersey mosquitoes, residents test positive for  ...
e Pharrell Breaks Down In Tears During Emotional Oprah Interview — Watch
e 2014 ROCK AND ROLL HALL OF FAME INDUCTION HIGHLIGHTS
b Zillow buying Trulia to make online real-estate titan
t Web Hosting Service NeoCities Throttles FCC Over 'Net Neutrality' Proposal
e Rihanna 'Accidentally' Tweets #FreePalestine, Then Deletes It
m Franklin Co. 23rd, Switzerland Co. 70th In County Health Rankings Report
e Miley Cyrus cancels more Bangerz gigs
e Yahoo makes new push into video production
e Got Beef? Rapper T.I. and Floyd Mayweather Brawl In Las Vegas Fatburger  ...
e Watch the Orange Is the New Black Trailer
t Leftist thought-gangsters strike again
b The miracle drug they all want
e George Clooney's Ex Stacy Keibler Marries Boyfriend Of Seven Months Jared  ...
t Sony network hacked, executive's flight diverted
b Stocks Poised For Further Gains On Blue Chip Earnings, CPI Strength
e Gwar Frontman David Brockie Died At 50
e Johnny Depp confirms engagement to Amber Heard, shows 'chick's ring' (Photo)
e Joe Manganiello Talks Shocking 'True Blood' Moment - Spoilers!
e Transformers: Age of Extinction Gets the Top Opening of the Year
b Wall Street rockets to new records
t Skype Just Added a New Feature That's Straight Out of 'Star Trek'
e Mila Kunis Pregnant 2014: Ashton Kutcher and Instagram Shy Girlfriend Turned  ...
t New custom ROM for LG G Watch promises better performance and battery life
e She is clone, hear her roar
e Jupiter Ascending: Action-Packed Trailer #2 Released
b Tesco sees no respite as profit slumps
b Swiss court grants $4.5 bln divorce to Russian tycoon's wife
e Captain America sets new US box office record of US$96.2m
e Justin Bieber, Selena Gomez Dirty Dancing In New Video And It's Amazing
b Gold hits three-week high on Iraq, platinum group metals up
b Intel revenue gets boost as businesses upgrade office computers
t Stern Pinball Unveils 'Top Secret' Images of the 50-Years-of-Mustang Limited  ...
e “22 Jump Street” Rules Box-Office
e 'Captain America' largest April opener with $95M - WFSB 3 Connecticut
e 10 things you need to know about LiLo's stage debut
e Here We Go Again: Zara Under Fire After Selling Children's Shirt Resembling  ...
m Cool summer keeping West Nile in check in Illinois
m Hospital Infections Kill 200 Patients a Day
t Google unveils Android Auto for cars
t Tech Week Ahead Show: Open a New Microsoft Window?
t Verizon paid for peering deal with Netflix
m Don't ignore colon cancer dangers
m Joblessness an Unwanted Side Effect of Chemo for Breast Cancer
e BET Awards 2014: Lionel Richie Accepts Lifetime Achievement Award, Performs  ...
b MGM, Las Vegas Sands Upside, Despite Macau Struggles
t Arrests Made In Malware Case Spanning 100 Countries, 500000 Computers
m Saudi Arabia suspects African camel is source of MERS virus
m Alone with our thoughts or electric shock? Most would rather shock themselves  ...
e Miley Cyrus 'leaks' another topless pic; pretends to catfight with Avril Lavigne
t Mazda recalls 42k vehicles because of a spider problem
t American Airlines flight diverted after hackers make bomb threat
t Chrysler recalls 780000 minivans for faulty switches
e 'How I Met Your Mother' Ends After Nine Seasons
b Missing Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370: Satellite Firm DigitalGlobe  ...
b Summary of Mortgage Interest Rates at US Bank Corp on March 20, 2014
b John Koskinen
b Walgreen's profit missing expectation
t Hackers Are Holding iPhones Hostage Using This Anti-Theft Feature
e 'Fifty Shades of Grey' Releases First Movie Still of Jamie Dornan
t Sony Advises Against Using The Latest Vaio Laptop Over Fire Risk
m The Honor Roll of Best Hospitals 2014-15
t Microsoft Surface Pro 3 will be the only option for some regions
e Christine McVie rejoining Fleetwood Mac for North American tour
b Fast Food Pay Demands Going Global
t iPad Air vs Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 comparison review
e VMAs 2014: Nominees and Winners for MTV Award Show, Featuring Beyonce  ...
e Zac Efron-Seth Rogen comedy kicks 'Spider-Man 2' off the top box-office spot
t Amazon unveils new phone 'Fire' to compete with iPhone and Androids
e Man's 'Potato Salad' Plea Takes Off on Kickstarter
e 'Game Of Thrones' showrunners' reign extended 2 years
t Recall: Nearly 900000 Honda Odyssey Minivans
t The 4 brilliant new YouTube features that Google revealed this week
e 'Captain America' Skyrockets Past 'Rio 2' for Repeat Win at Box Office
b General Mills reverses controversial policy on right to sue
b Mt. Gox Files For US Chapter 15 Bankruptcy
e Yahoo enters online streaming fray with 2 shows
m People Smoke More In Countries Where Cigarette Packets Show NO Branding
e Jessica Simpson marries Eric Johnson
t Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella Is Coming To SF On March 27 To Talk Cloud  ...
e Rare stamp sells for...
t Android TV launch at I/O all but confirmed, with gaming as big focus
b Treasuries Close Modestly Higher After Seeing Early Weakness
e Matt Damon promotes clean water with Ice Bucket Challenge
t Samsung gearing up wearable family with round-faced smartwatch
e Madonna Shares Her Hairy Armpit With Fans (Photo)
e 'Weird Al' Yankovic spoofs Robin Thicke, Pharrell on 'Mandatory Fun'
e Scarlett Johansson chops off her hair
t Apple + Beats: Cutting Through The Hype And Negativity
e L'Wren Scott's business was in decent shape: spokesman
t Apple iPhone 6 could have TWO camera sensors
b Draghi as Committed as a Central Banker Gets, as Economists Await ECB  ...
b Ford to name COO Mark Fields as new chief executive: sources
e New Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Poster Hits Too Close To 9/11 For Many
b Weather impacts Walmart at home
m West Nile Virus Found in Mosquitoes in Woodbridge
e Johnny Depp Takes Fiancee Amber Heard Out for Early Brithday Dinner!
e Man raises more than $5000 to make potato salad
e Drew Barrymore gives birth to baby girl
e Taylor Swift: Internet Has Changed Concerts But People 'Still Buying Albums'
b Tyson Sinks After Blaming Earnings Miss On Weather, Hog Virus
m CDC: Florida's pill mill deaths see significant drop
t Report: Amazon to Offer 'Kindle Unlimited' E-Book Subscription Service
b Singapore and US reach tax evasion deal
e Lime Shortage Has Restaurants, Bars Scrambling Ahead Of Cinco De Mayo
e The Big Bang Theory renewed for three seasons
t BREAKING NEWS: Colin Pillinger, scientist behind Britain's Beagle Mars 2  ...
e Pussy Riot May Protest James Franco Next, Star in 'Spring Breakers' Sequel
t W.Va. average per-gallon gas price up 1 cent
m E-cigarette ads target 24M kids, adolescents
e Fangirling: 'Bachelorette' Andi visits the Murray family
e Justin Bieber: 'Have I been to Australia?'
m For woman older than 60, Alzheimer's risk double that of breast cancer
b Liberty-Sky, Box
m Surgeons Experiment With “Cooling" Trauma Victims, but Don't Call It  ...
t Halo 5: Guardians Gets a Launch Window
t Cisco and Partners to Build World's Largest Global Intercloud
m Liberia shuts schools to tackle Ebola outbreak
e Nas - Nas Celebrates Documentary Premiere As Tribeca Film Festival Opens
t Apple Eyeing "Full Health and Fitness Platform," Report Says
b GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks tumble on Wall St gloom, Ukraine tensions
b Alibaba to take stake in Singapore Post for $249 million
b Unilever share price: Company sells Ragu and Bertolli pasta sauce brands
b Editorial: What's in a name? Let's wait, watch and find out
b Dog stock of the day: Valero Energy
e Cronenberg, Godard, Leigh, Loach: Cannes
m A snack might help avoid fights with your spouse: study
t Beats co-founder Iovine could e key Apple deal ingredient
e Lady Gaga records a jazz album
b US jobless claims point to firming labor market
b Whole Foods Market Downgraded to Neutral at Sterne Agee (WFM)
m Police: Patient sold heroin from hospital room
m Why cruise lines should have that sinking feeling
e Scarlett Johansson's Got a Dramatic New Haircut
b China's bold maritime claims test Obama's Asia 'pivot'
e Jessica Simpson and Eric Johnson Gets Married
t NASA previews Saturday morning meteor show
t Space Command boss wants more smaller, cheaper space-based systems
e In pictures: 10 Scottish acts who deserve a place in the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame  ...
e MTV VMAs 2014 nominations: Beyonce and Eminem top Miley Cyrus
t Google's Project Zero team tasked with finding security exploits
b Wall Street ends down; S&P has worst week since 2012
t Protecting your passwords after Heartbleed
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West to walk down the aisle in exclusive royal garden?
e Reflections on Lindsay Lohan's Reality Show
b President Barack Obama, Senate Democrats take aim at gender pay gap
b Three Things to Look For in Amazon's First-Quarter Earnings Report
e Vardalos confirms 'Greek Wedding' sequel
b WATCH: Two women escape incredible near-miss with train
b BNP Paribas said closer to agreeing settlement over sanction violations
b Barclays to cut 19000 jobs globally
b Johnson & Johnson Reports Higher Earnings -- 2nd Update
e 'Dancing with the Stars,' season 18, and the winner is ...
e True Blood's Joe Manganiello Shines Light On Dramatic Season 7 Premiere  ...
t Google's Project Tango to take tablet wars to next level with 3D-imaging tech
b Chinese version of the popular game coming to China's Tencent platform this  ...
e 'Birdman' is a movie to watch after rave reviews at the Venice Film Festival
e Brooks Wheelan not returning to 'SNL' in the fall
e Zac Efron: I'm up for HSM reunion
m Panic, hunger spread among quarantined West Africans in Ebola areas
b Food scare driving away Yum, McDonald's diners in China
e Paris Couture Autumn/Winter 2014: Dior
m Former Buffalo Bills QB Jim Kelly Has Cancer Battle Detailed
t Microsoft Offering $100 off Surface Pro 2 to Lure Windows XP Users to Upgrade
e At The VMAs, Beyonce And Nicki Minaj Play With Personas
b British inflation rate jumps to 1.9 pct unexpectedly in June
t Apple offering to replace some faulty iPhone 5 batteries for free
e Harrison Ford injured on set of 'Star Wars: Episode VII'
t 'Cosmos' episode 2: Life rules in 'Some of the Things That Molecules Do'
m Feds Agree On Study Using Marijuana To Treat Veterans With PTSD
e Andi Dorfman Wrote Eric Hill's Family 'Thoughtful' Letter After Death
t Anger as search giant wipes attack on banker
e Harrison Ford Breaks Ankle In 'Star …
m E. Coli Outbreak Affects Nearly 2 Million Pounds of Beef
b TECH STOCKS: Twitter's Big Slump Highlights Tech Losses
e The Bachelorette finale: The drama, the romance and the Fantasy Suite shocker
t NASA Gears Up for Second Attempt at Carbon-Measuring Satellite Launch
t Nike reportedly getting out of the activity tracking hardware business
e 'Shield' actor charged with murdering wife
m WHO certifies India, other 10 Asian nations polio free
m A national health agency is calling for steps to prevent the spread of the  ...
t PS4 Sales Reach 7 Million Units Sold Globally, Sony Struggles to Match Demand
e Maya Angelou: I'm trying to be a Christian
e In new deal, select HBO Series will come to Amazon Prime
m Are we ready if the Ebola outbreak goes global?
e 'Hammered' Charlie Sheen greets fans at Taco Bell 0
e Coldplay's record label says Chris Martin and crew and working on two  ...
e 'Wonder Years' alum Danica McKellar is engaged to lawyer
e Pamela Anderson opens up about history of sexual abuse
e Holy Week sees emphasis on Jesus from religious leaders and scholars
e Anna Kendrick & Icona Pop Praise "Dongs All Over the World"
t Meteor shower disappoints stargazers, but not too much
e Beyonce Named as One of TIME Magazine's 100 Most Influential People of 2014
b AT&T reportedly in talks to buy DirecTV for nearly $50 billion
e 'Divergent' undaunted; hauls in $4.9 million already
t Apple to pay consumers up to $400m in e-books case
t Amazon to acquire streaming site Twitch for $1 billion
e Life After E! For Chelsea Handler — 7 Companies Are Courting Her
e VIDEO: 22 Jump Street directors explore sexual politics with Channing Tatum's  ...
b White House orders broader Obamacare health plans in 2015
b BNP rises most in year as bank maintains dividend after fine
m Girl Suspended for Shaving her Head in Support of Cancer Patient: Video
t Google: 'Glass not just for geeks' (aside: it is)
t total lunar eclipse
m People prefer friends with similar DNA
e Kanye tells Kim to ditch the smile
t ASTRONOMY: Meteor shower will peak this week
e Sequel 'Insurgent' Gets Greenlight as 'Divergent' Opens to $56 Million
b HTC reports Q2 profit boost
m Pakistan To Set Up Mandatory Vaccination Points For Travelers
b BP share price: Company completes Gulf Coast clean-up operation
t Battery-Powered Profits — Courtesy of Tesla
e Colbert Shares Glipse Of His 'Late Show' Persona, Trolls With Letterman Selfie
b US Justice Department has others in its sights after BNP Paribas fine
t Sony Vaio's are setting o...
t Google's new car: No driver, and no steering wheel
e Hello Kitty is not really a cat
b EUR (ECB) Vs. USD (NFP): Which Is The Favorite?
e Iggy Azaela equals Beatles record on US chart
b Shell to sell stake in Australia's Woodside for $5 billion
m Father thanks users for 'amazing' edits of dying Sophia
e Kanye West rants for 20 minutes at Wireless Festival: “Fuck saving face”
t With Supreme Court loss, Aereo investors may be out nearly $100 million
e Hip hop artist Rick Ross arrested in North Carolina
e Taylor Swift Writes Article For Wall Street Journal, Says Music Industry Is 'Not  ...
t Google Debunks Rumors About The Nexus Lineup's Death
b China's JD.com pays CEO US$591m bonus
e Great Thing of the Day: Kate Winslet Gets a Nude 'Titanic' Drawing at 'Divergent  ...
t Oculus VR and John Carmack dragged to court by ZeniMax Media
b Dollar Gauge Falls to Lowest in 5 Months After Fed; Lira Drops
m Egyptian Camels Carry Deadly Middle East Respiratory Syndrome Virus
e Hosts of Axed HGTV Show: There's an Agenda to 'Silence Men and Women of  ...
e Brooks says 'five shows or none'
t NASA's moon-orbiting robot crashes downa
b US Dollar Ignores Bullish News
e Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) news: Netflix Is No Stranger To The Pivot
t Apple, Google agree to settle patent litigation over smartphone technology
t Google announces Android 'L' at Google I/O 2014
b 8.6pc growth in China industrial output in first two months weakest in 5 years
b Cellulosic ethanol takes a hit
m Stem Cell Breakthroughs Renew Old Cloning Fears
b Twitter revenues up 119pc to US$250m – 80pc of ad revenue from mobile
t 5 TJ Students Named Finalists in Intel Talent Search
b Barclays Said to Remove White From Daily Equities Role Amid Suit
b Managers voice concerns as China bond nears default
t 2014 Moab: Jeep Wrangler Concepts
t Apple iPhone 6 likely out in Sept
t Earthlike Planets Circling Gliese 581 Might Not Exist (Video)
b CBO Lowers Projected Obamacare Costs by $104 Billion
b Air travel has become a flight of faith
b U.S. Stocks Edge Higher
e Amazon teaming up with HBO
e Binoche's acting talent peaks in Assayas's Sils Maria
e Win a Role On 'Star Wars: Episode VII'! (Video)
t “IPCC report claims: No more excuses for funding coal and gas projects”
t Intel taps China's Rockchip to beef up tablet portfolio
e Beyoncé and Jay Z plan to tour together this summer
m Fist Bumps May Be Less Germy Than Handshakes
t Texas teen's hunting photos removed
t Wilfredo Lee, Associated Press
e Terry Richardson denies "ridiculous" sexual misconduct allegations
t Business Highlights
b Euro zone unemployment rate stable in February
e Brandy and Fiancé Ryan Press End Their Engagement
m McHenry County among healthiest counties in Illinois
b Shares rally on ECB stimulus bet; dollar gains
m Obese Texas girl who had tumour has surgery in Ohio
e British Entertainer Rolf Harris Sentenced to 5 Years in Prison for Abusing Young  ...
t NASA Can Send People to Mars for $100 Billion, Experts Say
e Cersei Lannister vows to take revenge on Tyrion in tense new Game of Thrones  ...
t Google's conquest of privacy is complete
e Netflix gets its own cable channel in deal with three cable providers
t Lorenzo in talks over new Yamaha deal
e Kim Kardashian, Celebrity Style Evolution: From Sidekick To Superstar
t Microsoft may lay off over 6000 employees
b FTSE 100: This morning's risers and fallers
e Fox Will Air Grease Live In 2015
e Eric Clapton quits touring
e Everything You Need to Know to Watch "Divergent"
m Florida bans sale of e-cigarettes to minors starting July 1
m Rural Iowa Cancer Care Challenges Highlighted in New Report
m Ex-Boston mayor Thomas Menino fights advanced cancer
e Singer Chris Brown's DC trial delayed for months - wistv.com - Columbia, South  ...
b US Unemployment Benefits Applications Dip
m Mosquito-borne virus reported in Missouri man; health officials say infection  ...
e SiriusXM Fires Long Island's Anthony Cumia Host Of Opie & Anthony
e New Clip From Richard Linklater's 'Boyhood' – Starring Patricia Arquette, Ethan  ...
e Why Will The 2014 MTV Movie Awards Host, Conan O'Brien, Pay Close Attention  ...
t Apple-Samsung jury leaves $120 million patent verdict intact
t Live: GM CEO Mary Barra appears before Congress over ignition switch defect
m Study Says That If You're Young, Watching Too Much TV May Literally Kill You
e Mila's Graphic Delivery-Room Talk Will Make You Laugh and Gross You Out
t The truth is, you've never had the 'right to be forgotten'
t OnePlus One First Image Leaked
b FOREX-Dollar falls as sentiment weakens ahead of US data
b Health care site down for hours on deadline day
e The First 'Orange Is The New Black' Season 2 Trailer Is Finally Here And It's  ...
t Iranian Hackers 'Used Facebook To Target US'
b Economy Watch: Existing Home Sales Edge Down in March
b Starbucks to experiment with burgers
b One Thousand Hong Kong Lawyers Protest Communist China's Power Grab
b GBP/USD Weekly Fundamental Analysis June 16 – 20, 2014 Forecast
e Echoes of Cold War for Captain America
t The heat is on
b Redskins confident of reversing trademark ruling
e Actress MICHELLE RODRIGUEZ has been photographed kissing her rumored  ...
e HBO Renews 'Veep' and Freshman Comedy 'Silicon Valley' For New Seasons!
m Pneumonia Bacteria May Lurk in Windshield Washer Fluid
e Star Wars cast includes Max von Sydow
b Arthur Sulzberger Defends Jill Abramson Firing
e Sony in Talks With Danny Boyle to Direct Steve Jobs Movie, Leonardo DiCaprio  ...
e Fired Times editor to give commencement speech
e 'The Bachelor: After the Final Rose' Recap: Is the Couple Still Together?
b Canada's economy 'trudging along;' monthly growth misses expectations
t Ascend P7 Review: New Huawei Phone Better Than iPhone 5S?
e 'Full House' Revival: Original 90s Sitcom Cast All Returning For New 'Twist On A  ...
m Muslim Woman Files Lawsuit Against Planet Fitness Over Head Covering
m 1430 Kaiser Pharmacists Prepare To Strike Over Pension Benefits
t Twitter now allows users mute other users
e Introducing Prime Music: Over One Million Songs, Hundreds of Playlists  ...
e Joss Whedon apologizes to Korea for 'Avengers: Age of Ultron' movie
b Stocks close mostly higher on earnings gains
e The Voice: Recap For 5/19/14
m Match Day 2014 Reveals, Celebrates Med Students' Next Step
e James Gunn Talks About His Plans For Guardians of the Galaxy 2 (POSSIBLE  ...
b With legal marijuana, Washington joins an exclusive club
m White House: Failure to expand Medicaid costs Florida 64000 jobs
t 689003 Users' Emotions For Science manipulated by Facebook.
e Star Wars Actor Hurt In Door Malfunction, Suffers Fractured Ankle
e 'Noah' sails but it really sinks
b TSX advances, traders focus on potential Tim Hortons/Burger King combo
e Why Batman vs. Superman vs. Captain America 3 Can Never Happen
b GM investing $449-million in two Detroit-area plants
e Is Avril Lavigne's 'Hello Kitty' Video Racist? Twitter Has Mixed Reaction To  ...
m Nickel from iPad causes rashes
e Iconic pinup photographer and model Bunny Yeager dies at 85
e Emma Watson shows it all off in a semi-sheer floral dress at the Noah premiere  ...
e James Franco Denies Sleeping with Lindsay!
b 49ers quarterback Kaepernick under investigation for possible sexual misconduct
b US futures edge higher, eyes on ISM report; Dow Jones up 0.27%
b US Supreme Court places limits on emissions regulations
t Google teams up with Ray-Ban, Oakley
b Benzinga's Top #PreMarket Gainers
m Saudi MERS death toll passes the 100 mark
t Siri software maker Nuance has held sale talks - WSJ
t Here's what kind of Mac you need to run OS X Yosemite
e Airline Responds to 3-Year-Old Forced to Pee in Plane Seat
b Pound Rallies To 35-day High As Carney Says Rate Hike May be Sooner
b Rescuers close in on trapped Honduran miners after collapse
t Will Facebook Ad Tool Backfire on Brand?
e Burglars Steal Jewelry And Luxury Car From Miley Cyrus' Home
t Facebook Targets 'Like-Baiting' In The News Feed
b Hatcheries grow one-third of state's record salmon haul
b Pioneer: Oil export ruling impacts “large portion” of Eagle Ford production
b Search for missing jet continues as families demand explanations
t Time Warner says it's willing to go to binding arbitration with DirecTV to solve  ...
e 'Duck Dynasty's' Phil Robertson Slams Gays, Sinners In Brutal New Comments  ...
b Barclays faces lawsuit in alleged dark pool fraud
b BNY Mellon Shareholders Welcome Activist Peltz: Real M&A
e Comic-Con's dark side: Harassment
e Jesse Plemons, John Boyega and Ed Speleers in contention for Star Wars  ...
e Home»News»Entertainment»Judge expands powers of Kasem's daughter to  ...
b Treasuries Close Sharply Higher Amid Focus On Europe
b Mario Draghi says QE "falls squarely" in European Central Bank mandate
e Pink Floyd to release new album in October, according to David Gilmour's wife
b Home»News»Business»US new-home sales drop 14.5 per cent in March; worst  ...
m Arizona, Wisconsin Report 1st West Nile Cases in 2014
t DETROIT (AP) - Spiders have forced Suzuki to recall more than 19000 midsize  ...
t Owners of some Honda, Mazda and Nissan cars must have faulty airbags repaired
m Study: Diet soda drinkers lost more weight than water drinkers
e The Bachelorette Season 10 Finale Review: [Spoiler] Shoulda Quit While He  ...
t Increasing CarPlay aftermarket head unit support
e Transsexual model Ava Sabrina London tells all about her 'paid sexual  ...
e Star of 'Good, Bad, and the Ugly' and 'Magnificent Seven'
t Snapchat settles charges with FTC that it deceived users
t Samsung Just Made Picking The Right Android Tablet Easier With The New  ...
e E! Presents "Fashion Police: The 2014 MTV Movie Awards"
e Madonna posts selfie of hairy armpit. Um, cool?
b Royal Philips plans to merge lighting units
t Climate change in stark contrast to inaction of NZ govt
m Health study ranks Genesee County second worst in the state
e 'Chicken Cup' sets China auction record with US$36m Sale
t Amazon aims for TV business with free video streaming: 'WSJ'
e The Torontonian Tips Cannes
t Europe warns Google, Samsung on phone patent abuse
e 'Hammered' Charlie Sheen greets fans at Taco Bell
b FAA proposes $12M fine for Southwest Airlines
t Apple and IBM announce 'landmark deal' to develop apps
b ECB hails progress made by eurozone banks, warns of new risks
m Seven more with MERS
b Tokyo stocks close lower
e First trailer released for Dwayne Johnson as Hercules
b WSJ: American Apparel To Get $25 Mln In Financing
m Scientists Develop Biological Pacemaker
e Names+Faces: Whedon posts new movie online for $5
t Kid's work: 5-year-old finds flaw in Xbox Live security
e Wiz Khalifa Scraps Adele Collaboration From His Next Album?
e Liam Payne Urges One Direction Fans To 'Calm Down' After Outrage Over Louis  ...
t GM adds 4G data plan in effort to make cars less safe
t GM employees knew of faulty ignition switches 10 years before issuing recall
e Miley Cyrus Posts Topless Photos From the Road (VIDEO)
t After website failure, FCC extends deadline for net neutrality comments
t Holden checks Cruze fault after US recall
e 'Mad Men': Matthew Weiner Talks Midseason Finale, Music and Dream  ...
b Sports FYI
e Family Meals Matter: Cinco de Mayo
b Euro firm despite hints of ECB moves on deflation
e Drake Hosts 2014 ESPYs Awards
m Food Handlers Cause Most Food-Poisoning Cases
e Tribeca Film Festival 2014: Nas powers first night with story told in film, live rap
t Legit Google Play apps found to be covertly mining digital currency
e Stephen Colbert appears on 'The Late Show with David Letterman'
e News: MK Nobilette on Being First Openly Gay Idol Finalist: "I Never Intended It  ...
e Daniel Radcliffe says he's not likely to play Harry Potter again in wake of JK  ...
e 'Scandal' Cast 2014 News: Columbus Short Arrested, Charged With Felony After  ...
m Scientists grow viable vaginas from girls' own cells
e New York Mets force to postpone game due to storm in 'Sharknado 2'
e Casey Kasem, radio legend, dies at age 82
e Unpacking Last Night's Mad Men: From Computers To Breakdowns
e 'Jurassic Park' actor Sir Richard Attenborough dies
m CDC study ranks Alabama better than national average in 3 of 4 hospital  ...
e Which Celebrity Tweeted 'Free Palestine' and Then Deleted It?
b Lenovo's profits increase 25pc as budget tech market grows
t Apple wants the iPhone to control your home, could introduce new tech at WWDC
e Movie Review: Sandler falls flat in unimpressive 'Blended'
e Why You Should Be Mad About LeVar Burton's 'Reading Rainbow' Kickstarter  ...
b Alcoa Earnings Beat Q2 Estimates
e 'Star Wars' fans to get chance at cameo
e TheMusic.com.au Is Headed To SXSW Again
t Nokia to rebrand as Microsoft Mobile
e Review: Latest 'Spider-Man' film has lots of fun action, a few too many stories
b NNS: Navy to Deploy Electromagnetic Railgun Aboard JHSV
m Sen. Brown Announces that Nearly 78000 Ohioans with Medicare Saved Over  ...
t St. Paul Turns Off Lights To Promote Conservation
b Tim Hortons Rating Lowered to Market Perform at Raymond James (THI)
e Mickey Rooney dies at 93; remembered for remarkable acting career
m Coffee May Help Keep Eyes Healthy
e The Bizarre 'Transformers' Mythos Hinted at in 'Age of Extinction'
b New Missile Defense System Tested In Hawaii
b Europe open: Greek and Spanish debt upgraded by ratings agencies
b Bitcoin And Government 'For The People'
t Industry Sees Costly Rules After Obama Embrace of Climate Report
b Whitbread sales boosted by "strong" Costa brand
t Facebook defends controversial News Feed experiment
m Autism Linked to Elevated Levels of Steroid Hormones in the Womb
t Don't miss 'once-in-a-lifetime' meteor shower over north Staffordshire
m UN seeks to calm Ebola fears in west Africa
b May home sales strongest in six years
t Porsche, Hyundai and GM impress in JD Power Initial Quality Study, Fiat and  ...
t Microsoft to soon rename Nokia Oyj to Microsoft Mobile Oy
e JIMMY KIMMEL's 'Worst Twerk Fail Ever' Among Winners of 2014 Webby Awards
b Netflix announces price hike for new members in the US, no word on price  ...
t Thumbs Up to Judge Koh for Overruling Samsung's Objection to the Federal  ...
b Is This The End of the Housing Recovery? NO!
e [Videos] 'Scandal' Finale Preview: The Explosion Will Change the Game
m In CDC study, less than 3 percent identify as LGB
t Scientists Discover Mega Exoplanet about 560 Light-Years away from Earth
e Lea Michele Flaunts Some Shiny Cleavage At The Legends Of Oz: Dorothy's  ...
b Home prices in major cities grow at slower rate in March
e What is Holy Week?
e Mad Men season 7 2014: seven defining moments
e New films: X-Men Days of Future Past, Blended
b Last minute filers should expect long delays in trying to reach IRS
t Inside the LG G Watch and Samsung Gear Live smartwatches
t The OculusDrone Hybrid Combines The Hottest Innovations In Today's Tech  ...
e Game of Thrones Season 4 Review “The Laws of Gods and Men”
m Low Carbohydrate Diet May Reduce Risk To Heart Diseases!
t Moto 360 to Cost Almost Twice as Much as the G Watch and Gear Live?
b Memphis unemployment rate tumbles lower in April
b Medtronic, Covidien shares surge premarket as Medtronic agrees to buy  ...
e Tourism chiefs seek boost from Kimye honeymoon
m Oscar Pistorius ruled sane, as South Africa again transfixed by murder trial
t Samsung Patent Found With A Design For A Round Smartwatch Face
b Huge Victory for Fast Food Workers
e Rolling Stones Return to the Road in Norway
t Tesla opens its patents to accelerate the EV sector
b Valeant vs Allergan: Street Unimpressed by Bigger Offer
t FTC warns Facebook, Whatsapp against privacy violations post acquisition
m Live: Ebola outbreak alerts outside Africa with fears virus will spread worldwide
b Janet Yellen says Fed examining additional bank rules
m Panda Ai Hin had a phantom pregnancy China zookeepers suspect
m High cholesterol may delay pregnancy
e 'The View' co-hosts Jenny McCarthy and Sherri Shepherd discuss post-show plans
e Coachella 2014: Artist live-painting work near Do LaB
e JB to be 'charged with criminal vandalism'
b TIAA-CREF Lands Nuveen in $6.25B Deal, WSJ Reports
e Michelle Obama to star on 'Nashville'
b One Wave of Pharma M&A Could Jump-Start Another
e Blake Lively, Beyonce, and Solange Make for the Best-Dressed Trio, Ever
e 'Goonies' Sequel Is Happening Because Goonies Never Say Die
m Other view: Ban e-cigarettes inside workplaces
b California farms pumping water to make up for drought
e 'True Detective' ends season with ratings high
m Autism may begin during pregnancy; rates soar, study says
e Ice Cube Comment At MTV Movie Awards 2014: For This Rapper, It Was Not 'A  ...
e Tracy Morgan's Condition Improves, Upgraded From 'Critical' To 'Fair'
e 'Keeping Up With The Kardashians' Spoilers 2014: Bruce Slams Kris Jenner  ...
t BlackBerry strikes deal to offer Amazon apps on BB10
b HSBC's China flash manufacturing PMI hits six-month high in June
e Matt Smith in teaser for Ryan Gosling's Lost River
e Lindsay Lohan slips into a wedding dress for 2 Broke Girls with Kat Dennings
b Market opens higher as global risks ease
t Microsoft rushes to fix two critical flaws
e '24: Live Another Day': What the Critics Are Saying
b US Congress estimates lower deficits for the next decade
b Zillow to Buy Rival Trulia for $3.5B in Stock
m U.N.: Spread of polio now a world health emergency
e Shaun White Surprises Superfan at High School Prom After Video Invite
e Common Continues To Climb 'The Ladder' To Success [NEW MUSIC]
b Why Do Banksters Get Help but Not Homeowners?
e 7 things that happened on the2013 Australian tour JustinBieber doesn't remember
e An ode to 'Orphan Black': Why we love this show, returning Saturday
t FCC Chair Changes Tune on Net Neutrality
t Oculus Acquisition is a Rude Awakening For Kickstarter Backers
b Hong Kong stocks flat at close
b US stocks rise on Citi earnings, retail sales
e Kim Kardashian Reports: Reality Star Hated by Her Own Daughter
e Watch: Miley Cyrus and The Flaming Lips' bizarre film "Blonde SuperFreak  ...
e Dublin City Council call on Aiken Promotions to 'reconsider' Brooks cancellation  ...
e Star Wars Episode 7 adds two more cast from open auditions
m Autism Awareness Day
b Australian Prime Minister Is 'Very Confident' That Pings Are Coming From Flight  ...
e Kanye West Disses Vogue Photographer Annie Leibovitz, Admits to Editing  ...
t Google reveals why Nest aquisition is valuable
t Angelakis: Divestitures Tied To Several Factors
t Climate change: It's real. We caused it. What do we do now?
e Muppets Most Wanted: Cast Chats How It "Doesn't Patronize Kids"
t Like sending messages to friends on Facebook? After this week, you'll need  ...
e Why Is Michelle Rodriguez Doing A Headstand In A Bikini And Why Is Zac Efron  ...
t NFL Sunday Ticket Will Be Available Without Satellite Next Season (Updated)
e Liza Minnelli sends Shia LaBeouf a copy of 'Cabaret' so he can see how it ends
t Apple versus Samsung case goes to jury but Google looms large
m Ebola kills 59 in Guinea: UNICEF, local authorities scramble to contain outbreak
e Game of Thrones Recap: People Who Need People
b Alibaba to promote French brands in China under new deal
b Global stocks flat after Putin comments; gold falls
t Apple's New iMac: Lower Cost, Less Power
t Samsung files for patent on ultrasound S Pen, might be for Galaxy Note 4
t Samsung announces Galaxy S5 mini, release tipped for mid July
e Robin Thicke trolled by Twitter users in Q 'n' A session
b Wal-Mart's new tool gives prices of competitors
e 'Californication' Series Finale Spoilers: How Did The Show End? Top 4 Moments  ...
b Google Inc (GOOG) Second-Quarter Earnings Miss, Revenue Beats Estimates
e Full House Reunion at Dave Coulier's Wedding -- Who Didn't Show?
b Bitcoin: Is virtual currency here to stay?
b Gold, silver regain on renewed buying amid global support
e Craig Ferguson Stepping Down as Host of The Late Late Show
b Gains widespread among demographic groups as US unemployment rate falls  ...
t Microsoft to axe Nokia feature phones amid massive layoffs
b State adds 8100 jobs in Massachusetts; unemployment falls to 6.3 percent
m VIDEOS: Illness, new to US, transmitted by mosquitos only
b Brent crude jumps to $107 per barrel
b UniCredit posts record Q4 loss of $21 billion as it cleans up balance sheet
t NASA's space Robonaut getting legs
t Largest flying bird had an astounding 24 foot wingspan
e Julia Louis-Dreyfus strips naked to simulate sex with a clown in GQ photo shoot
e Paul McCartney cancels Japan and South Korea leg of world tour due to virus
e Susan Sarandon: I'll be a fun granny
t Mozilla Cancels Launch of Windows 8 Browser Version
t GM unveils Chevy Corvette Z06 convertible
t Google gets the jump on April Fools with new “Pokémon Master” job listing
m Put down the bacon: Processed meat linked to higher risk of heart failure, death  ...
b UniCredit in stunning $21B loss, plans turnaround - WNCN: News, Weather for  ...
m Weed Use Up, Cocaine Use Down, US Report Finds
e Pippa Middleton's Royal Bridesmaid Dress: Where Is It Today?
e 'Dancing With The Stars' Season 18, Week 8: Dance By Dance Recap
t Apple Inc. share price up, negotiates with Comcast Corp. about streaming-TV  ...
b Citibank, BB&T Mortgage Interest Rates Jump Apr 17
e The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back  ...
e Mila Kunis Attempts To Hide Her Baby Bump Behind Channing Tatum's Muscles  ...
t White wreath laid for war objectors l
t Sprint Is Next to Give Free Trial Periods a Shot
m Massive blast of measles virus kills cancer
t SpaceX secures FAA approval for Texas spaceport
e Floyd Mayweather, TI Fight: Video of Stabbing Incident on Las Vegas Strip in  ...
e Garth Brooks' Five Ireland Shows Canceled
t Scientists discover why zebras have stripes
e Yahoo wants four original comedy shows tips source
e Grace Dent: Oh no! After Princes Harry and Andrew go, will there be any left to  ...
t Newly discovered planet on outskirts of the solar system nicknamed Biden after  ...
b Amazon revenue beats expectations and Prime video streams tripled yoy during  ...
e Shigeru Ban Named Pritzker Laureate 2014
b Asia shares down before China inflation data
e In The Wake Of His Recent Arrest, Has Shia LaBeouf Checked Into Rehab?
e Twitter's First Step With New Music Strategy: Billboard Charts
t PlayStation 4 leads jump in US sales
t Intel And Google Unveil New Chromebooks
t Apple to declare 'Holy War' on Google; concerns revealed over Samsung's  ...
e Lindsay's ratings, like the new Lindsay Lohan, are modest
b Job Growth Soars, Unemployment Rate Nears 6-Year Low
b Real wages could resume fall as "Easter effect" sees inflation jump to 1.8pc
t China bans government purchases of Windows 8
t Japan asked to revoke whaling permits in Antarctica
b Ryanair Launches 'Business Class' Benefits
t Fandango and Credit Karma fixed the security issue last year.
e 'Glee' stars Lea Michele, Chris Colfer's Twitter accounts hacked
b Eurozone PMI makes ECB move unlikely, Markit says
e X-Men director to miss film launch
e 'Fury' Trailer: The Killing's Not Done for Brad Pitt
b Facebook founder Zuckerberg earns $3.3 million on sale of share option
e One Direction members Louis Tomlinson and Zayn Malik filmed in 'marijuana  ...
b Conflict raises oil prices
t Dazzling meteor showers to light up North American sky early Saturday morning
b Use your debit card a lot? CFPB says you're more likely to overdraft
t On the ethics of Facebook experiments
e Several hospitalized at Avicii concert in Boston
t Satya Nadella risks a rough patch with new Surface tablets
b US import prices up 0.6%
e Noah review: Aronofsky's Biblical epic is long and flawed
b Boeing expects $5.2 tn in aircraft orders over next 20 years
e TEENAGE MUTANT NINJA TURTLES New Origin Revealed, Agent 13, Birds of  ...
e Madonna treated like 'royalty' at court
t 2014 MacBook Retina Release Dates: 12-Inch Air for Early 2015, MacBook Pro  ...
b How can Exxon's profit be up when oil, gas production are down?
e Valerie Harper clarifies 'cancer-free,' statement, says there was a  ...
b What's next in the stalled hunt for MH370?
e Justin Bieber apologises after posing near controversial Japanese war shrine
b NTSB cites pilot 'mismanagement' in fatal Asiana Airlines crash at San Francisco  ...
b Dollar higher vs. euro after ECB hints at action in June
b Inside Politics: Equal Pay gap reaches White House
b Officials deny report that missing plane kept flying for hours
e Poll: Weigh in on this week's 'Dancing with the Stars'
b Candy Crush maker King valued at over $7bn in bumper market debut
t Google is not looking to kill its Nexus program as reported
t Sony Confirms Battery Fire Risk with Vaio Fit 11A Laptop
t Buzz Aldrin on hand for moon landing 45th anniversary party in LA
m Bloomberg's ban on big sodas exceed city's authority, court rules
e Blake Shelton & Luke Bryan Challenge Ellen With Their Own Selfie At ACMs
b Williams's $6 Billion Access Midstream Deal Fueled by Fracking
e Hold on: Is Seinfeld's Wayne Knight dead?
e Edgar Wright leaves Ant-Man due to creative differences
e Journey to Easter: Palm Sunday
e Peter Mayhew To Reprise His Role As Chewbacca In 'Star Wars: Episode VII'
t Facebook would Like you to Buy directly on its platform
e Cameron Diaz: 'I was never interested in becoming a mother'
t Ford announces $500 million investment in Lima
e X-Men Days of Future Past opening fight scene revealed at MTV Movie Awards
t You Can Pre-Order Samsung's New $700 4K Monitor Right Now
e 'Game Of Thrones' premiere crashes HBO Go
t Could you get by with Office Web Apps?
m Girl Banned from School After Shaving Head to Support Friend with Cancer
b Coca-Cola sales up but bubbles down as noncarbonated drinks are on the rise
e Kourtney Kardashian Already Has A Beautiful Pregnancy Glow About Her, Even  ...
t Amazon to unveil smartphone in time for holidays:...
m Toxic Jerky Treats have killed more than 1000 dogs, says FDA
e 'True Detective' Season 2 Spoilers: Show Will Now Feature Three Lead Actors  ...
b Libyan army, oil rebels clash, 16 wounded
b Dow Climbs to Record as Internet Shares, Retailers Gain
e Columbus Short defends 'Scandal' family, admits alcohol abuse and denies  ...
e True Blood Season 7: First Footage!
e Watch Billy Joel & Jimmy Fallon's Duet of 'The Lion Sleeps Tonight'
e Beyonce, Jay Z to co-headline summer tour starting in Miami in June | The  ...
e Obama Releases Statement Paying Tribute To 'Brilliant' Maya Angelou
m what's the buzz
e Tiger Woods' Girlfriend Lindsey Vonn Is Good Friends With WHO?? Isn't That  ...
t Water from a stone: Tiny diamond contains secrets of Earth's mantle
b Eliminating Twitter COO position: the 'right move'?
e LISTEN: Future and Kanye West Brag About 'Trophies' Ciara, Kim Kardashian in  ...
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 release date due for IFA 2014 in Berlin
b Adjustable-Rate Mortgages: Sequel to a Nightmare?
e Carrie Fisher mostly mum on 'Star Wars' sequel
e Cannes lineup: Ryan Gosling, Bennett Miller, and 'Dragons' get festival showcase
b Downers Grove police warn residents of phone scam
b Twitter insiders pledge to hold on to substantial holdings
e Sony Seeks New Director for Steve Jobs Movie?
t New efforts, plan to save honey bees
t Apple in talks to buy Beats for $3.2B
e Standup comic John Pinette dead at 50 acted in Seinfeld finale - KCTV5
m Why MannKind, Momenta Pharmaceuticals, and Idera Pharmaceuticals Tumbled  ...
b Amazon aims to break from the pack with new Fire Phone
t GM: Four more safety recalls, 430000 cars - NBC-2.com WBBH News for Fort  ...
t Watch brightest Mars on darkest night
m Major breakthrough in the identification of Alzheimer's onset
t Giant Crater: Siberia Hole 260 Feet Wide Opens Up at 'End of the World'
e 10 Stand-Alone Star Wars Films Which Can Take Our Money Now
e Bergdahl's Former Roommate: He Needs to be Charged with Desertion
b IPO frenzy continues
b US: Wall St opens flat ahead of housing data
t Google gets ready to launch Android "L" Developer Preview
e Clouds of Sils Maria, review: 'bewitching'
e Josh Elliot to quit GMA for NBC Sports after 'he tried to negotiate raise following  ...
t Samsung's next smartwatch actually a 'watch-phone'?
t PR Newswire
m No surgery for former Bills QB Kelly for cancer
t Sony's PSN back online after service attack
e Steven Spielberg's Untitled Cold War Thriller & 'The BFG' Find Release Dates
m That little bit of smallpox the feds misplaced was alive and viable
b Passengers stage 18-hour sit in after flight is cancelled
e Maksim Chmerkovskiy & Meryl Davis: We're Not Having Sex!
b US Stocks Drop While Treasuries Gain on Spending Data
e Lady Gaga & Tony Bennett Standing 'Cheek to Cheek' at Album Premiere
t Apple Unveils iOS 8, Android Claims Mobile Operating System is Similar to  ...
b Video: Two airliners almost collide at Barcelona airport
e Taylor Swift Shows Just How To Flash Some Flesh At The ACM Awards
t New iOS Apps and Games of the Week: Transformers, Flappy Bird and More...
m Skip The Pelvic Exam, Says the American College of Physicians
t Samsung Galaxy Gear Live & LG G Watch: Features, Tech Specs & Price In India
e Free Cone Day 2014: Where to Find Ben and Jerry's in Manhattan, NYC
t iPhone 5S Beats Galaxy S5 According To New York Times
b Facebook Q1 by the numbers: $1.34 billion in mobile sales
e OMG: Kardashian Sisters Looked Like This Years Back! Photo
b Flight MH370: The unanswered questions
e Radio Host Casey Kasem Dies at 82
e Pre-Order Alien: Isolation and Get the Old Crew Back
m 11-year-old who lost ear to a raccoon as a baby to receive one grown on forearm
e 'Guardians of the Galaxy' successfully blasts off
t Snapchat Admits Its Photos Don't 'Disappear Forever'
e Growing Up Fisher: NBC Sitcom Cancelled After One Season
b Mega Conglomerate P&G to Cut Half of Its Brands
m WilCo ranked second-healthiest county in Texas
e Whoopi Goldberg Debuts as Writer for Pot Column on 'The Cannabist'
e 'DWTS' Recap: Shocking Partner Switch-Ups Are Contestants' Worst Nightmare
b Europe to be affected as Russia cuts gas to Ukraine
e Go Inside Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's Wedding Venue
e Director Marc Webb Discusses Cutting Shailene Woodley's Scenes From The  ...
b AbbVie, Shire Agree On Terms Of Merger
e American Idol Recap: The Top 10 Sing, Sort Of.
e Jay Z & No Doubt To Play Anti-Poverty Global Citizen Festival In NYC
b AT&T, too, would like to express its fondness for video streaming services
e CONFIRMED! Miley Cyrus on Capital FM Summertime Ball 2014 lineup
e Queen Elizabeth II makes Hollywood actress Angelina Jolie an honorary dame
e Heaven is for Real: Burpo Interview
e 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' poster causes 9/11 controversy in Australia
t THE SOCIAL NETWORK
e Demi Lovato Reveals Her Grandfather Was Gay at Logo's Trailblazers Awards  ...
b Crude & Brent Oil Fundamental Analysis June 17, 2014 Forecast
b Anti-GMO activists to rally against Monsanto
e 'Noah' Starring Russell Crowe & Emma Watson Gets 3 New Clips
b Alibaba Plans Equal Sway for Banks in IPO: Update
t Google-style driverless cars to be allowed on North Devon roads from next year
e True Blood review: The series finale misses the point
t The state of the YouTube community at VidCon 2014
e Contract talks in Metropolitan Opera labour dispute extended
e Beyoncé, Eminem & Iggy Azalea Lead 2014 MTV VMA Nominations
t Google Drive Drops Prices to $9.99 a Month
t Sony Xperia Z vs LG Nexus 5 (32 GB) : Sony Xperia Z marginally Ahead
e Fox unleashes X-Men: DOFP trailer
b Highway crisis looms as soon as August, US warns - 7News Boston WHDH-TV
t 5 Things You Should Know About Android Wear OS
e Bloom vs. Bieber, Round 2: Bieber taunts Bloom on Instagram as Leonardo  ...
e The Muppets Are The Most Wanted
m Guinea's Ebola victims wait for death
m Three NJ hospitals listed among area's best in US News rankings
b TJX earnings rise 5%
e Stunning Third Trailer for 'Game of Thrones' Season 4
b Volkswagen passes General Motors to take second place in global auto sales race
b Why Hillshire Brands (HSH) Stock Is Soaring Today
e The 'Revolution' Will Not Be Televised: NBC cancels locally shot show
e Kim Kardashian Once Kissed Stepbrother Brandon Jenner
e Miami mayor moves to block future Ultra Music Festivals
b Dow Jones eclipses 17000 on strong jobs report
m 26/06/2014WHO urges 'drastic action' on Ebola, calls 11-nation meeting
b Business briefs
b RPT-UPDATE 2-Independent Scania board members reject VW bid
e Lady Gaga does jazz duets with Tony Bennett on new CD
b China says Japan ship seizure unrelated to war reparations
t Climate changes put US historic sites at risk
e L'Wren Scott's Will Leaves $9M Estate To Mick Jagger
e Beastie Boys fight for rights to songs in trial vs. Monster beverage
m West Africa Ebola Death Toll Reaches 467: WHO
t Naylor wins with silver IIP award
e Avril Lavigne tweets support for ex-husband Deryck Whibley
b Air Products hires Rockwood chief executive as CEO
b Unemployment rate falls to 7% in July as Canadians leave labour market
e Film review: A Million Ways to Die in the West
t Microsoft to discontinue Nokia's feature phones
t Samsung Galaxy Note 2 Android 4.4.2 KitKat Update Is Rolling Hot & Heavy
m 2 drugs offer hope for fatal lung disease
t LG G2 update to KitKat now available to download
e Miley Cyrus Records Beatles Cover for Flaming Lips 'Sgt. Pepper' Tribute Album
e Video captures the power of a kiss between strangers
e Eminem Releases Touching Spike Lee-Directed 'Headlights' Video on Mother's  ...
m Feds propose e-cigarette regulations, including banning sales to minors
t Hackers hit eBay database containing personal info, users asked to change  ...
t Google Maps for Android and iOS update brings lane guidance, offline maps  ...
t Mars Mission Scientist Colin Pillinger Dies
e 'Dancing with the Stars' recap: It's party anthem night!
b India Morning Call-Global Markets
e 'Guardians of the Galaxy' Will Soon Be Guarding The Minecraft Galaxy
b Valeant says begins exchange offer for Allergan
t YouTube Announces 60fps Video, Fan Funding And New Music Show
e 2014 BET Awards: See Chris Rock talk Donald Sterling, Kevin Hart, more
b Mayor of wealthy LA suburb resigns after he was caught on camera flinging bag  ...
t Regulator extends net neutrality deadline
e Uh Oh! Beyonce Reportedly Shopping for Her Own Apartment
t Microsoft show off Skype Translator, a real-time translation tool
t 'Space cherry' tree stumps botanists
b FedEx Co. (FDX) Issues FY15 Earnings Guidance
b Asiana: Plane systems partly to blame in crash
m Ebola outbreak: West African states agree strategy
e Rob Kardashian appears drinking Sizzurp in leaked photos
e TV Review: This Week on Game of Thrones (S4 Episode 4/ April 27, 2014)
b Hong Kong pan-democrats must show true leadership
t Cool Your Drinks with a Cooler that's Way Cooler than Your Cooler
b City frets over BSkyB move to create European giant
t 5 Reasons The Apple-IBM Team Will Succeed
e Michael Jackson Anniversary
t Where am I? > Home > Ecosystems > New data on what Greenland was...
m Study looks to reap chocolate benefits without extra calories
t Arrow in Aereo's heart? Supreme Court says service undercuts broadcasters
t Facebook's Snapchat-like app 'Slingshot' now available worldwide
b Gold down on strong US jobs report
e First Album Of Unreleased Michael Jackson Songs In Over Three Years To Be  ...
e 'Dancing With the Stars' Season 18 Winner Revealed
b Laurent Fabius says mooted BNP Paribas' $10 billion US fine "unreasonable"
m New blood test can predict Alzheimer's with 90 percent accuracy
e 'The Voice' Results Recap! Who's In and Who's Out?!
b Chinese millionaire to serve a free lunch to 1000 homeless people in New York  ...
e Miley Cyrus cancels US gig after allergy drama
b Dairy industry applauds White House strategy on methane reduction
t Facebook under fire for manipulating users' emotions
e Dawn Of The Planet Of The Apes Reveals More Mo-Cap Images And Plot Details
e George Zimmerman's bloody autograph
t Apple and Google Call Ceasefire in Ongoing Patent Legal War
e 'Batman vs. Superman' Celeb Sightings: Ben and Jen Crash Detroit Kid City
e Destiny's Child Reunion: Beyonce and Kelly Rowland Join Michelle Williams  ...
m AP WAS THERE: Probable cause of AIDS found
b Shopping For Rates
e Film review: McCarthy's deranged 'Tammy' misses mark
t With Pro 3: Can Microsoft's Surface finally break through?
m 5 Things Facing Sylvia Matthews Burwell at HHS
e Emma Stone & Andrew Garfield Bring 'Amazing Spider-Man' to the City of Light!
t The OnePlus One smartphone is a denim-clad $299 Cyanogen...
b Fiat Chrysler plans to grow sales
t Worldwide software hacker 'may never be arrested'
t Windows XP comes to an end: Your guide to surviving the XPocalypse and  ...
e Add Another One! Pharrell Signs On As Coach For 7th Season of 'The Voice'
b European Shares Dip on Weak French Data
e Lady Gaga Is Some Kind Of Naked Bird-Woman In Her 'G.U.Y.' Music Video
e Andy Warhol computer artwork rescued from Amiga floppy disks
e Olivia Wilde's Baby Bump Stars in New Adorable PHOTOS [SEE] Jason Sudeikis  ...
e NOW TV resolves technical glitches during Game of Thrones s4 debut
m West Africa: WHO - West Africa Ebola Outbreak Among 'Most Challenging'
e New Divergent 2,Sequel Movie 'Insurgent' Definitely In The Works,Release Date  ...
t San Antonio under consideration for AT&T GigaPower
e Usher nabs first 'Voice' victory with Indianapolis native Josh Kaufman
e Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt Don't Have A Definite Wedding Date Yet!
t Illustris computer simulation creates the first realistic virtual universe
b Point man in Toyota relocation to Plano also helped bring Exxon to Irving
b Ackman's Pershing Square makes $171-million on Burger King wager
t Analysts: 30% of Android phones in 2015 won't access Google services
t LG G3 dummy unit spotted, features leaked ahead of Tuesday unveil
t Dept. of Homeland Security says not to use Internet Explorer
e Why I Won't Ban 'Bossy'
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West married? Conflicting reports over nuptials
e Celebrity News Malia Obama 'works on set of Halle Berry's Extant'
e Pitt and Jolie Onscreen Together Again in New Movie: Brad, Angelina Met on Mr  ...
e 20 Strangers Were Asked to Kiss For the First Time and It Was Strangely Beautiful
e Katt Williams allegedly pulls gun in WeHo; sheriff investigating
t Apple nabs Swiss watch executive for iWatch launch
b The death of the cupcake?
t SAP apps heading to Microsoft Azure cloud
e Brooks Wheelan not returning to 'Saturday Night Live'
b Social Media Stocks' Slump Not Yet Over
b ECB Nowotny: Low Inflation Rates Risk Decreasing Economic Growth in Euro  ...
b Amaya Gaming Buys Into US, Possibly Largest Online Gaming Company
t HTC-made Nexus 9 coming with aluminum body, 64-bit Tegra K1 chip and 2048  ...
b Ex-BP employee charged over BP stock sales after spill
m Across the Nation
e 'How I Met Your Mother' Finale Celebrates Ratings Success
t US FCC extends first deadline to comment on net neutrality
e Who needs a gym when you've got Kim Kardashian? Rapper says Kimmy makes  ...
b EIA bumps up oil, gasoline and natural gas price predictions
t What's Up With Verizon Galaxy S4 KitKat 4.4.2 Update?
e VH1 reality star Benzino wounded in drive-by attack by nephew in Mass., police  ...
e Billy Bob Thornton finds a TV home in 'Fargo'
e Stacy Keibler Sends Ex George Clooney Congrats for Upcoming Wedding to  ...
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport coming July 25
e How Stephen Colbert Cracked Into Comedy And Made It To The Very Top
b Major Averages Stage Recovery Attempt But Finish In The Red
t Mars rover sets off-Earth distance record
b Gazprom says China, Russia sign 30-year, $400B natural gas supply deal
t It is Your Destiny to Watch this Dev Diary
e Miranda Lambert shows off trim, sexy figure at ACM Awards
t Fire Phone unlimited free photo storage only applies to smartphone images  ...
t E3: Winners and losers from video-game show
b Wall St week ahead: Defense stocks in focus on Iraq crisis
t COLUMN-US Supreme Court looks backward in Aereo ruling: Frankel
b State charges 5-hour ENERGY with deceptive advertising
b FTSE 100: This morning's risers and fallers
e New Michael Jackson Posthumous Album Slated For Release In May
b John Cena Is an Ideal Opponent for Brock Lesnar's Return Match
b Eurozone banks face 260m euro bill
m How Risky Are Cell Phones to Your Child's Health?
e One Direction's lawyers looking into leaked smoking video
e Music Review: 50 Cent shows rust on 'Animal Ambition,' first release in 5 years  ...
t A laptop with trade-offs
e Justin Bieber 'Alone' In New Pic — Missing Selena Gomez?
b Charlotte home prices rising
t Microsoft delivers Office for rival iPad
e Acclaimed British Actor Richard Attenborough Dies At 90
t Lunar eclipse: When can I watch it in Los Angeles on Monday night?
m Five minutes of running everyday can help you cheat death for three years
b Publicis-Omnicom's rivals regret that merger has fallen apart
m Massachusetts' Deaths Fall After Coverage Expansion
e 'Guardians' blasts Marvel in different direction
e Blues legend Johnny Winter dies at 70
b European Bonds Climb on ECB Bets; Belgian Yields Drop to Record
e First-Look at Superman in BATMAN v SUPERMAN: DAWN OF JUSTICE (Super  ...
t Amazon Dash: The magic wand for those who love to shop
b 11 trapped in Honduran gold mine landslide
e Paltrow offers thanks to supporters in 'conscious uncoupling'
b Black: Sebelius Should be Fired for Her Role in this Train Wreck
t Competition not killing us, says Microsoft's new CEO Satya Nadella at Code  ...
t Apple's profit climbs, but cracks are showing
e Ricky Gervais skits send up 'House of Cards,' 'Orange Is the New Black' (VIDEO)
e Lindsay Lohan's TV Show 'Axed' By Oprah?
b GM recalls another 1.8m vehicles amid safety probe
e Ginnifer Goodwin and Josh Dallas Are Officially Living Happily Ever After
b Spot Gold Gains on Ukraine Tensions
t 5-year-old finds flaw in Xbox Live security
b Amazon says it's acquiring digital comics platform comiXology
e Tabloid Bild publishes picture of Kate Middleton's bare bottom
e Easter towards world awakening
t Steven Spielberg 'Halo' Show Could Air on Showtime
t 'Simple error' behind Heartbleed Bug
e Lady Gaga Performs at Closing NYC Venue
t 2014 Click it or Ticket Campaign Adds More Counties to Enforcement Zones
e SWA flight attendant turns safety talk into stand-up routine
m Discovery of West Nile virus in South Bay prompts mosquito fogging
b Why Toll Brothers (TOL) Stock Is Higher This Morning
m Link found between exposure to pesticides and autism
b Sony: Still A Walkman In an iPad Age
t Climate change: We have no solution yet
m California Whooping Cough Cases Reaches Epidemic Proportions
e Nikki Ferrell and Sean Lowe react to Nick Viall's Andi Dorfman sex reveal
m Seven portions of fruit and veg "better than five"
b Federal investigator: Chicago train wasn't speeding as it entered airport station  ...
m Children's Mental Health Conference Scheduled for Friday in Topeka
b Nathan Andrada – Fourth Estate Cooperative Contributor
b Honda profit rises 7 percent on cost cuts, Japan sales
e Broadway and cabaret actress Elaine Stritch dead at 89
t UPDATE 1-Sony sells more than 7 million Playstation 4 consoles
m Bariatric Surgery For Severely Obese Women Cuts Risk Of Uterine Cancer By  ...
m Researchers Find Link Between Pesticides And Autism, Developmental Delay
e #FlipThisDecision Campaign Calls on HGTV to Reinstate "Flip it Forward  ...
t Samsung's Head of Mobile Design Resigns Due to Galaxy S5′s Ugliness
b Nikkei snaps 3-day winning streak as market awaits US payrolls
t Space Station gets Easter delivery
b The View Of Volatility On Wall Street Could Swing At Midyear
t Facebook button lets users request relationship status
t Here's The 'Most Colorful' View Of The Universe Ever Captured [Video]
t Fall Out Boy Releasing 'Flappy Bird' Update 'Fall Out Bird 2.0'
m New guidelines on pelvic exams prompt debate
e 'Deliver Us From Evil': Movie review
b Twitter reports $250 million 1st quarter revenue, 255 million users
b PF Chang's, AT&T security breaches: BBB warns to monitor financial data
e 'Star Wars Episode VII' news: Han Solo hurt, Gareth Edwards talks and John  ...
b J&J Accepts $4.15 Bln Offer From Carlyle For Ortho-Clinical Diagnostics Unit
b Burger King Might Become a Canadian Company
t Creationists want time on deGrasse Tyson's 'Cosmos'
b White House Extends Obamacare Enrollment Deadline
e Sherlock returns to BBC1
t LG G Flex Android 4.4.2 upgrade roll-out begins
e Who gets Emmys boost after TCA and Critics' Choice nominations? 'Good Wife  ...
e Marvel Making The Falcon Into The New Captain America
b Greece ends market exile with triumphant bond auction
e Rob Kardashian Back in Public Eye after Months of Hiding; Continues to Struggle
t Happy Birthday! The Ford Mustang Turns 50
t Google Glass Available for Purchase Today
t Firefox for Windows 8 Metro dropped over low interest
b Pound Sterling to US Dollar (GBP/USD) Exchange Rate Eases from One-Month  ...
b Few pot stores ready for business on opening day
t Comcast Adds TV Subscribers Again, Defying Industry Trend
e Sansa Stark Blows Up Twitter After Sunday's “Game Of Thrones”
e The Shield's Michael Jace Formally Charged with Murder
b Coke, Pepsi dropping BVO from all drinks
b Jerk.com scammed money to remove Facebook-scraped profiles, says FTC
m Why you Should Eat More Dark Chocolate ?
e One Direction, Ariana Grande win at Kids' Choice Awards
m Polio spread alarms world health officials
e Prince and Warner Brothers surprisingly reteam
e Twitterati remember Maya Angelou's poignant work
t Report: U.S. Fisheries Trash Huge Amounts of All Sea Life Caught
m MERS patient released from Munster Hospital
t Google Glass Will Look Good Thanks to Its Alliance With Ray-Ban
e Pharrell Williams reduced to tears during interview with Oprah 0
b ECB watching deflation risks and ready to act: Draghi
t To show moods are contagious, Facebook manipulated users emotions
t Ford Puts Mustang Convertible on Top of Empire State Building
t GoPro Fetch: A camera harness for man's best friend
e Christina Aguilera's Replacement on 'The Voice' Is Just Right
m Rust Belt city is named the fattest in US
t We can't stop global warming unless we start eating a lot less meat
e Singer-songwriter Sia snags first No. 1 on US Billboard chart
t Insecticides are destroying honeybee colonies, Harvard researchers find
t Activision Blizzard Announces Better-Than-Expected First Quarter 2014  ...
b Deal allows Tesla to sell cars in Ohio, with limits
e The Potter Magic Won't Stop - J.K Rowling Penning Spin-Off Film Trilogy
b India central bank leaves rates on hold, as expected
e Jay-Z's Former Producer Involved In Extortion Plot Over Master Recordings
b New 12-sided £1 coin is said to be 'the hardest in the world to fake'
e Watch Johnny Winter Play Woodstock in '69
t Driverless Cars: More Testing is Vital, says Thatcham
b Chesapeake Bay Council Agree to Submit Plans to Fight Pollution
e 'Star Wars Episode 7' News: 'Major' Character Will Have 'Enthusiasm' That Will  ...
b Census Survey Revisions Will Hide Effects of Obamacare
e Original 'Star Wars' stars Harrison Ford, Mark Hamill and Carrie Fisher officially  ...
m Smoke a Cigarette or Go Insane: Which is Deadlier?
b Las Vegas Sands Earnings Can't Overcome Macau Woes
t Microsoft Unveils Skype Translator
m Exact Sciences' Colon Cancer Test Clears Key Hurdle, FDA Next
e Truck Driver Involved In Tracy Morgan Accident Speaks Out Via Twitter
e Tv - Tv Bosses Developing Live Production Of Grease
e Get On Up
m Authorities confirm second case of MERS virus in US
b GameStop's (GME) CEO Paul Raines on Q1 2014 Results - Earnings Call  ...
b Economists say inflation fears overblown
e 15 'Futuristic' Photos From The 1964 World's Fair
e Sum 41's Deryck Whibley Reveals Alcoholism Almost Killed Him
b American Eagle Outfitters Beats on Earnings, Misses Revenues; Gives Q1  ...
e Supreme Court weighs ripple effect of Aereo TV case
t Sony to pass on Android Wear, will use own SmartWatch platform instead
t Microsoft Slashing Up to 18000 Jobs, Its Biggest Layoff Ever
t Apple updates MacBook Air models with processor bump, $100 price drop
e The Falcon is the New Captain America
b Most metro Detroit-built cars, trucks fair well in better weather
e Miley Cyrus and Flaming Lips' Wayne Coyne get matching tattoos... of her dead  ...
m Tips On Reducing Threat Of West Nile Virus
m Biological Drug Works Against MERS Virus in Lab
m Lower back pain cause of most disability
t Fitbit For Windows Phone 8.1 Arrives
e Justin Bieber Wanted To Propose' To 'Future Wife' In Central Park, To Selena  ...
b Vatican bank profit slides as more clients scrutinized
e Gwen Stefani officially joins The Voice Season 7
m A look at the saltiest foods (with video)
t Windows XP support end: 10 steps to cut security risks
e Robin Thicke's 'Paula': Stream The Full Album
t Public-private US survey finds cybercrime rising
t Life in slow lane
e HBO Shows Will Soon Stream on Amazon, in Blow to Netflix
e Rolf Harris receives a 'grilling' in court
e American Idol: Malaya Watson and Alex Preston Shine
e Twitter partners with Billboard
e TV: 'X-Files' meets Victorian era in 'Penny Dreadful'
t Microsoft CEO signals course shift
t Galaxy S5 Pre-orders Open Tomorrow at AT&T for $199
e More Celebrity Names Unveiled on Lindsay Lohan's Conquest List
e 'Captain America' sequel sets April box office record
b China to create more small to mid-sized cities
b Fed to keep cards close to the vest
b Supreme Court limits EPA's authority to regulate carbon dioxide emissions
e Twitter fail: US Airways apologizes after tweeting pornographic image to  ...
b Yahoo Wants to Be Apple's Default iOS Search Engine
t Home News Earth Hour is tonight, but will anyone switch off...
e Steve Perry wows crowd after 19 year absence from stage
e Kardashian and Kanye West get married in Florence
t Chinese Android Phone Maker Xiaomi Preps Big Global Push For This Year
t Driverless cars set to UK trial in 2015
b Darden sells Red Lobster for $2.1-billion, targets Olive Garden turnaround
m Saudi officials should carefully weigh their statements regarding the source of  ...
t Google, Apple, Drop Patent Lawsuits Against Each Other (Sort Of)
e Gwyneth Paltrow And Chris Martin Split After Eleven Years Of Marriage
t Google Inc (GOOGL) now selling Nest on Google Play
m The Startling Link Between Dating Apps And STI Risk
e Bryan Singer Dropping Out Of All Press For "X-Men: Days Of Future Past" For  ...
b Oil climbs amid escalating conflict in Iraq
e Supreme Court Justices express concern on impact of their Aereo ruling
t Nearly complete T. Rex skeleton gets new home at Smithsonian Add to ...
e Avril Lavigne: Is Her 'Hello Kitty' Video Racist?
t Google Now's latest update helps daily commuters avoid traffic accident sites
m Deep-pocketed Florida doctor, political donor linked to Sen. Menendez back in  ...
b Google Earnings Report Shows Growth Faltering, As Costs For Staff  ...
m 8 Mumps Cases Reported at NJ College
t Russian official warns US sanctions will "expose" astronauts on International  ...
e The How I Met Your Mother finale was an April Fools joke
e Five questions for FX series 'Fargo' stars
b HP breaks from the Hurd
b ASEAN FMs Urge Restraint in East China Sea Disputes
e Watch every Zac Efron shirtless moment ever, because why not?
t Apple Unveils New MacBook Pro Models
t Samsung blurs the line between phone and camera (again) with the Galaxy K  ...
e Sigourney Weaver and cast return for Alien Isolation pre-order bonuses
e 'Godzilla': Topples 2014 box office numbers
t ASUS PadFone X to Land on US Shores, Pre-orders Beginning June 6
t Facebook 'Is Building App To Rival Snapchat'
b CBS Destroys White House Rhetoric on Gender Pay Gap; NBC and ABC Ignore
t Facebook's Secret Experiment: Now Investors Can Study the 'Emotional  ...
e Oprah Winfrey - Oprah Winfrey creates tea line for Starbucks
e Chris Brown thanks fans via phone call from jail
e GOZIRA! (Godzilla) Review
t Android L update for HTC One M8 to release within 90 days
t Apple's MacBook Pro with the best ever Retina Display has arrived
m Scientists find protein that helps sperm penetrate egg
e 'Wheel of Fortune' Contestant Makes Most Brilliant or Luckiest Guess Ever (VIDEO)
t Vulnerability in Internet Explorer browser allows hackers access to user rights
b Stocks log longest winning streak in six months
b Crude extend losses on waning Iraq, Libya supply disruption fears
m Vigorous daily exercise makes you twice as prone to heart attack, stroke: Study
e James Franco Reveals The Drive Behind His Renaissance Man Status [Interview]
b Business update: Mt. Gox finds 200000 missing bitcoins
b Another airline name to disappear soon: Last AirTran Airways flight set for  ...
e The Search, review: 'a generic wallow'
b UK unemployment down to 6.9 percent
e ONE THOUSAND YEARS OF SOLITUDE, SADNESS | World mourns death of  ...
t HTC Volantis tablet leaked
b EasyJet cuts first-half loss
m Study: Many C-Section births are unnecessary and risky
b Dark pool greed drove Barclays to lie to clients, N.Y. says
e Reading Rainbow Gets Hand From Seth MacFarlane
t Apple-Samsung case heads to jury, but Google looms large
e 'Batman' star surprises at kids' superhero party
e George Clooney Is Engaged to Amal Alamuddin
t Flappy Bird creator reveals new game
t Nokia scrapping Android, future 'X' handsets will run Windows Phone
t Apple Hopes Beats Co-Founder's "Ear" Can Help Amid "Dying" Music Industry
b Third Estimate of GDP for the First Quarter of 2014
t Dino Delivery: T. rex Arrives in Washington, D.C.
b US stocks rebound back on Monday
e Lindsay Lohan - Lindsay Lohan Reveals Secret Miscarriage
t Federal Authorities Probe Nissan Over Unwanted Acceleration Issues
b What Surge? Nation's Primary Care System Holding Up Well So Far Under  ...
b Factbox: Yellen, future tightening in spotlight as US Fed meets
t YouTube is (probably) buying Twitch for $1 billion
t PS4 sales surpass 7 million units
t T-Mobile And MetroPCS Detail Lumia 635 Release Plans
e Clueless actress Stacey Dash joins Fox News as a contributor after coming out  ...
t Facebook tests e-commerce waters with 'Buy' button
m Five possible cases of Anthrax being monitored in Hungary
e North Korea isn't the only country to freak out about a foreign film
t Report: Apple's Deal For Beats Electronics Is Still Going To Happen
m Concern grows over e-cig advertising seen by youth
e Courtney Love has, she says, solved the mystery of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370
b Seattle City Council set to repeal law that capped UberX, Lyft and Sidecar drivers
e Beyonce Wears Naughty Peek-a-Boo Bodysuit & Forgets She's a Mom (PHOTO)
t Comet Siding Spring Is Headed Towards Mars
b Libyan confict spells band news for crude oil prices
t Google Chromecast launching in more countries within weeks
t Heartbleed bug *can* expose private SSL keys
e Nicki Minaj MTV VMA performance video [FULL]: Watch 'Anaconda' and 'Bang  ...
e Kit Harington says his hair 'has its own contract' on 'Game of Thrones'
b Watsa: China Real Estate Bubble Unparalleled In History
e First Look: Joss Whedon's Film 'In Your Eyes,' Now Available on VOD
e Demi Moore: Should Ashton Kutcher have told Demi Moore in person about his  ...
t Google Search for Android now lets you take a photo or video with 'OK Google  ...
m Local e-cigarette industry grows with each puff
e Morrissey Cancels Remaining US Dates Due To Illness
t Millions of users' data secure in PlayStation network attacked, says Sony
t Researchers Find Direct Evidence of Cosmic Inflation
e Kathleen Parker: Is Rush humor (and irony) impaired?
m Free Falling MannKind Corporation (MNKD) Entices Options Bears
t Twitter's Facebook Redesign: How To Get Back Old Twitter Layout And Avoid  ...
e The Voice Recap: Kat Perkins, Sisaundra Lewis Capture Depth of Iconic Hits (4  ...
e Extant from outer space
e Kim Kardashian Learns A Vital Lesson In Leather
e This Is How Heidi Klum Rolls — With Jimmy Fallon, All Over The Floor!
e UN International Happiness Day
m Religion Makes A Brain Better, According to America's Brain Health Index
e Robin Thicke to Perform New Love Song For Paula Patton at Billboard Music  ...
t Destiny PS4 Beta to begin in July
e Move over, Martha! Ellen DeGeneres to launch 'the biggest lifestyle brand you  ...
t Google Glass Brings Fans Closer to Sports
b BlackRock grows AUM
t Google's self-driving cars now cruise through the neighborhood
b Here's Where Tesla Motors Inc Can Sell Their Cars [MAP]
b Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Shares Dive On Deliveries, Believe It Or Not
e Julia Roberts, Emma Stone read out mean tweets
e Maleficent's Darkly Beautiful Jewels
t Google buying Twitch (wha...
m Vials of decades-old smallpox found at National Institutes of Health
m MERS Death Toll Rises To 173 In Saudi Arabia; US Patients Released From  ...
b Higher 2013 US taxes surprise some investors, tax preparers say
t Criticism looms over Facebook's newsfeed emotion study
e Home > Robert Downey Jr > Robert Downey Jr.'S Wife Is Pregnant Again
t Apple's tech and Beats' street-wise fashion sense could produce compelling  ...
b As Amazon looms, Flipkart and Snapdeal strike $400 million in deals
m FDA Panel Unanimously Oks Approval For Two Antibiotics, Dalvance And Sivextro
b Urban Outfitters Rises Slightly After Record Q4 Results
e Katie Couric marries financier at her Hamptons home
b UPDATE 1-Coldwater Creek files for bankruptcy, retailer plans to close
t PSN Is Back Online
t AT&T And DIRECTV Argues Merger Will Boost Competition
b Choosing The Right Mortgage Is Important When Buying A Home
b Channel tunnel train evacuated after power cable fall
t UK Cinemas Prepare Ban on Google Glass Wearers
e Zac Efron stripped of his shirt at the MTV Movie Awards sparks accusations of  ...
e Movie review of Transformers: Age of Extinction
e A Streaker Makes An Unexpected Arrival At The Met Gala 2014! Avert Your Eyes!
e Justin Goes From Subpoena to Selena: Are They Back Together Again?
e Susan Sarandon: 'It's Important to Make An Ass of Yourself'
t How bold was Tesla's move to free its patents?
e Sam Claflin, Josh Hutcherson and Robert Pattinson complete ALS ice bucket  ...
b Swiss competition body opens probe into possible forex manipulation
t Apple iDevices hijacked, held to ransom
t Nokia slips the Microsoft ring on her finger this Friday
b Retailers Warn On Q1
e R.I.P. Frankie Knuckles, Pioneering House DJ
e Rapper Incited Riot at South By Southwest: Police
b Ryanair Plays Catch-Up As It Launches New Business Offering
e Miley Cyrus asks fans to 'snog' on Bangerz tour
m California : Whooping cough cases spreading across state
m Free Hepatitis A Vaccinations For Red Robin Customers In Springfield
e New Game Of Thrones Season 4 Trailer, The World's Fallen Apart
t Trending Stocks: Expedia Inc (NASDAQ:EXPE), Lafarge S.A. (ADR) (OTCMKTS  ...
m Could A 2-Year-Old Boy Be 'Patient Zero' For The Ebola Outbreak?
b Williams To Acquire Control Of Access Midstream For About $6 Bln
m Are Our Mobile Devices Effecting The Relationships We Have With Our Kids?
e Revenge caper descends
t Google releases its latest government data request transparency report
b U.S. ECONOMICS: Fed Discloses Results of Stress Test
m Pandas may fake pregnancies to lead better lives
t Apple updates MacBook Pro laptops, cuts price of older model
m Human nose can distinguish 1 trillion smells-Study
m Tennessee: Chikungunya confirmed in Madison County resident
t All about Nokia's 'new CEO' Rajeev Suri
b FOREX-Dollar hits one-month high vs yen, Swedish crown gains
e Spoilers for 'The Bachelorette 2014': Andi heads to Belgium in episode 10x07
t Netflix Chief Reed Hastings Rages Against Internet Tolls, Makes Case For Net  ...
e Listen to Jennifer Lopez + Pitbull FIFA World Cup Song 'We Are One (Ole Ola  ...
m Alzheimer's test brings new hope
b Men's Wearhouse buys Jos. A. Bank for $1.8 billion
b Zillow buying Trulia to build online real estate info titan
b Northwest Georgia's unemployment rate declines to 6.6 percent in April
b E-Plus, O2 merger in the bag
m Adding 3-D imaging to mammography increases detection rate
t Facebook is Working on a Snapchat Competitor Called Slingshot
b Will Baxter International Inc's Split Unlock Shareholder Value?
e In Twitter, Adele gave hints about the new album title
m MTV's 'The Challenge' star Diem Brown battles cancer for the third time
b ADM buys flavor company behind Capri Sun for $3.1 billion
t What Could Apple Inc. (AAPL) Possibly Be Thinking?
b Business update: Mt. Gox finds 200000 missing bitcoins
e Tel Aviv celebrates Pride Parade
m Treat Ulcerative Colitis and Crohn's Disease using Entyvio
b Oil Futures Lower on Libyan Supply Expectations
t Everything You Need To Know Before E-mailing The FCC About Net Neutrality
e Dancing With The Stars 18 Eliminated Drew Carey & Cheryl Burke In April 21st  ...
e Aereo Launches Advocacy Web Site
m $430 million needed to contain Ebola outbreak
m Slowdown In MERS Cases For Saudi Arabia, Iran Confirms 2 Cases For Disease
e Film Review: Andrew Garfield-Emma Stone chemistry saves 'The Amazing  ...
t Get down to the dinosaur disco: Prehistoric 'social area' in Utah packed with over  ...
e This Video of Morgan Freeman on Helium Is Everything You've Been Waiting For
e Clooney's engaged. Will the marriage last?
t Aereo Is “Over” Barry Diller Says As Court Ruling Lifts Stock Prices For CBS And  ...
b VIDEO: Train runs over women attempting to cross railroad bridge... and they  ...
e Dawes draws big Friday afternoon crowd to Hangout Fest main stage
e Proof: Neil Patrick Harris has a huge snake in his pants
e Ice bucket challenge drains islanders' water supplies
e Star Wars VII will be most expensive film of the franchise
m Drug Company Agrees to Give Dying 7-Year-Old Experimental Drug
b 24 Hours In 2 Minutes
e WATCH: First Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1 Teaser!
m Too much TV may increase risk of early death
e Photo: Chris Jericho & Edge At Rock & Roll Hall Of Fame 2014 Induction  ...
e Candice Swanepoel Tops Maxim Hot 100 List: Who Else Made the Top 10?
e 'Pretty Little Liars' Season 5 Spoilers: Big Spencer, Toby Secret To Come Out In  ...
b Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg's salary falls to $1
e Batman: Arkham Knight delayed to 2015
b PF, HSH: Pinnacle Foods Stock Soars on Hillshire Farms Deal Buzz
t Nokia warns customers of shock
b GM appoints new safety chief in response to recall crisis
e Who Skipped Kim & Kanye's Wedding?
e Kim Kardashian Falls Off Bike in Seemingly Staged Moment
e Michelle opens new costume centre new Michelle Obama, one of the most  ...
b Wall Street loses momentum as techs weigh on market
m Washington lake closed after 200 swimmers get sick from mystery virus
b Mortgage Application Volume Slips Again Amid Rising Mortgage Rates
e Critics hated 'Transformers,' but of course it didn't matter
e 'Game of Thrones' proves weddings aren't safe in Westeros [SPOILERS]
m Most breast cancer patients who have double mastectomy don't need it
b Yellen foresees continued low rates
e 'Captain America' continues to rule US box office
e 'The Voice US': Two Finalists Receive Record Deals
t 3D Printer 'Mink' that lets you print Make-up from your Computer!!
b German reliance on Russian gas threatens Europe: Poland
e Award-Winning Children's Book Author Walter Dean Myers Dies
e Kylie Minogue Honors Those Who Supported Her Fundraising Campaign By  ...
e Shia LaBeouf checks into rehab for alcohol problems
e Review 'Tammy' not much fun, and talented Melissa McCarthy needs to wise up
b Uber may join $10 billion valuation club in new funding round
e US Airways tweet photo goes viral, picture removed
b Last call on Metro-North
b US stocks tumble 2% in broad sell-off, Dow drops more than 300 points
m Child, vaccinated adult latest Ottawa measles cases
b American Apparel receives financing; competitor weighs in on Comcast deal
t Samsung working on Galaxy Alpha to combat Apple's iPhone 6
b Amazon Fire Phone offers 3D views and gesture controls
t How Google is being dragged into Apple and Samsung's court battle
b Lockheed Wins Space Fence Contract
t Astronomers Unsure Why Jupiter's Great Red Spot Is Shrinking
e 'Father of the Grooms?' Will a 'Father of the Bride' Trequal Feature a Gay Couple?
e HR Giger, The Oscar-Winning Creator Of 'Alien', Has Died
t Manuel Noriega to Sue Over Call of Duty: Black Ops II
e Sandra Bullock stalker was outside her bedroom
t Facebook Deletes Cheerleader's Big Game Hunting Pictures For Violating  ...
b State of Personal Finance: More Transparency, Less Complexity
m Fish and exercise combat colon cancer recurrence
t So Japan can't hunt whales any more? That doesn't mean they're safe
e Anna Kendrick Has A Bone To Pick With Pharrell At Her SNL Debut
t The Rare Lancetfish Washed Ashore in North Carolina
b Eurozone manufacturing output losing momentum; June regional easing, dips in  ...
b JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM): Profits Fall for the First Quarter
e Batman Ben Affleck Crashes Superman Themed Birthday Party
m Ebola outbreak: Has the highly-contagious Ebola virus hit Canada?
e Jerry Lewis: Is His View Of Women In Comedy Sexist?
e 'Fargo' the TV series premieres and you betcha it mesmerizes
t Do you plan on reading more books, thanks to Kindle Unlimited?
b ECB: Buying bank assets could be used
e Jack White's 'Lazaretto' Debuts at No. 1, Sets Vinyl Sales Record
b Banks pass stress test but they're not taking regulations seriously: Simon Johnson
t Manuel Noriega sues over video game
e Is Miley Cyrus Making Herself Sick From Partying Too Much?
e Get Olivia Pope's Style! Kerry Washington talks launching The Limited “Scandal  ...
b Sun Pharma Shares Slide After US Import Ban
t Is Apple Currently Developing Smart Earbuds? | News
t Netflix's payments to Comcast produce fastest video-streaming speeds in past  ...
m 'Vampire therapy' could reverse ageing, scientists find
e Chris Brown, Drake address beef on air at ESPY Awards in hilarious manner  ...
t ADVISORY/ Photos from Skylanders Trap Team Reveal Event in New York Are  ...
m Food Standards Agency: Now washing a chicken out can kill you
b Toyota remains at top in sales after first half
b P&G Delivers Third Quarter Core EPS up 5% to $1.04, Organic Sales Increases  ...
t New 21.5-inch iMac targets entry-level
e Report: Shaq under investigation for alleged assault at TNT studios
t Valve announces delay of Steam Machine and Steam Controller, possible  ...
b Is Bitcoin facing a takeover? Investors are rattled as mining group gains control  ...
e Selena Gomez Fired Her Parents
t Justice Department targets global cybercrime botnet
b New General Mills privacy policy prevents consumers from filing lawsuits
b Wal-Mart to Enter Used Video Games Market From Next Week
b Japan final June manufacturing PMI 51.5 vs. flash 51.1
e Led Zeppelin Sued Over “Stairway”
t Latest Tesla Model S Software Update: What it's All About
e Jimmy Fallon does Bill Cosby impression and gets carried away — by Cosby
e This Rotten Week: Predicting The Amazing Spider-Man 2 Reviews
t Wyden, colleagues to FCC: Protect 'net neutrality'
t Governor & First Lady Celebrate Ford Mustang's 50th Birthday
b Stock's Buzzers - GameStop Corp. (NYSE:GME), Netlist, Inc. (NASDAQ:NLST  ...
e Netizens doubt authenticity of ice bucket challenge video
e It Seems To Me: A few thoughts about mothers
e The Cross and our Work: A Meditation for Good Friday
t Samsung Ties-Up With Trek to Improve Cyclists' Experience
b No Going Back to the Cold War Transatlantic Bonds
t Friday 13th full moon won't hit again til 2049, last time was back in 2000
e WAIT, WHAT? Thor Is Now a Woman, Marvel Comics Reveals
e Solange Knowles reportedly got into an argument with a fashion designer before  ...
t Honda, Mazda, Nissan Add Nearly 3 Million Vehicles To Massive Takata Airbag  ...
t India main importer of Nigerian oil, overtakes US
e Brooks concerts in Ireland scuttled
t Apple releases iOS 7.1, fixes bugs, adds extra features
b Amazon enters comic book world with comiXology acquisition: A boost for comic  ...
b French Market Declines
e Jennifer Lopez Tweets Out AKA Album Cover, Dons Sexy Red Bondage Dress
e Macaulay Culkin's Pizza Underground tour fails to deliver
t Google starts selling Glass to Brits – for £1000 a pop
e 'Game Of Thrones' Season 4 Episode 3 Recap: 'Breaker Of Chains'
t Two Common Types Of Insecticide Found To Harm Honey Bee Colonies
b Wall St opens lower after S&P's record close
t Microsoft partners BesTV to launch Xbox One in China in September
m Spring cleaning reduces allergies
t UN court says Japan whaling 'not scientific'
b June factory activity grows at fastest pace since Feb
t PS4 continues US dominance as it outsells Xbox One for fourth consecutive month
e Country singer Brad Paisley posts selfies with Westboro members - KSLA News  ...
e The Future Of Television, As Decided By The Supreme Court
e Game of Thrones Review: A Life on Trial
m First Tenn. woman arrested on charges of drug use during pregnancy
t Biggest Dinosaur Weighing More than 77 Tonnes Discovered
t The problem with Google Glass...
e Mad Men takes off for final season with "Time Zones"
b Nissan's full-year profit jumps to $3.8 bn
b Amazon Buys Popular Digital Comics Platform Comixology
t Google buys Word Lens makers: Can you say better translations on more devices?
e George Clooney's Mum Approves Of Fiancée
e Miley Cyrus Set To Leave Twerking Behind For Hannah Montana Return
b Mark Zuckerberg's salary: $1 in 2013
b Compensation war rages over BP's US oil spill
e Toddling Prince George enjoys polo match with Duchess
m Mali remains free of deadly Ebola epidemic
e Planned Scarcity – Coachella 2014 Weekend 1 Day 1
t US announces $1.2B settlement with Toyota; Says company made misleading  ...
b Bitcoin now legal alternative to US dollar in California
b BMW plans USD 1 billion expansion in South Carolina
t Scientists discover gigantic underground water reservoir
b Estimate of Recoverable Monterey Shale Oil Slashed by Officials
e Twitter partners with Billboard as part of new music strategy
t First Supermoon Of The Year Rises On Saturday
m Tainted Ground Beef Also Shipped to Stores in Michigan
e Keeping Up With the Kardashians Recap - The Kardashian-Jenners Take  ...
t Gas up 2 cents in Rhode Island to $3.57 a gallon
t Take my phone, take my cash: why Amazon's Fire Phone gamble could pay off
e The New Bachelorette Could Put You in Jail!
b Duke Energy provides update on early stage progress and acceleration of ash  ...
b Target CEO Gregg Steinhafel to step down over December data breach
t Amazon ties new 4.7-inch Fire Phone to its services (Update 2)
b Retail Stock News: JC Penney Company Inc (NYSE: JCP), American Eagle  ...
b What you should know about your 401(k) fees
b Don't Let New Highs Scare You Away From Stock ETFs
e Local Studios Sue Megaupload
t Ministry for Primary Industries challenges status quo, moves to Windows 8.1
e IT GETS WORSE
e Hobie Alter, who revolutionized surfing, dies
b Tesla posts Q1 net loss of $49.8 million
e MLB Notes: 'Field of Dreams' hosts 25th anniversary in Iowa
t Rare bird returns from brink of extinction
t Microsoft will no longer snoop on customers' private communications
e X-Men: Days of Future Past new trailer offers more footage
e Kim Kardashian is already planning return trip to Ireland just weeks after  ...
e Watch Miley Cyrus go topless on horse in 'leaked' 'Adore You' remix pic
b AT&T to Buy DirecTV for $48.5bn
b Retail: Dixons and Carphone Warehouse post strong growth ahead of merger
b Train derailment kills 10, injures 100
t Embracing the cloud: How Microsoft is radically changing its vision
m A run can keep the brain young
t Intel President: Integrated, Smart Connected Devices Fuel Next Era of Computing
e Ariana Grande Releases “Break Free” Featuring Zedd
b Report: DirecTV could be acquired by AT&T within the next two weeks
e 'Divergent' Star Theo James Not Wild About His Barbie Doll
t Full moon falls on Friday the 13th
b Treasurys fall a fourth day after subpar auction
b European stock markets climb at open
e American Idol 2014: Top 10 Contestants Star in Gorgeous Black and White  ...
m First lady responds to school lunch critics
e ER Star Mekhi Phifer Files for Bankruptcy
e Romantic Or Desperate? Robin Thicke Names Next Album 'Paula'
e Tatum pushing for 'X-Men' role
b 11/06/2014Emirates cancels order for 70 Airbus planes: firm
m FDA approves long-delayed inhalable insulin drug Afrezza from MannKind Corp
e What really motivated George Lucas to pick Chicago over San Francisco?
t BIG changes ahead for iPhones, per report
t First Earth-sized planet found in 'habitable zone'...
b NC logs nation's 2nd largest jobs gain
e Shia LaBeouf walks through the media after leaving Midtown Community Court  ...
e Chris Brown Assault Trial Delayed + He Looks Pretty Rough In His Mugshot  ...
e 'I Shouldn't Have Said That': Jonah Hill Apologises For Homophobic Slur
b Barnes & Noble Inc to spin off Nook e-reader as sales decline
t UN warns of 'Profound' Risks Due to Climate Change
b Seragon's SERDs entice Genentech into potential $1.725 billion buy
e Michael Jackson: Fans arrive in Glendale to remember the King of Pop on  ...
t Yahoo Reportedly Working On YouTube Competitor
e Tori Spelling: 'My heart is broken'
t One of the Most Intense Meteor Shower Expected Saturday Morning
e Alice from 'The Brady Bunch' Dies at 88
e 'Homeland,' 'Meet the Parents' Star James Rebhorn Dies
e Man accusing 'X-Men' director of sex abuse sues more Hollywood execs
t Apple Monitor Says Contentious Relationship Improved
e N. Korea blasts Australian FM over 'slander' of Kim Jong-un
e Upholding Christ and the Constitution
m Intuitive Surgical Shares Jump as FDA Clears Robot
b Connecticut Hedge Fund Sentenced To Pay $1.8 Billion
e Kurt Cobain fans flock to home where he died to commemorate anniversary of  ...
b Hollande calls emergency meeting
b Authors Getting Screwed by Amazon-Hachette Showdown
t Busy week of experiments and spacewalk prep on the ISS
e Craig Ferguson Reportedly Leaving 'The Late Late Show'
e Graffiti Mocking UK Spies Looks Like Banksy's Latest Satire
t Gas prices remain high in US, dip slightly in Fla.
e MOVIE REVIEW: Inside football
e Harry Potter Returns in New Rowling Story
t Google Just Bought a High-Flying Drone Company
e Generations collide in 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' 0
b Rally By Tech Stocks Leads To Strength On Wall Street - US Commentary
e 'Weird Al' skewers bad grammar, grammar cops in 'Word Crimes'
t Renault-Nissan Alliance and Daimler expand cooperation with new plant in  ...
b India set to grow at 5.4% in 2014: IMF
t Apple WWDC: What Wall Street's Saying
e Venice: 'Birdman' Soars To Raves In Seamless Festival Bow
e Broadway viewers just weren't into a Tupac musical
t Google Glass Banned from UK Movie Theaters Over Piracy Fears
t 100 malware peddlers arrested across the globe over BlackShades RAT
e VIDEO: A 'bad day' in rehab costs Chris Brown his freedom
t Honda, Nissan, Mazda Recall Almost 3 Million Cars in Faulty Air Bag Fiasco
t NASA Researchers Discover Signs of Possible 'Exomoon'
b Australia, Japan agree on free trade pact
t More Proof that Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) will be a 'Charge' in China
b Juniper Networks Q1 Profit Meets Estimate
t What To Do If You iPhone Is Hacked And Remotely Locked
b Level 3 to Buy TW Telecom for $5.7 Billion -- 2nd Update
b Stocks lower ahead of economic news
e Karrueche Tran Beams As She Hits The Club With BFF J.Ryan La Cour, While  ...
e Celebrity news
m Food companies asked to lower salt levels in food
t Major smartphone producers agree to new anti-theft measures by July 2015
t Google Now: Finally on Google Chrome
e Bachelor Finale: Juan Pablo Dumps Clare Crawley For Nikki Ferrell (PHOTOS)
t FCC Commits $100M to Rural Experiments
b Argentina closer to contempt of court as it suggests bondholders to change  ...
b That's the Way the Cupcake Crumbles
e Beyoncé beats Obama, Miley and the Pope to land the cover of Time's '100 Most  ...
e Lindsay Lohan Almost Bails On These 2 Broke Girls, But Thankfully Kat  ...
t Google to Launch Android TV – We Already Know They Don't Own The Domain
e Lindsay Lohan is dating married man
t Facebook's Slingshot Takes Aim at Snapchat
b Asian markets hold their nerve for now, Nikkei edges ahead
m Report: W.Va. worker death rate twice national average
b Morgan Stanley's Profit Rises 56%
t General Motors recalls another 8.2 million vehicles
m Pharmaceutical company agrees to give sick 7-year-old boy medicine
b Petitions reveal details about lawsuits against Yellow Cab, Lyft, Uber
t Silent Circle secures $30 million in funding to expand Blackphone production
e Lorne Malvo, Billy Bob Thornton's 'Fargo' character, is right in the actor's  ...
t 'Netflix for pirates' brings streaming video to BitTorrent users
e 'Bad day' in rehab costs Chris Brown his freedom
e Lindsay Lohan's mom, Dina Lohan, accepts plea deal for drunken driving arrest
b S&P 500 closes above 2000 for the first time
t Amazon launches a shopping machine and calls it a phone
b One Of AT&T's Promotions Seems To Be Paying Off
e Game of Thrones - 'The Lion and the Rose': Share your reactions
b EU Hopes Russia, Ukraine To Remain Reliable Partners In Gas Delivery  ...
e Ben And Jerry's Celebrates Anniversary With Free Cone Day
e Call to Boycott Barbaric Brute of Brunei Dorchester Hotels
m Ebola Deaths Hit Eight
t Report: Sunday Ticket to be available without satellite subscription
e 'The Bachelor 2014' Juan Pablo Galavis and final pick share updates with viewers
e Sweet, clever, happy, sad: 'The How I Met Your Mother' finale, it was 'legendary'
e Game Of Thrones: Who Gives Shocking Testimony At Tyrion's Trial To Get  ...
b Hess stations to fly 'Speedway' banner after sale to Marathon Petroleum for  ...
m Paralyzed men call implanted electrical device a 'life-changer'
m Pakistan to challenge WHO's 'polio' travel ban
e Big Content goes after Kim Dotcom
e 'Noah': Russell Crowe gets wet in Biblical tale (review)
e Notre Dame Trick Shot Monday – Ice Bucket Challenge Edition
e Ed Speleers a Star Wars contender
b Commissioner Koskinen: IRS Works on New Rule for Nonprofits
t Microsoft to Lay Off 18000
t Apple's iWatch coming in September alongside iPhone 6, report says
b Consumer Sentiment Dips
m Why the fist-bump could save humanity
e Leonardo DiCaprio Dancing to MGMT at Coachella: Oh Dear
e Selena Gomez and Miley Cyrus "Battle" At Chelsea Finale Made Up By  ...
t 10 Things You Need To Know Before The Opening Bell
e Game Of Thrones 4.03 “Breaker Of Chains” REVIEW
e Despite Stabbing At Meek Mill's BET Pre-Party, Award Show Proceeds As Normal
e Bobby Womack, soul singer and song writer, dies at 70
b Abercrombie is getting rid of its built models, nightclub vibe to lure back shoppers
e 411 Box Office Report: Captain America: The Winter Soldier Reigns For a Third  ...
e President Obama to attend Easter services at 19th Street Baptist Church
t Dozens of Venture Capitalists and Tech Giants join hands against FCC's Net  ...
t New Facebook feature will recognise, share users' music, TV shows
t Novartis, Google To Develop 'Smart' Contact Lens
t Misfit, Pebble Partner to Bring Fitness Tracking to All Pebble Users
e HBO/Amazon Deal Could Impact Netflix (NFLX) Price Increase, Stifel Says; But  ...
b P.F. Chang's acknowledges loss of customer data
e Justin Bieber taunts Drake Bell after stealing his thunder at album launch
b Twitter reports second quarter revenue increased 124%
e Check out the first Dawn of the Planet of the Apes Trailer
b Surprise student loan co-signers rule squeezes some borrowers: feds
e Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin had therapy
m American College of Physicians says most women don't need pelvic exams
t Apple iWatch expected to be unveiled alongside iPhone 6 on September 9
t NSA said to have used Heartbleed bug
b RBI likely to maintain status quote on rates
e New TEENAGE MUTANT NINJA TURTLES Poster Causing Controversy
b Business update: Fed slows bond buying with fifth monthly reduction
e Angela Bassett directing 'Whitney Houston' for Lifetime
t FTC Conditional Fine With Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) Acquiring WhatsApp
t Heartbleed Especially Risky for SMBs
e Diane Sawyer to step down from 'ABC World News'; David Muir to replace her
e Word to the Wise: Do Not Test Wale
b Watch Two Planes Come Devastatingly Close To Colliding At The Barcelona  ...
e Mary-Kate Olsen shows off engagement sparkler with Olivier Sarkozy
t Any.do celebrates 10 million user milestone with web app release
m Japan Institute Finds Misconduct in Stem-Cell Studies -- Update
t NASA's Hubble Shows Jupiter's Great Red Spot is Smaller than Ever Measured
e Idina Menzel Starrer 'If/Then' Navigates the Road to Broadway
e The world's most famous stamp
m Petco removing all China-made dog and cat treats from shelves
e Ariana Grande Teases New Single "Break Free"
e [WATCH] Jimmy Fallon duets with Billy Joel on 'The Tonight Show'
e Weekend box office: 'Captain America' flies ahead of 'Rio 2' in close race
b Biotech Bugaboos: Waxman, Weak Hands or the Fed?
b Attorney general: Banks may face criminal cases soon
t Playstation network taken offline
e VIDEO: GMA Officially Welcomes Michael Strahan to the Team
t Surface Pro 3 128GB Model Delayed, Now Ships on June 30th
b UPDATE 3-GameStop shares fall as 2014 forecast disappoints
e VIDEO: Mick Jagger pays tribute to longtime love L'Wren Scott
t North Carolina driver captures streaking meteor on dash cam
b Obamacare to cost less than first projected
b FTSE firms as miners fly on China data
e Mike 'The Situation' Sorrentino Arrested for Fighting in a Tanning Salon
b Blast on site of explosives plants kills 1
m African Health Ministers Meet to Address Ebola Outbreak
t European Commission warns Google, Samsung on smartphone patent abuse
b Yellen sees little threat to financial stability from very low interest rates
e Disney Parks Celebrate 50th Anniversary of “it's a small world”
t General Motors Recalls Over 8M Vehicles - Analyst Blog
e Brandy's Daughter Sy'rai: What Does She Look Like Now? (PHOTO)
m Married people less likely to suffer from heart conditions, study says
e The Black Keys Coming To Rochester
t Driverless cars trials in UK to start by early 2015
b Advisory firm wants Target board ousted
e Kim Kardashian Shares Honeymoon Bikini Pics!
b New home sales fall, but US economy stays on solid ground
m Exclusive: Specter of SARS weighs on CDC as MERS virus lands in US
b Feds: Biofuels Worse For Environment Than Gasoline
e Morrissey has canceled his tour—again
b Devastating disease drives up pork prices
b UPDATE 4-"Candy Crush" maker sees up to $7.6 bln IPO valuation
e Locals Sound Off On Draft Day
e Peche Seafood Grill named Best New Restaurant in US at James Beard Awards
e This Man Made a Hilarious Video About Being Stuck Overnight in a Vegas Airport
t Google Glass banned in UK cinemas
t Driverless Cars To Be Allowed On UK Public Roads By Next Year
m Medicare payments to doctors reveal specialists as big winners
e Miley Grew Up On A Tour Bus, Says Mum Tish Cyrus
e Dozens hospitalized during DJ Avicii show at TD Garden
m Heavy metal fan's brain bleeds from headbanging
t Apple And Google Settle; Good, The Patent System Seems To Work
b GLOBAL ECONOMY WEEKAHEAD-China may make the weather despite Fed  ...
m Know your heart disease risk factors
b Missing MH 370: Chinese relatives of passengers threaten to go on hunger strike
b Argentina debt: Holdouts mull over 80¢ on the dollar
m West African Ebola spreads
t NY judge approves $1.2B fraud penalty against Toyota
m Will you marry me? Maybe. It depends on your DNA
t The industrial internet gets its own standards organization, drenched in puffery
t Twitter User Profile Redesign
b Tiffany swings to Q4 loss on Swatch settlement; 13 new stores planned
m Number of kids with autism rises again – now 1 in 68
b Other than e-commerce, Alibaba now expands
m Officials probe 8 confirmed cases of mumps at New Jersey's Stevens Institute of  ...
b China seeks satellite data evidence on missing Malaysian plane
b Fed's Fisher: Low Rates Will Stay as Long as Inflation Under 2% --Update
e E! Ends Chelsea Handler's Late Night Talk Show 'Chelsea Lately' After Seven  ...
e Read SPIN's 2009 'In My Room' Feature on GWAR's Oderus Urungus
e Editorial: Our long distance dedication
t UN: Growing threat from global warming
t Project Ara conference recap: Beta by Q1 2015, tablet plans hinted
b Motorola Solutions Sells Enterprise Business to Zebra for $3.45B
t Feds to require rearview cameras in new vehicles in 2018
t Meteor streaks through the skies over East Coast
e LOCAL > President Gül, PM Erdoğan congratulate Palme d'Or winner Ceylan
e 'Star Wars: Episode VII' Filming Gets Underway
e Venice Review: Alejandro González Iñárritu's 'Birdman' With Michael Keaton  ...
t Gear Fit first impressions and device compatibility
t Meteor shower could delight North America
t LG G Watch jumps in line as one of the first Android Wear smartwatches
t Angry about Facebook's emotion experiment? The problem lies with you as  ...
e Pippa Middleton Bum Style Fame is a Blessing and Curse: Kate Middleton's  ...
e 'Idol' judges Lopez, Urban, Connick to return for next season
b Icahn: I don't talk positions BUT… I might be buying eBay; Likes Ackman
t VIDEO: US says Toyota to pay $1.2 billion penalty over safety issues
t The Mythical Fire-Mountains of the Cascades
t Samsung Galaxy Note 2( N7100) vs LG Nexus 5 (16 GB) :LG Nexus 5 wins
b Mortgage Rates Hit Seven-Month Low
t Some Michigan Comcast customers moving to Charter
e Demi Lovato in a MASSIVE Twitter rant!
b Can the Nasdaq Turn This Bounce Into a True Reversal?
t Twitter's eight most amazing moments
m Mental illness may cut life span by seven to 24 years
b Allergan Nears Formal Rejection of $46 Billion Valeant Offer -FT
e American Idol 2014 Spoilers: Movie Night For Top 11 (VIDEO)
e The Bachelorette 2014: Can Andi Dorfman Trust Nick Viall? (POLL)
e Michael Bay to Transformers critics: 'What movie are you watching?'
b Hillary Clinton's Fox News Appearance.
b Protesting postal workers question 'backroom deal' between Staples, USPS
m Study Shows Effect of Vaccination on Spread and Diversification of Bordetella  ...
e Email/Password cannot be empty
e Kermit, Miss Piggy, James Franco & Seth Rogan Spoof Kim & Kanye's Vogue  ...
t Destiny Beta Coming In July
b US stocks open higher after slumping for two days
e Tammy - film review
b Canada Monthly GDP Grows Weaker-than-Expected 0.1% in April
e Film on Whitey Bulger trial set to open
t Internet Explorer warning issued by US Department of Homeland Security
m You are here! Home > Features Analyses > Sip coffee daily to prevent eye damage
e 'Journey to Easter': Hop over to the blog
m Saudi minister sacked as MERS toll rises
e Richard Attenborough: 10 jewels from a glittering movie career
e Insane Clown Posse Lawsuit Against FBI Dismissed
t Climate change could make humans extinct, warns health expert
e Terry Richardson denies propositioning model for sex
b The Recovery Doesn't Look As Good After A Revision Buried In Today's GDP  ...
t iPhone 5s remains world's best-selling phone, iPhone 5c takes number 5 slot
m Jim Kelly Will Not Undergo Surgery for Cancer Re-Occurrence
t Google has sold "millions" of Chromecasts, plans to launch in more countries in  ...
t Nest announces it is acquiring Dropcam
b May Existing Home Sales: Form Over Substance
e Insane Clown Posse lose lawsuit over FBI report
e Mayor Garcetti wins Stanley Cup bet; de Blasio has to sing 'I Love LA' on 'Jimmy  ...
b Moody's Places Hillshire Brands (HSH) on Review for Downgrade (PF)
b BB&T Bank Mortgage Interest Rates Edge Down Mar 12
t The Assembly Announced For PS4 And Project Morpheus, Trailer Inside
e VMAs' Top Moments: Miley's Homeless Man, Beyonce, More
e This Weekend at the Box Office (June 13-14-15)
m Mosquito spraying for Niles and Morton Grove rescheduled
t GM recall woes reach China shores
t Weekend news round-up: Google wants to fix your TV, Twitter ads strategy
m FAA probes communication between controller, pilot
e Passion of Jesus Christ play Friday in Kingsburg
m ACC: CoreValve Bests Surgery
e Jolie feted by Queen Elizabeth II
t A smartphone for Amazon, but is it a smart move?
e Rowling Resurrects Harry Potter But Daniel Radcliffe Won't Play Him Again
b July 17, 2014, 9:25 pm
b Big Money In Dollar Tree's Acquisition Of Family Dollar
e NWA Biopic Update: Actors to Play Ice Cube, Dr. Dre and Eazy-E Revealed
t Nintendo planning new hardware specifically for “emerging markets”
e Diane Sawyer stepping away from anchor desk
e Keith Richards' Picture Book Out This Fall
e Home / News / WATCH: Chris Rock mocks Jay Z and Solange at the BET  ...
e Nas Documentary 'Time Is Illmatic' Premieres at Tribeca Film Festival
m Hepatitis A Risk at Springfield Red Robin
e Mama Bear Rescues Cub in Astounding Display of Motherly Love (WATCH)
b Second-quarter Earnings Season To Be The Next Catalyst For The Market  ...
e Futuristic fashion: Dress like a Divergent
b Comerica (CMA) Confirms Fed Approves Capital Plan Providing for $236M  ...
e MAG: Kim Kardashian Demanding Family Follow Kanye West's "Style Rules"
e Gwyneth Paltrow: Moms who work 9-5 have it easier than A-list actresses
e 'Holler If Ya Hear Me,' Tupac-inspired musical, will close Sunday
e Coachella 2014: A bus ride to the festival with AlunaGeorge
t Apple iPad goes pro with a planned 12.9 inch version coming in 2015
t Samsung Galaxy S5 price in India between Rs 51000-Rs 53000, to be available  ...
b Toyota, US nearing $1B unintended acceleration settlement: report
b Syrian chemical weapons moved onto US ship for destruction
e Ming-era wine cup sells for $US36m
m Doctors implant lab-grown vagina
b As They Do, Not As They Say
t 'I like big butts and I cannot lie, hackers take Pinterest on a joyride'
b Alibaba takes it to a whole new level
e Kris Jenner's Bikini Instagram — Copying Kim Kardashian?
t Apple Inc. Tops Tablet Satisfaction Survey; Stock Banks on Catalysts to Soar  ...
b Germany outpaces flat European shares
e 'Friends' coffee shop 'Central Perk' to open in New York City
e Johnny Depp and Amber Heard host star-studded engagement party in Los  ...
m Olympic champion to start rehab after severing spine in ATV accident
b Consumer Confidence Index in US Increased to 85.2 in June
e Emma Watson reveals make-up, hair products behind her red carpet look
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 vs Samsung Galaxy S4 - The Best Specifications  ...
e Photos of Kate Middleton's bare bottom in German tabloid cause royal uproar
t Christie signs gambling self-exclusion bill
e What went down at the 66th Primetime Emmys
t Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) Associates With Panasonic Corporation To  ...
e Miranda Kerr: Orlando Bloom, Justin Bieber Fight is 'Very Embarrassing,' Model  ...
e Jenny McCarthy and Sherri Shepherd are out at The View
t Moto E images leaked ahead of its launch on May 13
b Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) news: Gilead discounts Sovaldi 99% for Egypt
t Surface Pro 3 teardown shows the perils of sleek design: Thinner glass, harder  ...
b Port Authority Names New Security Contractor For WTC Site After Security  ...
b Wall Street: Yahoo boosted by Alibaba growth
t Seven octa-core Android smartphones you can buy under Rs. 20000
e Did Pope Francis stand Noah stars Russell Crowe and Darren Aronofsky up in  ...
b JPMorgan's Dimon has throat cancer
e Katherine Heigl's Duane Reade lawsuit exposes legal murkiness of brand tweets
t Samsung Brazil lost $36m worth of phones and devices in armed robbery
b Plosser: Fed May Have to Accelerate Tapering Pace
t FCC Chairman: New Internet Rules Will Be 'Tough' and 'Enforceable'
e Close Race but the Winner of “The Voice” 2014 is….
e James Franco: My naked selfies are just giving people what they want
e American Idol 2014 Judges, Winners, and Recap: Watch the Top 9 Sing "I'm With  ...
b Apple 'on verge of buying Beats Electronics'
e Justin Bieber dedicates song to Selena Gomez at SXSW show
t Biggest ever bird had over a 20-foot wingspan, lived 55 million years ago
t HTC M8 Has Bigger Screen, But Same Megapixels
b Oil price falls below $104 a barrel after soaring on militant gains in Iraq
m 3 new MERS deaths in Saudi Arabia
t Now shoot and send pictures instantly with Facebook Messenger for iOS and  ...
b EMC Corporation (EMC) Is Today's Pre-Market Laggard Stock
t Fix on the Way for Windows 8.1 Upgrade Problems
b Tokyo stocks slip 0.36pc by break
e Scotty McCreery Victim Of A Terrifying Home Invasion! Held At Gunpoint In The  ...
e David Muir to replace Diane Sawyer on "World News"
e Chris Hemsworth, wife welcome twin sons
e VIDEO: Shailene Woodley Talks New Film DIVERGENT on 'Fallon'
m Ebola ruled out in case of sick Saskatchewan man
b Libya's Prime Minister Ali Zeidan ousted by parliament after rebel oil tanker  ...
m Eat 7 servings of produce daily so as not to court death more swiftly
t Facebook emotion study examined by privacy commissioner
e Disney TV exec Anne Sweeney leaving to direct TV shows
t Facebook Offers Up Behaviorally Targeted Ads
t Facebook Users Stunned by Secret FB 'Mood' Experiment
e Fifty Shades of Grey trailer is most-watched of 2014
b Metro-North worker killed by train
e Stars Mourn Passing Of Music Icon Bobby Womack, Pay Tribute Online
b Cupcake Shop Crumbs Plans to Shutter All Stores
e 25 Stunning New Images From Marvel's 'Guardians Of The Galaxy'
b Mt. Gox suddenly finds 200000 missing bitcoins, worth over $115M
t Smoggy Paris limits drivers to every other day
b Draghi says EU governments must think harder about creating growth
t Facebook rolls out 'Nearby Friends' location-sharing feature
b Sony's top executives to return bonuses: Nikkei
t Fourth Of July Offer: Nokia Launches Lumia 635 On T-Mobile For $119.95
t Nokia's Rajeev Suri makes Manipal Institute of Technology proud
b Livery free or die: Opposition grows in Cambridge over proposed Uber regulations
b Pfizer admits defeat and scraps AstraZeneca bid
e New season, new taglines for ladies of 'The Real Housewives of New York'
t HTC One M8: HTC refocuses with 'selfie' camera and sleek design
e Church News-April 11
e 'Transcendence' Review
e Seth Rogan, Judd Apatow Slam Washington Post Op-Ed Writer Ann Hornaday
e Will Smith investigated: Actor probed over daughter's scandalous photo
t Samsung Galaxy Mega Second-Generation Line up Coming Soon [Report]
t Report Suggests 44% Of Twitter Users Have Never Tweeted Even Once
t Odor-resistant gym clothes delivered to International Space Station
e Watch: WWE airs touching tribute to The Ultimate Warrior
t First Asteroid With Rings Discovered
t Fossil of biggest-known flying seabird found
m What is Ebola and why does it kill?
b Valeant Pharmaceuticals May Be Allergan's Best Offer: Analysts
t Amazon Reportedly Testing Unlimited Monthly eBook Subscription Service
m Americans remain in 'grave condition' as worsening Ebola prompts evacuations
e It's Over! Nikki Reed and Paul McDonald End Their Marriage
m OFW NURSE INFECTED WITH 'MERS' ARRIVES IN MANILA
b Fannie, Freddie to Pay $10.2 Billion in Dividends to Treasury--Update
e Neil Patrick Harris Curses at Fan During Hedwig and the Angry Inch Broadway  ...
e Craig Zadan, Neil Meron to Produce Oscar Show Again
t Snowden: Proposed NSA reforms 'vindicate' his actions
b Overnight Markets: Wall Street ends unchanged after six-day rally
t Microsoft CEO Tweets About Office Taking Top 4 Spots In App Store
e Upfronts 2014: Networks Widen Pitches to Include More Platforms, Longer Time  ...
t Sony Xperia N1 Concept Phone Shows Up: Combination Of LG and Samsung's  ...
e Robert Downey, Jr.: 'My Son Has All The Support He Needs Following His Drug  ...
t OnePlus One Will Tout Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 Processor
m Marijuana rally planned at Mass. State House
e 'I did NOT wake up like this!' Emma Watson reveals her red carpet secrets
b Controversial Alaska mine project wins one in Congress
t Southwest, Southeast Alaska Face Highest Risks From Ocean Acidification
t Youths accused of sex assault
b FAQ: A big day for the ACA
t Upstate teen told to take off make-up for driver's license photo
t Report: Teens need to drive safer cars
b BNP Replaces Top Compliance Officer After US Fine
t Electric Car Maker Tesla Handing Over the Keys to its Technology
b Online shopping boosts FedEx profit in 4Q
e Pixar Announce Sequels For 'The Incredibles' And 'Cars 2'
e Review: 'Purge' sequel gets it all out of our systems
m USDA overhauls decades-old poultry inspections in effort to improve food safety
t Scientists find 14 'dancing frog' species in troubled Indian habitat
e Photos: People Are Already Claiming Spots For The Fireworks
b Commodities: Iraq violence sends oil prices surging towards $115
m Obesity linked to ovarian cancer risk
e Brunei's new laws affect Hollywood
t NASA tests new vehicle, parachute for future Mars missions
b Judicial Watch Files Two FOIA Lawsuits Against HHS to Obtain Information on  ...
m POLITICAL NOTEBOOK: Senators continue autism advocacy at the Georgia  ...
b IRS Puts Bitcoin Investors on Notice
t The ringed asteroid
e Weird Al swaps 'Royals' for 'Foil'
t Act fast to curb global warming, or extract CO2 from air
t Google to introduce glucose-sensing smart contact lenses (VIDEO)
t Seafood's Dirty Secret
t Nest and the battle to control your heating
t 45 Years Later, Remembering Apollo 11
m Is this the most misguided Dove campaign yet?
t Google updates terms of service to reflect scanning user emails
b What American Apparel CEO Dov Charney's ouster says about the new world of  ...
b US slams Turkey's Twitter banPublish Date: Mar 22, 2014
e Game of Thrones season 4 episode 3 recap: 'Breaker of Chains'
e The Rolling Stones Resume World Tour
t Spacewalking astronauts successfully replace dead computer at ISS
b Rana Plaza survivors get first compensation payments
m Young blood may reverse aging process
m A Taste of the Mediterrean: Are olives a fruit or a vegetable?
e Man suing 'X-Men' director Bryan Singer says he reported abuse; his claims  ...
m Ebola outbreak in Guinea unprecedented - MSF
e AP source: Speed, about 90 mph, not mechanical problems caused actor Paul  ...
m Too fit for Planet Fitness? Woman says staff said her 'toned body' intimidated  ...
t Google Bans Porn Ads From Adwords And Search Results
e 'The Voice' Picks Replacement Judge For Season 7
t Bring On This Facial Recognition CAPTCHA Already
e Understanding the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge
b UPDATE 1-BNP pleads guilty again in $9 bln US sanctions accord
t AT&T Can Walk Away From DirecTV Deal If NFL Sunday Ticket Not Renewed
m Pinay nurse dies of MERS
e Blues legend Johnny Winter dies at 70 in Zurich
b GameStop Heads South on 4Q Miss
b Kansas shows small population growth
e C-SPAN Blanketing Aereo
b AT&T to buy DirecTV for $49 Billion
t Trend Micro Report Details Exploit That Could Brick Your Android Device
b Biotech plunge sends stock market reeling; down 266 points
e Leonardo DiCaprio in tragic suicide scandal
e Shailene Woodley and Theo James, Stars of DIVERGENT, Are Curating IMDb's  ...
e Musical that uses Tupac Shakur songs to close Sunday
e Firefighters warn of July 4 fireworks hazards
m Census: US's Aging Population to Double by 2050
t Sony enters virtual reality gaming
e Michael Jackson can't escape his past in 'Xscape'
t In moment after Big Bang, universe ballooned at amazing speed, new evidence  ...
b Coke, Pepsi dropping 'BVO' from all drinks - WSLS 10 NBC in Roanoke  ...
b Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) news: Alibaba confirms plans to list in the U.S.
m Marijuana legal debate
e How I Met Your Mother: Cristin Milioti Lied to the Hollywood Reporter About Ending
t LG G Watch, Samsung Gear Live Pre-Orders Go Live On Google Play
e Women are funny, but not when crude, says Jerry Lewis
b Amazon's revenue increases even as its spending climbs
b Fed May Offer Vague Rate Clues
b FTSE firms as Rolls leads aerospace stocks higher
t New Amazon monthly subs service offers free reads
t Samsung announces 8.4-inch and 10.5-inch Galaxy Tab S tablets
b JPMorgan Chase head arrives for a two-day visit
b Asia stocks mostly lower amid Iraq violence; Nikkei ends down 1.1%
e 'Mad Men' season 7, episode 5 recap: One, two, three
b What is driving Pfizer's pursuit of AstraZeneca?
t Go Figure: Tablet Satisfaction Declines As Budget Models Launch
e George Clooney's ex Stacy Keibler Marries Jared Pobre
e Gene Simmons Turns to Fans for Kiss' 40th Anniversary Plans
m Alzheimer's risk cut in half by exercising for an hour a week, one-third of cases  ...
b Ex NY Islanders partial owner pleads guilty in investment fraud; admits  ...
e Chase says 'Sopranos' statement 'misconstrued'
b Solar Industry Battle — Australian Energy Utilities Pushing For End To Rooftop  ...
e Keith Richards writes children's book
b Zillow buying Trulia to make real estate titan - Quincy Herald-Whig | Illinois  ...
e Celebrate Ben & Jerry's anniversary with Free Cone Day
b Air Products Names CEO Amid Pressure From Ackman
b Oracle profit trails estimates as it faces stiff cloud competition
e 'DWTS' — A Shocking Double Elimination Sends 2 Couples Home
t Hands-on with Destiny, Bungie's new MMO-like shooter
b Judge sentences Stamford hedge fund in $1.8B fraud
e Lindsay Lohan's miscarriage: Actress says she miscarried while filming show
e Justin Bieber might be in trouble again: Star vents his Anger in a Peculiar Way
e Gwyneth Paltrow, Chris Martin separating after 10 years of marriage
b Target replaces head of Canadian operations 0
t Northrop Grumman, ATK complete James Webb backplane testing
b Today's Stock Market News and Earnings Calendar
m New Georgia Baptist Church Takes Ebola Campaign to the Pulpit
m How British doctors printed a new face!
e Justin Bieber in New Racism Row as Video Shows Him Joking About Ku Klux Klan
t Grand finale: NASA spacecraft LADEE crashes on dark side of moon
e Here's Why An 'X-Men' Teaser Is Playing At The End Of 'The Amazing Spider  ...
t Remarkable discovery of 'Earth-sized diamond' white dwarf star
t The Rise And Fall Of Orkut: Google's Decade-Long Social Media Experiment
t Is this the iPhone 6?
e Damn, Homie! Wife Of Columbus Short Says Actor Threatened To Murder Her  ...
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Release Date, Features & Price: AT&T, T-Mobile Now  ...
e Iconic Writer Maya Angelou Is Dead at 86
b Birds Eye, Duncan Hines, Hungry-Man? They're Hillshire now
b Wal-Mart Launching a Cheap Organic Food Line to Destroy Whole Foods
t UK space scientist Colin Pillinger dies at 70
b HK gov't gives youth education priority
t Daimler, Nissan plan big Mexican plant
t New report slams Xbox One and PS4 power consumption: Inefficiencies still  ...
m Second One Run For Boston Underway
t GM Recalls 2014 Chevy Malibu, Buick LaCrosse Over Brake Mishap
t Honolulu Weekly Gas Price Update and Outlook - May 19, 2014
b Flight MH370: Jet searchers rule out area where 'pings' heard
t Twitter photo tagging and how to disable it
e First Lady to address graduating high schoolers in Topeka, Kan., on 60th  ...
t China demand drives big sales for Mercedes-Benz
b Texas retail gasoline prices up 2 cents this week
e The First Avenger returns for round two in Captain America: Winter Soldier
e Tammy, review: 'a watchable mishap'
e NYC hotel furious over leak to TMZ of security video apparently of Solange  ...
e 'Transcendence' lacks the wonder posed by its big questions
m Senator provides key recommendations to reduce medical errors
b A year after Rana Plaza: a first aid volunteer story
t Apple Launches New 16GB iPod That Does More, But Costs Less
t Chinese media rails against Google, Apple, US tech firms
t The Rights and Responsibilities of Search Engine Users
e Who Did Andi Dorfman Choose As Her Mr Right In The Bachelorette Finale  ...
b China's steel sector PMI rises to 48.3 percent in June
t Apple / IBM deal doesn't scare Dell, or BlackBerry…
b Malaysia Airlines to be pulled from stock market
e Man Tries to Crawl Under America Ferrera's Dress at Cannes
e Little girl upset about her brother growing up
t Flappy Bird: New Season and Weed Firm blatancy addressed
t Sea level to rise by 12 feet due to collapse of Antarctic ice sheet
t Google 'to show new television set-top box at I/O today'
t Settlement with Apple over e-book price-fixing proposed
e Review: Binge of sermonizing kills blase 'Purge: Anarchy'
e Watson all tired out after 'Noah' filming
b Deaths fell after Massachusetts healthcare overhaul: study
b Stock futures point to mixed open on Wall Street
e Johnny Depp talks ditching the makeup as an updated Max Headroom in  ...
b Economy shrank by 2.9% in 1st quarter
e Seventh person arrested in Blanchard man's death
e Ronnie Corbett on Rolf: Conviction is 'very upsetting'
b Unilever reports higher-than-expected sales despite late Easter
e Selena Gomez Confessing Love To Justin Bieber?
t NASA Plans to Prototype Flying Saucer for Mars Travel
b Why King Digital Entertainment (KING) Stock Is Up Today
t Sony to stop selling PlayStation Portable
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West Can Sue Over Leaked Engagement Video
t Australia, US, UK advise avoiding Microsoft Internet Explorer until bug fixed
e Gone Girl Gets A Teaser Trailer
t Now Microsoft is tipped for virtual reality push
t Windows users, meet Cortana
e Let's just forget about that Game Of Thrones character who wasn't in the finale  ...
e Fargo (FX) Season Finale 2014 “Morton's Fork”
e Killer sharks are taking over the air, and the airwaves
m Ebola crisis in West Africa deepens, over 500 dead
e Madonna does jury duty, briefly
b Hands-on with Amazon's Fire phone, the newest portal into its ecosystem
e WWE's Ultimate Warrior died of natural causes
m Free samples of prescription drugs are costly to patients, study says
t Cousteau breaks grandpa's record
b Gazprom files $4.5 billion lawsuit against Ukraine's Naftogaz
e Taylor Swift Pens Editorial About The Music Business
t Comet headed for Mars: Comet C 2013 A1 pictures released by NASA
e `Captain America` tops box office charts for third week with $26.6 million earnings
e Kim Kardashian's Sleek, Low Braid For Pre-Wedding Brunch
t GM Adds 1.3 Million More Vehicles to Recall List
b Eurozone Hopeful as Greece Eyes Self-Financed 2015
t Nordstrom lauded for catalog showing models with disabilities
e Joe Cada adds to bracelet collection at World Series of Poker, looking for a third
m Oncology Treatment Guidelines Are Unclear For HIV Positive Cancer Patients  ...
b Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Markets Reverse Early Loses; Oil Continues To  ...
t Hackers steal vast eBay user database, including passwords
t The Vessyl smart cup knows how many calories are in your favorite Pinot
e Justin Bieber 'Dedicates Song To Selena Gomez At Surprise SXSW Gig'
t Facebook diversity report: "We have a lot of work to do"
e The Rock is no ordinary mortal in latest 'Hercules' trailer
b FBI investigates Herbalife amid claims it is a pyramid scheme that unfairly targets  ...
b Ousted American Apparel CEO who faced nine sexual harassment caught on  ...
e Moves like Jackson: Video of Pitman High junior's talent show dancing goes viral
m The 'Godfather Of Ecstasy' Dies At 88 - And His Career Is Full Of Strange Surprises
e New 'Hunger Games' teaser for 'Mockingjay' heavily features the late Phillip  ...
e Marvel's 'Guardians of the Galaxy' takes huge risks, is justifiably rewarded
e Kim Kardashian, Lamar Odom pregnant, divorce Kris Jenner sex tape scandal.
e Eva Mendes Baby With Ryan Gosling: Newly Pregnant Actress On Motherhood
e Writer Sues BBC for Stealing 'Orphan Black'
m Mo. restaurant worker diagnosed with hepatitis
b Washington's Pot Shops Open Tomorrow, Charging High Prices for Novelty
e Latest American Idol dropped in UK
e 'Dancing with the Stars' Recap: The Most Memorable Years
b Forex - EUR/USD dips on upbeat private-sector jobs data
e Erykah Badu Tries to Kiss Reporter on Live TV
t MIT Finger Device Reads to Blind in Real Time
t [I/O 2014] Chromecast To Get Live Screen Mirroring, Casting From Other  ...
b New Media Stocks Dive as IPO for Maker of 'Candy Crush Saga' Fizzles
b EMERY P. DALESIO
e JetBlue Sorry for Not Letting Toddler Go to the Bathroom
b Fed's Fisher sees 'significantly' earlier rate hike
e You are here! Home > SCIENCE and TECHNOLOGY > Astronauts' pee to get  ...
e Japan reassured over Diaoyu
e The Voice: The Grimmie Didn't "Reap" 'er
b eBay (EBAY) Releases Quarterly Earnings, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS
e Elisabeth Moss Sees Mad Men's Peggy in Diane on The Good Wife
e 'Stairway' suit filed against Led Zeppelin
t Verizon XLTE service official, promises faster peak data speeds [UPDATED]
e new teaser for The Hunger Games: Mockingjay (Video)
t PS4 Vs. Xbox One: Microsoft Closing In On Sony For Consoles Sold
t Apple HomeKit: Control your connected home with Siri and Touch ID
e Does Babs Bite The Hand That Feeds? Barbra Streisand Finds Sex Between  ...
t Facebook app helps share songs, TV shows, movies
e Bob Dylan lyrics break record in $2M sale
t Kim Komando: It's time to wave goodbye to Windows XP
t Report: Google wants to get into the health data game with 'Google Fit'
e Hugh Jackman to reprise 'Wolverine' role?
e Gwen Stefani in Talks to Join "The Voice"
e 'Game of Thrones' recap: Bran's mystical journey reaches climax
e Miley Cyrus flashes her boobs as she shows off Floyd tribute tattoo in latest selfies
t OPINION: XP support dropped by Microsoft: strategic company move or an insult?
e Quiet night for Netflix at Emmys
b New Nokia CEO Rajeev Suri Outlines Networking And Connected Device Future
b Valeant makes USD 45.6 bn bid for Allergan
e Captain America: The Winter Soldier Beats The Muppets Most Wanted In UK Box  ...
b Adobe revamps the Creative Cloud
b Deductibles, co-insurance and other health insurance terms to know
e Show Us How You See SXSW
m Congressional Report: Regulate E-Cigs
e Gwyneth Paltrow Suggests 9-to-5 Working Moms Have It Easier Than Movie Stars
e Why is Kanye buying Kim 10 branches of Burger King?
t Britain's Secret Bid To 'Fix' UN Climate Report
t Valve pushes Steam machine controller release to 2015
e Johnny Weir announces split from husband Victor Varonov
b Losers on major news: Hewlett-Packard Company (NYSE:HPQ), McDonald's  ...
m Guinea Ebola outbreak 'limited geographic area' - WHO
t T-Mobile Slapped With FTC Lawsuit for Phony Charges
b Maine Unemployment Rate 6.1 Percent in February
e Movie Review: 'Neighbors' a crude, lewd dude feud
b Europe's handling of crisis made recession worse - Mario Draghi
t Facebook conducted psychological experiment
m Teens are Drinking Less, but Texting & Driving More Study Finds
e Michael Jackson Hologram: What Would the King of Pop Think?!
t LG has finally made the G3 flagship, 5.5-inch QuadHD display with a 2560×1440  ...
e Celebrity festival fashion Coachella 2014 style
t Supreme Court: Aereo Streaming TV Service Violates Copyright
t China says no to Windows 8 on government computers
b New Mexico says more than 500 containers of nuke waste packed with kitty litter
b Tiffany profit rises on strong sales in Americas, Asia-Pacific
t Samsung Galaxy S5 BroadBand LTE-A – A QHD, Snapdragon 805 Powered S5  ...
b Miraculous escape as airport train derails
b Quiznos Bankruptcy Filed Days After Sbarro
e 'The Voice': Stefani to replace Aguilera?
t Shrimp-inspired material to make airplanes stronger
t Amazon Fire smartphone unveiled
b 10 Things to Know for Thursday
e HBO and Amazon Prime Strike Major Streaming Deal: Which Series Made the  ...
t 3 Graphics To Explain The Present And Future Of Climate Change
b U.S. Patent Office Cancels NFL Redskins Trademark Registration
e The Walking Dead Season 4 Finale: 12 Big Questions That Need Answering
e Mexican Restaurant In Stamford Keeps Busy On Cinco De Mayo
e Eric Hill Death: Did The Bachelorette Handle it the Right Away?
e Script full of cheese – but that won't matter
e Justin Bieber, Chris Brown Reunite in Studio to Record New Song 'For the Fans'
e Calling George Clooney gay was a joke, says Fox News anchor
e Melissa McCarthy's Failed “Tammy”
t Google Apps Referral Program: $15 Bonus for Luring in New Users
b HP Layoffs May Not Be Over
e Box Office: 'The Other Woman' to Ensnare 'Captain America,' 'Heaven Is for Real'
t Apple wants more, seeks retrial and sales ban against Samsung
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Battery Performance: New Galaxy Outscores HTC One M8
b (NPC) Premier Li says corrupt officials will be dealt with regardless of status
b Flexible approach needed as IMF tips slower Australian growth
m PTC Therapeutics Given New $40.00 Price Target at Credit Suisse (PTCT)
b Crude Oil Stays Above USD106 Ahead Of Inventories, US GDP
b UPDATE 1-Wal-Mart profit falls 5 pct as harsh winter deters shoppers
e Gymnast Destroys American Ninja Warrior Course
e Justin Bieber Causes Car Accident With Paparazzi, Posts Princess Diana Tweet  ...
m FDA Approves Beleodaq for Peripheral T-cell Lymphoma
t Here's your one-day chance to buy Google Glass
e Bad Neighbours
e Outrage over Kardashian sisters 'TEXTING' and chatting at MTV VMAs during a  ...
b Another GM recall: 1.18M SUVs for air bag issue - WSFA.com: News Weather  ...
t Apple, Google agree to $325m antitrust deal
e Michael Jackson hologram gets OK for awards show (w/video)
m Nick Berry
e Rare footage of FDR walking is donated to state of Pennsylvania; captures his  ...
e Young Iranians arrested for making "Happy" music video
t Is Microsoft ready to unveil Surface Pro 3?
t Alleged Huawei Glory 3X Pro Photos Leaked
b HSBC manufacturing PMI jumps to 17-mnth high
b Government under pressure to lift GMO ban
b Japan tax hike boosts inflation, hurts spending in May
t Mozilla Employees Tweet Their Expressions of Dismay About New CEO  ...
b Officials say Obamacare website working well as deadline nears
m FDA decision will save lives
b 'Exceptional' quarter for currency trade with more on the way
t Bungie provides an overview of Destiny's structure
b 5 Reasons Why CEOs Are Getting Huge Raises, and Why You Are Not
b Will Interest Rates Rise Earlier Than Predicted?
b Australian officials: No link can be made to missing Malaysian jet until debris is  ...
e Brady Bunch Actress Ann B. Davis Dies In Texas
t People Are Unable To Play Watch Dogs Even After Its Release
m Drinkable Sunscreen to Hit the Shelves
b Fed to become a bit trickier to read
e Adam Levine - Adam Levine: I did film for free
m Giraffe shows affection for dying zoo worker
e Gregg Allman Will Miss Tonight's Allman Brothers Band Performance
t Google Glass available to public Tuesday
e Two members of Japan girl group AKB48 attacked
t YOUR TAKE: Blood moon eclipse photos
e Eminem & Rihanna to Perform 'The Monster' at 2014 MTV MOVIE AWARDS
m California whooping cough cases now labeled an epidemic
b First Quarter GDP Is Down 2.9 Percent
e Bloomberg: Congress should send federal money to 9/11 museum; urges  ...
t Can't afford Google Glass? These smart specs are a TENTH of the price: Frames  ...
b Healthcare rises as Europe shares rally: M&A in focus
e Kris Jenner flaunts bikini body: Kim lost 56 lbs on low-carb ketogenic diet
b 'Candy Crush Saga' maker goes public
t Why Microsoft Didn't Talk About PC Gaming at E3
t Random Thoughts from the High Desert
t NASA: 'Flying Saucer' test
b Postal Workers Fear Expansion Of Staples Pilot Program
t Like Reading Your Facebook Messages On Your Phone? You'll Have To Get  ...
e Sounds of violence put singers Paul Simon and Edie Brickell in the dock
e The MTV Movie Awards Are Now Just A Major Event For Plugging Movies
e Reeling It In: New 'Planet of the Apes' film impresses
e Kim Kardashian's Blonde Hair Fools Instagram Followers... As The 'Keeping Up  ...
b Credit Suisse, Deutsche bank surprise with Yankee bonds
t Gartner says it's time for a PC comeback
t Watch Dogs PS4 Review in progress
t Apple WWDC 2014: The Biggest Moments
b Etihad to Buy 49% Stake in Alitalia to Expand Global Reach
e Box office preview: Captain America takes on 'Rio 2,' 'Oculus,' and 'Draft Day'
b Three-day weekend will kick-start July 4 travel
e How last week's shocking death made Game of Thrones interesting again
m 'Double whammy': Senator insists FDA rule could cripple craft brewers
b Banking union to boost euro credibility: QNB
b Bank of America: Today's Interest Rates for Home Mortgages Mar 12
e Aronofsky says Noah is 'the least biblical biblical film ever made'
t Should I get a Mac Desktop or Laptop?
b China Says Nearly One-Fifth of Arable Land Contaminated
e Hunger Games: Mockingjay trailer brings 4K warning to public
t Editorial: Another try at a neutral Net
e Kim Kardashian, LaLa Anthony and hold baby shower for Ciara
e The Insiders: Immerse yourself in the Seven Kingdoms of Westeros
b US Homebuilder Sentiment Jumps
m Biotechs Set Sights On Fighting MERS Virus
e Nick Cannon drops in at Mohegan Sun
e Miley Cyrus Has A Mini 'Hannah Montana' Reunion
t Nintendo to sell new consoles to save bottom line
b 1st LD Writethru: U.S. oil price steadies amid Iraq worries
t Apple Logs Shiny Results, Boosts Buyback, Unveils 7-for-1 Split
b Vietnam sea spat part of China's larger strategy
e Firework Safety Tips
e Should the word 'bossy' be banned?
t Microsoft to roll out Windows Phone 8.1 update from 24 June
t Apple releases iOS 7.1 with CarPlay, Siri improvements
e Watch Singer Erykah Badu Interrupt a Live Newscast
e Jay-Z and Rachel Roy Both Set to Attend KimYe's Wedding?
t Roanoke skies: New meteor shower may grace heavens early Saturday
b Barclays tries to fend off revolt with new pay chief
b Judge won't make GM tell owners to stop driving cars recalled for ignition switch  ...
t Missing Malaysian Flight MH370 May Have Turned So...
t Tesla Releases Patents in Unprecedented Move to Advance Electric Vehicles
t Grand Prix of Americas 2014 Results: Winner, Final MotoGP Standings and  ...
b Yellen Speaks, Market Thinks More Fed Stimulus Is Coming
m Injuries from baby gates rising
m Renal denervation fails to lower blood pressure in critical test
b Electric automaker Tesla Motors loses $50 million in Q1
t NASA rover captures mysterious light on Mars
m 2 Your Health: New Guidelines for Pelvic Exams; Soldiers Suffering from Chronic  ...
e Here's The Secret To Making The Perfect Margarita
e Gary Oldman Defends Mel Gibson, Alec Baldwin in New Interview
t Twitter shares surge on user growth
e Lana Del Rey Gets Some Love From James Franco As She Confirms Split From  ...
e Who Wore It Best: Selena Gomez vs. Victoria Justice
e Game of Thrones Season Four premiere sees HBO service crash
b Philip Morris Axes Australian Cigarette Plant After 60 Years
b Home»News»Business»Error forces Bank of America to suspend plans to raise  ...
b Material, labor costs pressuring companies, businesses say
e Will Ferrell and doppelgänger Chad Smith settle their rivalry with a delightful  ...
e Beyonce's Time cover photo a bit disappointing
t UN Secretary General comments on threat of international terrorism in region
t What Do You Fear Most About The Google Car?
e Watch 50 Cent Do Play-By-Play Of Jay Z/Solange Video
b Bank of England spent £200000 relocating new boss Mark Carney from Canada
e Channel Surfer: Wednesday's TV (with VIDEO)
b Merck sells consumer care business for $14.2 billion to Bayer
b McDonald's strikes back with free coffee
b New Home Sales Plunge 14.5%
m Biological Pacemaker That Works in Pigs Offers Promise
e 'Mad Men' Season 7 [Final Season] Spoilers: Don Draper, Megan and Amy in  ...
b UK credit outlook 'stable' says Standard & Poor's
b BlackBerry Posts a Lower-than-Expected Loss in the Fourth Quarter.
t Samsung Galaxy S5 reviews suggest a mostly positive evolution, not revolution
b Hilton adds independent hotels to its portfolio
e Cheers for Kate on school visit
t The net neutrality war is still going, and we may be losing
b Footage shows two women being run over by a 14000 ton train and survive but  ...
b Exchange Rate Forecasts: Pound Sterling, Euro, US Dollar, Australian Dollar  ...
t Incredible 'supermoons' to happen three months in a row; first is Saturday night
m US experts see progress in search for MERS treatment
t China bans Windows 8 from government computers
e AMC's 'Walking Dead' Packs Yet Another Ratings Punch With Its Season Finale
b Stocks Set For Flat Open, S&P Aims To Hold 2000 -- US Commentary
e Kurt Cobain - Frances Bean Cobain Takes Aim At Lana Del Rey
t Creationism Is Not Being Ignored On 'Cosmos' -- It's Actually The Focus
t Using A Stellar Ultrasound To Determine Ages Of Young Stars
e GMA Won't Pay Josh Elliot $10M
m Muscatine County Health Rankings Released Today
m In Pictures: The deadly Ebola virus
e Godzilla's Godzilla Problem: It's Not the Screen Time, It's the Focus
b Valeant lifts bid for Botox maker Allergan
e Kanye West reportedly micromanages wife Kim Kardashian's entire life, turned  ...
e Mick Jagger's daughter Jade gives birth to third child
e Ariana Grande on MTV's TRL Special Comeback
t Cass now takes 911 text messages
e Spider-Man sequel holds UK box office top spot
t New Chrome Extension To Demystify Encryption
t AL woman's death sparks GM lawsuit over faulty ignition switch - CBS 3  ...
b Samsung Q2 profit down 25%; blames...
b Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Receives Buy Rating from Jefferies Group (VRX)
t It's Over! Viacom and Google Settle YouTube Lawsuit.
m Common treatment for prostate cancer ineffective for early-stage cases, Rutgers  ...
t Google plans to make small set-top box that looks like Roku product
e Justin Bieber Shares Video Of Tom Hanks Dancing
b Chipotle's Steak Burrito With Cheese And Guacamole Is Putting The Squeeze  ...
e Who is Daisy Ridley? Star Wars 7 unknown becomes overnight internet sensation
b SNC-Lavalin to acquire Kentz Corp. Ltd. for $2.1B
m Diet Soda, a Weight Loss Booster?
b If Ukraine tries to steal Europe-bound gas, Gazprom will develop alternative  ...
e Tracy Morgan Crash Similar To Tallahassee Case
m Whole Foods has beef recall
e Lindsay Gets Drenched
m 399 die from worst outbreak of Ebola
t Soundwave goes wearable as new Android watches debut
e Arrow Star Stephen Amell Talks TV and Movie Separation, Green Arrow Name
m US teen pregnancy, birth and abortion rates at historic lows
t Key to measuring stars' age lies in acoustic vibrations
m Government Trying to Fix Our Memories
e Harrison Ford hurt on Star Wars set
b Investec hails job cuts and new cost targets at Barclays
e Amazon snares classic shows in HBO deal
e PHOTO CALL: A First Look at HBO's The Normal Heart
m Pollen Allergy Symptoms & Relief Tips
t PlayStation heads for China
e 'Record Store Day' sees music-lovers seeking vinyl
m Study: Brain Bleed Caused By Headbanging, But Do It Anyway (Video)
b Preventing another Flight MH370: Airplanes to be fitted with remote black boxes  ...
t EBay believed 'for a very long period' customer data was safe, executive says
e MSG takes 50% stake in Tribeca Film Festival company
e Mila Kunis Doesn't Want Ashton Kutcher To See What's Up Down There In The  ...
t HTC One M8 released with LCD case that displays time, weather and notifications
e X-Men Days Of Future Past Trailer – 45 New Images You Need To See
m Pet food retailers to stop selling dog and cat treats from China
e 'Foxcatcher' does fine at Cannes
e Winter Soldier rules on $75.2m
b Valeant Commences Exchange Offer For Allergan
e This Picture Of Kids Recreating Jesus's Crucifixion Is Sparking International  ...
b Gains in health insurance sign-ups
b 'Aggressive' Bullish Options Activity Seen in Allergan Ahead of Tie-Up Reports
t T-Mobile Accused of Bilking Customers through Fraudulent Charges
b Too-Big-to-Fail Banks Float on Air
e Rolf Harris guilty: More women come forward with abuse allegations in wake of  ...
m County health rankings provide plenty of detail
b Has the Amazon Phone's Secret Weapon Been Revealed?
e Top 10 Record Store Day deals
m Dr. Manny: Celebrity turns a good doctor into a snake oil pitchman
m Eat All the Fried Chicken You Want!
t Barra on recall: GM on track to answer 'what went wrong and why'
e 'Duck Dynasty' patriarch Phil Robertson once again under fire for homophobic  ...
e 'Unsafe speed': Paul Walker car was going 93 mph
b Dropbox Competitor Files for IPO
e Jena Irene Debuts "We Are One," Gives "Goosies" on American Idol Finale  ...
t Facebook Used Members As Guinea Pigs For Experiment
e Khloe Kardashian 'Finished' With Lamar Odom, 'Adores' Rumoured Beau French  ...
b Yahoo! records fall in Q1 net income, revenue
b It's Official: Apple to Acquire Beats for $3 Billion
b EIA: US oil production in 2015 expected to be highest since 1972
b Sikorsky Awarded Estimated $1.28 Billion US Air Force Contract (UTX)
t ALERT: Snapchat Is Holding Your Photos Hostage
e Leonardo Dicaprio spotted doing a funny little dance at Coachella and here's the  ...
b Amazon takes shot at Colbert, Gladwell in bitter publishing war
t It's Still The Information Super Toll Road: An Intended Consequence of Net  ...
t Nebraska Weekly Gas Price Update and Outlook
m Today's Teenagers Are Smoking Less, Becoming More Healthy
b Pending homes sales rise in May
e Ariana Grande Reveals The Lessons She Has Learned Being A Celebrity
t Heartbleed: developer who introduced the error regrets 'oversight'
t As Android's reach expands, Google attracts fewer pioneer partners
b Novartis AG transforms drug business via deals with GSK and Eli Lilly
t LG G3 specs, release date, price in the UK and live stream
e Robin Thicke Lines Up Several TV Appearances
m Appendix Lawsuit: Doctor Forgot To Do The Obvious
e Chelsea Clinton says she gets asked about running for office almost every day
t Microsoft to release Android-powered Nokia X2 handset
b Despite questions, Charlotte to study coal ash at airport
e Viewers drop Mad Men
b Can't hold a good stock market down: S&P 500 sets intraday record
m Doctors: Routine pelvic exams not needed for healthy women
t Elon Musk opens up Tesla patents to everyone
t Google agreed to pay for Samsung's defense against Apple
e Who Wore It Better? — Kylie Jenner vs. Kim Kardashian in a Bikini Battle Royale
t Titanfall: 3 Things to Know About Microsoft's New Xbox One Game
b Barclays to slash around 14000 jobs this year as it reduces size of investment  ...
e Taylor Swift - Taylor Swift cancels concert in Thailand
m Taking control of your dreams
m Death Toll Rises in Ebola Outbreak
e Hayden Panettiere & Wladimir Klitschko: 5 Fast Facts You Need to Know
e Justin Bieber skips court after Coachella appearance
t Editorial: Dubious climate dogma
t New Samsung Galaxy S4 I9505 Android 4.4.2 KitKat OTA Update Available in  ...
m Burgers May Have Been Served with Hepatitis A in Missouri Restaurant
t Astronauts to watch World Cup from ISS
b Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac 'Face' Sit-In Over Eviction
b Tax extension is more time to file, not extra time to pay
b Amazon on Hachette Fight: Feel Free to Shop Elsewhere
b THURSDAY MARKET CLOSE: Talk of ECB loosening boosts equities
e Where do Ice Bucket Challenge donations go?
t Motorola Launches Ultra Low Price Moto E Smartphone
b Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg's Pay Dropped 67 Percent in 2013
e Orphan Black season 2 episode 4 preview
m Second Report Details More Safety Lapses At CDC
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Spotted in Paris Days Before Wedding  ...
t Word's Top 100 Most Unique and Endangered Birds Defined in New Study
m California health officials say whooping-cough cases at epidemic level
b ADM to buy Swiss flavoring maker for about $3B - KTVN Channel 2 - Reno  ...
m For melanoma survivors, May 5 holds special significance
e Peaches Geldof funeral draws crowds
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4′s QHD Display “Confirmed” In UAProf
e Walter Dean Myers, best-selling children's author, dies at 76
e 'The Bachelorette' recap: Drama builds in Santa Barbara
t Facebook's new privacy mascot: The Zuckasaurus, a dinosaur
t Editorial: GM needs to do right for victims -- and for America
t Scientists Successfully Expand the Genetic Alphabet
e BET Awards 2014: Pharrell's 'Happy' wins for top video, August Alsina for best  ...
b Tyson Foods Inc. Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.08 (TSN)
e Watch The Devilish New Trailer For David Fincher's 'Gone Girl' (VIDEO)
b UPDATE 1-Brent holds above $113, but set for biggest weekly drop since March
e Kanye West sets his sights on Shakespeare, Walt Disney at Bonnaroo 2014
b Credit Suisse escapes worst as it pleads guilty to US charges
t Fossil of world's biggest flying bird found
t Wildfires are getting bigger and more frequent in the American West. It's not your  ...
m IG: La. collected $7M too much in enrollment bonus
b Tesla Investors Frustrated With Expansion, Gigafactory, But Still Holding  ...
t Rubik's Cube invention - Google Doodle
b Lack of cable competition not moved by merger
b Dollar down in Asia ahead of Yellen testimony
t What It Was Like to Surf the Web in 1989
e Portlander complains about flight delay, gets porno tweet from airline
e The Ticker: Dancing, Singing, Dribbling
t High Fashion Editions Of Google Glass Available To General Public For $1800
t How Google declared open war against passwords at I/O
e People in Brief for June 4, 2014
t Are these the Samsung Galaxy S5 Mini's hardware specs?
b WWE Money in the Bank 2014: Live Stream, WWE Network Start Time and  ...
e As Kim Kardashian plans return to Ireland, here's 14 Irish beaches where she  ...
t Apple Hires Another Fashion Exec
b Oil theft: The untamed monster in Delta State
t Google:power smart watches redesigned by Android
t Why Microsoft's Surface May Turn Out to Be a Business Machine
b Oil slips below $104 as supplies set to increase
t LG G3 with 5.5-inch QHD display, laser AF camera goes official
b Stocks manage meager gains on mostly quiet day
e Lena Dunham may quit acting; rails against women getting typecast
e Miley Cyrus cancels concert 30 minutes before it was due to start 'because of the  ...
e JK Rowling Publishes New 'Harry Potter' Short Story with a Glimpse Into the Future!
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's baby North turns 1! Her first year in family  ...
t Microsoft Slates Critical IE, Windows Patches for Next Week
t Eyefi Cloud Review with Eyefi Mobi
t Edward Snowden at SXSW Conference: I Saw the Constitution Being Violated  ...
b President greeted by MV mayor, 129th Rescue Wing
e Musicians, fans mourn Michael Jackson's death 5 years later
e Melissa McCarthy and Ben Falcone - the movie-making dream couple
b Putin to meet with Hollande in France on June 5
e 50 Cent trolls Floyd Mayweather and TI fight over Tiny (Video)
t Monarchs 2
m Dark chocolate 'may improve walking ability for PAD patients'
t PlayStation 4 Sells 7 Million Units Globally
e The 2014 Rock & Roll Hall Of Fame Induction Ceremony
e Shailene Woodley, Kate Winslet, and Maggie Q at 'Divergent' LA Premiere
b FOREX-Dollar declines as euro rides out inflation dip
m Autism Now Affects 1 In 68 Children, A 37-Fold Increase Over The Past 3 Decades
t Mars, Earth, Sun Align on Tuesday, Like They Do Every 2 Years
t Samsung Galaxy S4 review: Android, Lots Of Power & Now A LOT Cheaper
b Air search for missing jet suspended
b Pandora Media Inc (P) news: Internet stocks tumble again; Twitter falls below  ...
e True Blood: “Thank You”
m Focus on Brazil: the vital statistics
m Washington, D.C. Claims Top Ranking on Annual Fit City Index
b Johnson Controls to spin off its auto interiors unit
t ISS Computer Outage May Require Spacewalk
e Stairway to Glastonbury heaven unlikely
t New SDK Shows Google Really Wants to Get on Your Body
e HEAVEN IS FOR REAL – The Review
b 8 Darden priorities moving forward from $2.1B sale of Red Lobster
e Angelina Jolie Effect: Doctors warn over worrying rise in double mastectomies
b ECB to hold fire on rates despite slow inflation: analysts
e Kimye's wedding guest list revealed May 19, 7:00 pm
t Google in talks to buy Twitch streaming website for over $1 billion
m Saudi Arabia captures 7 per cent global diamond trade
b UPDATE 2-Bulgarian bank shares tumble after ruling party MP comments
e Victoria Beckham - Victoria Beckham shares unseen wedding photograph
e COPY: 'X-Men' director Bryan Singer accused of drugging, raping teen
m NHTSA: Rear-visibility technology to be required in new cars
m Students, faculty join community to fight cancer
e Nick Cannon Freestyles About Robin Thicke: 'You The One That Screwed Up'
e Fifty Shades of Grey Crosses 36M Views, Becomes Highest Viewed Trailer Of  ...
e Read Full Transcripts of Anna Wintour's and Rihanna's CFDA Speeches
b Google not immune to challenges of mobile transition
b NTSB faults pilot in Asiana flight
e Benzino 'shot by nephew' while riding in his mother's funeral procession
b Euro Falls on Comments From ECB Chief Draghi -- 2nd Update
e Game of Thrones recap: the elusive search for justice
b Cancer causing chemicals found in urban tap water
e Alicia Keys & Swizz Beats Are Having Another Baby
b FOREX-Dollar perks up but still lacks conviction
b Ford Motor Co. (F) Misses Q1 EPS by 6c
t Copy of Hyundai recalls 883K Sonatas to fix gear shifters
t Gas Prices See Rise Across Texas, Big Country
e Zac Efron, Seth Rogen sort of grow up in 'Neighbors'
t Google's First Search Removals; Aaron Swartz Doc; Facebook Diversity
e List: The 20 bands to see at SXSW 2014
e 'Game of Thrones' changes viewers' perceptions
b McDonald's CEO Says Fast-Food Jobs Can Lead To 'Real Careers'
b Mind the claws
e 'Mr. Peabody' cruises to top spot at box office
b NY sues Barclays for fraud over 'dark pool' trading
b UK WINNERS & LOSERS: AstraZeneca Falls On Pfizer Rejection
e A rather PLANE outfit Kim! Kardashian is surprisingly conservative in black  ...
t Google building a tablet with 3D imaging capabilities: Report
m Ebola vaccine from GSK fast-tracked into clinical trials
t How Facebook avoided Google's fate in talent poaching lawsuit
b Astrazeneca prepare for hostile bid from Pfizer as pharma giant posts below par  ...
e HBO Releases 'True Blood' Trailer for Final Season
t Snag-hit Soyuz Capsule docks with ISS successfully
t JPL Tests Big with a Supersonic Parachute for Mars
t Thursday May 8 is Bike to Work and Bike to School Day
t 26% of Galaxy S5 buyers are former iPhone owners, says Kantar
t US sanctions on Russia look a lot different from space
t Some People Can't Play Watch Dogs On PC Right Now
b Walmart moves in on GameStop's turf: Will give store credit for used games
b Builders Worked on More US Homes Than Forecast in April
e Miley Cyrus Tweets (Then Deletes) That She Never Told Jennifer Lawrence To  ...
m Study questions steroid epidurals for back pain
b Wall Street hits new peaks after US jobs report
e Samuel L Jackson, Michael Madsen read Quentin Tarantino axed script
t Uber partners with AT&T to bring preloaded apps to your new phone
t Twitter restores TweetDeck after security flaw
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Copper Gold Variant Now Available in India
t John Oliver Takes on the FCC: Nothing but Net
b Task force: $850 million is cost of blight removal
b Exelon buying Pepco for $6.83B, creating large Mid-Atlantic electric and gas  ...
b Daily FX Analysis
b American Apparel Inc (NYSEMKT:APP): The Concerns Of Share Dilution
b Exxon 2Q profits surges on asset sale, oil prices, but production slips
t Rare solar flare filmed by Nasa
t Home News Police charge man, 19, in Heartbleed privacy...
b Wal-Mart's new tool gives competitor prices
t Publisher Mathias Doepfner accuses Google of being a monopoly
b The price of bacon is expected to rise after virus kills millions ofpigs
t A Mars Mission for Budget Travelers
b Sentiment Cautious Even Amid Positive Data
b Puerto Rico moves to let utilities rework debt
e Review: 'Deliver Us From Evil' needs more scares
b Wall Street: S&P 500 index closes above 1900 for first time
t Samsung's patents dispute offer accepted by European Commission
e 'Unsafe speed' cited in probe of crash that killed actor Paul Walker
b Ikea boosts hourly pay amid minimum wage debate
m San Francsico Ramps Up War on E-Cigarettes
e New York Gym Taunts Kanye: Don't Be Like Kris Humphries!
b Quicken, Citizens 30 Year Mortgage Rate Deals Today Jun 29, 2014
b PMI shows China stabilising but more help needed
m Man who discovered HIV focused on finding a functional cure
e Listen to songs from 'Glee's' 100th episode, part 1
e 'Star-Spangled Banner' author may have been tone deaf
b Dollar Tree to buy Family Dollar for $8.5B
m Ministry of Public Health to distribute 3.4m doses of influenza vaccine
b IMF Director placed under investigation in French scandal
m Medicare Pay List Angering Doctors May Trigger More Data
b US startup funding in January-March highest since 2001: report
m Spouses with low blood sugar get angrier at each other
m Ebola-hit west Africa's battle plan
b Star Wars Weapon for the U.S. Navy Is going to Get Tested in 2016
b PM promotes trade deal with Japan
t Microsoft Shutting Down Windows XP Support Poses Huge Security Threat to  ...
t Tesla Owners' Full-Page Ad Gets Elon Musk's Attention
t Lunar eclipse
e Miley Cyrus Bares Her Behind in the Grossest Way Yet (PHOTOS)
t Water Likely On New Terra-Like Exoplanet Kepler-186f
b Koninklijke Philips NV to Spin Off Lumileds Lighting (PHG)
b Tax time clock counts down, keeping preparer's offices busy
t Canada Revenue Agency website open to public after Heartbleed bug shutdown
e Toby Kebbell to play Doctor Doom in The Fantastic Four
t Google's New Self-Driving Car Is Built to Be Safe, Not Cool
t Change is upon us
e Supermodel Miranda Kerr drops hint at bi-sexuality
t Samsung Galaxy F Product Render Leaks
m Surgeon Performing Appendectomy Forgets To Remove Appendix, Lawsuit  ...
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West want to try for baby No. 2 right after the wedding
e Four years after Brittany Murphy's death, her film to release
e Crowd storms fence, injures guard at Ultra Fest
b Obama mocks Congress on highway spending
b How The Home Depot Inc. Outperformed Retailers Today
e Bobby Womack Bites the Dust at 70
b Montrealers protest genetically modified organisms
m Report: San Diego 8th fittest city in US
e Spotify jumps to 10 million paying subscribers
b Italy and Spain underperform as European equities edge up
e Aereo Supreme Court Case Will Shape Future Of TV
m Teen Pregnancy Rates Hit Historic Lows
b Taiwanese Sunflower activists 'denied entry to Hong Kong' ahead of July 1 march
e New Queen album to feature Freddie Mercury's vocals
b Box IPO papers reveal it's losing money in a big way
e Twitter pulls its #Music app from the App Store, existing users have until April 18
t Democratic Senators Ask FCC to Ponder Title II
t Bayonetta 2 Japanese Release Window Narrowed Down to Summer 2014
b Federal Agency Rejects Expanded Nuclear Fallout Plan
e 'The Voice': Eliminated singers are...
e CBS renews hit comedy 'The Big Bang Theory'
m Study: Running for just 5 minutes a day could lower risk of heart attacks and  ...
t Spencer promoted as head of Xbox
e The Legendary Actress Ruby Dee Dies At 91
m Study: Facebook Posts Affect Your Mood
b Candy Crush takes mobile gaming crown from Angry Birds
e Avicii recovering in hospital following gallbladder surgery DJ forced to cancel  ...
e Miley Cyrus Hospitalized; Concert Canceled
b IBM Q1 revenues fall 2pc to US$22.5bn
e Peter Dinklage is Pretty Much My Only Reason to Keep Watching 'Game of  ...
b Lloyds Banking Group PLC (ADR) (LYG) news: U.K. sells 7.8% holding in Lloyds  ...
m Weight loss drug Alli recalled after foreign pills found in bottles
e Khloé Kardashian 'Adores' French Montana
e Molly Smitten-Downes won't be speaking to anyone before her Eurovision 2014  ...
e Beyoncé and Jay Z release star-studded mock movie trailer 'Run'
b Metro home prices up 1.2% in May
e Redesign of Phila. art museum yields more space
e Garth Brooks Q&A
e Idina Menzel Finally Reacts to John Travolta's Oscars Adele Dazeem Flub
e Paltrow story in Vanity Fair might have been spiked too soon
e Erykah Badu Tries to Kiss Reporter During Live Broadcast, Gets Rebuffed
b South Africa rand touches 3-month low
b AT&T says close to DirecTV takeover
m Pfizer's Palbociclib Slows Tumor Growth in Breast Cancer Patients
t Facebook Manipulates News Feeds of 689003 Users for Psychological Experiment
b Investors flee tech stocks again, pummeling Nasdaq - WBOC-TV 16, Delmarvas  ...
e We've got a new toilet! GAA club's cheeky bid to host Garth
t Here's why two protesters disrupted Google's biggest event...
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West are officially married
b Hormel bulks up portfolio with purchase of Muscle Milk
e Marvel's Agent Carter Series Headed to ABC
b Fiat brand to still focus on Europe for profit
e Spidey Still Slings
m Woman Turns to Game to Lose Major Weight
t Apple Says Lower-Cost iPhone 5c Should Help It in Growing Mid-Tier Market
e Kermit, other 'Muppets Most Wanted' stars suit up in Brooks Brothers
t San Diegans Should Have Clear View of 'Blood Moon' Eclipse
t Steve Wozniak explains Net Neutrality to the FCC
t Rumour: Halo 1 - 4 Bundle Coming to Xbox One
t GM recalls nearly 29000 Chevrolet Cruzes; faulty air bags can injure passengers  ...
b Housing Watchdog: Property Inspection Business Needs Major Overhaul
e Orphan is the new black
b U.S. blames Russia for previous crashes
e 'Two and a Half Men' season 11: Ashton Kutcher, Mila Kunis expecting first child
m Low vit D may double premature death risk
e Garth Brooks Cancels All Five Dublin Croke Park Shows, but Tour  ...
e Universal Shows Off Fifty Shades of Grey, Lucy, A Million Ways to Die in the  ...
b Switzerland launches probe into FX rigging
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Now Available Online For Rs 51499 in India
b Photos show NC environmental regulators missed large crack in dam at Duke  ...
e Shia LaBeouf arrested by the police – Celebrity Scandals
b Reports: Ford decides CEO succession
t Microsoft To Lay Off 18000, Including 50% of Nokia Workers
e Kris Jenner Shares Father's Day Throwback Picture, Thanks Bruce Jenner  ...
e Pamela Anderson Divorcing Rick Salomon Again!
e Coachella 2014: Music festival provides haven for foodies
b Bulgaria's President Plevneliev to dissolve parliament
t Utah gas prices see record increase in April
e NWA movie casts lead roles
t Opportunity now holds the off-Earth roving distance record
e Is this Hollywood's most unexpected couple?
e Phil Collins visits Alamo, donates his extensive collection of Texas Revolution  ...
t 70000 people want to be forgotten by Google
t Tesla Motors to share patents to spur electric car development
m FDA Grants Priority Review Designation for Purdue's Once-Daily Hydrocodone  ...
t Facebook says won't rebrand Oculus with own logo, interface
e Jon Hamm Reveals Previous Porn Industry Stint
e 'Mad Men' catch-up trailer highlights season 6's fun moments
b Case-Shiller: Home prices rise, but at slower rate
e Fox 2000 to Visit John Green's Paper Towns, Nat Wolff to Star
t Thinner than the iPad Air: Intel unveils first Broadwell-powered tablet at Computex
e Delayed 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2' Game Drops on Xbox One
b Gold adds 0.5% on week; oil scores a 2% weekly gain
e Phil Collins And The Alamo
t Internet Explorer users not secure: Vulnerability could allow remote code  ...
e Blues guitarist Johnny Winter dies at 70
b China manufacturing index hits five-month high: HSBC
m CDC: 1 in 10 deaths among working-age adults because of excessive drinking
b Bank of America loses $276m in quarter
m Study: Smartphones are making us bad parents
b Obama to announce new pollution targets for power plants
t Reduced Precision Unlikely To Negatively Impact Laser-Plasma Particle  ...
e Weekend Preview 2014: Clint Eastwood Returns With 'Jersey Boys' and Robert  ...
e Minneapolis rocker Kat Perkins wins 'save' to advance on 'The Voice'
m Dad who overdosed in Cincinnati-area play area gets prison
b Obama, Clinton have 'informal, private' lunch
e 'Godzilla' marks biggest opening of 2014 with $103M earnings at weekend box  ...
t The problem with Google's new smart watch
e Amazon Picks Up Six Pilots to Series, Renews Alpha House
e Final farewell for Peaches Geldof
t Digitimes Research: Android TV facing same difficulties as Google TV  ...
t Bigger Microsoft Surface Pro 3 Coming Today (Rumor)
e The Buzz (July 1, 6 p.m.)
e HBO Greenlights Two More Seasons of 'Game of Thrones'
t US Mayors Approve Climate Change Resolution
t iOS 8 Supported Apple Devices
t Apple debuts new banners in retail stores, showcases iPhone and iPad through  ...
t Watch Dogs: Top 5 Reviews You Need to Read
t Microsoft is killing its Android smartphones after just four months
t Apple's iPhone 6 'out in September'
b Solid US factory output bolsters economy
e Listen to Full Song in New 'Orange Is the New Black' Trailer, "Jungle"
t These Reform Groups HATE Comcast's Plans To Take Over Time Warner Cable
t With Nest, Google homes in on smart-home blueprint
e Some Creepy, Hidden Mad Men Messages to Keep Your Eye On
m Join Relay For Life in the fight against cancer
e Marion Cotillard Runs Circles Around The Met Gala In Dior
t Maybe These GIFs of Titanium Deflector Shields Will Shut Tesla's Critics Up
m Being cynical may hurt your brain health!
t Asteroid hunting group says powerful asteroids strike Earth surprisingly often
b 2 dozen legislators running opposed this year
t Microsoft Launches Cheaper Office 365 Personal
t Dinosaurs Took A Middle Road Between Warm- And Cold-Blooded
e David Arquette gets engaged to girlfriend Christina McLarty
e Chelsea Handler's show to end in August
t Tesla Motors Announces New, Affordable Model For 2017
e Selena Gomez drops 'toxic' friends
b Fannie And Freddie Reform--The Right Way
t Publishers play it safe at Electronic Entertainment Expo
t Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Begins Removing Search Results
e Godzilla director Gareth Edwards praises Vancouver
m Petco to stop selling treats made in China after pet deaths reported
t Twitter's Mute Feature Reaches iOS, Android, And Web
e Game of Thrones Season 4 Spoiler: Killer Revealed and It's Not Tyrion Lannister
m Blood test could predict Alzheimer's disease
m Blood of Young Mice Could Be Key to Reverse Aging
e Drew Barrymore Responds To Half-Sister, Jessica Barrymore's Death: Was  ...
e Jimmy Fallon + Billy Joel + iPad = Doo-Wop Trio
e 9/11 Memorial Museum To Open Its Doors
b Samsung forecasts slump in Q2 profits
b Book publisher Hachette says working to resolve Amazon dispute
e Game Of Thrones character's name revealed accidentally by HBO in episode  ...
e Muppet Mania! Man Sings 'Rainbow Connection' in 12 Muppet Voices
e Of Note April 12
e More officials indicted in 'Midnight Rider' train death
e Marc Webb Stalking Kraven For 'Spider-Man' Villain?
t Heartbleed could harm a variety of systems
e Rooney burial site finalized
m Columbus health officials recommend kids without vaccinations stay home if  ...
e Emma Stone Is Woody Allen's New Muse: What Does It Mean?
e 'House of Cards' actor Corey Stoll in talks for Marvel's 'Ant-Man' role with Paul  ...
b Asia shares slip after US sell-off, BoJ meeting eyed
e X-Men: Days Of Future Past -Brand New Trailer Released
b EM ASIA FX-Won, rupiah and Philippine peso retreat
e Did you see 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier' this weekend? Share your  ...
b Larry Summers' Really Quite Extraordinary Argument About The Export-Import  ...
t Google buys drone maker Titan Aerospace to spread Internet
t Samsung S5 officially launched in Libya – with the rest of the world
t In content censorship India is in the top possition of the world,Facebook's  ...
t Samsung Galaxy Gear 3 smartwatch to feature SIM card slot
e Bill Murray crashes stranger's bachelor party, gives impromptu speech
b Michael Steinberg of SAC Capital sentenced to prison for insider trading
e Selena Gomez - Selena Gomez' parents 'vehemently opposed' to reunion with  ...
m In food-poisoning search, officials call for Yelp
m Health Experts Plead Action to Prevent Skin Cancer Epidemic in New Zealand
b Target Hires Pepsi Executive as New CEO
e Neil Patrick Harris says he got 'Jared Leto manorexic' to star in 'Hedwig and the  ...
t Tonight's Meteor Shower Will Be Like Watching the Jump to Light Speed
t Change text size for the story
t PlayStation Network recovers from hack
b US fourth-quarter growth raised to 2.6%
b PetSmart SVP Sells $312123 in Stock (PETM)
t 'Titanfall's' first DLC launches this week on Xbox One and PC
b Allergan set to approach Shire Plc once again: report
b Retail Sales Narrowly Miss Street Views in May
b IRS Employees recieved bonuses despite tax compliance problems
e Happy Birthday, North West: Here's To One Year Of You Living Better Than The  ...
b Candy Crush maker valued at more than $7bn in IPO
t Google Testing New GMail Design
b Bankers 'must swear oath' after scandals, says report
t Google Glass Gets Fashionable Lift from Luxottica Group
e Pink Floyd to release new album this October, The Endless River
b GM's Latest Recall Has Echoes of Earlier Ignition Defect
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S Release Date: Phone Maker Taking Pre-Orders For July  ...
t UPDATE 3-Apple expands buybacks by $30 bln, OKs 7-for-1 stock split
e Actress Christina Ricci pregnant with first child
t Apple-IBM alliance a big setback for BlackBerry
b Oil Futures Slide, Brent Hovers Around $114/bbl
t California Inches One Step Closer To Making The Smartphone 'Kill-Switch' A  ...
e Chris Brown Sentenced to Four Months in Jail
t Microsoft on their way to fix Internet Explorer bug
e Disney quietly raises ticket, parking prices
t Apple reportedly working on Spotify competitor, iTunes Android app
b Murdoch's Time Warner Grab Puts M&A Regulators on Notice
t #GoogleIO2014: Next Android version to have better performance, revamped UI
b BMW Sees Significant Increase In FY14 Pre-tax Profit, Sales Volume; Shares Up
e Zac Efron Drug Relapse - NEVER WENT TO REHAB - Friends Report Zac Off  ...
b Is Snapchat The Next $10 Billion Startup?
t Tech: 7 New Things YouTube Revealed …
b Near-term turnaround unlikely for Urban Outfitters
e '22 Jump Street' rises to the top of box-office charts
b SAC's Michael Steinberg sentenced to 42 months in prison
b Al-Sisi meets Moroccan foreign minister
e Louis Tomlinson: Does He Use N-Word in One Direction Pot Video?
b BlackBerry posts smaller than expected loss as Chen reforms take root
b Popeyes buys its founder's recipes in $43 million deal
m replace srinivasan with sunil gavaskar as bcci chief says sc
e Madonna dresses up as Mother of Dragons
m Smoking bans cut premature births and childhood asthma attacks
e Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Ditch North West Once Again Amid Divorce Reports
e VOICE VIEWS: A look back at Christina Grimmie's performances on The Voice
t Microsoft Office Free Download for iPhone and Android
m You are here! Home > Features Analyses > Healthy lifestyle can undo heart  ...
e New Chattanooga area churches forming Easter traditions
e 'Designing Women' co-star Meshach Taylor dead at 67
m National Walking Day
b SA awaits credit ratings
t Samsung Galaxy S5 camera defect doesn't affect India units, company says
t Apple's Days At the Top Are Numbered – Leading Investor's Stark Warning
b EUR/GBP Fundamental Analysis March 27, 2014 Forecast
m Alcohol abuse kills 3.3m people per yr - WHO
e Professor Green defends One Direction over 'joint' video
e Lohan sues in NYC over 'Grand Theft Auto V' game
t Why Did Google Buy Songza? (Analysis)
e Beyonce and Jay Z rumoured to be touring together this summer!
t Air quality worsening in world cities: WHO
t Mazda recalling cars because spiders can damage
e Justin Bieber's ex-bodyguard: He's not racist
e Neil Young brings his digital music vision to SXSW
e Tom Cruise dating Laura Prepon? Here's the rumor roundup
e Miss Nevada Nia Sanchez crowned as 63rd Miss USA
e Sex Tape shocker
t Button Quota? Facebook Releases Relationship Ask
b Amazon customers could soon shop from Twitter
t Japan says Bitcoin not a currency, but taxable
b Microsoft Earnings Preview: Software Giant Transitions From Value To Growth
t Montana T-Rex headed to Washington D.C.
b US new-home sales drop 14.5 per cent in March; worst sales rate in 8 months
t States With The Highest Gas Prices
e Sanrio says, "Hello Kitty is not a cat." Whaaa?
t AT&T considers Atlanta for "gigabit" Internet
e Going to watch Guardians of the Galaxy this weekend? Watch this first.
m Parents of Sick Teen Justina Pelletier, Accused of Verbally Abusing Hospital  ...
e Zoe Saldana - Zoe Saldana Avoided Watching Rosemary's Baby Before Tv  ...
t South Korea based LG bets on high end OLED technology as future of televisions
b EUR/USD dips on solid personal spending data
e Rachelle turns 'bad-ass' in Dome
t Cherokee Limited 4Ã-4 : Up to date, but not quite up to speed
e Lindsay Lohan to star in David Mamet's 'Speed-the-Plow'
e Peaches Geldof: the wild child who became a hippyish devoted mother
b Barclays To Cut 7000 Investment Banking Jobs In Major Review
b Tax refund theft steals from us all
b Yahoo nominates co-founder, 2 others to join board
e Selena Gomez Rushes to Justin Bieber's Side as Felony Charges Filed Against  ...
b Tax dodging: George Osborne plans to strengthen criminal law
e 'Tammy' delivers standard Melissa McCarthy: 3 Minute Movie Review
m Missouri should treat e-cigarettes the same as other tobacco products
b Greenberg: The Tesla-izing of SolarCity?
t A Video Got Leaked Out About iPhone 6 Right At The WWDC Preparations
t Pew study: Americans have a love-hate relationship with technology
e Legendary Comic Book Character Archie Will Die This July
e Let it all out Zac
b After F-35 jet catches fire, military grounds entire fleet while investigation  ...
m Saturated Fatty Acid Not Associated with Coronary Artery Disease?
e Authorities: Clamp snapped during hair-hanging circus accident
t Leaked: Microsoft will launch 'selfie' smartphone soon
b Solar trade war: U.S. DOC sets preliminary anti-subsidy tariffs at 19-35% on  ...
t Chromecast arrives in the UK
t Asteroid to Black Out Bright Star Regulus
b What's the Deal with America's Declining Workforce?
e Chris Brown Heads Early to Trial on Assault Charge
t GM Faces Congressional Probe over Slow Recall
e 5 Seconds of Summer Gets Own US Tour “Rock Out With Your Socks Out”
b Apex court dismisses Subrata Roy's plea to be put under house arrest
m Alcohol Kills 1 Person Every 10 Seconds, Report Says
b Russia, China sign contract on gas supplies worth USD 400 bln over 30 years
e Justin Bieber Admits Not Having Xanax Prescription During Deposition (VIDEO)
m Greenwood Relay event planned at Central Nine
e Bill de Blasio to sing 'I Love L.A.' on 'Jimmy Kimmel Live'
b Mayer's $10 billion decision
b HP to decide on Irish jobs future
m Expert Sun Safety Advice from Dr. Robert Chen of Acacia Dermatology
b Economic Model That is Utopian
e Thailand: From beaches to Bangkok, tourists ask 'What coup?'
m Hepatitis C Drug Continues Its Development
m County health officials: Guard against mosquito virus
e Video: Neil Patrick Harris and Jason Segel Sing 'Les Misérables'...Again
e Photos: Rihanna, Nicki Minaj, Iggy Azalea, Eminem & More Attend MTV Movie  ...
e Get On Up Review: Slaughterhouse-Funk
e Beyonce - Beyonce tops MTV VMA nominations
e Why Are So Many TV Stars Struggling To Turn Into Movie Stars?
e George Clooney Slams The Daily Mail for 'Fabricated' Report Suggesting Future  ...
e Disney Plans Third 'Cars' Movie and Second 'Incredibles' Film
m Nonprofit grades Franklin Co. hospital as a C
e Lohan miscarriage; Brown's bodyguard convicted
b Subway will phase out 'Yoga mat' chemical by next week
b Pfizer defends proposed AstraZeneca deal
e Neil Patrick Harris poses naked for Rolling Stone (Photo)
e Q&A: 'Sharknado 2' Writer on Celebrity Cameos, Misunderstood Sharks
e Kourtney Kardashian on Kim's Vogue cover: 'I've not seen any backlash'
e 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2,' a Safe Film for Christian Kids to Watch, Says Jamie  ...
m New Survey: 4 in 10 Teens Have Never Thought About Teen Pregnancy
t Report gauges US impacts of global warming
t Chinese court rules against Apple in patent case (Update)
t Samsung to Release High-End Galaxy Tab S Tablets in 8.4-inch, 10.5-inch  ...
b Fannie Mae to pay U.S. $5.7B after 1Q profit
m E-cigs May Boost Drug-resistant Pathogens
m FDA propose new rules for e-cigarette manufacturers
t Musk: SpaceX Making 'Progress' Toward Mars Colony
e The NFL Is Now Seeking Over $16 Million In Lawsuit Against M.I.A. for Middle  ...
t Apple, Google, Intel and Adobe will pay $325 million to settle hiring collusion  ...
e 'Orange is the New Black' season two trailer released (Video)
t GM recalls 4,75000 more vehicles due to software problem
b FAA official: Drone, jetliner nearly collided
t MIT creates controllable living conductor material
e Securing US Vogue cover dream come true: Kim Kardashian
e Kourtney and Khloe Kardashian rent $14 million Hamptons mansion to film new  ...
m World Health Organization: Air pollution kills 7 million people a year
t Heart Bleed Bug Test: Healthcare.gov Flagged
e 'Batkid' is back: Trailer shows behind the scenes of boy's fantasy
e Jay Z And Solange Apologise After Lift Fight
t Samsung to Challenge Patent Trial Verdict
e Selena Gomez shows off her new 'Love yourself first' tattoo written in Arabic - PICS
e Keith Richards wants to publish a children's book
b AbbVie hikes bid for Shire to $51bn
t Microsoft planning to announce new Surface Pro tablets on May 20: Report
e Leonardo DiCaprio is the latest victim of death rumours
e Katherine Heigl says she overdid it with the romantic comedies
e Matt Damon completes charity Ice Bucket Challenge with toilet water
m Dr. Oz Responds to Senate Scolding: "I Am Accountable"
b US stocks drift lower in morning trading
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 and 10.5: First impressions
e This Is Where I Leave You Trailer – Shawn Levy does something different with  ...
e Richard Attenborough, Oscar winning actor and director dies at 90
e Transformers dominates the Box Office earning the top spot
e 'X-Men' Director Accused Of Sex Abuse
e Paul McCartney returns to stage after hospitalization
e 'The Blacklist' Season 2: Liz, Agent Ressler's Chemistry and Feelings to Remain  ...
e Miley Cyrus hits stage in just a bra and underwear
e Kim And Kanye Officially Husband And Wife
b Dollar falls against euro, near 3-week yen high
t Both iPhones AND the iWatch now said to arrive September 9
b US 4Q economic growth revised higher
b S&P 500 Rises on Yellen as Europe Gains, Treasuries Fall
m Baker: Mass. should keep control of health website
t NASA launches carbon-studying satellite after 2009 failure
e Game of Thrones season 4 premiere crashes HBO GO
b German business confidence index Ifo drops
e Batman V Superman: Dawn of Justice official title of Man of Steel sequel
e Mariah Carey Gets Diamond Bracelet From Nick Cannon for Birthday
b Taco Bell taps real-life Ronald McDonalds in television ads to promote new  ...
t AT&T in 'advanced discussions' to bring gigabit internet speeds to the Triangle
e TVtype: Diane Sawyer is stepping down as anchor of ABC's “World News”
m Debbie Gibson has Lyme disease.
e Amazon Prime to distribute old shows from HBO
e 'Guardians of the Galaxy' Screening: Chris Pratt, Zoe Saldana, Vin Diesel Hit  ...
b Nestle reports sales drop in first quarter
b Ca-ching! Morgan Stanley doubles earnings
m U.S. Surgeon General warns against dangers of tanning
e Chris Brown's Trial Pushed Back Due To Bodyguard
e India-born technocrat joins battle with top US broadcasters
b Hindustan Ambassador - 7 Interesting Facts
e Who poisoned and killed Joffrey? – King Joffrey Baratheon dies at his own  ...
t Google, Novartis team up on 'smart' contact lens for health
e Los Angeles Police: Legendary Hollywood actor Mickey Rooney has died at age  ...
t Samsung Galaxy S4 vs Nexus 5 – Price and Specs Comparison
m West Nile lies low, for now; don't let up on prevention
e Son of Nazi art plunderer dies before returning art
m Equipment dispatched to contain Ebola outbreak in Guinea
e Okay, Melissa McCarthy. The shtick is getting old.
e 'Transformers: Age Of Extinction': Will It Get Summer Box Office Out Of Its Funk?
e 'Man Vs Food' Star Adam Richman Pulled Off Air For SHOCKING 'Inexcusable  ...
b Where the Uber Meets the Road
t Nokia X2 Expected June 24 But Not In The U.S.
e CINEMANIA: Spectacular effects drive 'Transformers: Age of Extinction'
e Normal Heart's Jim Parsons on Coming Out and Why Larry Kramer Scared the  ...
b Hedge fund returns hit by China volatility
b Obamacare's 6-Million Target Hit as Exchange Sees Visits Surge
b Michaels has tepid market return
b Asian shares rise; Nikkei gives up gains on BOJ
t Is net neutrality dying? Has the FCC killed it? What comes next? Here's what you  ...
m Experts Say Oscar Pistorius Was Not Mentally Ill During Shooting
m WHO moves to control Ebola virus in Guinea
e Drake, Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez winners at MuchMusic Video Awards  ...
e September is fit for a new Prince album
b The U.S. home sales declined unexpectedly
e L'Wren Scott Death: Mick Jagger 'Devastated' By Fashion Designer Girlfriend's  ...
t Google will have sole control over the interfaces of Android Auto, Wear and TV
e Mayweather, rapper apparently duke it out at Fatburger
e Christians around the world start Holy Week with Palm Sunday services
e Resurrection carries special meaning in today's world
t Android Wear: 5 Things Developers Need to Know
e Harry Potter 'Fantastic Beasts' Spinoff Will Consist Of 'Three Megamovies'
t China calls for 'severe punishment' for US tech
t Watch Dogs release date, trailer; Conan O'Brien tries the game out [Watch]
b Alibaba's Impending NYSE Float Shows E-Commerce is a Thriving Global Market
b City forced to dump millions of gallons of drinking water after urine incident
t The Out-of-This-World Cup
e James Franco lashes out at theater critic
b Japan Retail Sales Decline in June, Honda Quarterly Net Rises
e Michael Chiklis joining cast of American Horror Story, to film in New Orleans
b State's jobless rate falls to 6.4 percent
t Were dinosaurs warm-blooded or cold-blooded? Yes, say scientists.
b UPDATE 1-ECB's Mersch says must act fast to remove ABS stigma in Europe
b Asian stocks decline on Fed; H-share index enters bear market
b ECB stimulus talk knocks euro
e Jay Leno awarded Mark Twain Prize for humour
m Teva files a citizen petition regarding approvability of generic versions of  ...
b WWE Raw: Potential Spoilers, Rumors, News and Preview for June 30
b Portland reservoir urination case: Prosecution, cleaning and cost
e James Franco To Direct Off-Broadway Play
e Britney Spears - Britney Spears' Sister Weds In Las Vegas
t 2013 HTC One expected to receive Sense 6.0 update before June
b Footage shows women survive being run over by train
b McDonald's Has Its Own Employees Arrested In Hamburger University Wage  ...
t 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Reportedly Delayed Due to Battery Issues
e Chris Harrison Says Chubby & Gay Men Need Not Apply to 'Bachelor'
t Supermoons visible this summer
e Watch Jay-Z and Beyonce's fake movie trailer for 'On The Run' tour
b ExxonMobil Posts 2Q EPS Beat
t Study: Fossil Soaring Bird Had Huge WIingspan
e Arrest Warrant Issued for Veteran R&B Singer Anita Baker
e Church briefs
m Sitting all day, or all night, may bring on higher risk of certain cancers, says new  ...
m Health conspiracy theories are widely believed
e 'Game of Thrones' recap: 'Kingslayer' seeks redemption
b Malaysia plans to remove Malaysia Airlines from stock exchange
b IG: IRS awarded bonuses to employees disciplined for misconduct
b Apple Buys Beats: Iovine, Cue and the $3 Billion Deal
e 'Neighbors' movie review: Crude jokes and bromances abound
b UK Unemployment Steady, Earnings Growth Accelerates
e Shailene Woodley 'Begged' For The Fault In Our Stars Film To Be Made
b Chevron 2Q profit climbs 5.6 percent
t Hackers penetrate Avast's forums, compromise accounts
e R&B singer-songwriter Bobby Womack, who influenced Rolling Stones, has died  ...
e Jennifer Lopez, Laverne Cox among winners at GLAAD Media Awards
t Report: FCC's proposed middle ground net neutrality rules come under fire
t Gasoline prices continue to go up
t FCC Proposing New Internet Rules
b UPDATE 2-US fines Morgan Stanley for not segregating client funds
e Game Of Thrones Season 4, Episode 3 Preview: Watch The Fallout From Last  ...
e Profits in prophets
b US economy growth forecast sharply cut
b Twitter COO Rowghani Resigns, No Replacement Expected
b Objects could be Malaysia Airlines debris; weather hampers search
t Microsoft: Chinese Govt Officials Make Sudden Visits to China Offices
b American Apparel ousts founder Dov Charney over alleged misconduct
e George Clooney accuses Daily Mail of fabricating story about his fiancée
b Wal-Mart To Launch New Money Transfer Service
e Jessica Simpson Weds
m E-cigarettes CAN help people kick the habit: Study finds they are 60% more  ...
t Why Apple is using IBM as a Trojan Horse to crack the enterprise market
e Kit Harington's Hair Has its Own Contract
t 1700′s Ship Near WTC 9/11 Crash Site Mystery Solved!
e Lindsay Lohan turns reality star in Oprah's docu-series
b Obamacare's encroachment on human liberty matters
e Kaley Cuoco is practicing being a mother on dogs
b Asian Shares Gain on Yellen Remarks
b Measurement Specialties Shareholder Alert: Former SEC Attorney Willie Briscoe  ...
e Girl tweets American Airlines, arrested for threat: Pleads 'I'm a white girl'
b Siemens steps into race to acquire Alstom
e Paul Walker Receives Kind Words From Co-Star
e Andi Dorfman's Parents Tweet Josh and Andi: “We Are Both So Happy For You”
b Copper plunges on Chinese company default
e Selena Gomez Shows Off New Tattoo, Britney Spears Dine & Dashes + More on  ...
e Will Ferrell and Chad Smith engage in drum-off on Jimmy Fallon's Tonight Show
t 2014 Moab: Jeep Grand Cherokee Trail Warrior
e Annie Leibovitz Pulled Out of Kimye's Wedding Last Minute
t Nokia will soon be Microsoft Mobile, hints email leak
m West Nile virus detected in Umatilla County
e Pharrell sheds tears of joy after watching fans dance to 'Happy'
t Samsung Galaxy Young 2 Ready To Rock And Roll
b Consumer confidence rebounds in sign of optimism
b Feds looking to end bond purchasing program in October
b Is Discovery the Next Target in Big Media's Content Takeover?
e 'With hearts full of sadness,' Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin separate
b China CBRC Said to Ask Banks to Accelerate Mortgage Lending (1)
b IBM's quarterly revenue sinks to 5-year low
e Gabriel Garcia Marquez hailed as literary giant by global leaders, artists after  ...
e 'Game Of Thrones' Season 4, Episode 5 Recap: Petyr Baelish Is The Puppet  ...
m Slaughterhouse recalls 4012 pounds of beef
t Surface Pro 3: everything you'll want to know
b Colorado's Plan To Cut Ski-Town Health Premiums Gets Approval
b US stock head lower for a third day straight
t The Loch Ness Monster, brought to you by Apple
m Edwards Lifesciences' Aortic Heart Valve Gets FDA Approval - Analyst Blog
t Another report says Xbox also getting virtual reality/augmented reality device
b GM recalls 3.2M more cars in US due to ignition switch problems
t The next Windows Phone 8.1 handset may be all about selfies
m Low vitamin D tied to premature death, Study
b Business people, May 6, 2014
e Pregnant Christina Aguilera strips for revealing magazine spread
e Floyd Mayweather: Does He Want TI's Wife? Truth Revealed
e Motion Picture Association of America sues defunct Megaupload website over  ...
m Heavy Metal Music can be Hazardous to your Brain
e Why TV's Judge Joe Brown was sent to jail by a real judge
m Case numbers edge upward in West Africa Ebola outbreak
b Credit Suisse to pay $885 mn over US mortgages »
t Judge rules feds can read your email even if it's stored on overseas server
e Olivia Palermo Secretly Got Married, And Here Is The First Photo Of Her  ...
t Dodge Viper Time Attack Spotted in the Wild
b IMF chief on graft `negligence' rap
e Five Things to Know for Your New Day – Thursday, March 20
e Movie review: 'Begin Again' is music to your heart
m Samsung chairman hospitalized after heart attack
m CDC links 1 in 10 deaths to excess drinking
b Fitch Publishes Sector Credit Factors for Japanese Insurers
e Miley Cyrus and Selena Gomez Zone 2014: 'Come & Get It' Singer Breaks  ...
e EXCLUSIVE: Anita Feels 'Terrorized' by Lawsuit
t Why Mercs are selling like hot cakes
t Cute Pet? Research May Now Have an Answer
e Tammy (New Line Cinema, R)
e Mila Kunis & Ashton Kutcher Expecting
b MH370: France Is the Third Country to Capture Satellite Images of Debris in the  ...
b Biz Break: HP's turnaround not coming quickly
e Game of Thrones S4E6 recap: Tyrion faces judgment
t International court tells Japan to stop whale hunt
e Mark Ruffalo takes on daunting role as pioneering AIDS activist
e Could Lea Michele be dating a gigolo as it's reported her boyfriend 'moonlights  ...
e 'Transformers' dominates weekend box office
e In your face! Julia Roberts has a ball with Jimmy Fallon on 'Tonight'
e Angelina Jolie Aware Of Fame Helping Parenthood: "I'm Not a Single Mom With  ...
e Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez Back Together 2014? Video Seems to Indicate  ...
t Dropbox and you: A future where apps drive cloud storage
m New guidelines from pediatricians: Read to your babies
b NTSB: 2013 Asiana plane crash due to pilot mismanagement
e Stars gather to support Bob as daughter Peaches laid to rest
e Miley Cyrus postpones Bangers tour until August
m 4-wheeler accident kills Lake City man
e The band's set flashes bizarre messages as they close the final night of the  ...
b Tesla's Elon Musk blames Ford for killing SEX
m Suicide Blood Test Is Here, Research Says
b German Chancellor Angela Merkel arrives in Greece
t Doomsday Asteroids: 26 Multi-Kilotons Explosions on Earth Detected; Will the  ...
t See a Spectacular Meteor Shower in the UAE on Friday 23 May!
e 'The Bachelorette' 2014 Spoilers: Nick Hits Andi 'Below The Belt,' Makes  ...
b Citigroup Nears $7 Billion Settlement
b Today is Equal Pay Day--No One's Favorite Holiday
m E-cigarettes Do Not Reduce Cigarette Consumption New Study Reveals
b Microsoft, Oracle, IBM still rule enterprise software: But look out, here comes the  ...
b Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Completes $43M Recipe Purchase
b Tesla Motors Given New $275.00 Price Target at Wedbush (TSLA)
m Governor Cuomo to eradicate HIV infection
m Study: E-cigs don't help smokers quit
b Sbarro files for Chapter 11, vows quick recovery
e Robin Thicke and Paula Patton
b Kiwi firm near three-year high; greenback awaits Fed minutes
b Why Allergan may have to give in to Valeant and Bill Ackman's US$47-billion bid
m Stripping wood — doing it right
t HTC One 2014 aka M8 coming to AT&T and Verizon – Release Date, Features  ...
e The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water Trailer Ventures Outside Of A  ...
e Feds yank approval for 'Palcohol' powdered alcohol
m 1.8 million pounds of beef recalled, linked to E. coli
b US close: Dow dives as geopolitical tensions heat up
e Veronica Mars Gets Kickstarted Into Adulthood
b Disappointing Chinese exports halt stocks, hammer commodities
e True Blood: Anna Paquin stars in new final season trailer - watch
t Writers And Editors Call Out Amazon For Going After Hachette, But Will It Matter?
t Former archbishop of Canterbury reveals global climate change fears
e Miley Cyrus 'on medical rest' in hospital
m W. African Authorities Adopt Common Strategy to Fight Ebola
m Relay inspires support system
e Courtney Love to guest star in new Sons Of Anarchy series
b Exxon Profit Surges, Production Slips
b BlackBerry revenue falls below a $1 billion as company sells few new BlackBerrys
t FCC eyes new rules on Net
m Sapien XT FDA approved for high-risk, inoperable patients
e Pharrell Williams replacing CeeLo Green as coach on The Voice
e Niagara Falls to hit big screen in “Tammy”
e Why Do Europeans Make The Trek To The Ultra Music Festival?
b Dan DeWalt: NObamaCare – or thanks but no thanks
t Fitch Affirms Comcast (CMCSA) IDRs at 'A-' Following Asset Divestiture Plan
t Moon-orbiting robot crashes just as planned
e Kim Kardashian upset after Obama rejects chance to meet her
b Sacci concerned about metals strike
b Buy Boeing Shares Following Big Buy Order From Emirates Airline
b Wall Street rally fizzles on Ukraine worries; commodities gain
e How I Met Your Mother: 25 Best Moments From The Finale
t Internet giants push FCC hard on net neutrality in clash with providers (+video)
m GSK recalls diet pill after fear of tampering
e Shaun White shows up to prom, after fan made video asking him
b E-filing the norm now on Tax Day
b Holcim and Lafarge confirm merger deal »
m TV in Children's Bedroom Linked to Reduced Sleep
e 'Scandal' Checklist: Papa Was a Rolling Stone
b Vatican Bank profits tumble after accounts clean-up
b Will you abandon cabs for UberX?
t Google Is Following You Offline to Undermine Amazon
e 'Neighbors' beats Spidey at box office
b Darden announces sale of Red Lobster
t First eclipse in lunar tetrad will appear Tuesday morning
b Video: Pilot narrowly avoids tragedy in Barcelona
e George Clooney slams Daily Mail for 'irresponsible' and 'dangerous' story
t The Console War Continues: Playstation 4 vs Xbox One - July 2014
e Winslet honored on Hollywood Walk of Fame
e 22 Jump Street Gets to Poke Fun at Sequels and Make Sequel Money — What a  ...
e What Matt Lauer's 'Today' show contract extension REALLY means
m National HIV Testing Day: Know your status
e Miley Cyrus' Tour Bus Caught On Fire (See Video!)
b Why Turkey banned Twitter
t Sunday Roundup
e US Sitcom 'How I Met Your Mother' Ends
e X-men director Bryan Singer's gay sex Scandal: Twitter reacts
m US data shows autism rates up 30%, but disease not necessarily 'more common'
b GoPro camera maker goes public, climbs above initial stock price
e How Will It All End?
b Philip Morris Focuses on Hot E-Cigarettes to Overcome Expected Cool Earnings
b Goldman Sachs Says Gold's Unexpected Rally will Fizzle Out
b Ex-P&G CEO McDonald Nominated to Head of Veterans Affairs
m Human stem cell treatment helps mice with MS-like condition walk again
b Chinese, Vietnamese coastguards square off as oil rig dispute escalates
t HTC One 2 Live Stream Free, Release Date: Watch Webcast Online 'All New  ...
e Lawsuit: Seth MacFarlane's 'Ted' ripped off 'Charlie the Abusive Bear'
t HTC One Android KitKat update recommences
b States sue 5-hour Energy drink maker over ad claims
b NYC Grocery Bag Fees: Will You Pay 10 Cents Per Bag?
m Fist bumps cleaner than handshakes
e Britney Spears Flies to Louisiana for Jamie Lynn's Wedding!
b Euro Falls Most in Seven Weeks as Draghi Signals Easing in June
t NASA robotic spacecraft ends mission with crash into the moon 0
e Frank Grillo: from soap fave to leading man
b Who's mining the store? 9 top takeaways, legislative recommendations, and  ...
e Angelina Jolie confirms she and Brad Pitt will star in a new movie
e Julia Collins sets Jeopardy! record
e Bob Hastings, known for 'McHale's Navy' after starting in radio, dead at 89
e Columbus Short of 'Scandal' sccused of threatening wife with murder-suicide
m No shots, no school amid Ohio umps outbreak
e The Bachelorette Season 10 (2014) Major Finale Spoilers: Josh Murray Vs Nick  ...
e Movie Review: 'Transformers: Age of Extinction'
b Florida condo values rise twice as fast as houses
t How to install Android L preview on your Nexus 5, 7
t LG to unveil flagship G3 smartphone later this week, key details accidentally  ...
e The X-Men Villains we CRAVE!
t Gas prices spike again; supply to blame
t Amazon Fire Phone Announced, Prime Instant Video, Music And New Service  ...
t Apple to begin production of 12.9in supersized iPad in Q1 2015
e Kimye wedding celebrations
e Kim Kardashian channels Marie Antoinette at her bachelorette party
b Six states sign agreement to work together to restore Chesapeake Bay
b Cyber charges put more strain US-China relations
t Facebook app gives free internet access in Zambia
b Eli Lilly to buy Novartis' animal health unit for $5.4 billion
e 3 big claims still unresolved for Michael Jackson's estate
t US official warns that hackers are attempting to exploit the pervasive 'Heartbleed  ...
b Postal Service makes “back door deal,” union charges
e 'Rio 2' Soars Past 'Captain America' on Friday, Eyes $45 Million Weekend Box  ...
b US open: Stocks mixed despite relatively upbeat data
t Rumor – Microsoft Office for Apple iPad Set for March 27 Release Date
m E-Cigarettes Help Smokers Quit 60% More Effectively
m Blood Protein to Rejuvenate Brain of Mice
e In Abramson firing, Times says gender not an issue
t Tibetans Inherited High-Altitude Gene From Extinct Denisovan Ancestor
t 2014 W11 news in review: Find 7, Moto and LG smartwatches
b HHS Has Authority To Grant Exceptions to Open Enrollment
m Ghana to host sub-regional meeting on Ebola
m Alzheimer's Diagnosis Expanding To Catch Early Warning Signs
t LG G Watch revealed along with Android Wear
b $9.1 Billion Energy Merger May Be Just the Start
e Batman v Superman title revealed
b Amazon Will Have Exclusive Rights to Some HBO Series
e Viral video shows 5-year-old who doesn't want brother to grow up
t Facebook to deliver internet from the sky!
e OMG: Miley Cyrus Postpones 'Bangerz' Tour
b US trade deficit down $1.5 billion in March
t Easter morning delivery for space station; SpaceX shipment arrives 2 days after  ...
b AutoNation (AN) CEO Jackson Backs Tesla's (TSLA) Direct-Sales Efforts
t Honda Recalls 900000 Odyssey Vans in U.S.
e Video: Beyonce, Taylor Swift and More Perform at 2014 MTV Video Music Awards
t The New York Times Company (NYT) news: New digital packages from The  ...
e International Day of Happiness
t Fruit flies show mark of intelligence in thinking before they act
b BP declares end to active Gulf coast cleanup
t 'Magic Island' Appears In Titan's Ocean Ligeia Mare
t Samsung Galaxy S5 vs LG G Pro 2 - Price and Specs Comparison
b Intel Raises Guidance On Improved Business PC Demand - INTC
t Killer asteroid 'just a matter of time'
e A brutal rape scene in last week's show prompted an immediate backlash.
t SpaceX Falcon 9 Rocket Finally Blasts Off to Send Dragon Cargo Capsule to ISS
t Windows Phone 8.1 Update: Microsoft Announces Full Update of 8.1 Platform
t Amazon launches unlimited e-book plan
e Kristen Bell is pregnant with her second child 9:05AM
e Brad Pitt to Star in 'The Operators,' The Rise and Fall of Gen. Stanley McChrystal
e Lea Michele Wishes Cory Monteith Happy Posthumous Birthday
t Eleven More Amazing iOS 8 Features Not Mentioned at WWDC
t Microsoft Reportedly Working on iOS Compatible Fitness Band
b WTO Ruling Against China Likely to Worsen Tensions Between China and the US
e Mix of emotions marks dedication of Sept. 11 museum
m Why a see-through mouse is a big deal for scientists
e Zac Efron Reveals He Would '100 Percent' Do 'High School Musical' Reunion
t Is it possible to escape constant email at work?
e Tom Cruise Is Back (And Back, And Back Again!) in Edge of Tomorrow
b Amazon Tries to Woo Authors in Hachette Dispute
m 'Goddess' Juno holds key to women's fertility
m Out of 11 Rich Nations, Here's Where America's Health Care System Ranks
e SXSW: Neil Young's PonoMusic Goes Live on Kickstarter
b AT&T close to buying DirecTV for $50 billion
e McCarthy gets laughs in locally filmed comedy
t Asana finally treats mobile as equal citizen with new iOS app
b Oz takes lead in Boeing hunt
b Mt. Gox files for bankruptcy in US
t Planes on alert as volcano erupts
e Mick Jagger Speaks On Girlfriend L'Wren Scott's Suicide
e Lana Del Rey Denies Earning $2.8M Singing at KimYe's Wedding: I Did It for Free
b BofA Suspends Capital Plan After Accounting Error
e Kim Kardashian Twitter Rant about Wedding:'We are not filming our wedding for  ...
e French fancy: Kim Kardashian considers faux chateau near Paris as potential  ...
e Hugh Jackman has another skin cancer removed, urges fans to wear sunscreen  ...
b US law firm launches legal action over MH370
t International Court of Justice orders halt on Japanese whaling
e The Shield Actor Michael Jace Arrested Over Wife Killing
e Dylan's 'Like a Rolling Stone' draft sells for $2M - ABC6 - Providence, RI and  ...
e SiriusXM fires 'Opie & Anthony' host over tweets
m 1 in 68 children are diagnosed with autism
t Facebook crashes worldwide
b Burger King Wants to Cut its Exposure to Hamburgers, Not Just Taxes
e 'Star Wars' snatches up 'Godzilla' director Gareth Edwards
b US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall St ends higher after Yellen's comments
e Watch The Roots React to the 'Fifty Shades of Grey' Trailer
b Survey names LinkedIn chief top-rated CEO, Zuckerberg falls to No. 9
t General Motors Tells Dealers to Stop Cruze Sales
e Watch Oprah Winfrey's original audition tape for her daytime talk show
e Did Miley Cyrus Deserve to Win the Video of the Year VMA Award for 'Wrecking  ...
e Dawn of the Planet of the Apes Actor Commentary
m UCSF: E-cigarettes expose people to more than harmless vapor, should be  ...
e Barack Obama mourns death of poet, author Maya Angelou
e Listen to New Prince Song "The Breakdown"
e Why I Actually Liked The How I Met Your Mother Finale
e The Cliff-Notes for Scandal Season Three - Catch Up for the Finale!
b Should the government ban the Washington football team's trademark? A  ...
e Famous Feline Hello Kitty Isn't Actually a Cat
e 'The Bachelorette': Andi Was Right To Send Cody Home Early
e Marvel Releases Thanos Pic From Guardians of the Galaxy
m Government autism estimate increases to 1 in 68 children, a 30 percent move in  ...
m Alterations to single gene could predict risk of suicide attempt
e Mila Kunis, reportedly pregnant, and Channing Tatum joke about engagement
t Investor's Alert: The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), Vodafone Group) (NASDAQ  ...
b Kleiner to Invest in Snapchat at Near-$10B Valuation: Report
e Bryan Cranston helps teen ask girl to the prom
e Kanye West has a new lady in his life: Singer Pia Mia
t NASA's Chief: 'Survival Of Human Race' Depends On Mission To Mars
b George Osborne: UK Jobs Growth Proves Austerity Critics Wrong
b Iraq's Kurds Start Exporting Oil Unilaterally
m Doctors' move to group practices kicks up cancer costs
b Free McDonald's small coffee during breakfast hours
e Justin Bieber caught telling racial slur joke, apologises
m 10 'Healthy' Cereals That Could Be Bad for Kids
e Watch Leonardo DiCaprio Awkwardly Dance to MGMT
b Luxottica shares rise sharply on Google Glass deal
t Google Encrypts Gmail Now For Added Protection
e Exeter's Prince Harry look-alike to star in American reality show 'I wanna Marry  ...
b Malaysia Airlines Flight 370: U.S. officials believe plane in southern search area
t Apple MacBook Air gets a battery boost along with a $100 price cut
e Toledo churches ready for Easter
t Many Internet providers don't deliver promised speeds, according to article you  ...
e TV Fargo will feel familiar to fans of film
t CSEC Aware Of Heartbleed Bug Day Before CRA Website Shutdown
b GM Recalls 824000 More Vehicles Over Ignition Fears
e 'Star Wars: Episode VII' UPDATE: Carrie Fisher talks Princess Leia hair, weight  ...
b As the Kremlin celebrates, Russia's liberals wallow
b New pound coin will be harder to fake
e Transformers 4: 10 Things That Sucked
e Paris Hilton, Amber Rose, Karrueche Tran: Best And Worst Dressed At BET  ...
e Iconic voice Casey Kasem dies at age 82
t International Space Station Receives Important Easter Morning Delivery
e Will Smith, Jada Pinkett Smith Under Investigation By Child Services After Photo  ...
e Gwyneth Paltrow's ex-boyfriend breaks silence on controversial kiss
b Gold's value slipped below 3 month high
e Gregg Allman Sues Over Biopic
b Transcript of Yellen and Lagarde Comments at IMF Event
b Malaysia Airliner crashes in east Ukraine
b Encarnacion has 2 HRs, Blue Jays top Indians 4-2
e Outkast reunited onstage after a near decade-long hiatus with a jam-packed set  ...
e Outstanding Blu-ray serves "Game of Thrones: Season Three" like a prince
b Puts Shrink Amid Longest Run of Market Calm Since 1995
t Facebook faces European investigations over experiment
e 'Homeland' actor James Rebhorn, prolific film and TV star, dies at 65
t Netflix to offer Breaking Bad in ultra-HD from June
e Amazon launches free 'Prime Music' streaming service for Prime members
e Paul McCartney resumes his `Out there` tour
e True Detective: Season 2 Cast and Setting Details
t Web bug - heartbleed, enters Indian cyber space
e Mystery as Miley Cyrus' tour bus burned down in Texas
m Pets, Pets, Pets
t Lyrid meteor shower to light up night sky on Earth Day
e Jimmy Fallon Impersonates Bill Cosby in Front of Bill Cosby: Watch the Hilarious  ...
b Congress to seeks answers about why GM, gov't didn't act sooner to recall cars  ...
e Why ABC threw its Bachelor under the bus
m Ebola virus claims 110 in Africa
m Drinking causes 1 in 10 deaths of working-age adults, CDC says
t Nokia X2 versus Nokia X: here's whats new
e INDIO: Woman dies after overdose at Coachella festival
t The most innovative telco in the world sets its sights on the US
t IPCC reports looks at costs of reducing greenhouse gases
e Amazon Orders Six New Series, Including "Transparent"
e 'Tragic' Peaches Geldof, Maria Miller, Prince George and Mickey Rooney
e The Walking Dead Season 5: Will Rick Reunite With Carol, Tyreese, and Judith?
b Marijuana news: Colorado clarifies pot packaging law
e Michael Jackson - Michael Jackson's Nephews Stranded In Europe On Death  ...
t Home Office Has "Super Flagger" Status to Order Mass Removal of YouTube Clips
e Star Wars – The Next Generation
e Justin Bieber again uses N-word, sings about joining Ku Klux Klan in latest racist  ...
b The Fraud From The Nigerian Bureau Of Statistics And 2015 By Joe Igbokwe
b Airbus, Safran Plan Satellite-Launch Technology Venture
m Vaccinations Underway After Positive Hepatitis A Case Reported
e Drew Barrymore releases statement following half-sister's death
t Revealed! - Is this Amazon's first smartphone?
b Lockheed nabs $915 million space fence contract
b Obamacare website hiccups continue into last day of enrollment
e Home > Kim Kardashian > Kim Kardashian To Fall Pregnant 'Really Soon'?
b FOREX-Dollar edges lower against euro ahead of Yellen comments
e About The 'Guardians Of The Galaxy' Post-Credits Scene
e 'Bad Words' naughty but funny
e Kim Kardashian Wears All-White Outfit in Preparation For Her Wedding (PHOTOS)
e Paramount Pulls Controversial 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' International 9/11  ...
t Facebook's Snapchat rival Slingshot now available worldwide
t Asia Trip Shows Robust Apple (AAPL) Enthusiasm, Innovation; iWatch Could Be  ...
e He Wants That Old Thing Back: Robin Thicke To Perform Song For Wife Sunday  ...
t NASA's space station humanoid Robonaut finally getting legs, next step for astro  ...
e Harrison Ford Injured by Millennium Falcon on 'Star Wars' Set
t Meteor Shower Spawned by Halley's Comet Peaks This Week
t Kiwis await upcoming Samsung Galaxy S5 launch…
t Amid Concerns Over Netflix, FCC to Examine Peering Deals
e Peaches Geldof Funeral to Be Held Monday
t AT&T looks to expand super-fast Internet service
t Lincoln and Cadillac Lose Ground in Luxury Market
e Sharknado 2: the movie's 10 greatest lessons
b Market Basket HQ Workers Won't Show Up for Work Friday, Plan Rally
t Samsung launches high-end tablets in iPad challenge
t Posted by Sri Lanka Guardian
m First Lady fighting back for healthier school lunches
m Childhood vaccines proved safe
m Fears over type 2 diabetes treatments
t Lumia 630 review: Good for the price but has its faults
t Cisco's Big About-Face on Cloud Services
m Germs on planes - it's worse than you think!
t Google I/O 2014: Android TV makes official debut – Here's the deal (VIDEO)
b Yen struggles near lows, euro inches up after inflation data
t Scientists Spot A Planet That Looks Like 'Earth's Cousin'
t Apple's $120M Patent Win; Google Glass $80 Price Tag; Comcast, EA Deal
t Oculus VR heads talk Facebook, cheaper retail kits, better hardware and piles of  ...
b Keith Seilhan settles insider trading suit amid BP cleanup
m Rears in gear for colon cancer awareness
e Paris Hilton Faces A Nip Slip At 2014 BET Awards
m Scientists create 'biological pacemaker' inside off-tempo hearts
e Nyongo Is Peoples Most Beautiful
e Why Is Prince Getting Back Into Bed With Warner Brothers?
m A Lexington Company Is Working on a Remote-Controlled Contraceptive Device
e Snooki Shows Off Her Itty Bitty Baby Bump As She Prepares For The 2014 MTV  ...
b Welcome to the new 10News.com
e Stephen Hill Apologizes To Beyonce, Karreuche Tran And Viewers, 106 & Park  ...
m Breastfeeding Initiation and Success is Impacted by Diabetes Status of Mother
b BNP Paribas Pleads Guilty To Criminal Charges In Sanctions Case
e Working With Kiefer Sutherland Made Freddie Prinze Jr. Want to Quit Acting
m Study will test chocolate pills for heart benefits
b Deutsche Bank to raise $11bn with help from Qatar
t Universe's evolution mapped in unprecedented detail
e BEGIN AGAIN – The Review
b Fast, cheap and disposable: garment workers and the clothing they make
b Oklahoma Memorial Day travel expected to rise
e Downward spiraling actor Shia LaBeouf finally 'checks into rehab'
e Eurovision 2014: 30 things you need to know
e New 'Star Wars: Episode VII' filming, casting under way
m World Health Organization Recommends More Alcohol Regulation
b Offer for viagra-maker Pfizer causes spike in value for AstraZeneca's shares
b Emirates setback for Airbus
b Report: BNP Got High-level 2006 Warnings on Sanctions Busting
t US giving up control of the Internet
e Rolf Harris Found Guilty, Faces Rest of Life in Prison
t Climate change mitigation must benefit the poor, aid experts say
t BlackBerry signs licensing agreement with Amazon Appstore, brings over  ...
b AT&T Inc. (T) Q1 Earnings Meet Expectations, but Stock Falls After Hours
t Brand new meteor shower set for Friday night
b Bank of America Price Target Cut to $17.00 by Analysts at SunTrust (BAC)
b AOL Earnings Dip, Global Ad Revenues Grow
m More Carbon Dioxide, Fewer Crop Nutrients
e Larry Kramer asked The Normal Heart director Ryan Murphy: 'Are you going to  ...
m Pregnant drivers 40% more likely to crash, study reveals
e 'American Idol' Season 13 Winner Named! What's In Store for Jena Irene and  ...
e People magazine names Lupita Nyong'o as most beautiful
b Russia orders three Moscow McDonald's branches to close for 90 days
b Alcoa Inc shares rise as results top Wall Street estimates
b Morgan Stanley gives tweeting brokers some leeway
e BOX OFFICE: 'Captain America' 2 soars into rarefied Marvel air
b Twitter tumbles as user...
t Tesla Owners' Full-Page Newspaper Ad Gets Elon Musk's Attention
b U.S. Mortgage Rates Little Changed
b Nasdaq, S&P 500 Reverse Higher
e North West: Kris Jenner Walked Her Down The…
m Mystery New York restaurant received potentially-tainted meat: USDA
b Search for Lost Malaysian Jet Shifts North
t Apple cuts 13-inch MacBook Pro price by $100
e Shia LaBeouf's Arrest at 'Cabaret' - Everything You Need to Know
e What you should be watching now that Game of Thrones season four has ended
t iPhone 5C 8GB: Apple Launches Cheaper iPhone
t Nintendo to make consoles for emerging markets
t Ebay To Users: Change Your Password Right Now
e It's official: Michael Strahan's 'Good Morning America' side job confirmed with his  ...
b Apple on the brink of buying Beats
e House Of Cards' Corey Stoll Joins Ant-Man
e Hercules trailer: The Rock plays a reluctant Ancient Greek superhero
b FX – Muted Monday As ECB Hesitates to Act
b Daniel Bryan On Bo Dallas Chants, Former WWE Diva At Money In The Bank  ...
b Citigroup Inc May Settle Mortgage Probe for $7B (C)
e Macaulay Culkin and The Pizza Underground Music Video: Watch Video From  ...
e New Kids on the Block star Donnie Wahlberg has convinced his girlfriend, Jenny  ...
e Game of Thrones Showrunners Sign on Through Season 6
t Fashion bigshot Ivy Ross appointed as head of Google Glass
b Exxon: world's climate policies highly unlikely to limit sales of fossil fuels
e Justin Bieber Hearing Seeks Second Deposition In Photographer Lawsuit
b Insurance companies tell diabetics to take meds, change diet
e Hot Mumma! Katie Holmes Strips For Glamour
t Google Internet eyewear heads for UK
b Organic wave: at the crest?
m Top HIV researchers, activists die in MH17 crash in Ukraine
t Climate Adaptation--Climate Impacts
t Samsung Galaxy S5: Just a slight upgrade
t Microsoft Surface Mini Rumors Surface
t Untrasound For Baby Stars - Determining Age By Sound Waves
e 8 Things we learned about our favourite characters from JK Rowling's new Harry  ...
m USDA finds more anthrax lab problems at CDC
b Despite Dealer Concerns, Tesla Strikes Deal To Sell In Ohio
e Rooney Mara is in talks to play Tiger Lily in new Pan film
b Dust Settles As The Health Law's Open Enrollment Period Comes To A Close
t Samsung Galaxy S5 pitted against other flasgships in drop and dunk test
b States to probe Comcast plan to buy Time Warner
b Walmart Introduces Exclusive Money Transfer Service, Cuts Fees by up to 50  ...
t Space Lasers Will Beam Astronauts' Superfast Video
e MTV airs Ferguson announcement during VMA show
m Research and Markets: HIV Vaccine Market Opportunity & Clinical Pipeline  ...
e `Capt. America' tops box office for third week
e The Sultan and I Broke His Sharia Law
t Google Wants To Bring Ads To a Thermostat Near You
b U.S. economy takes positive turn in second quarter, GDP up 4 percent
t Skylanders Trap Team Promises To Trap Parents Money This October
e Selena Gomez Gets a New Tattoo -- Find Out What it Means!
b Asia stocks fall on China slowdown fears; Shanghai at 2-month low
t Microsoft Fights Off US Warrant for Data Stored Overseas
e Elisabeth Hasselbeck Is Not Happy About Rosie O'Donnell's Return To 'The View'
e 'Neighbors' Parties Its Way Past 'Spider-Man' to Box Office Crown
e 360-Spherical Images from Bonnaroo 2014
m Most Soap Banned In One State
t The Full Honey Moon Is Tonight
e What Rape Scene? 'Game of Thrones' Marches on As If Nothing Happened
m How women can help men spot symptoms of prostate cancer
e Jennifer Aniston hints at a 'dirty protest' in the first trailer for Horrible Bosses 2
e Justin Bieber Apologizes for Racist Joke: It Was a "Childish and Inexcusable  ...
t Is Twitter Saying Goodbye Retweet, Hello Share?
t General Mills, Whole Foods Generate Buzz For Bees
e Amal Alamuddin and George Clooney engaged: Actor's embarrassing 'wooing  ...
e Adam Levine Makes A Life-Changing Decision—Singer Is Now A Blonde!
b European stocks get second half off to steady start
e Kim And Kanye Marry In '£11m' Italian Wedding
b UPDATE 3-AT&T ups revenue growth forecast on new pricing model
t Tablets to Outsell PCs by 2015: Gartner
e 'Birdman' Receives Rave Reviews at Venice Film Festival
t Samsung is developing its own VR headset, plans to start sales in 2014
t Nintendo reveals Skylanders-style action figures
e Trailer For Ryan Gosling's Detroit Thriller Highlights Ruins And Burning Objects
e The Voice Recap: Tess Boyer Reborn as Supreme Power Vocalist (3/31/14)
e Mad Men: A Day's Work review
b Trade deficit shrinks in May following tax hike
e VIDEO: VIDEO: Selena Gomez Parties With Bieber
m Motörhead Fan Gets Brain Haemorrhage from Headbanging at Rock Concert
e Pippa Middleton Felt 'Bullied' By The Press Following Sister Kate's Wedding To  ...
b Supreme Court again rejects Sahara chief Roy's bail plea
m Breakthrough! Stem cells cloned from human skin
e Usher releases 'Good Kisser' video
e Ice Bucket Challenge heats up across NRL
t Carmack in support of Oculus acquisition
t Apple Is America's Number One Smartphone Maker
t Skype Translator will let you chat in real-time with people in other languages  ...
t Fitbit app debuts on Windows Phone 8.1
e Sarah Paulson & Emma Roberts Tell An 'American Horror Story' With White!
e No-one's in love with 'The Other Woman'
m Josephine County ratifies drought
t Tibetans Survived in High Altitudes Thanks to Gene Variant Found in Extinct  ...
t Google announces new Pokémon Master position, Google Maps update
t FCC Democrats And Tech Firms Concerned Over Net Neutrality Proposal
e True Blood Finale Reactions!
m Impasse in rescue of Nigerian girls
b U.S. producer prices slipped 0.2 per cent in May in sign of tame inflation
m Contract negotiations continue between Kaiser Permanente, pharmacists
e Box Office Prediction & Analysis: "Heaven Is For Real"
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Fingerprint Scanner Hacked (Video)
b Shell to cut Woodside holding by $5 bn
m California Officials Pledge To Reduce Medi-Cal Backlog To 350000
e Rounding Up All of the Upcoming Superhero Television Series
b Stocks on Track to Close Sixth Consecutive Quarter of Gains
e Interview: Carlos Saldanha
b Dollar Gains On Yen After Talk Of BoJ Easing
m Bionic pancreas for diabetics makes progress
b Beach 'superstars' -- and the not-so stellar
t Mars testing vehicle soars over Pacific
b US Stock Futures Flat Ahead Of Manufacturing PMI
m PetSmart next year will stop selling treats made in China
e Stop washing your jeans, Levi Strauss CEO says
t Why The Internet Is Wrong About Facebook & Oculus Rift
t eBay Asking Users to Change Passwords After Breach
m Dying Zookeeper Gets A Goodbye Kiss From A Giraffe That He Cared For! This  ...
e Ellen DeGeneres sells mansion, makes $15M profit
e Bieber and Gomez may be back on and more news to note
e Seth MacFarlane as Albert in "A Million Ways to Die in the West." Photo Credit  ...
e Khloe Kardashian Shares Instagram Snap With Rob Kardashian – Making Up  ...
e 'The Big Bang Theory' season 8: New production date set; cast negotiating  ...
t General Motors Sends Stop-Delivery Order On Best-Selling Cruze; Shares Down
e Bradenton spins with record store renaissance
e Sony Pictures gives a sneak peek of its Sex Tape - No, We're not kidding!
b Comedian George Lopez makes no apologies
b Secretary Lew Comments On “Economic Patriotism” Shameful
b Report: HHS will allow more time past filing deadline to enroll on health care  ...
t Full moon on Friday the 13th is rare
b Sen. John Barrasso: White House Is 'Cooking The Books' On Obamacare  ...
e Brian May Says New Queen Compilation Featuring Rediscovered Tracks Due  ...
m Teen Pregnancy Prevention Month To Launch
t DELAYED: Apple Is Reportedly Struggling To Make A Giant iPhone With A 5.5  ...
e Great New Footage In DAWN OF THE PLANET OF THE APES TV Spot
m Video: Woman in tears after hearing for first time
e Movies: Another success in the franchise with'Captain America: The Winter Soldier'
e Alien Isolation Will Feature Original Movie Cast
e Eminem's Mother's Day music video, 'Headlights,' will make you feel all the feels
b Stocks drop as earnings disappoint and investors assess the outlook for stocks  ...
m CDK4/6 Inhibitor LY2835219 Shows Promise in Early Study
e Bachelorette 2014: How Did Josh Murray Win the Episode 3 Group Date Rose?
m Floridians urged to guard against mosquitoes
e Star Wars 7 Has Already Begun Shooting — & Most Of Its Casting Completed In  ...
t On topic: Tech news to know now
e 'The Bachelor': And the final rose goes to…
b Abercrombie Considers Luring Teens With Less Sex, Brighter Lights
b Euro Looks Beyond Skeptics to Draghi: Chart of the Day
m Children's hospitals study newborns' ability to fight off HIV
b Fox News Books 30-Minute Interview with Hillary Clinton
e Photo Booth: Kanye, Kim Kardashian Wedding Reception
b Michaels says breach at its stores affected nearly 3M payment cards
b McDonald's Offering Two-Week Free Coffee Promotion
b Q1 earnings drop pushes Wal-Mart shares down
b WSJ: Credit Suisse's Trading Ties Under FINRA Scanner
e 'Veronica Mars' Exclusive Marshmallow Trivia App and Giveaway
m Monday's Top Biotech Stories: MannKind, Dicerna, Flamel, and Merck
e Saturday Night Live: "Seth Rogen/Ed Sheeran"
t T-Mobile Beats AT&T, Verizon to VoLTE
e The Flash's TV Costume Looks Built For Speed
e Don't Even Bother Getting Worked Up About the 'Ninja Turtles' Trailer
t If you back a Kickstarter project that sells for $2...
e Obama Doesn't Care Much for Ellen's 'Cheap Stunt' Selfie
e 'Scandal's' Columbus Short arrested after 4th of July bar fight
t Netflix CEO Slams US ISPs Over Net Neutrality
t Argentines uncover bones that may be from biggest dino ever found
b Shell share price: Company expected to follow BP with Q1 profit drop
t Nissan, Honda Recall Nearly 3M Vehicles Over Air Bags
e Stones' tickets gone in 30 minutes
b Barclays to reveal 20000 job cuts: media
m People with longevity gene variant turn out to be smarter than peers
e There's ripped jeans, and then there's Kim Kardashian's ripped jeans.
b CURRENCIES: Euro Drops; Draghi 'comfortable' Easing In June
t HTC press event on August 19, expect One M8 with WP
t 'Heartbleed' SSL vulnerability causing heartburn for Bitcoin web services
m Resveratrol levels not linked with decreased mortality (InCHIANTI Trial)
b AT&T is on the hunt for a Netflix killer
b Stocks May Move Back To The Downside In Early Trading - U.S. Commentary
b Springfield-Area Gas Prices Drop Slightly
b Subway Phases Chemical Out of Its Bread
e 'Sharknado' sequel has lots of bite
b Morgan Stanley Offers Quick Thoughts on Eloctate and Strategic Action Related  ...
b today's mortgage interest rates 30 and 15 year fixed; Housing data news March  ...
e Fox Cancels 4 Rookie Shows
e Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie are set to star in another movie together – written by  ...
b Jobless claims improve to four-month low
t Volcanoes saw species survive ice ages: study
e Ryan Gosling wanted Rachel McAdams kicked off 'Notebook' set: director 0
b Malaysia Airlines may change its name in major rebrand after MH370 and MH17  ...
t Ralph Lauren Announces New Wearable Technology Line (NYSE:RL)
e Olivia Palermo Of 'The City' Gets Married…And Looks Unsurprisingly Awesome
t Google starts removing search results in wake of EU privacy ruling
b Yen Falls Versus Major Peers After Japan's Trade Deficit Widens
e Gerard Butler, Vanessa Hudgens, & Selena Gomez Sing Farewell to Chelsea  ...
t Microsoft to webcast event where Office for iPad may be announced
t Report: Apple Looking To Buy Dr. Dre's Beats Electronics For $3.2B
t World Trade Center ship found to be from 1770s
b Why does the Government cheer on Pfizer as it rampages like a pre-crash  ...
b Baxter to split into two companies
t Dr. Dre Celebrates After $3.2 Billion Apple-Beats Deal — Watch
e AJ McCarron proposes to girlfriend
b Whole Foods Market posts flat Q2 profit; cuts FY14 outlook again
m Number of older women diagnosed with breast cancer hits record
t Appeals Court Ruling Complicates End of Apple v. Samsung, but Jury Still  ...
e The Minnesota noir of “Fargo.”
b US Five-Year Treasury Sale Draws Average Demand
b Juniper Networks beats Q1 earnings expectations
m Consumer Reports Helps You Shop for a Safer Hospital
e Smart and fun, 'Guardians of the Galaxy' soars
t In a first, two exoplanets to die soon
t Can Sony's Project Morpheus finally bring virtual reality to home console gaming?
m Single injection of gene into heart could replace pacemakers
t Microsoft chief happy as iPad Office tops charts
m Headbanging to Heavy Metal Music Linked To Man's Brain Bleed
e Disneynature gets up close, personal and cute with 'Bears'
b New York's AG Probes High-Speed Stock Trading
b Pound rises against euro as Carney warns of rate hike
e Amazing Spider-Man 2 takes No.1 from Titanfall
e 'Transformers: Age of Extinction': Robots in disguise return, loudly
b Model aircraft almost collided with US airliner in March, FAA reports
b Anglo jury retires for second day to consider verdict
b Chrysler Posts $690 Million Loss During First Quarter
e Kim Kardashian Seeking to End Racism, Taking Steps to Stop Discrimination?
b Bill Ackman & Valeant File Hostile $51 Billion Exchange Offer for Allergan With  ...
t Samsung Galaxy S5, Gear 2 and Gear Fit to be previewed before release
e Tori Spelling's Cheating Hubby Drops an Even Bigger Bombshell (VIDEO)
e Poll: What is your favorite football movie?
t Solar-powered drones at 60000ft, satellites and lasers: Zuckerberg reveals  ...
m 93% of Filipino women don't like the way they look
b American Apparel says company not for sale
e 5 things 'Guardians of the Galaxy' does better than 'The Avengers'
t Silk taps Google Now
t Sony Xperia Z2 Tablet review
e Movie Review: "Draft Day"
t Blue Sea Creatures Wash Up on Beaches in California, Oregon
e Cannes: 'White God' wins 'Un Certain Regard' top prize | The Republic
t Tesco to launch value Android smartphone
t Nest goes open source, your fitness band could turn on your heating when it  ...
t Morning Facepalm: Fox News Uses Bioshock Infinite Logo to "Defend the  ...
e Nick Cannon Reveals Women He's Slept With — On Mariah's Birthday!
m MS Breakthrough at U of U
t NASA to test Mars payload system
t Deep Ocean Current May Slow Due to Climate Change
e Hugh Jackman Forgets to Warn Daughter about Naked X-Men Scene
m Don't call me 'honey'
m Half of adults qualify for statins under new cholesterol guidelines
b 26 held for strike related crimes
b Gold and Silver Prices Break Lower Today on Economic Confidence
e Jesus came to be crucified
b Nasdaq suffers largest drop since 2011
t Moto X+1 Release Date, Specs, Price, Rumors And Leak News: The Moto X+1  ...
e 11 Initial Thoughts On Lana Del Rey's 'West Coast' Video
b Bank of America reveals first quarter losses, legal bill to blame
m GSK's MAGE-A3 Misses 2 of 3 Co-Primary Endpoints in Phase III NSCLC Trial
t Top Australian organisations exposed to "Heartbleed"
e Kim Kardashian squeezes her curves into Kylie Jenner's bikini for VERY  ...
e The Voice USA 2014 Spoilers: Top 10 Elimination Results Recap
e Army: Bergdahl's family not currently in Texas
e This Sept. 10, 2012 file photo shows electronic images of victims of the attacks of  ...
b Possible scenarios for Argentina's debt
b Herbalife reports decline in first quarter net income, but company beats  ...
e What Key Advice Did J-Law Give 'Divergent' Star?
e Sarah Michelle Gellar boycotting Vogue
b Cupcake purveyor Crumbs Bake Shop closes LA, other stores
e Amazon Says Instant Video Has Surpassed Hulu And Apple
e Ghanaians ready to celebrate Good Friday
b How Many More Garment Workers Have To Die Before Things Really Change?
e Emma Watson talks her own religious beliefs while promoting 'Noah'
b Senators and President Obama Mark Equal Pay Day With Actions To Close  ...
t Microsoft Azure to ceritfy SAP apps in new cloud deal
e Valerie Harper denies 'cancer-free' reports
e '22 Jump Street': Sequel should please series' fans
b Morning Movers: Hillshire Brands Jumps on Pilgrim's Pride Bid; Aeropostale  ...
t Office for iPad now on the iTunes store, for free
t FCC Net Neutrality Proposal May Allow Internet Toll Lanes
e 'Iron Man 3′ director Shane Black set to direct 'Predator' reboot
t Is this Amazon's smartphone (prototype)?
m All WorkersTest Negative for MERS at Indiana Hospital: Official
b The world's most expensive divorce: Russian billionaire's fortune gets cut in half
t A Net Neutrality Riddle
b Dollar awaits Yellen's testimony, Draghi may limit euro's gains
e Film Clip: 'Divergent'
e Michael Jackson Gets Angry On “Blue Gangsta”: Listen
e Hollywood actor Mickey Rooney dies at 93
t Twitter is bringing pop-up notifications to the web
e Rosie O'Donnell Reportedly Joining 'The View,' But What About Sarah Palin?
e Stop funding this potato-salad rookie on Kickstarter; he's all set
b Fed set to ditch 'threshold' guidance under Yellen
b Third Estimate 4Q2013 GDP Revised to 2.6%
t The Fire Phone: Amazon's attack on competing retailers
m Higher Protein Intake Linked to Reduced Stroke Risk
t LADEE the Lunar spacecraft makes moon its final resting place
b Hachette seeks Amazon terms that 'value' partners
m Suthers says Mexican officials can't understand pot legalization
b Stocks dip Wednesday as Treasuries fall to 11-month low
m Michigan man among first in US to receive 'bionic eye'
t Apple to unleash major push for iPhone controlled smart home at WWDC
b S&P and Dow post record closing highs, Nasdaq and Russell end lower
t HTC's Big March 25 Reveal Is No Secret, but So What?
e 23 Memorable Cristina Yang Moments: She's Our Person!
b US adds 200000 jobs in July on improving consumer demand, payroll report  ...
b HP earnings meet estimates, more job cuts coming
t Scientists Recreate Mars – In England
b France says reported multibillion dollar fine US wants against BNP Paribas is  ...
m Missouri bans sales of e-cigarettes to minors
m Lab-Grown Vaginal Organ Successfully Implanted on Four Women
e NFL Seek $16 Million Damages From M.I.A.
m Guinea haemorrhagic fever may have crossed into Sierra Leone
e Harry Potter returns: JK Rowling re-spins magic
e A Man Arrested After Caught by Kim Kardashian Trespassing at Kris Jenner's  ...
b Kocherlakota: Threshold guidance highly effective
e Video: 'Mr. Tambourine Man' Brad Pitt Joins Bruno Mars Onstage
t Sony's virtual reality headset will be more affordable than you think
e 'The Killing' Season 4 Preview: 'No One's Gotta Know What We Did' (Video)
e Sherlock special and new season on the way
e 'The Magic School Bus' returns on Netflix
t Amazon Fire Phone comes with a free Year of Amazon Prime
t The Bistro cat feeder uses 'feline facial recognition' to micro-manage your pet's diet
e Dolly Parton serenades estimated 150000 Glastonbury-goers
e Leonardo DiCaprio to play Steve Jobs in new biopic?
e Holy Week 11
e Lupita Nyong'o named People's `Most Beautiful'
e Gwyneth Paltrow, Donovan Leitch, the kissing, Goop, and “conscious uncoupling”
e Friday film reviews: Guardians Of The Galaxy, The Nut Job and Step Up 5: All In
t $1.2 B settlement with Toyota because of safety problems
e The Mad Men Cast Is Already Mourning the End
t T-Mobile launches VoLTE in its own backyard ahead of support planned for  ...
e Stephen Colbert's comedy causes Twitter storm
t Facebook Users Getting Option to Fine-Tune Advertisements
e 'Fed Up' review: If you can stomach some scary truth
t General Motors to pay millions to families
b Amaya Gaming to buy Oldford for $US4.9bn
t Governments urge Internet Explorer users to switch browsers until fix found
e Kanye West: Wedding Photo With Kim Kardashian Took 4 Days to Perfect
e Gwyneth Breaks Her Silence Following Chris Martin Split
e All the news from Hollywood
t Ford lowers fuel economy ratings for Fiesta and hybrids, will pay owners again
e Christina Chong Joins Star Wars: Episode VII
e Watch the chilling Dawn of the Planet of the Apes trailer
e 'Orange is the New Black' Gets Go-Ahead for Third Season.
t Skywatchers mesmerised with glimpse of 'Blood Moon' in total lunar eclipse
e 'Way too light': As convicted paedophile star Rolf Harris spends his first weekend  ...
t Free app bundle offer from Amazon's appstore
m Ebola Virus Outbreak: West Africa Battles to Stop the Disease from Reaching  ...
e North Korea Reacts Strongly to Seth Rogen's 'The Interview'
e Lindsay Lohan Suing ... Over Grand Theft Auto
e 12 Years Later: My Big Fat Greek Wedding Finally Gets Sequel Nia Vardalos to  ...
b Europe close: Stocks slide after PMIs, US non-farm payrolls
b Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 pilot's last words came AFTER communication  ...
m Are you at risk for diabetes? PBMC to sponsor free Diabetes Prevention Program
b International markets roundup
b Is Tesla's Model X the Most Desirable Car Never Driven?
e Paul Mazursky dead at 84: Writer/director's movies captured their eras on film
m Weight-Loss Surgery Gives Long-Term Help for Diabetics
e Reel Time Captain America: The Winter Soldier
e Drew Barrymore cries, laughs as mom
e The agony and the ecstasy of getting more 'Community'
t 44% of Twitter accounts users have never tweeted
e 'The Hunger Games: Catching Fire' Wins Big at the MTV Movie Awards
b Royal Caribbean Cruises EVP Unloads $2295280 in Stock (RCL)
t Second Google Glass user attacked in San Francisco in two months
e 13 Largely Ridiculous Gift Ideas for #KimyeWedding
t NASA planning for a manned trip to Mars
b GLOBAL MARKETS-Asian stocks subdued on Ukraine caution in holiday  ...
b USDA reports 84 percent of Iowa corn crop planted
m Doc who 'received' $12M from Medicare: Not so fast
b Will The Fed Disappoint The Markets Today ?
e Miley Cyrus performs in her underwear
t GM CEO Mary Barra lays out changes after recall
b Wall Street gloom stifles Asian shares
m Forgotten Smallpox Found in Maryland
b Millbury solar project complete
b Chinese workers in Vietnam Hopping the coach to Cambodia
e Marvel Reveals Female Thor
t People who hope to be the first to travel to Mars ponder life without families
b Dollar steadies ahead of Yellen appearances next week
e Obamas write DJ Knuckles family
m Allergies Hitting North Texans Hard This Spring
e Austrian bearded drag queen in the spotlight at Eurovision (with gallery)
e Full House could be coming back to television
e Cara Delevingne upset Michelle Rodriguez Zac Efron yacht kiss
t Apple and IBM forge partnership that could boost iPhones, iPads in the workplace
t US Lands $1.2 Billion Settlement With Toyota
e Zach Braff returns with the okay Wish I Was Here
e 'The Voice' recap: Kat Perkins electrifies, two get zapped
t Rosetta Mission's Comet Lander Wakes Up From Deep Space Sleep
b May sun shines on automakers: US sales reach 9-year high
t FTC Warns Facebook, WhatsApp On User Privacy
t Facebook Buys Moves to See Your Fitness Activity
b Supreme Court imposes limits on gov't EPA program in place to deal with carbon  ...
b Mixed Data Leads To Early Volatility On Wall Street - US Commentary
b Live-Blogging Piketty: Review of Reviews, Pt 1
b GoPro Sets IPO Price at $24 a Share; Could Raise Around $427 Million
m Smoking, tobacco use take a youthful butt-kicking
t Playing with the emotions of 700000 Facebook users and is Legal because  ...
m Unanswered questions
t Facebook's WhatsApp deal gets US approval, with a caution
m WHO imposes travel curbs: polio vaccination mandatory
b Exxon: World won't limit fossil fuels
e Amazon Fire TV launched – Price and Review
b Both sides in Ukraine deny shooting down Malaysian plane
m New study reveals 3-D imaging technique better than mammorgraphy
t Australia wins whaling case against Japan in The Hague
e George Lucas chooses Chicago for his planned museum
e T.I., Floyd Mayweather Fight at Fatburger Over Tiny? Vine Videos Explode
e Zooey Deschanel Simply Stuns At The Met Gala!
b 5 Reasons Why The Flipkart-Myntra Deal Makes Sense
t Samsung Galaxy S5 global release date arrives
e Rats frolic, scare tourists, at Louvre garden in Paris
t Triceratops Horn Took a Million Years to Develop
t UPDATE 1-US Air Force says working hard to certify new rocket launcher
t Investors Sideline Facebook on Oculus Buy - Analyst Blog
m Hepatitis A emergency: vaccinations begin in Springfield
b IBM posts lower Q1 earnings as hardware business takes beating
b Siemens' Alstom Proposal Struggles to Gain Traction
t Amazon's new subscription service is like Netflix for Kindle books
e New X-Men,Days Of Future Past 'We're in This Together' Featurette Movie Clip  ...
b Gold dips but Malaysian plane downing seen aiding sentiment
b Argentina's Debt Tango Moving To New York Next Week As Two Sides Seek To  ...
b Search for missing plane MH370 not yet resumed as relatives' anger leads to  ...
e 'Jupiter Ascending' Pushed Back From July 2014 to February 2015
b NZ Dollar Rises Against U.S. Dollar, Euro
b Why Procter & Gamble Will Move the Dow Tomorrow
e 'The Realistic Joneses' Theater Review: Michael C. Hall Confronts Eternity and  ...
t White House spy agencies deny exploitation of Heartbleed bug by NSA
t NFL Sunday Ticket streaming-only package no longer just a dream
t Cautious Investors Unconvinced As Facebook Buys Oculus
e 'Gotham' trailer: New clip sees Jim Gordon meet Bruce Wayne [video]
b IAEA Condemns Ukraine's Move to Switch to US Nuclear Fuel
b White House Fact Sheet: Expanding Opportunity for All: Ensuring Equal Pay for  ...
t NY loses over $1 billion due to 2013 data breaches, state attorney general says
e Student's Michael Jackson Dance Steals The Show At School Talent Contest  ...
e UPDATED: 'Midnight Rider' Filmmakers Charged …
e For Mick Jagger, these are the worst of times
t Google Glass Android 4.4 KitKat Update Arrives
e Author John Green is a 'nerd rock star' on 'Stars' tour
t Apple seeks to block sale of certain Samsung products
b Is the Dow's Record Run a Sign of Better Times or a Dangerous Top?
e Justin Bieber Detained At LAX As He Returns From Trip To Japan It's more  ...
m Orlando hospital drill accurately predicts MERS case
e Beyoncé and Jay Z Step Out Amid Video Uproar (PHOTO)
t 2015 Corvette Z06 Convertible to hit 60 mph in 3.5 seconds
b Illinois' April unemployment rates lower than last year
e 'Game Of Thrones' Spoilers 2014: Kit Harington Opens Up About Rumors That  ...
t NASA's Mars Rover 'Opportunity' Breaks Distance Record
b Former drilling chief: US 'on a course to repeat' Gulf oil spill
b Five Big Banks Failed Federal Reserve's Annual Stress Tests
e Actor Shia LeBeouf receiving treatment for alcoholism: publicist
t Google takes Chromecast to Germany
e Miley Cyrus gives away her new puppy
e Robert Downey Jr.'s Son Got Arrested for Possession of Cocaine; “Ironman” Star  ...
t Gmail service enhanced, now harder for NSA to intercept messages
b Should You Buy CYS Investments (CYS) Ahead of Earnings? - Tale of the Tape
e Michel Hazanavicius on his portrayal of the Russian Army at 'The Search' Press  ...
b Calls for hard evidence on MH370's fate
t Why Apple's HomeKit announcement is much bigger than you think
e $7M And Counting! Kim & Kanye Are Sparing No Expense For Their European  ...
e Glee star's Twitter account hacked, not leaving show Fox confirms
e Zara pulls 'Holocaust' shirt after outcry
e Lindsay sues 'Grand Theft Auto V' videogame makers
t GM issues six additional recalls affecting 8.4 million vehicles
t Marquez continues domination in Austin
e Purple ESSENCE starring Prince, featuring Janelle Monae and Nile Rogers
e Chris Martin: Affair With "Saturday Night Live" Assistant Revealed
b PETA: Indian elephant still being abused
m Blood protein rejuvenates brain and muscles of old mice
m Video captures amazing moment a woman hears for the first time
e John Oliver got mocked by friends for crying on 'The Daily Show'
m Costco recalls freeze-dried fruit snacks over salmonella concerns
e HBO renews 'Silicon Valley,' "Veep'
e FX Orders Zach Galifianakis' Baskets to Series
t Amarillo Gas Prices Averaging $3.48/g
b MH370 hunt may take 'decades', says MAS commercial chief
e Julia Collins' 20-game win streak on 'Jeopardy!' ends
e Shia LaBeouf Has Reportedly Checked Into A Rehab Facility
e SiriusXM Shows Anthony the Door
b Sun Valley mogul retreat said to be on alert for prying drones
b SAC Capital Renames Itself Point72 Asset Management
m Ebola discoverer says he would sit next to infected person on train
b US home prices pick up in March
e Six Videos to Watch in Memory of Maya Angelou
t The best science and technology pictures of the week
e NYT Publisher Denies Sexism in Abramson Firing, Says She Was a Bad Manager
t Recall on Nest Labs Smoke and CO Detectors
m 182 died of Ebola in Guinea -Official
e Kurt Cobain's daughter has slammed Lana Del Rey for her "I wish I was dead  ...
t Competition, allure of famed vehicles draw drivers and fans to new event
b Why Shire (SHPG) Stock Is Higher In Pre-Market Trade
b U.S. Economy has worst quarter since the recession
e 'Fargo' comes to TV starring Billy Bob Thornton
e Sharia Law Causes Celebrities To Boycott Famed Beverly Hills Hotel
b The Week That Workers Won (At Least a Little)
e 'McHale's Navy' actor Bob Hastings dies at 89
t More than 100 people found in house in Houston
e Patrick Swayze's widow marries after finding love again
t After Aereo, what's next for Internet TV?
b Auto Exports Help Canada Trade Deficit Narrow
t Elop: 'The possibilities are endless' now that Microsoft and Nokia are one
e Zendaya Coleman Doesn't Want To Be Aaliyah After All! Drops Out Of The Biopic!
b US New-Home Sales Plunge -- Update
e Transcendental hesitation
e Marvel Reveals Avengers: Age Of Ultron Concept Art
e VIDEO: Johnny Depp Has Been Weirdly Subpoenaed To Prove A Woman Is  ...
e Girl sends terroristic tweet to airline, gets unwanted response
b Tesco full-year trading profits fall as margins are squeezed
t Democrats unveil legislation forcing the FCC to ban Internet fast lanes
e American Idol: Everything Is Fate, or Something Like That
b Twitter Is Growing Up
e 'Game of Thrones' causes HBO Go outage
t Climate change threatens India's economy - IPCC
e Pat Sajak says, 'Global warming alarmists are unpatriotic racists,' Alec Baldwin  ...
t Twitter Introduces Real-Time Pop-Up Notifications for Web Version
m More Evidence required to Support Medical Marijuana beyond Treating MS  ...
b Vodafone earnings to fall as it unveils £19 billion investment plans
t Researchers Create Realistic Virtual Universe
b Citigroup Inc.'s share price down, nears a 7-billion-dollar settlement with the US  ...
e 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' Trailer 2
t Teenagers' Cars Are Older, Smaller, and Less Safe, Study Finds
b (click the phrases to see a list)
m Prospective study of high-risk, BRCA1/2-mutation negative women: the 'negative  ...
e The Normal Heart does far more than preach to converted
e Bill Ellis: Death is overcome in victory
e Christie, Fallon dance around testy...
t Facebook shift steps up privacy for new usersPublish Date: May 23, 2014
t Review: Microsoft's new Surface Pro tablet works as laptop, but comes with trade  ...
b Pfizer Continues Political Campaign For AstraZeneca Takeover
b World stock markets mostly rise after Fed signals interest rates to remain low
e Macklemore Performs In A Stereotypical Jewish Costume, Has No Idea Why  ...
b Target Tries Making Up For Data Breach By Issuing Secure Chip-And-Pin Cards  ...
t How To Protect Your Small Business From The Heartbleed Bug
b Last-minute tax-rush mistakes can delay refunds -- or worse
m Guinea: Ebola outbreak contained
b Late flights up, airline report finds
b Silicon Valley mogul sets record $201m price on his life
e Liam Hemsworth overheard 'raving' about relationship with Miley Cyrus
b EUR/USD flirting with 1.3800
e Police Find Meth, Marijuana Inside Goodlettsville Motel Room
b Gilead Crushes On Earnings, Quickly Gives Up Gains
b Venture investments highest since 2001
t Having trouble with your iPhone battery holding a charge? Check to see if Apple  ...
e Five reasons for Stroudies to be cheerful on International Day of Happiness
t Cadillac takes on Tesla with plug-in ELR
t Fish and coral can sniff out bad reef and stay away: Study
b Federal Reserve slashes 2014 US growth forecast
b Improving Job Market Propelling Rebound in US Growth: Economy
b Mortgage Interest Rates at Wells Fargo Today Mar 13
e Ryan Gosling tried having Rachel McAdams fired from 'The Notebook'
t Google Is Close to a Deal for Twitch
t New Meteor Shower Visible Friday Night
e J.K. Rowling's 'The Casual Vacancy' is Becoming an HBO Mini-Series
e An Almost Naked Rihanna Stuns In Sheer Gown At CFDA Awards
b GLOBAL MARKETS-Oil prices jump on Iraq anxiety, stocks fall
t 'Android Everywhere' Is the Mantra at Google I/O: In Cars, TVs, and On Your Wrist
m Walmart is recalling 174000 dolls because the toy can overheat and potentially  ...
m 9 Hacks That Will Help You Survive Spring Allergy Season
m FDA approves Otezla to treat psoriatic arthritis
b Worried about a stolen SIN? Here's what to do
b IMF Urges US To Increase Minimum Wage
t Facebook Has Hit a New Level of Creepy
b Tesla To Choose Up To 3 Sites For Gigafactory
b Pfizer to persist in pursuit of deal for AstraZeneca
b China shares end flat as PMI, loan-rule change fail to excite market
t The first CarPlay compatible systems are on sale, but iOS hooks won't come until  ...
b Daimler Reveals Mercedes-Benz "Truck of the Future"
b Nikkei extends gains, SoftBank jumps on Alibaba earnings
e 'Brady Bunch' co-stars, Hollywood pay tribute to Ann B. Davis
e 50 Shades of Grey: Trailer Already Breaking Records
m Red Robin has second hepatitis A incident in two weeks, this time in Missouri
m Saudi reports five new MERS deaths
t Aussie scientists create new element
t TECH 411: Google's Self-Driving Car
e '22 Jump Street' slays 'Dragon 2' at box office
b Salesforce.com Q1 Revenue Could Beat Expectations
m Oral antiviral drug developed for combating measles shows encouraging early  ...
t Nokia Lumia 2520 Sales Suspended Due To Electric Shock Concerns
e I'm no cheat: Gwyneth Paltrow says claims she was unfaithful to Chris Martin are  ...
e The 3D 'Peanuts' Teaser Trailer Is Here, and Snoopy's Up to His Old Tricks  ...
b Euro zone business keeps up solid pace of growth in May - PMI
t Facebook Debuts Changes To Curb Unwanted Data Sharing
b BP refinery spills undetermined amount of crude oil into U.S. lake
e Macklemore 'accidentally' dresses as hook-nosed Jewish caricature during  ...
t First Heartbleed arrest made
b Tokyo stocks end flat after morning surge
b Why Move (MOVE) Stock Is Up Today
b Greece not out of the woods
b Totally Absurd Neighbor Dispute Becomes Front-Page National News
m Justina Pelletier Goes Home After Year in Psych Hospital
e Hugh Jackman Talks About Playing Wolverine For A Seventh Time In X-Men  ...
e Eminem's "Headlights" Video: Watch
m Ebola cases confirmed in Guinean capital Conakry
m Novartis, BAI To Team Up In Alzheimer's Prevention Study - Quick Facts
m Physicians Issue New Warning About Water Birthing
b Upset relatives protest handling of plane crash
m Replacing Bad Aortic Valve To Be Preferred More Than Open Heart Surgery: Study
m FDA to issue voluntary guidelines for food industry to reduce salt
t Viacom and Google reach settlement in long-running YouTube lawsuit
b Anglo Irish Ex-Chairman Sean Fitzpatrick Cleared in Loan Trial
b Warren Buffett Says New GM CEO Best for the Job
m MRI for prostate biopsies increases odds of finding aggressive tumors
e Croke Park residents vow to file court injunction to stop Garth Brooks concerts
m Humans prefer an electric shock to being left alone with their thoughts
e BET Awards 2014: Robin Thicke Begs Wife Paula Patton For Forgiveness Again  ...
m Oscar Pistorius 'was not suffering from a mental illness'
b RYANAIR LAUNCHES NEW SERVICE FOR BUSINESS AND CORPORATE  ...
e Keith Richards penning children's book with artist daughter
m Oscar Pistorius murder trial: neighbours could hear Reeva Steenkamp scream  ...
m Mass. Aims To Reduce Stigma Around Mental Health
t T-Mobile honcho scoffs at AT&T-only Amazon phone
t Kogan prices Samsung Galaxy S5 $129 below RRP
m India certified as polio-free by WHO Mar 28, 11:54 am
e Star Wars VII to be set 30 years after last film
b Oil Futures Mixed Ahead of U.S. Inventory Report
e Investigators never saw menacing videos before rampage
t Apple's New 12.9-Inch iPad: Is Bigger Better?
t Motorola Mobility, Samsung Escape EU Fines in Apple Clash
t Facebook introduces Snapchat-like Slingshot app
e Did Nicki Minaj Try To Ignite A Feud With Iggy Azalea At BET Awards?
t Apple's Latest Move Is Terrible News for Microsoft
t Tonight's meteor shower could bring best show in decades
t Amazon Fire Phone Gets Great Reception
t Google protesters hit out against "totalitarian" company
b US industrial production grows more than expected
b Dow, S&P 500 climb to records as deals activity boosts investor confidence
b Sprint to Gobble Up T-Mobile for $32B
b GoPro Reveals Nearly $1 Billion Revenue In IPO Filing
t Heartbleed denial reveals loophole for NSA spying
t PS4, Xbox One Nearly Tie For Hardware Sales, But Software Slumps Year Over  ...
e Is AC/DC on the verge of retiring?
t PayPal Passwords Affected? eBay Says it Was Compromised
e Charlie Sheen Wasted at Taco Bell Drive-Thru
e Rolf Harris guilty, but what has Operation Yewtree taught us about sexual abuse?
m Is it time to change the way babies are held immediately after birth?
b Pay raises going mainly to those in select industries
m Seychelles deny Lahoud, Leone Stars entry into country, cite Ebola fears
e David Arquette engaged...one week after ex Courteney Cox
b Amending tax returns
b Microsoft profits fall despite consumer, business line sales increases
t Neptune's Moon Triton Spotlighted In 'Best-Ever' Map Created From Old Voyager  ...
t Gaming's five biggest winners this year
b Stocks Bounce from Two-Day Sell-Off; Intel Helps Buoy Dow
e Miley Cyrus - Miley Cyrus' car found
b Bezos offers update on groceries, drones
e George Strait named entertainer of the year at ACM Awards
m Jefferson Parish chicken tests positive for West Nile virus
t Microsoft Updates Privacy Policy After Snooping Into Ex-Employee's Hotmail  ...
m Michael Schumacher's wife makes first public appearance since accident
b US Jobless Aid Applications Rise to 304000
e where to watch the 2014 Fourth of July fireworks in NYC
e Why Did AMC Decide to Break Mad Men Season 7 Into 2 Halves?
e Emmys 2014: Lena Dunham and Julia Roberts among worst-dressed
b VIDEO: Senator nearly hit by train at press conference
e Kim Kardashian Kanye West Wedding: Prenup Holding Back Kimye From Tying  ...
e Liverpool lad lands dream job of photographing Kim Kardashian's wedding
b Long Beach Businesses: LIRR Strike Would Hurt Bottom Line
m Sarepta Revives Hopes For Muscular Dystrophy Drug
e Twerking 101—Skidmore College Is Offering A Course On 'Sociology Of Miley  ...
b Medtronic To Buy Irish Medical-Device Manufacturer For $42.9 Billion
b Silicon Valley billionaire buys record $201M insurance policy
t Three Mozilla board members resign after Eich's appointment as CEO: report
b Forex - GBP/USD rises to 1-1/2 week highs after U.S. data
e Make Your Own Scandal Monologue -- Vulture
b World Bank: GDP Rebasing No Guarantee for Financial Inflows
e Lana Del Rey's Boyfriend Barrie-James O'Neill Denies Split
t Sandberg's mantra for breaking gender stereotypes
b Medtronic To Buy Covidien For $42.9B, Rebase In Ireland
b UPDATE: J&J Announces Acceptance of Binding Offer from Carlyle Group to Buy  ...
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Google Play Edition appears on Android site
t Earth-size 'diamond' discovered in space
t Report: A Pair of Bigger, Sharper iPhone 6 Smartphones Will Land in September
t Google Inc.'s share price up, starts acquisition talks with Twitch to add more  ...
b Crude & Brent Oil Fundamental Analysis July 30, 2014 Forecast
b County jobless rate same as one year ago
t Internet security company preaches web safety following Heartbleed bug
b Top 10 Dow Dividend Stocks for June
e David Fincher won't be directing Steve Jobs biopic after all, and more: Popcorn  ...
t Cousteau's Grandson Surfaces after Record Underwater Stay
t Microsoft changes company policy, vows not to snoop on emails
e Spoiler alert: Game of Thrones finale 'best yet'
b Jill Abramson's Reported Pay Gap Is Part of a Larger Pattern
e What does Selena Gomez's new tattoo mean?
t Hard and soft rights combine to solve the age-old question: function or form?
b Rev. Jesse Jackson targets Apple, Google, HP, others in tech racial diversity  ...
b Report: Ford Set to Announce CEO Changes
e Beyonce Posts Family Photo, Aims to Squash Jay Z Cheating Rumor
e Brad Pitt, Angelina Jolie to star in new upcoming film together: report
m McCaskill scolds Dr. Oz for promoting deceptive weight-loss products
t You Might Be Able To Watch A Giant Asteroid Blot Out A Star
b Hong Kong shares close 0.49% higher
b Herbalife under investigation by FTC over business model
b Muslims mark gloomy Eid amid MH17 crash, Gaza offensive
t Facebook Ask button lets pesky friends nag you about your private life
m Oakland Tribune editorial: Scary miscues at the CDC must be fixed quickly
e Lady Gaga takes a tumble thanks to her ridiculous platform shoes
b US STOCKS-Apple buoys Nasdaq; Ukraine weighs on broader market
e War breaks out in newest 'Dawn of the Planet of the Apes' trailer
b Prem Watsa faces regulator investigation
t Hackers hit Montana health database, breach impacts 1.3M users
e Hollywood eyes Bowe Bergdahls story - WFSB 3 Connecticut
b US, SunTrust Announce Nearly $1B Settlement
e Chrissy Teigen puts on a side show as she arrives at Met Gala
e Never-before-heard Johnny Cash album set to be released
t The Evolution of Everything in One Handy Simulation
b ​TEPCO fails to restart Fukushima water decontamination process
t July marked sharpest decline in gas pump prices in 6 years
e Why Kanye Got Booed On Stage
t E3 2014: Destiny Story Trailer Promises New Beginnings
m Diets High In Saturated Fat Could Increase A Woman's Risk For Breast Cancer
b Postal workers protest in uptown
t T-Mobile investigated for 'cramming' phone bills with bogus charges
t Facebook to Expand Privacy Check-Up Tool
e Schwarzenegger talks 'Sabotage' and ... missing politics — sort of
m Ghana testing blood samples of girl who allegedly died from Ebola case - official
e LIVE CHAT: Dancing With The Stars Week 4, Monday, 8 pm ET
e Sarah Jessica Parker Heads To Philadelphia For True Crime Drama Busted
e Designer L'Wren Scott, Mick Jagger's Girlfriend, Found Dead in NYC Apartment
e Oops: Jenny McCarthy planned to be on 'The View' for 20 years
e Brown's trial delayed for months new Chris Brown's trial on an assault charge  ...
b S&P revises up British credit rating outlook to Stable on broadening recovery
b Ousted American Apparel CEO Dov Charney plans lawsuit over termination
e Demi Lovato slams paparazzi 'bullies': "Why does it have to be a war?"
b France's BNP Paribas to pay $8.9 billion to US for sanctions violations
e ABBA Marks 40th Anniversary Of First Hit
b BMW announces $1 billion Upstate investment
t Google reportedly developing 'Project Tango' tablet with 3D mapping capabilities
b UN condemns Russia; IMF offers $18B loan for Ukraine
e Will Kim Kardashian's New Wedding Photo Break Instagram Records Too?
t The 'Last Mile' Connection: Why Would Apple And Comcast Partner Up?
m More than 2 billion people now heavy: study
e Talk Show Host Ellen DeGeneres Launching Lifestyle Brand
m Roy Exum: Second On The 3rd
b Wal-Mart sues Visa
e Zac Efron's Bodyguard Is Taking The Fall For Him, Which Makes Us Even More  ...
t Journal That Published Facebook Emotion Study Concerned About Method
b Canadian Bonds Higher With US Market After Yellen's Testimony
b BNP admits breaking US sanctions, agrees to $ 9 bn penalty
t Rep. Matsui Calls For Congressional Oversight Of AT&T And Comcast Deals
t New Dinosaur Species Dubbed The Chicken From Hell
e 'Captain America' sets box office record
e New York college to offer summer course on Miley Cyrus
e Star Wars: Episode VII Adds Two Cast Members
b Wall Street ends nearly flat after six-day rally
b Libya Parliament Votes Out Prime Minister
e Lorde Offers Nirvana Tribute at Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Induction (VIDEO)
b Icahn Targets Ebay Chief Donahoe After Company Rejects Board Slate
e 'Seinfeld' actor victim of Internet hoax, tweets 'I'm alive and well'
e Disguised Drake gets insulted on 'Jimmy Kimmel Live!' -- VIDEO
b Beware: Alibaba IPO isn't really selling Alibaba
t UN panel shows emissions sources
t Nokia reveals Nokia X2, successor to the entry-level Nokia X
t Pinterest Hacked, Butt Pics Placed On Various Accounts
e Kim Kardashian Suffers Wardrobe Malfunction On The Way To Met Gala
e Tina Fey Denies 'Mean Girls' Sequel Rumor
t Apple releases iOS 7.1 for iPhone, iPad and iPod touch with new features, visual  ...
e John Wayne Bobbitt on Andre Johnson Penis Loss: It's a Traumatic Experience
e Lady Gaga: I'm submissive with boyfriend Taylor Kinney
m Ohio State Mumps Outbreak Expands
t Facebook under investigation for News Feed emotion experiment
t California Suits Up To Battle Smartphone Theft With Kill Switch Legislation
m Childhood vaccines are safe, MMR may cause seizures
b China Plans Change to Opening-Price Mechanism of Money Rates
b UPDATE 2-BES cancels meeting after biggest shareholder gets creditor protection
e See The Most Flirty Pictures From Kim And Kanye's Wedding
m High BP is a silent killer too: Experts
t Pocket Pets? Mini Hedgehog and Tiny Tapir Fossils Found in Canada
m Baby gorilla at San Diego Zoo Safari Park battling pneumonia
b Dow Plunges 300 Points
m AIDS conference attendees on downed Malaysian jet
m Binge Drinking Is Killing a Lot of Americans
m Alzheimer's cases 'preventable' - UK research
e David Brockie: Fans Devastated By Gwar Singer's Death
m Alert: Mosquito-borne virus chikungunya worries CDC
e Miley Cyrus' Bangerz tour bus goes up in flames
e Sarah Jessica Parker Returning to Television In New Series
b Fourth Quarter 2013 Real GDP Growth Revised to 2.6 Percent
m Doctors: Illinois MERS patient not contagious
e Op-Ed: JK Rowling surprise — Adult Harry Potter short story hits the web
b Spread Between Large Cap, Small Cap Stocks At Record High
m Health agency kicks off tobacco lawsuit
t PlayStation Network hit by DDoS attacks, top exec in flight bomb scare
t Tesla Goes Titanium In Quest For More Safety
b GM stops South Africa production as striking union rejects offer
t FCC To Propose Change To Net Neutrality Rules, Media Report
b Swim at your own risk: Dangerous bacteria could be in waterways
b Citigroup And Justice Department Reportedly Near Deal
b Case-Shiller index: House prices rise again in South Florida
t Apple Agrees to Conditional $450 Million Ebook Antitrust Settlement
b GM Crops Banned in Oregon Counties
e Johnny Depp - Johnny Depp Served With Legal Papers At Film Premiere - Report
b East Hampton Home Sells for Record $147M
t Mt. Gox Rumored To Have Pocketed Bitcoins Reported As Stolen
e Beyonce graces cover of Time Magazine's 100 Most Influential People Issue
e Morrissey - Sick Morrissey Cancels Remainder Of Us Tour
t Las Vegas & Gresham OR Win Climate Protection Award
t Ancient Ocean May Have Existed on Pluto's Moon Charon
t Video Games News And Rumors 5/28/14
b JetBlue Airways Statement Regarding Outcome of Unionization Election Among  ...
b Hillshire Brands in formal talks with two suitors: Tyson Foods and Pilgrim's Pride
e Olivia Wilde Loves Her Pregnancy Boobs: 'It's A Wonderful New World'
e BET Awards Host Chris Rock Skewers Donald Sterling, Kevin Hart and Jay Z's  ...
b Alibaba: Chinese tech company plans 'granddaddy of all IPOs'
t US Auto Sales Surge in May -- 2nd Update
t Firefox CEO Responds To Antigay Past, Impresses Nobody
b Toronto stock market closes higher after Canadian data, US Fed comment
e Kim Kardashian And Kanye West's Paris Wedding Won't Be Filmed!
t IPCC report: 5 ways climate change threatens life as we know it
t Something's fishy: MIT creates first ever 'soft robot' fish [VIDEO]
m Tobacco companies have made cigarettes deadlier than ever
e New 'Hobbit' trailer teases an epic ending
t Microsoft To Eliminate Up To 18000 Jobs Over Next Year
t Antares Blasts Off On ISS Supply Mission
t Meeting real alien could be possible in another 20 years
b Export renewal cuts Canada's May trade gap to near zero
t Seven-storey dinosaur may be milestone moment for science
e 'The Bachelorette' 2014: Andi's mystery letter revealed by ABC
e Batman prequel series in the making
e Pharrell leads bet awards 2014
b Dish's Ergen Approached DirecTV CEO About Merger -Bloomberg
t NASA tests new technology for Mars landing
b Dov Charney's Latest Battle Plan to Win Back His American Apparel Job
b BofA to pay $9.5 billion to settle Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac claims
b 'May We Chat' Review: Hong Kong's Youth Have Seen Better Days
t Three South Korean mobile carriers have advanced Galaxy S5 launch
b Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg reaps $3.3B gain from stock options
e David Letterman welcomes Stephen Colbert to Late Show with selfie
m Glaxo recalls weight-loss drug Alli in US following consumer complaints
t Rare Birds Get All The Attention They Deserve, Thanks To New Approach To  ...
m After Deaths, PetCo Will Stop Selling Chinese-Made Treats
t Iceland Monitors Tremors After Retracting Eruption Alert
m Year's first West Nile case in Santa Cruz County confirmed
e They're off and running! Beyonce and Jay Z begin their joint megatour in Miami  ...
m Eat your 5-a-day: Consuming Fruit and Vegetables may reduce the risk of a stroke
t Comet Making Its Five Year Loop Around Earth
e Ciara And Future Welcome Baby Boy To The World [Details]
t This Hacker Just Proved Why You Should Stick With BlackBerry
t SPY PICS: Mercedes-Benz MLC
t Destiny E3 Gameplay Trailer Features PvE, PvP, and More
t New recalls just announced for Honda, Fiat
b Dean Baquet Promises Quick Digital Fixes at the New York Times
m Portland Water E. Coli: Citywide Boil Notice Issued After Bacteria Detected in  ...
t Apple's iPhone 5s and 5c leads in Europe, but platform mix rises with Samsung's  ...
b Gold Rallies to 10-Week High in Late Trading; Bargain Hunting, Technical  ...
m C-section baby gorilla 'improving'
m Is There Finally A “Cure” For Sickle Cell?
e Santa Barbara mass shooting sends #YesAllWomen trending
e Scripture to Screen: 'Noah' Sparks Controversy, Talk
b Coal Returns to German Utilities Replacing Lost Nuclear
t Microsoft to slash 18000 jobs in largest cuts in its history
b Stocks slip in afternoon trading; oil prices surge
e Need To Know: Will Sofia Coppola Go 'Under The Sea' For Her Next Film?
t Arctic Ocean Waves Growing, Seen As Sign Of Dangerous Global Warming
t Google Releases New Developer Videos For Android Wear
e 복사 URL 줄이기 레이어 닫기
e Madonna to Direct Adaptation of 'Beautiful' Book 'Ade: A Love Story'
m Affordable Care Act: Improved health, lower costs in youth with dependent  ...
e They walk with Jesus on the Way of the Cross
m Yawning May Cool Your Brain
t Apple to Launch Updated MacBook Airs Tomorrow?
b US Economy Grows at 4% Pace in 2Q
e Chelsea Handler Might Leave Chelsea Lately, E! Network
b Hatch Statement on Supreme Court Decision on EPA Overreach
b China's yuppies are new market force for global automakers like Ford, Peugeot  ...
e Billboard Music Awards 2014 Live Stream: Where And How To Watch The  ...
e Seinfeld Star Wayne Knight Tweets He's Not Dead to Debunk Hoax
t Moto E Might be Cheaper than Moto G: Pricing Leaked in India Ahead of Launch
b Uninsured rate lowest since 2008: Gallup
t Why You Should Be Excited For Extensions In iOS 8
e Miranda Kerr on Her Sexuality: 'I Appreciate Both Men and Women'
t 2015 Chevrolet Cruze interior revealed
e 'Maleficent' Trailer: Angelina Jolie Bestows a Curse
e Roses Cover Lady Gaga's Private Parts
t How to protect your personal data from the next hack attack like eBay
t Yahoo to keep more of Alibaba, share half of IPO proceeds
b US excited about what Modi wants to do for people of India, says Kerry
e Pussy Riot Denies Casting Rumor for 'Spring Break' Sequel
e Cannes Film Review: 'Saint Laurent'
t Twitter: Government requests for user data have increased
e Zac Efron's friends fear he has fallen off wagon but 'afraid to broach subject of his  ...
t Nokia's Chennai unit to be contract manufacturer
m Stroke Risk Can Be Reduced in Simple Way
t US Supreme Court Rejects Novell Plea, Grants Microsoft Antitrust Victory
b Candy Crush maker King Digital raises $630m in IPO
e 'Hunger Games: Mockingjay' Teaser: President Snow Wants a United Panem
t Microsoft's May event to see Surface Mini unveil?
b Red Lobster Sale Turns Darden Restaurants Into Dividend Company
e Neil Patrick Harris Hangs His Hat On His Penis For Rolling Stone! See The Erect  ...
b Osborne Names Broadbent As BoE Deputy Governor, IMF's Shafik To New Role
b Egypt takes big step toward reform of bloated subsidy system
t Report: NSA exploited Heartbleed bug for years
t Facebook Making Its Own Video-Chat App to Rival Snapchat: Report
e 'The Walking Dead' Season Finale: Which Characters Make It Out Alive?
e RIP Robert Halmi Sr.
m Saving Little Josh Hardy: Drug Company Denies Request for 'Compassionate Use'
t Google's Android L Developer Preview Brings Pretty Changes
b Interview with Benoît Cœuré, Member of the Executive Board of the ECB,
e How to Trainwreck Your Dragon-Franchise
e First Look at Bryce Dallas Howard in 'Jurassic World'
e BREAKING SHERLOCK NEWS: BBC confirms series 4, special, filming date  ...
m To avoid arguments, couples should eat first: study
e Gwar's Dave Brockie found dead in Richmond home
b AIG gets at least $650mn in BoA mortgage settlement
b Allergan Confirms Acquisition Proposal from Valeant Pharma - Quick facts
t Japan's NTT DOCOMO to Begin Selling Apple's iPads in June
e A Long Slog: Michael Bay Annoys His Detractors—and Everyone Else—With this  ...
m Ebola outbreak 'out of control,' ravaging West Africa, doctors warn
b China manufacturing growth slows to 8-month low, govt data shows
e 'The Bachelor's Juan Pablo Summed Up in 17 Seconds
t Moto E launched for Rs 6999, Flipkart Selling to Start from Tomorrow
e Julia Collins, winningest woman in 'Jeopardy!' history, ends winning streak
b United Insurance Holdings Corp. to Join Russell 3000(R), Russell 2000(R), and  ...
b What do Draghi's words mean?
m FDA to Propose Rules for e-Cigarette Makers
t Watch RoboCop Online Full Movie 2014 Free Director by Jaume Collet-Serra Film
m Virginia Democrats on the anniversary of Medicare, Medicaid
t Global warming dials up risks
t Top Kindle exec to update on Amazon video business next week
t With Google's Android One, expect sub-$100 phones from Micromax and others
e Pharrell signs on as 'Voice' coach
t LIVE: GM victims' families remarks
e Burning Question: Do Kim and Kanye Have a Wedding Registry?
e UNICEF fundraising effort gives 'Star Wars' fans chance at cameo in 'Episode VII'
t Valve Steam Machine Delayed Until Next Year
e Fox Hands Series Order To Batman Prequel 'Gotham'
b Microsoft 1Q Proves Company's Future Is in the Cloud
e Veteran entertainer Rolf Harris jailed for five years over sexual assaults
t Story removal: Cheaper to say yes?
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 and Galaxy S5 rumored to share the same color variety
t Facebook beefs up privacy for new users
b Commodities traders await BNP Paribas fall-out
e Kanye West tells advertising conference: 'I look at pictures of Kim Kardashian  ...
t GM Takes More Safety Recall Action, Targets 8.4 Million Vehicles
e HGTV pulling plug on real estate show amid protest over host's anti-gay  ...
e Prankster dives under America Ferrera's dress on Cannes red carpet
b Symantec Halted, Drops 6%: CEO Bennett Terminated, Board Member Brown  ...
t Apple Will Reportedly Announce a Wearable Device and Two Next Generation  ...
e Angelina Jolie Talks Raising Kids Without Guilt
e Avicii's “Wake Me Up” is the most streamed song of all time on Spotify
t 2015 Toyota FCV production design revealed
t LG G3 to be unveiled on May 27: Everything you should know about the  ...
b Scalia: EPA shouldn't be given 'unheralded power' over U.S. economy
t Man charged with tattooing stepdaughter; second such case in a few weeks
t U.S. and UK advise avoiding Internet Explorer until bug is fixed
m West Nile positive mosquitoes found in Milton
b Unboxing Box: The proverbial, and inevitable, jump over the startup cliff
t Dwight Watt: Should I run updates on Windows?
b Labor Market Recovery Debate Hinges on the Long-Term Unemployed
e Jessica Simpson Sunbathes Before Her Big Wedding (Pre-Wedding Pics)
b UK inflation falls to four year low
b Enrollment Ends Today - Health Care Edge
e PHOTOS: Kim Kardashian punk'd us with new blond hair
e The Bachelorette Review: Who Went Home Early?
b Crude Oil Prices Make Their Move Higher On Iraq Concerns
b Oracle to buy Micros Systems for $68 per share
e Justin Bieber, Selena spotted together at Coachella
b Turkey blocks Twitter over graft recordings
m Aspirin Can Reduce Colorectal Cancer Risks In People With Specific Genes
e Email Insights: #TeamCharlie St. Pete Pride march is right side of history
t Bald Eagle Egg Hatches in Pittsburgh, Watch Live
e British stars celebrated at Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards
e “X-Men” director accused of sex abuse in lawsuit
m InterMune to resubmit lead drug for US approval after trial success
e O'Brien: Colbert 'right person' to do 'Late Show'
m Is Working Stressful? For Many It Could Be More Relaxing Than Being At Home
t OCO-2 Lifts Off On Carbon-Counting Mission
e 'Girl Meets World' – IC Professor Cyndy Scheibe on How the TV World of 'Girl  ...
b UPDATE 1-Putin ally expects flurry of China deals in new role
e Macy's Fourth of July Fireworks Spectacular dazzled millions
t Google announces major update for its Glass device
e This Is Beyoncé And Jay Z's Wedding Video...
t Valve delay Steam Machines until 2015
b Smokestacks Back in Black, Industrial Stocks Take ETF Bounty (2)
m Fighting the never ending battle of cancer
e Amazon announces deal to stream HBO shows
t Google+ creator Vic Gundotra announces departure from Google
e Lady Gaga's 'GUY' Music Video: 12 Minutes of Eyebrow-Raising Oddities
e Bill Murray gives advice after crashing bachelor party
t UN court rules against Japan whaling
b Is China Preparing For 'Inevitable' War In South China Sea?
t Google Street View users now able to "go back in time"
b Walmart recalls doll that could burn a child
b Bipartisan group makes economic case for fighting climate change
b McDonald's reports mixed first quarter results
e Teenage girl, 17, was 'raped at Keith Urban concert in front of hundreds of fans  ...
m Dying zoo worker gets goodbye kiss from giraffe
m Birthweight and length of breastfeeding linked to adult obesity and disease
m Massive Ground Beef Recall: 1.8M Pounds Involved in E.Coli Scare
b John Cena wins WWE world heavyweight championship at Money In The Bank
t Who's to Blame for 'Catastrophic' Heartbleed Bug?
b Pilgrim's Pride Offers To Buy Hillshire Brands In $6.4 Bln Deal
t Xbox One Sales Double In June, Says Microsoft
t Jacques Cousteau's grandson surfaces after record underwater stay
e WWE legend Pat Patterson admits he is gay
e Peaches Geldof, Daughter of Rocker Bob Geldof, Dies at Age 25
t Microsoft Goes Big with Surface Pro 3
b Millionaire hiding envelopes with cash around San Francisco with help of Twitter
e Travel Channel Postpones Adam Richman's Show After He Tells Fan To 'Eat A  ...
t Supposed iPhone 6 Leaked Sketches, Images Show Body w/Rounded Edges
e LaBeouf charged after Broadway outburst
b Australians say latest objects need to be checked
e Beyonce MTV VMA Award Nominations: 'Drunk In Love' Singer Notches Eight  ...
m Pistorius manager explains 'heightened sense of awareness'
t siliconANGLE » OpenStack Summit 2014 marked by series of ecosystem  ...
b Taco Bell taps real-life Ronald McDonalds in television ads to promote new  ...
b Weir engineering group bids for Finnish rival Metso
b Global taxi-hailing app Uber in talks for fresh funding
b ISG Added to Russell 2000® Index
t Updated 'Cosmos' a much-needed jolt for science
t 'I'm Happy,' Says Man Whose Case Changed Europe's Rules For Google
b US officials: Boeing 787 Dreamliner is safe
t After outcry, Microsoft decides it won't access user data in theft probes
e Mila Kunis Finally Speaks Out on Baby, Engagement
e Marvel gives Thor a sex change for new comic
e Miley Cyrus debuts new tattoo of her dog Floyd
e Oscars 'Night Before' Party Pulled From Beverly Hills Hotel Over Sultan of Brunei  ...
t Honda recalls 900000 minivans
t How to Use Edward Snowden's Three Tips for Digital Privacy
t Apple sues Samsung for $2bn in patent clash, Google Android caught in crossfire
t Researchers find world's biggest flying bird fossil
m Race to Yes Optimistic About Path Forward for Duchenne Children
b Twitter Stock Falls 10% After Lockup Expires
e Coachella festival's fashion influence is everywhere
e Hollywood power couple Brangelina to star in upcoming movie
b Scotland's Weir Group eyes $14.17-bn buyout of Finnish rival Metso Oyj
e SAFETY: State fire officials urge the public to leave fireworks to the professionals
m Study Reports Vaccines are Safe for Children
t Samsung Partners Think New Galaxy Tab S Tablet Can Give Apple's iPad A Run  ...
b Alex Beam On The Amazon Publishing Behemoth
b Microsoft Office For iPad Launches Today
e George Clooney's Parents Are "Thrilled" About His Engagement to Amal  ...
e Wale Drops Lotus Flower Bomb On Twitter Troll At Wrestling Match [UPDATE]
e Lindsay Lohan trips at gala dinner in Italy
m The Surgeon General Is Raging Over all this Skin Cancer
m The latest National Drug Control Strategy
b Uber's worth could hit $10 billion based on latest financing efforts: report
e Miley Cyrus and Floyd
e Russell Crowe hits back at Noah critics
t Google's 7-inch Project Tango tablet said to have advanced 3D imaging
t Uber CEO: New funding may mean 'record-breaking' valuation
t Stephen Elop gives employees sneak peek at new 'selfie' phone
b Electric S-Class hinted by Mercedes-Benz executive
b After A Government&Imposed Twitter Ban, Turkey Sets Tweet Record
t Titanfall Launch Boosts Xbox One Sales 96% in the UK
e Record Store Day expected to rock in the suburbs
b China says one-fifth of its farmland polluted, mostly with toxins from  ...
e George R.R. Martin on Who Killed Joffrey
t RUMOUR: iPhone 6 Due For Release In September
b US open: Stocks edge lower as corporate earnings come in mixed
b Ackman's Pershing Square seeks to replace Allergan directors in Valeant fight
b Malaysia Airlines Flight 370: Get up to speed on latest developments
b US stocks mostly higher after rough week; Investors encouraged by retail sales  ...
m Diabetes cases increase nationwide, costing Americans billions o - WFSB 3  ...
t 2014 Easter Jeep Safari kicks off with six concepts
e 'Batman Vs. Superman' Movie: UFC Fighter Tyron Woodley Confirms He's In  ...
m 13:30 - Risk of Ebola outbreak in S. Africa ruled out
t Destiny Dwarfs GTA 5's Development and Promo Cost With a $500 MIllion  ...
e 'Frozen' Is Highest Grossing Animated Film of All Time After Opening in Japan
e What Paul Walker's brothers' involvement means for Fast and Furious 7
b Sales of New US Homes Plunge
t Facebook Back Online after 30-Minute Global Outage
m Mental Health Experts: Oscar Pistorius Not Mentally ill
b EFH to file for bankruptcy amid restructuring deal with creditors
b China share-indexes end higher, lifted by banks
e Zendaya Drops Out Of Aaliyah Biopic Amidst Family Criticism (DETAILS)
t Technology Tuesday: Powermat Launching in 2015 Cadillac ATS
b Dollar falls versus yen
t Sony warns Vaio users of fire risk from defective batteries
t BMW, Honda, Nissan, Toyota, Ford, Chrysler recalling cars in hot, humid areas  ...
b Obama: 'In five years it will no longer be called Obamacare.'
m Resistance to vital malaria drug spreads widely in Southeast Asia
t Intralinks Acquires Document Security Leader docTrackr
t Samsung apps get little use from consumers, study shows
t Koalas hug trees to survive Australian summers
e The 10 greatest TV vampires
e Dancing With the Stars' Winner Revealed
e Who took home the Billboard Music Awards 2014?
e Here's Your Guide To All Of The New Fall TV Previews
e North Korea Is Not Happy With James Franco & Seth Rogen's 'The Interview'
t Playtime gets revved-up with new 2015 Ford F-150 Power Wheels pickup
e Marvel Comics makes Thor a thunder goddess
e Lea Michele - Lea Michele A Victim Of Twitter.com Pregnancy Hoax
b Massive sinkhole opens after East Houston Street water main break
b US Economy Bounces Back Strongly in Second Quarter
b Fourth of July Brings Pending Increases at the Gas Pump
b SEC Charges Bitcoin Entrepreneur With Offering Unregistered Securities
e Probe done in circus accident, evidence provided
b ​Which US companies offer the best pay and benefits?
e Orphan Black writers know how show will end, says co-star Jordan Gavaris
e VIDEO: Bob Geldof's Daughter Peaches Found Dead at 25
b Urban Outfitters (URBN) Posts Quarterly Earnings, Beats Expectations By $0.05  ...
t IPCC report: Kerry and Hague call for tough climate action
t Apple, Google Settle Motorola Patent Lawsuits
m Sierra Leone fears Guinea's Ebola outbreak may have spread
e Twitter Music pulled from App Store
t Supermoon, July 12, 3:16 am
e Alibaba and Lions Gate Plan Subscription TV Streaming Service in China
t GM Knew About Defects Yet Failed To Issue Recall On 335k Saturn Ions
b 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick calls story that he is being investigated for  ...
e Rolf Harris 'Disguised Abuse As Bear Hugs'
m Massachusetts to purchase new software for troubled Health Connector website  ...
t Ford Lowers MPG Ratings On Six New Models - Refunds 200000 Owners For  ...
e Ashton Kutcher sought proposal permission
m Autistic kids neglected due to poor awareness
t Google patches Heartbleed across services, but millions of Android devices  ...
t HTC One W8 Windows Phone Smartphone Set to Launch on 19 August
b Target Chooses Former PepsiCo Executive Cornell as Next CEO
m Ebola death toll in West Africa rises to 337
b SNC Lavalin to buy UK engineering firm for $2.1 billion
e Bella Thorne is All About the Jewels at the Kids' Choice Awards 2014!
e Hot Toys Maleficent figure on the way
e Watch: Jimmy Fallon vs. Emma Stone in lip-sync battle
m Novartis announces new Alzheimer's research collaboration
b Gold holds losses after U.S. home sales, Chicago PMI reports
b Crude oil jumps to 9-month high
m Mers: WHO confirms 2 new cases in UAE
b UPDATE 1-North Dakota aims to nearly double pipeline capacity -governor
t Netflix, Verizon Ink Interconnection Agreement
e Producer suspended over Blue Ivy joke
e Just Checking In
e Veteran actress Kate O'Mara dies
e MOVIE REVIEW: The Amazing Spider-Man 2, Simply Put...Amazing.
b Musk Reveals What Tesla's Solar Backup Battery May Look Like
e GUEST EDITORIAL: The Strangeness of Easter
e The Bachelor 2014 winner is Nikki Ferrell [Results]: Watch Juan Pablo in After  ...
b Stocks in retreat mode Wednesday
e 3-D space opera 'Guardians' proves Marvel has funny bone
e J.K. Rowling's Harry Potter Follow-Up Will Be Bigger Than You Ever Imagined
b China vows to clean up 60% of cities by 2020
e 'Scandal' Season 3, Episode 15: 'Mama Said Knock You Out'
e Miley Cyrus May Have Just Called Liam Hemsworth a "Piece of Sh*t"
t Google Unveils Self-Built Driverless Car Without Steering Wheel, Brakes or  ...
b UPDATE 2-Hungary approves loan measure estimated to cost banks $2.6-$3.9  ...
e Lady Gaga or Jennifer Lopez: Whose New Video Is Most Stylish?
t A month after its first big series, Microsoft says Xbox studio to close
t VIDEO: Lavazza to bring coffee to outer space
e Peanuts Teaser Trailer: Charlie Brown and Snoopy Go 3D
e Obama seeks to ease Asian allies' doubts during visit to Japan
b Euro's Reserve Appeal Fades as ECB Prompts Decline
t Titanfall patch addresses bugs and balance issues
t Feds to Facebook: Hands Off WhatsApp Data
e Harry Potter spinoff Fantastic Beasts 'to turn into movie trilogy'
t A Google Inc (GOOG) Partnership that Could Push Stock to New Heights
b China Mobile annual profit falls 5.9 percent on higher spending, intense  ...
b Target Housecleaning Continues, Canadian President Replaced
e The Cinco de Mayo battle was in Mexico, but the marketing is made in Texas
e Kate Middleton relaxes in jeans as she and baby George attend polo match
b Supreme Court balances clean air against clean law (Commentary)
e 'Mad Men' Preview: The Monolith
e 'X-Men' Star Hugh Jackman Spends a 'Fantasy Day' at ESPN
b Inmarsat Offers Global Airline Tracking Service after MH370
b Ad-Free Living Gets More Expensive: Pandora Jacks Up Premium Prices
b HP Seen Suing Ex-Autonomy Officers, Not Its Own, in Deal
e 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2' Has an Oscorp Problem (and It Could Derail  ...
e Kim Kardashian Met Gala 2014 Attending Met Ball With Kanye West:
b Aust dollar falls at noon
b Tokyo stocks close flat after previous day's surge
e How to talk like Shakespeare on his 450th birthday
t Netflix Calls for Stronger Net Neutrality, Bashes ISPs
e 'Orphan Black' season 2 preview: The best show you're not watching
e Marc Anthony Ordered to Pay $26000 In Child Support To Ex-wife Dayanara  ...
b Sector Update: Healthcare
e Dylan's 'Like a Rolling Stone' draft sells for $2M - KMPH FOX 26 | Central San  ...
t Indian American CEO Connects Kids to Real Games Using an iPad
b Malaysian government releases raw satellite data
b Whole Foods earnings: Can it overcome 'whole paycheck' image?
e Kevin Sharp Death Not A Hoax, Country Singer Succumbs To Illness, Multiple  ...
e Lena Headey's Fierce Eyes & Soft Pout At The 2014 Emmys
e Did Olivia Palermo get married?
b Oracle's results fail to dispel turnaround worries
b Consumers keep credit cards close to vest
e George Clooney and fiancée Amal throw dinner party to celebrate engagement
b Target asks customers to leave guns at home, regardless of local laws
t Climate change producing less nutritional food, report says
b GLOBAL MARKETS-Shares, dollar tumble on Ukraine fears; gold up
t Backyard Universe: More discouraging weather prospects for tonight's eclipse
t No. The Microsoft Surface Pro 3 Will Not Replace My Laptop
t Google Chrome takes big chunk of commercial notebook sales
e Zuma, ANC mourn author Gordimer
t Here's A Concept Video For What Apple Could Do With The iPhone 6
m Weather kills 2000 a year in US; cold is top culprit
b Australian researchers study underwater sound for any links to missing Malaysia  ...
b New York Auto Show: Toyota gives Camry top-to-bottom makeover
b Celebrate the economy this Fourth of July
e Tina Fey shuts down Mean Girls 2 talk
m How Governor Cuomo Plans To End HIV Epidemic
e AKB48, Japanese girl band singers suffer horrific injuries after crazed fan attacks  ...
t Oculus Rift Lets You Play Classic Game Boy Games in Another World
b SC business notebook, April 12
b New York attorney general to probe high-frequency trading
b Interpreting the bond rally from a multi-asset perspective
e Kate Hudson New Movie 'Wish I Was Here' Release Date 2014, Watch Interview  ...
t Google Glass gets RAM upgrade to 2GB in time for UK launch
b Stocks Poised For Soft Start; Micros Systems Surges Premarket
e Nick Cannon Accused of Racism After Posting Picture in 'White Face'
t Everybody Hates Time Warner Cable and Comcast
e The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back  ...
e Andrew Garfield Really Loves Being Spider-Man
b Video of two jets in 'near miss' incident on Barcelona runway goes viral
t Google Celebrates The Web's 25th Birthday With Plea To Keep It Free
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Broadband LTE-A to launch this week?
e KCAs 2014 worst dressed: Kaley Cuoco, Ariana Grande and America Ferrera  ...
m Delaware Div. of Public Health warns residents of skin cancer risks
t Weil on Finance: Netflix's Wild Ride
e American Idol 2014 Spoilers: Season 13 Top 9 Sneak Peek (VIDEO)
e The Walking Dead Finale Spoiler: Possible Talking Dead Mystery Guest Hints At  ...
e Carriage horse foes picket Liam Neeson's NYC home
b Mortgage Interest Rates at BMO Harris Bank, Wells Fargo Saturday Jul 5, 2014
b US Fed cuts growth forecasts, continues tapering
e Gwyneth Paltrow appears on Glee singing Pharrell Williams' 'Happy'
t Canberra glows during Earth Hour
t Comcast wins! (Worst company in America)
t Moto G Vs Moto X: Specs and price comparison
e Same Oscars producers producing Oscars next year
e Abbott 'gutted' by Harris verdict
b Yum says China food safety scare hurting KFC, Pizza Hut sales
e NWA biopic casts its Dr. Dre, Eazy
e Malia Obama 'works on set of Halle Berry's Extant'
b ECB's Noyer Favors More Stimulus -- Update
t Marquez defends Texas title
e Jessica Simpson Ties the Knot Again
t Watch How Google's Android Wear Can Close Your Garage Door For You And  ...
t MakerBot Announces Availability of New MakerBot Replicator Z18 3D Printer
t With Quarter Expected Weak, How Much Longer Can Alibaba Be Yahoo's  ...
e Zac Efron's 'Neighbors' to Make a Name on the Box Office; Report Expects  ...
e Marcus Roberts: Tempted to play the Game of Thrones? Here's how.
b Newark Liberty Airport Construction Project Eyed In Near-Collision
t The Biggest Takeaway From Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference
b Janet Yellen says rules might need to be strengthened further to bolster largest  ...
t Tesla Motors removes patents in bid to open up electric vehicle market
b Oil Remains Near $107 On Renewed Supply Fears
e She's Not Welcome! Kim Kardashian 'Snubbed' By Hollywood's Elite
t Here's How Microsoft Exec Stephen Elop Told 12500 Employees They Were  ...
t Explanation for Ship Under World Trade Center Found
e Rolling Stones comment on L'Wren Scott's death; Charlie Watts performs in Perth
e New Michael Jackson Album, coming 5 years after his death
b Data Was Deleted From Flight 370 Pilot's Flight Simulator, Official Says
m Ebola Hits Liberia
b Stocks Meander Between Gains, Losses
b UN agency: US ruling on Argentina debt doesn't comply with US law
m Swimming - Former Olympic champion Van Dyken severs spine in accident
m Health Minister Harsh Vardhan donates blood on 'World Blood Donor Day'
t KC-made Malibu joins latest round of GM recalls
t Apple Is Buying Beats to Control You
b Is This the End for Barnes & Noble's Nook?
b Reserve Bank steps in to shore up long-term liquidity
e 'Orange is the New Black' renewed for third season
b Ready, Aim, Bargain Hunt
t Google Glass has style makeover, with sleek frames to counter geek factor
b Government bond yields rise for fourth straight day
b Germany Ifo Business Confidence Falls More Than Forecast
e Review: 'Bullets Over Broadway' misses the bull's-eye
e 'Godzilla' destroys weekend box office with $93M
b Oracle Confirms Plan To Buy Micros Systems For $5.3 Billion
e New Teen Accuser Says Bryan Singer Used Musclebound Henchman To Force  ...
b Euro to AUD Exchange Rate Holds Gains, EUR/GBP Strengthens, EUR/USD  ...
t With apology, Facebook tries to defuse backlash
m Check Nutrition Information at Food Product's Back: Study
e Avril Lavigne's Hello Kitty music video is getting killed by critics
b LIVE: Janet Yellen Explains The Fed Decision
b Inmarsat to provide free tracking service after MH370 mystery
b Boeing will assemble 787-10 in South Carolina
e Hangout Fest kicks off with limited arrests, minor medical issues
m Army issues 'worst-case' scenarios for reductions
t Montana Health Department Server Hack Likely Compromised 1.3 Million  ...
t Marc Marquez grabs MotoGP pole
b Ford To Name Fields As CEO, Mulally To Retire By Year-end: Bloomberg
e Record Store Day expected to rock in the suburbs
t 'Screwed?' US Climate Report Says Era of 'Normal' Over
b Amazon dons cape and tights, purchases comiXology
b GE scores a Pyrrhic victory in France
b Supreme Court hits Obama's global warming agenda
e US Airways' Tweet Of Airplane In A Ladygarden Overshadows Pulitzers  ...
b Ukrainian President Calls For Ceasefire In East Ukraine
e The Sopranos' David Chase finally confirms: 'Tony Soprano didn't die'
b McDonald's Workers Arrested for Protesting at Headquarters
e US: Stocks open lower amid Iraq violence
b Dollar subdued in thin trade, Aussie eyes RBA
b Stocks mixed after a weak start
b Priceline Swallows OpenTable, But the Tab Looks Rich
b Wall Street retreats
e 'Jersey Boys' Movie Trailer - Clint Eastwood Brings Broadway's Hit to the Big  ...
e Xbox One Version of The Amazing Spider-Man 2 Suddenly Available to Download
t Microsoft scores vs. cybercriminals, seizes 22 NO-IP domains
t Gas prices drop slightly in Savannah over the last week
b Latest Funding Value Snapchat at $10 billion
e 'Breaking Bad,' 'Modern Family' dominate Emmys
e Would a Softer Managerial Style Have Saved Jill Abramson?
e The Bachelorette RECAP—For Andi, Love Is Not A Risk
e Country Singer Scotty McCreery Victim Of Home Invasion
b EPA reaches deal with Duke
e “I Did Not Kill My Wife” – Gone Girl (Official Trailer)
e Claims kept from the Harris jury
e Kate Winslet Explains Why She Named Her Kid Bear Blaze
m Maine No. 1 in hospital safety
e Neil Patrick Harris is 'becoming Jared Leto manorxic' for 'Hedwig'
t Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 goes on sale for Rs 17825
e Six Iranians Arrested After Making a Fan Video of Pharrell's "Happy" (Video)
e Pat Sajak Rants on Twitter: Global Warming "Alarmists" Are "Unpatriotic Racists"
b BOJ' Iwata signals chance of tapering if economy overheats
e Neil Patrick Harris Said He Got "Jared Leto Manorexic" For Broadway Hit  ...
e On The Red Carpet At 'American Idol' Season 13 Finale [Pictures]
e Obama Uses Cinco De Mayo to Push Immigration
m MERS death toll keeps climbing in Saudi
t Winter's encore may obscure lunar eclipse
e Rolling Stones cancel Australian and New Zealand tour following L'Wren Scott's  ...
b CANADA FX DEBT-Canada dollar steady despite oil-price jump
e APNewsBreak: Speed to blame for Walker crash
e Oops! Feds 'Palcohol' approval was an error
t Orkut who? Google shuts down proto-social media site this September
t Large Swath of West Antarctic Ice Sheet is Bidding Goodbye
b First Quarter Fiscal 2015 Financial Highlights
t LeBron James, Beats debut first wireless earphones and they're aimed at fitness  ...
m Having high cholesterol 'increases infertility'
t Mother Octopus Sets Longest Egg-Tending Record: More Than 4 Years on Baby  ...
b S&P 500 closes above 1900 for first time - WBOC-TV 16, Delmarvas News  ...
e Kim Kardashian: North West Was Called A Racial Slur On A Flight — Watch
b Missing Malaysian jet most likely in southern Indian Ocean: Source
b SouFun Tumbles in New York on Commission Concern
b Weaker dollar, Iraq combine to boost gold
t Google beats Facebook's offer to acquire drone-maker Titan Aerospace
t Apple could make Dr. Dre a billionaire with Beats buy
e Peaches Geldof found dead at Wrotham home
e Shia LaBeouf arrested for misbehaving at Broadway 'Cabaret' performance
e Taylor Swift Featured In Video Posted By Jaime King
e Wu-Tang deny association with rapper who cut off own penis
b This could change everything
b German Ifo business confidence index dipped in June
b This Tax Day, Let's Celebrate Our Biggest Taxpayers
t Robi unveils Galaxy S5 in Sylhet
e New Transformers: Age of Extinction Poster, Trailer in 3 Days
m Long-term study supports detrimental effects of television viewing on sleep in  ...
t Total lunar eclipse visible tonight in Texas
m Join us for the Minnesota AIDS Walk
e Watch Foxcatcher Teaser Now
m Duchenne muscular dystrophy may be treated with erectile dysfunction drug
b Owen Valley sweeps 3-way meets
b Chrysler March 2014 Sales Rise 13 Percent
b BlackBerry beats quarterly expectations
e Joan Rivers refuses to apologize for joke involving Cleveland kidnapping victims
b Yahoo Reports 1Q Beat as Display Sales Hold Steady
t 'Kill Switch' Arrives On US Phones Next Year: Major Carriers, Smartphone  ...
m Germs on a Plane Can Hang Back on Plane Surfaces Up to a Week
b Stocks drift higher; S&P 500 holds on to 2000 - WXOW News 19 La Crosse, WI  ...
e Frankie Knuckles, 'Godfather of House Music,' Dead at 59
t Scientists discover 'Earth-like' planet in so-called Goldilocks Zone
b Europe Factors to Watch-Shares set to rise; eyes on euro zone data
t New meteor shower may peak this week: Why we haven't seen it before
b Zillow-Trulia juggernaut threatens to put 'huge percentage of real estate agents  ...
e Film review | Transformers: Age of Extinction
b Luxury Airlift: Etihad Launches New Suites on A380 and 787 Planes (VIDEO)
e Justin Bieber, Selena Gomez Drop Dirty Dancing Video You'll Either Love Or Hate
e Ex-HGTV Hosts: 'If Our Faith Costs Us a TV Show, So Be It'
e Jill Abramson tells graduates to 'show what you are made of'
b Unilever Trading Statement First Quarter 2014
m First cases of debilitating mosquito-borne virus contracted in U.S.
e Be the Potato Salad
t iOS and OS X are immune to Heartbleed bug
b RBI to propose steps to reduce window dressing by banks
t 2018 mission: Mars rover prototype unveiled in 'Mars Yard' testing ground in UK
b VIDEO: HP May Cut Up To 16000 More Jobs As Results Disappoint
m CHD risk greater in women with diabetes than men
t The pros and cons of holding students back in school in light of third grade  ...
e American Idol 2014 Spoilers: Top 4 – Caleb Johnson Performances (VIDEO)
t Reduction of greenhouse gas emissions needed to curb hunger
e Craziest parts of Shia LaBeouf's arrest
e Comic Character, Archie Andrews, Dead @ 73
b In the News: Men's Wearhouse, Toyota, Marlboro and more
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Zoom Specs Leak Again: 20.2MP Camera, 10x Optical  ...
m Florida is Fixing Its Longtime Painkiller Abuse Problem
e Video:Justin Bieber apologizes for being a racist
t New Samsung Galaxy 'A' Smartphone Range On The Way
t Samsung Announces Global Preview of Galaxy S5, Gear 2 and Gear Fit
t Twitter stock surges as World Cup boosts bottom line
m Saudi Arabia sets up expert advisory board to fight MERS
e Rapper Wiz Khalifa Arrested in Texas
m Processed red meat is associated with heart failure and death
t World climate experts meet in Japan to finalise latest report
e Pop culture according to Marianne: Comic Book Spy Thriller
b Giant fish tank bursts open at Downtown Disney restaurant
t Space station awaits for Russian craft after delay
t China Conducts Anti-Trust Investigation Against Microsoft
e 5 things to know about Thor's new identity as a woman
t Google eyes Apple and Roku with Android TV
m Mosquito sample in Delta tests positive for West Nile Virus, state says
e Hugh Jackman: Wear sunscreen!
b Russia-China Mega Gas Deal: A Threat to US Producers?
b GM adding 971000 vehicles to ignition recall - KCTV5
t Apple, Samsung make final pitches to US jury in patent trial
b CNBC: Alibaba's IPO could arrive in August
e 'Birdman' Opens 71st Venice Film Festival in Splendor
e Kanye-Kardashian party 'not a wedding' for Italy
m Guinea battles to contain Ebola as death toll rises
e 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2' Game For Xbox One Not Canceled; It Released  ...
e 13 of Maya Angelou's best quotes
t NASA's Opportunity Mars rover breaks driving distance record
e Watch: Kim Kardashian busts out of sports bra in latest KUWTK episode
b Court orders Russia to pay Yukos investors $50B
e Easter Spending Takes a Dip
e Fight with Beyonce's sister, Solange, just one of Jay Z's problems
t YouTube Builds 'Super Flaggers' Community To Detect Offending Videos
e Broadway to Dim Its Lights Tomorrow Night in Memory of Mary Rodgers Guettel
t Facebook to buy virtual reality company Oculus for $2B
m MH17: AIDS researcher Joep Lange, wife die in crash
e Beyonce reigns at MTV Video Music Awards
t Earth-like Planet
e Lupita Nyong'o, Scarlett Johansson close to signing on for 'Jungle Book'
b Milestone for Iraqi Kurds: Tanker Departs Ceyhan With Kurdish Oil
e PAUL WALKER GIRLFRIEND, JASMINE PILCHARD-GOSNELL STILL  ...
e Nicki Minaj Explains Her MTV VMAs Wardrobe Malfunction
e Easter tradition to highlight Holy Cross Church bake sale
t Cars.com Releases the 2014 American-Made Index
e 'Godzilla' Made $107 MM This Weekend, So There Will Be A Sequel
t Fruit flies can manoeuvre like fighter jets - and that's how they dodge death  ...
e Kurt Cobain's daughter hits back at 'wish I was dead' comments from Lana Del Ray
t FTC: T-Mobile made hundreds of millions of dollars from bogus charges
e RIP: Frankie Knuckles Godfather Of Chicago House Music Dead At 59
t Watch: Air Force launches top-secret satellite from Cape Canaveral
m We can rebuild him: Michigan man among 1st in US to get 'bionic eye'
m Alcohol And Energy Drink Combo May Increase Urge To Drink
t Internet Explorer falls prey to bug; Homeland Security suggests not using it
t Senate to discuss proposed AT&T merger with DirecTV
e Watch Weird Al Yankovic's new parody: Pharrell's 'Happy' becomes 'Tacky'
b US Stock Futures Little Changed Before Yellen Testimony
e Game Of Thrones gets Game Of Goats makeover ahead of The Purple Wedding
t Drunken Boaters the Focus of Weekend Crackdown
e Chelsea Handler signs off late night show with star-packed finale
t TV rebroadcaster Aereo ruled illegal as music biz argues over radio rates
e Report: Brad Pitt to play Gen. Stanley McChrystal
b Obama adminstration extending health care application deadline
b Samsung's April-June profit likely fell to 2-year low on slowdown in smartphone biz
b COLUMN-If Argentina restructures bonds to evade hedge funds, sanctions loom  ...
e Kasabian close Sunday night at Glastonbury 2014
t Google acquires Titan Aerospace
t Web-weaving spiders force Suzuki recall
e Simon Cowell Speaks Candidly About His New Life And Admits He Regrets  ...
b eBay Inc. Reports Second Quarter Results
t As Samsung Galaxy S5 Hits Stores, Apple Sues Samsung For $2bn
e New 'Power Rangers' movie announced based on TV series
b NTSB report says FAA is too reliant on Boeing for battery tests
e Kendall Jenner Says Posing Topless For Love Magazine Was 'Not Weird In Any  ...
t City of Ottawa to participate in Earth Hour 2014
e Schumer Pushes Plan to Enforce Truck Driver Rest Rules
t Time will tell if Google's smartwatch ticks
t Give people the middle finger, Emoji style
e Ariana Grande Is Performing At The MTV Video Music Awards! Is That A Problem?
m U.S. News & World Report Announces 2014-15 Best Hospitals Rankings
t ASUS Targets Low-End Smartwatch Market: Report
b Chipotle Posts Mixed 1Q Results
t Stocks make small losses, slipping below record levels as investors assess  ...
e Selena Gomez & Justin Bieber: Together At Scooter Braun's Wedding?
e Film 'a love letter to Morrissey'
e Watch 'Guardians of the Galaxy' Star Vin Diesel Say "I Am Groot" in Different  ...
b Google now world's top brand
e Is Selena Gomez Is Back In The Studio?
m You are here! Home > Features Analyses > Curbing saturated fat alone may not  ...
b Detroit home auctions online: $1000 starting bid on vacant foreclosed houses
b Greece to tap bond markets for financing in 2014 for first time since bailout
b Court of Appeals OKs local gas-drilling bans
t Astronomers Find a Huge Rocky Planet: A "Mega Earth"
b Zillow Announces Acquisition of Trulia for $3.5 Billion in Stock
e Bullock finds intruder in home
m You Can Now Reprogram Your Sleep Patterns With Your iPhone When You Travel
e David Lynch's ALS Ice Bucket Challenge is typically surreal
b Jobs report sends DOW over 17000
b LinkedIn hits the 300 million member mark
t Yahoo News Digest launches on Android as personalised Yahoo Sports app  ...
e Mila Kunis - Mila Kunis and Ashton Kutcher wanted kids for 'nearly a year'
e Aaliyah movie casts Disney's Zendaya
t FCC appoints Hart as press secretary
e Big Bang stars 'seeking' $US1M per episode
e Beyonce, LeBron James most powerful celebrities: Forbes
b China's Twitter rival, Weibo, scores in IPO
t Selling To Apple Would Make Beats The Most Successful Streaming Music App  ...
t Baby Video Monitor Batteries Recalled
e Former WWE Diva Stacy Keibler gets married in secret ceremony
e Film Review: 'Million Ways' is Seth's take on Western
b One Year Later: Bangladesh Leaders and International Labour Organization  ...
t Nintendo posts first quarter operating loss of $92.7 million
b Yakima County jobless rate drops to 5-year low for April
e ``Guardians`` rallies summer box office with $11.2 mn opening night
e Easter Week 5 - The Cross implies the idea of 'End Times' and a Resurrection
e Is Anne Sweeney Leaning Out By Leaving Disney?
t Wood storks tell conservation success story in Coastal Georgia
b Russia criticises UN resolution condemning Crimea's secession
e Box Office: New Holiday Films Fail to Set Off Fireworks at Multiplex
e Cannes 2014: America Ferrera Victim Of Gross Red Carpet Prank
m Pistorius not suffering from mental illness: Psychiatrists
t Make your Own Cosmetics At Home with Mink 3D Printing
e Christopher Nolan's 'Interstellar' to be universally appealing like the films he saw  ...
e US Airways apologizes for tweeting "inappropriate image"
m CDC Misplaced Anthrax, Moved Dangerous Materials in Ziploc Bags
b Dollar firms before Fed verdict, all eyes on Yellen debut
m Comatose Fresno woman to deliver baby by C-section
t Heartbleed: Marketing, Or Responsible Disclosure?
e Sam Riley talks meeting Angelina Jolie, red carpet faux pas and singing at  ...
b The Massive Costs Of California's Drought Are Already Adding Up
b American Apparel Has No Good Alternatives
e Star Wars spinoff movie to be directed by Godzilla's Gareth Edwards
e Hayden Panettiere Expecting First Child!
e Record Store Day 2014 Celebrates Rare Vinyls From Nirvana, Bruce  ...
b Obamacare signup extension planned
t Microsoft says printing functions will come to Office for iPad soon
t India-born Rajiv Suri named Nokia CEO
m FSU College of Medicine announces Match Day 2014 results
m First lady Michelle Obama responds to school meal critics
b Dow reaches record with 32-point rise
e Avicii Fans In Hospital After Boston Concert
m Rising Elderly Population will impact health care in United States
e Trailer On Spokane Zombies To Air
b FBI investigates high-speed trading on US stock markets
b Nokia Names Rajeev Suri CEO, To Recommence Dividend
e Del Ray and O'Neill 'not over'
e Purdy Inspires Amputees on Dancing with the Stars
b Job cuts in Canary Wharf announced by Barclayss
t U.N. panel warns global warming worsens food, hunger problems
t Microsoft Fights US Warrant
e Here are all the HBO shows you're now able to watch on Amazon Prime
m Agency's gaffes create a crisis of faith in CDC
m Don't wash chicken as it splashes bugs all over the kitchen
t Is a MacBook Air refresh coming tomorrow?
t Microsoft Surface Mini tipped for 20 May unveiling
b Wall Street sees upbeat session ahead on stimulus hopes; King Digital to debut
t BlackBerry announces eBBM Suite for enterprises
b India's manufacturing sector growth expands in May
m Ebola epidemic's scale in Guinea called unprecedented by aid agency
t Huawei Talks about the Design of the Ascend P7
e Miley Cyrus home burglarized, car and jewelry stolen
e Big shakeup at “The View”
e 'Two and a Half Men' Season 11 Spoilers: Mila Kunis Guest Stars in Upcoming  ...
e Jennifer Lopez & Marc Anthony's Divorce Is OFFICIAL, But Their Anti-Paparazzi  ...
b Japan's exports decline on weak US, Asian demand
b Mergers, Mergers All Around
e Dawn of the Planet of the Apes 4th of July TV Spot & 11 New Posters
b A Busy Week In The Forex Market
b INITIAL JOBLESS CLAIMS PLUMMET TO LOWEST LEVEL SINCE MAY 2007
m Heart Attacks, Strokes Have Declined Significantly Among Diabetics Since 1990
e Jay Leno to receive Mark Twain humor prize, step down, receive it again
t Samsung Galaxy S5: where can I get it?
b AMZN VS EBAY In Consideration- Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), eBay Inc  ...
t HTC launches new HTC One
e The Voice 2014: Music List from the Season 6 Playoffs — April 14, 2014
b Russia's Controversial New Gas Route
b Fitch affirms India's BBB- ratings; outlook stable
b BNP Paribas fined nearly $9B for violating US sanctions laws
t Local drivers affected by GM recalls
e Ice Cube says he was 'robbed' of MTV Movie Award because fans voted for Paul  ...
b US stock futures little changed on Wall Street
e Love tango? Dancing With The Stars' Maksim Chmerkovskiy and partner Meryl  ...
t Harley-Davidson Project LiveWire Electric Motorcycle
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Go Camping in Spoof Honeymoon Photos
e This Deleted 'Amazing Spider-Man 2' End-Credits Scene Gives A Huge Hint At  ...
m iPad, other devices might cause rashes due to nickel
t Cheaper iPhone 5c launched
e Star Wars Episode VII Has Started Filming [PHOTOS]
e Maleficent Review
t PS4 sales surpass 7 million worldwide
t Cosmic alignment makes Mars 10 times brighter than brightest star
t How to update Ubuntu to plug the Heartbleed OpenSSL flaw
t Americans love time travel and fear designer babies
e Metro Detroit 'Idol' hopefuls make cut
m Minnesota Woman Beats Cancer with Measles Vaccine
t Auto regulators dismiss GM ignition defect tied to 13 deaths
e Angelina Jolie Worried She Would Never Have Children, Be in Love or Meet the  ...
b Malaysia Airlines mulls change of name to repair reputation
e Harrison Ford's Injury May Keep Him Out of 'Star Wars' for 8 Weeks
b Barclays rocked by new scandal as US authorities accuse it of 'fraud and  ...
e Try Not To Stare At Kim Kardashian's Parisian Cleavage — We Dare You!
e Elliot Rodger wrote manifesto on his hate for women and his vindictive scheme  ...
b Alfa Romeo's ambitious model growth
e Kim Kardashian And Kanye West Are Going All Out To Keep Their Wedding  ...
e Jay-Z and Beyonce's 'On the Run' Set to Be Second Most Successful Tour of All  ...
b Deflation On The Mind
e How Did GWAR Frontman Dave Brockie Die? Oderus Urungus Found Dead
b S&P 500 ends higher, snapping 3-day losing streak
t Moto 360: Motorola steps into the wearable computing market
e 'Godzilla' stomps his way to year's second-highest box-office weekend
m WHO imposes travel curbs on polio-endemic Pakistan
b health insurance Survey confirms gains in sign-ups
e Floyd Mayweather And TI Reportedly Get Into Giant Brawl In Las Vegas
t Chrysler's May sales soar 16.7%; GM sales jump 12.6%; Ford up 3%
e Lady Gaga and Tony Bennett celebrate collaboration with concert
b Nasdaq finishes below 4000; talk of correction grows
e The World Needs a Joan and Peggy Spinoff, and 7 More 'Mad Men' Highlights  ...
b Reasons to Repeal the Renewable Fuel Standard
e Josh Elliott leaving 'Good Morning America,' replaced by Amy Robach
e Inside Prince William and Kate Middleton's Very Sporty Weekend
b Malaysia MH17 Investigation Deepens
b HTZ: Hertz to Spin Off Construction Rental Business
t Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg may be working on his own 'Secret' app
b Farewell to the Amby (Ambassador)
m Mysterious illness sickens 84 swimmers in Kitsap County lake
e 'Girl Meets World' Trailer Released: Meet Daughter Riley (VIDEO)
e Minecraft for PS4 & Xbox One Release Date, Price: Marvel's Guardians of the  ...
e 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2' spins its promotions web far and wide
b Canadian Dollar to Pound (GBP/CAD) Exchange Rate Stronger, CAD/USD  ...
t Facebook's latest app connects celebrities with fans
e Rita Ora's White Bustier on 'The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon'
t Google Glass Android 4.4 KitKat Update Arriving This Week
t 2004-'11 Saab 9-3 Convertibles Recalled for Seatbelt Problem
b Yellen gives no hint of lowering interest rates soon
e J.J. Abrams Wants You To Be In Star Wars: Episode VII
b EUROPE MARKETS: European Stocks In Selling Mode, But Glencore Gains
b Amazon top seller on global wealth inequality draws conservatives' counterfire
e How I Met Your Dad: The How I Met Your Mother Spinoff
e Prince Harry, Girlfriend Cressida Bonas Engaged? Royal Couple Photographed  ...
m India and 80% of the World Declared Polio-Free; WHO On its Way to End Global  ...
b Fed advances discussion on strategy to exit from loose policy: FOMC minutes
t Nokia launches X2, a dual SIM Android smartphone
e Eminem and Rihanna to Perform at 2014 MTV Movie Awards
e L'Wren Scott Suicide: Was Boyfriend Mick Jagger Responsible?
e Here's the 'Morgan Freeman on Helium' Video You've Been Waiting For
b Siemens CEO licks wounds after Alstom defeat
b Apple in talks to buy Renesas's chip designing unit: Report
t Google April Fools' Jokes 2014: A Complete Rundown
b Canada, 'take Justin Bieber back' to get Taco Bell breakfast, exec quips
b Stay-at-home moms on the rise, new research shows
t Paris car ban: 'Most people are playing the game'
e Gabriel García Márquez Dead: Nobel Prize-Winning Author Dies At 87
t Chrysler misses NHTSA deadline on Jeep trailer hitches
e “Brick Mansions”: Is RZA's Character The New Nino Brown? [EXCLUSIVE]
b Twitter shares sink to new lows as stock lock-up expires
b The Ad Contrarian: Omnicom and Publicis
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West And Guests Post Photos From Kimye's Wedding  ...
e Amazon renews 'Alpha House,' picks up 6 series
b Central banks' inflation obsession was fatally flawed, says BofE Governor Mark  ...
e 'Shield' actor Michael Jace pleads not guilty to killing wife
e How Amazon Can Turn Fire TV Into a Blockbuster
m IAN KIRKWOOD: Unearthing pot's value
b Switzerland May Adopt A $25 Minimum Wage
e Lady Gaga Turns 28 - March 28
t NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) news: Nvidia details next-gen GPU platform  ...
b Founder escalates fight with American Apparel
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Ad Mocks Apple iPhone Users For Being 'Wall Huggers'
e Mick Jagger Left Devastated by Girlfriend L'Wren Scott's Death
e The life and lies of Rolf Harris: Entertainer, musician and pervert
e Pharrell Williams - Pharrell Williams Worked Hard To Win Love Of His Now-wife
m Conjoined twins leave hospital and go to rehab center
e Which Mad Men Character Was Killed Off In Midseason Finale 'Waterloo'?
e Hello Kitty is a 'girl' not a 'cat'
e “Dawn of the Planet of the Apes” Viral Videos Tease Tomorrow's Trailer Premiere
b Amazon To Acquire Digital Comics Platform And Distributor ComiXology
e The Hottest Stories Right Now!
m Skip The Stirrups: Doctors Rethink Yearly Pelvic Exams
t No, Microsoft and Sony Don't Need to Worry About the Facebook-Oculus Deal
t First Purported Photos of Amazon's Rumored Smartphone in Prototype Form Hit  ...
m The 9 unhealthiest, highest-calorie chain restaurant meals of 2014
b Losses By AIG, Twitter Contribute To Weakness On Wall Street - US Commentary
b Final China HSBC factory PMI fall to 48 in March
b Push on in Kan., Mo. for final days of Obamacare enrollment
e Garth Brooks World Tour 2014 Is Happening
e Movie News: Classic Movie Star Mickey Rooney Dies at 93
b Gas prices jumped in Pa. in April
e 'Grey's Anatomy' Season 10 Finale Recap: Farewell, Cristina Yang!
t 2015 Ford Mustang 50 Year Limited Edition Announced at NYIAS
m Lawmakers call for e-cigarette regulations
e Olivia Palermo secretly marries Johannes Huebl
t Jeep close to deal with Guangzhou Auto, reveals Renegade in New York
t Nintendo apologises for failing to include same-sex relationships in Tomodachi  ...
t Virtual reality is here (almost)...
t The Interesting Reason Koalas Are Always Hugging Trees
m One drink at 14 makes a binge drinker?
m Long time Boston Mayor Tom Menino diagnosed with advanced form of cancer
b Coca-Cola employee accused of stealing 53 laptops
m 'Exercise may help prevent Alzheimer's disease'
t Colorado astronaut blasts off for Space Station
b Fracking Linked To Earthquakes In Ohio, New Permit Conditions Issued
m Welcome to 'Don't Fry Day'
m 1.8 Million Pounds of Beef Recalled for E. Coli
e First Clip From Ryan Gosling's Directorial Debut Lost River
e Radio host's soft voice counted down Top 40 across US
m Saudi Arabia reports eight more MERS deaths
t Prepare For The Mother Lode Of New Apple Products
e 3 indicted in crash that killed Gregg Allman movie crew member
b JPM Stock is Feeling Down on Disappointing Earnings
e Rolf Harris guilty: DJ never believed he was a pervert 'until he groped my breast'
e Kate Winslet, Shailene Woodley shine on at Divergent's LA premiere
b US STOCKS-Wall St little changed, set to end quarter higher
b Fed Chair Janet Yellen to address class of 2014 at Yankee Stadium
e Why Did The “Happy” Dancers Of Iran Land Up In Jail?
b Credit Suisse Downgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. to "Underweight" (CS)
b Getting landlords, tenants to agree is balancing act
e Hedi Slimane Shot 'Maleficent' Star Angelina Jolie for Elle Magazine's June Cover
t Microsoft's mammoth memo shows how not to define your mission
b Europe's 'sick man' France dealt another blow as manufacturing contracts
e BET Awards 2014: Nicki Minaj provides a refreshingly vicious jolt
e Jonah Hill Apologizes Again for Using Anti-Gay Slur
b Turkish President Gul condemns Twitter ban
t Content Insider #336 - Power Words
b USD suffered losses against major rivals on Monday
b CBS Hits Warren Buffett From Left Over Burger King Deal: 'Capitalist Before He's  ...
e Kim Kardashian Flaunts Hot Bikini Body
b AT&T Said in Talks to Buy DirecTV for About $50 Billion
b OECD cuts China 2014 growth forecast to 7.4 percent
b Macro Horizons: Jittery Investors Await Jobs; Good News as Bad News?
e Lady Gaga readies jazz CD with Tony Bennett
e Dina Lohan Pleads Guilty For Driving While Intoxicated
b Tweet-and-shop: Amazon introduces service targeting Twitter users
m Jenny McCarthy and Donnie Wahlberg Together Forever? 'The View' Host  ...
b Venezuela is wreaking havoc on big companies
m Pierce among state's healthiest counties
e A Kinder, Gentler, more Grown-up Easter.
e Jesus comes to Brighton
t Rare full moon on Friday the 13th won't happen again until 2049
t Apple approves additional $30 billion share buyback
e Man gets stuck in airport overnight, makes spectacular music video
e Day at Disneyland now US$96
b Germany: Police seize cocaine-filled condoms en route to Vatican City
b Yulia 'now a longshot in Ukraine vote'
t Quick Tip: How to Change the Watch Face on Android Wear
t 25 years of the web celebrated this week
m Poor Diagnosis Driving Multidrug-Resistant Tuberculosis Around The World: WHO
t Google Encrypted Gmail–The Official Announcement
t FWC announces new measures to combat lionfish
t From Foxconn show next-gen iPhone images reportedly sourced,More iPhone 6  ...
b Barclays' Dark Pool Operation Target Of AG's Lawsuit
t GM recalls 1.5 million vehicles for steering defect
b China evacuates workers after Vietnam deadly
b Taxis are striking against the Uber cab-booking app. Good. It's high time cabbies  ...
t Now Bring Android L to Your Android Smartphone Through Nova Launcher  ...
e Keith Richards To Write A Children's Book
t Nintendo Will Debut These Skylanders-Style Figures at E3
e Marvel's 'Captain America' to Clash With 'Batman vs. Superman'
e Toronto-born architect Frank Gehry's exhibit shows redesign of Philly museum
t Mass. gas prices up a penny per gallon
t OkCupid admits to FB-style experiment on customers
b Walmart Now Trying To Woo Us With Cheap Organic Food
e Could the Garth gigs be saved? Here are the options…
m Person who has contact with Indiana MERS patient positive for virus, but few  ...
e U.S. Airways accidentally tweets lewd photo
e Did Blake Shelton tweet Adam Levine's cell number?
e Captain America Cast In London For Premiere
b New Home Sales Soar to Six-Year High in May
t Google making low-cost smartphone for emerging markets
e Lambert: I'm really magical
t Honda and others take air bag recalls past 10m
b Justices rebuke EPA, but uphold global warming rules
e Flight attendant cracks up passengers during safety presentation
e The truth behind 'The Other Woman' (VIDEO)
e Zac Efron Dresses in Drag on 'Tonight Show' - Watch Now!
t Samsung debuts Galaxy Ace 4 alongside three other entry-level Android devices
t LG G3 vs the competition: how do they compare?
t PlayStation 4 and Titanfall Lead NPD Sales Figures for April
b Crude oil prices fall on easing Iraq supply fears
e Lupita Nyong'o announced as People Magazine's Most Beautiful star
e 'The Walking Dead' season 4 finale spoilers: Andrew Lincoln, Chandler Riggs in  ...
b Hewlett-Packard Is One Of The Many Reasons Why You Should Sell 3D Systems
b Comcast deal gives it market power on Internet backbone, critic says
m Researchers Identify New Target of Malaria Vaccine
b Wal-Mart Sues Visa Over Alleged Price Fixing
t Xbox One dated and priced for China release
m Roll up your sleeve for World Donor Day
b Case-Shiller: Home Prices Slip Further in January
e 'Do My T**s Bother You?': Rihanna Speaks Out About Controversial CFDA  ...
e Christians observe Good Friday across India
e After its #music app failed hard, Twitter gives music a second try
t Astronomers discover Earth's twin planet
e Teutopolis, Fourth grade, Mrs. Mette
e Columbus Short says he struggles 'medicating with alcohol'
b Chances of an IRS audit lowest in years
e Predictable 'Neighbors' wears out its welcome
t GM CEO Cries As She Meets Relatives Of Victims Killed In Recalled GM Vehicles
b US home sales down by 2% year on year, mainly due to fall in distressed sales
b Comex gold up 0.2% to USD 1314.1; silver flat
e Charlize Theron and Sean Penn whisper sweet nothings at Dior show
t NASA Announces Construction To Begin On 2016 Mars Lander
e Paramount Australia 'deeply sorry' for 9/11 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' poster
e Ruby Dee, Hollywood and Civil Rights Legend, Has Died at 91
m Read to babies every day, pediatricians now say
t Facebook starts work on drones to provide Internet to all
e Katt Williams denies drawing gun at comedy club - report
e VIDEO: Christie, Fallon Dance Like Dads
t Windows Phone 8.1 Expected In July
t Google sets sights beyond smartphones after runaway Android success
e Lindsay Lohan Vs Rockstar Games: Does She Have A Case Against 'Grand  ...
t Is Microsoft About to Stop Supporting Your Favorite Product?
t Chariklo: An Asteroid with Rings
e Snapped fastener caused circus accident, officials say
e Brad Pitt Tossed Matthew McConaughey A Beer Across NOLA Balcony [VIDEO]
e Everything Is Lies: Gosling and McAdams Hated Each Other While Filming The  ...
b Legal pot becomes a touchy workplace issue
m Menino is being treated for advanced cancer
t Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 7.0 vs Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0: Same brand but  ...
t Editorial: The fires are growing, so get ready, Utahns
b General Motors: SEC among authorities looking into ignition-switch recall
b Candy Crush maker valued at $8 billion
t sea creatures wash ashore in San Francisco
t Emperor penguin population to slide due to Antarctic climate change
m The Pill Linked to Breast Cancer Risk
m Tracking painkiller sales
m Running will boost your longevity
e TVtype: Diane Sawyer stepping down as anchor of ABC's “World News”
t Asteroid impact risks 'underappreciated'
e HBO Coming To Amazon's Prime Instant, Fire TV: Why Did The Premium Cable  ...
b European Central Bank holds key interest rate steady
t General Motor's ignition recall goes up to 2.6 million compact vehicles
e Doug Camilli: John Travolta finds another way to pronounce 'I'm sorry'
m Mom arrested for breastfeeding while drinking
t General Motors Victim Compensation Fund Will Be 'Generous and Fair'
t New HTC One Lands On Vodafone UK (Video)
m Study: Alcohol cutting down more Americans in their prime
b China and Russia sign a €292 billion 'historic' gas deal
e George Clooney Storms Out Of Dinner With Casino Mogul Steve Wynn Over  ...
e Kanye West and Kim Kardashian's wedding will 'absolutely' take place in  ...
e Doctors Fail to Reattach Penis of Wu-Tang Clan Affiliated Rapper Andre  ...
e TV's Judge Joe Brown Arrested In Tennessee
e GAME OF THRONES Recap: “First of His Name”
e Gabriel Garcia Marquez's Ashes Brought to Palace of Fine Arts as Mexico Says  ...
b Gas prices could be increasing soon
e People question united Beyonce and Solange at Chime for Change
t Microsoft to close Xbox Entertainment Studios and scrap original video plans
e Is Zac Efron's New Girlfriend The Girl Next Door?
e Wounded rapper Raymond Scott describes dramatic funeral procession  ...
t Toyota names price for fuel cell car
t Apple is in a plan to release the biggest ever iPad
e Remembering Ann B. Davis Of 'The Brady Bunch'
b Japan current account surplus shrinking away
t Minecraft PS3 gets retail release in May
b Ladies' Home Journal to Be a Quarterly Magazine
t Intel, PC makers working with Google on next wave of Chromebooks in latest  ...
t Microsoft Offers $100 Discount to Get You to Dump That Old XP Machine
t Google, Ray-Ban maker clinch partnership for Glass eyewear
e More names revealed on Lindsay Lohan's list of sexual conquests
e WATCH: Southwest Flight Attendant Delivers Hilarious Safety Announcement
e RIP: Frankie Knuckles, Chicago house pioneer
e Three More Bad Guys to Appear in BATMAN V. SUPERMAN: DAWN OF JUSTICE
b Government impounds car for giving free rides to cancer patients
t Gas up 2 cents in Rhode Island to average of $3.57 a gallon; up 11 cents from a  ...
m Mumps outbreak at Ohio State grows to 23 cases
e Lindsay Lohan Miscarries Pregnancy
t A New Leak Shows LG's Next Smartwatch Will Be Round
t Samsung to launch Tizen devices, Android smartwatch, and a Galaxy Note with  ...
e 'Homeland' star James Rebhorn dead of cancer
b Ocean search for lost Malaysian jet shifts 1100 km north
t Microsoft says Office for iPad will not immediately work for SharePoint 2010 users
t Video: Two Rare, 15-Foot Oarfish Seen Swimming With Tourists
e Did Kim Kardashian and Kanye West quietly tie the knot this weekend?
t Sharing details of hacks not anti-trust violation
e Kim Kardashian And Kanye West's Wedding Invitation Revealed?
e Trailer : Dawn of the Planet of the Apes
b Three lessons the world can teach the Federal Reserve
e 'Game Of Thrones' Controversial Scene: 12 Reasons It Matters
b UK's FTSE rallies as Rolls-Royce races higher
t Google settles YouTube copyright lawsuit with Viacom
b Just In: Police: 2 killed in SUV struck by Amtrak train
t Elon Musk Just Hooked the World Up With Free Tesla Patents
b Big U.S. banks able to weather a financial crisis
b HTC One M8 drives company back to profitability
b Search for flight debris continues
m Lack Of Sleep Can Make Brains Age Faster And May Increase Risk Of Dementia  ...
t Microsoft ushers in new era with Office for iPad
e Brad Paisley Photobombs Westboro Baptist Church Protesters
t Report: Apple Considers Building An On-Demand Music Service To Take On  ...
b Devon Energy selling some US assets for $2.3B
m Bionic DEKA Arm, mind-controlled prosthetic, approved by FDA
e Andi Dorfman's Parents Tweet Josh and Andi: “We Are Both So Happy For You”
t Where to buy Samsung Galaxy S5: Galaxy S5 price and UK best deals for  ...
b Yen Weakens Against Major Peers Before Yellen Speaks
t Twitter's new design more like Facebook
e Transformers Producers Bryce and Di Bonaventura Talk GI Joe Transformers  ...
b Agenda for Tuesday's EU Summit: Keep It Together
t NASA Successfully Launches and Recovers a Flying Saucer: Video
b Dow Jones Industrial Average Drops Nearly 100 Points Today, and Other Top  ...
e Miley Cyrus talks hospitalization, cravings and resuming her Bangerz tour
e Casey Kasem's body still not buried a month after his death
t Xbox One Will Launch with Free Xbox Live Gold Access in China
m Colleagues speak highly of ACU grad who is battling the Ebola virus
t Google takes down links to British journalism under 'right to be forgotten' rule
e Garth Brooks' July 7 news and Dublin's LVA condemns Councils' shows refusal
e Kate and William miss big first moment for baby George
b U.S. Manufacturing PMI Little Changed in June
m PA Issues Haj Warning as Saudi MERS virus reaches US, UK
m Anti-aging gene boosts brain power, IQ
e More women claim Harris abuse
t The 3rd National Climate Assessment - Denial That Limits Needed Action
e Mickey Rooney dies at home in Los Angeles
e Report: Brady, Bundchen selling LA mansion, moving to Massachusetts
e Quentin Tarantino is modifying script for 'The Hateful...
e Gwen Stefani shows off svelte post-pregnancy body in black jumpsuit for  ...
t Microsoft To Slash 18000 Jobs Hardest Hit Nokia + Xbox Divisions
m Trader Joe's And Target Hummus Recalled After Listeria Outbreak
m Guinea confirms Ebola caused 59 fever deaths
e Report: Paul McCartney hospitalized in Japan as condition worsens
t GM Recall of Certain Model Year 2013 – 2014 Cadillac XTS Vehicles
b CBO Forecasts $506 B US Federal Budget Deficit
e Michelle Williams Gets Raves for Broadway Debut in 'Cabaret'!
b Procter & Gamble to downsize, sell off half its brands
e Mel Gibson - Mel Gibson's Arresting Officer Hits Back At Gary Oldman
b Nikkei hits 6-month high on earnings hopes; casino plays outperform
m FDA Wary of Gynecology Machine
e A little more effort to listen
m Medical marijuana for children with epilepsy advances
t The Best Just Got Better: Introducing The HTC One (M8)
e Paul Walker's daughter 'disgusted' by granny's guardianship bid
t Apple rumored to be readying an 8GB iPhone 5c for launch... tomorrow?
t Griffith Observatory To Stay Open Late For 'Blood Moon' Eclipse
t The tech developer's World Cup: Google 2, Apple 1
e Nick Lachey Announces Wife Vanessa's Pregnancy on Twitter
b Fed official sees no rate hike this year
t Astronomers spot distant planet in "habitable zone"
t Why Heartbleed Will Change the Internet as You Know It
m Half of Americans believe in at least one medical conspiracy theory
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Fly to Ireland for Honeymoon After Italian  ...
e Fire TV: Is Amazon's Box Going Down in Flames?
e X-Men's Bryan Singer Hit With New Sexual Assault Lawsuit
m Weight-loss surgery may reverse diabetes
t Xbox One April update previewed and detailed
m Kathleen Sebelius takes her exit
t Supreme Court blocks Internet breach of broadcast TV
e Here's the first look at the upcoming computer-animated 'Peanuts' movie
e 'The Bachelorette's' Andi Dorfman: 'No control and no routine'
e Devout Christians participate in midnight Easter services with fervor across the  ...
e Jamie Foxx Will Play Mike Tyson In An Upcoming Biopic
b Malaysia Flight 370 satellite data to be released
t Q&A: What you need to know about the GM ignition switch recall
t inFamous: Second Son Utilizes Havok Physics Engine for Collision Detection  ...
t M.D. Harmon: Climate-change skeptics face intellectual McCarthyism
b SolarCity To Buy Panel Maker
e Harrison Ford airlifted to hospital after injury while filming new 'Star Wars' movie
t Google has now joined Instagram
e Sherlock Season 4: Christmas Special Episode in the Works and Actor Martin  ...
b GM suspends production amid S. African strike
t Apple Asks US Court to Order Samsung to Remove Infringing Features
b AOL's Q1 profit misses estimate
e Taylor tops money charts
m Medical marijuana smoking could become legal in public in IL
t Huawei Ascend P7 packs in a full HD screen, quad-core power and an 8MP front  ...
b McDonald's Could Be Responsible For Franchise Labor Practices
b Report: AT&T negotiating to buy DirecTV for about $50 billion
b Families threaten hunger strike over missing Malaysian plane 0
t Facebook Takes Steps to Prevent Over-Sharing
m Federal report: Hospitals improving patient safety
t Microsoft brings Office to the iPad
e Avicii Tweets His Health Update! Find Out About His Successful Gallbladder  ...
m 'Bionic Eye' Allows Roger Pontz, Who Was Nearly Blind, To See
e Macklemore Issues Apology For Stereotypical Costume
b China Contaminated Farmland: One-Fifth of Soil Has Toxic Metals
e Mayor: George Lucas museum coming to Chicago
t Chinese regulators raid Microsoft offices
e Lawyer: Director not in Hawaii during alleged acts
b After surging to as high as $1.3993 minutes ago, the euro is now at closer to  ...
m Southern States Prescribe the Most Narcotic Painkillers: CDC
t Charter Challenges Comcast-Time Warner Cable Deal in Proxy Fight
b German Ifo Business Index Declines as Growth Seen Slowing
e Lindsay Lohan makes the shocking revelation she recently had a miscarriage
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Developer Edition goes live, exclusive to Verizon Wireless
e Game of Thrones finale shatters piracy records with 2PB of illegal downloads
t Lizard Squad: Who Is the Group Claiming Responsibility for High Profile Hacks?
e Angelina Jolie Opens Up On Glittering Career: I'd Be 'Miserable' Living Without  ...
m Baby gates send 1800 kids a year to the ER
e Important Poll: Robin Thicke Keeps Apologizing, But Will He Ever Get Paula Back?
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West Are Officially Married, Exchanged Wedding Vows  ...
m Team clones stem cells from 75-year-old's skin
b Waters Discusses Economic Challenges and Legislative Threats with Chair Yellen
m ACIP says flu vaccine nasal spray better than injection
e Holy moly! Kim Kardashian shows off a LOT of leg in ripped jeans on coffee date  ...
e Hank Baskett in motel? Serious rumor intrudes on Kendra Wilkinson's marriage
e Visuals and Characters Astound in How to Train Your Dragon 2
e Bryan Singer accuser Michael Egan filed earlier sexual abuse suit but did not  ...
b Lululemon says profits held steady in fourth quarter, revenue up 7 per cent
e Inside Jessica Simpson And Eric Johnson's Rehearsal Dinner
e Miley Cyrus Encourages All Of London's Youth To Smoke Pot & Have Sex  ...
b Web storage provider seeks US$250m IPO
e Peaches Geldof - Peaches Geldof was devoted to sons
b Twitter posts 1st quarter loss, higher revenue
e Mila Kunis Ashton Kutcher Wedding Update: Macaulay Caulkin Jealous  ...
e 'The Voice': Battle Rounds Night 1 Recap
t Planet bigger than Earth in our solar system?
e ACM Awards 2014: Every Performance You May Have Missed — In GIFs!
e Pretty Little Liars Season 5: Where to Watch Live Stream Online Episode 6 'Run  ...
m India and 10 other Asian Countries Celebrate Being Certified Polio-Free
m Claire McCaskill prescribes Dr. Oz grilling
e 'Yo. Susan. Me. Baby' - Robert Downey Jr's unique baby news announcement
e North Korea threatens to 'mercilessly destroy' those associated with US film
t Apple loses patent-use bid in US$2b Samsung trial
t Samsung Galaxy K Zoom Camera-Centric Flagship Smartphone Tipped to Set  ...
b Candy Crush maker King scores $7.1 billion valuation in IPO
t Microsoft Unveils Skype's Upcoming Real-Time Speech Translation Feature
e Keeping Up with the Kardashian: Kim's wedding guests
t Microsoft to kill off Nokia X smartphones
t 8 things I hate about the Samsung Galaxy S5
t Scientists Find Evidence of Massive Water Reserve Near Earth's Center
b San Diego County gasoline price rises
t Google's April Fools joke: 'Pokémon Challenge' (VIDEO)
e Matt Reeves interview: Dawn, Andy Serkis and blockbuster filmmaking
e Rupert Grint to Make Broadway Debut in 'It's Only a Play'
e Fleetwood Mac Touring With Both McVies
e Neil Young debuts new service PonoMusic at South By Southwest, brings in $2  ...
t End of Microsoft Windows XP support Tuesday spells trouble
e The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back  ...
b Stocks drift after Google, IBM earnings disappoint
e Big Brother recap: Caltoru
t Face of a Republican: Fight to keep the Internet neutral
e Box Office: 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' storms past 'Godzilla' for no. 1
t 45 years ago, Apollo 11 blasted off into space
t Facebook buys virtual-reality goggles maker
e “The Bachelor” – Farmer Chris Soules Will Steal the Spotlight
b Botox maker Allergan draws bid from Valeant
e Glee stars remember Cory Monteith on death anniversary
b More recalls for General Motors
t Facebook Pitching News Via FB Newswire
e Idina Menzel Benefits from John Travolta's Flub, They're 'Buddies Now'
e Oh, Romeo, Romeo ...
e 'Father of the Bride 3' Is Coming & You'll Never Guess Who's Getting Married!
t Google hit by 70000 'forgotten' claims
e Community Canceled But Season 6 Still Possible with Shift to Another Network
e Sleeker, smarter, more exhilarating 'If/Then' musical hits Broadway
t Apple-IBM partnership to develop business apps
b IRS phone scam huge, growing
t What to Expect at Google I/O 2014
t Internet security lapse "Heartbleed Bug" exposes millions of passwords, credit  ...
b APNewsBreak: Obama actions test workplace ideas
e Clint Eastwood's 'Jersey Boys' Releases Trailer And Poster
t Xbox One arrives in China in September for $599
e In Internet TV case, justices show concern - CBS 3 Springfield - WSHM
t Gender Non-Conforming Teen Forced To Remove Makeup For Driver's License  ...
m Docs will need to enroll in Medicare if they want to prescribe Part D drugs
e Ariana Grande Victim of Naked Pics Prank
t BGR gives the world an exclusive first look at the unannounced smartphone  ...
t A crazy idea for helping Comcast keep customers: Provide good service
b Time Warner win would make Murdoch US media king
e 'Fantastic Four' Star Michael Chiklis Cast on 'American Horror Story' Season 4
e James Franco Slams Lindsay Lohan, Says He Never Had Sex With Her
e Cornelius Gurlitt Dies: Nazi-Era Art Dealer's Son Hoarded 1200 Works
m Secret to slowing brain aging? Learn two languages
t Deputies out looking for drunk boaters, jet skiers
t China regulator in anti-monopoly probe of Microsoft
b 1 million Georgians hitting the road for Memorial Day
e True Tori Premiere: Dean McDermott Has Been "Lying His Whole Life," Therapist  ...
e Godzilla Director Gareth Edwards To Take on a Star Wars Spinoff, Due  ...
b McDonald's CEO responds to protests
m Oscar Pistorius's mental health was 'fine' when he shot Reeva Steenkamp
t Oyster Brings Subscription Service to Android
t Starbucks Starts Rolling Out Wireless Charging Nationwide; Probably Doesn't  ...
m Relay for Life honors loved ones, celebrates survivors
e Katt Williams allegedly threatens cameraman with gun near Comedy Store  ...
m Milwaukee alderman wants new policy on sex offender placements
b US new home sales tick up in April, but momentum 'lacking'
e Lady Gaga resurrects Michael Jackson in bizarre new video
e Corned beef and cabbage is all in timing: Perfect St. Patrick's Day 2014 feast
t 10 Things Likely to Happen at the Google I/O Conference
e Christine McVie to head out on tour with Fleetwood Mac
m West Nile Virus Discovered In Dubois County
e Mike Tyson Claims Jamie Foxx Is In Talks To Play Him In Biopic
b Postal Workers Preparing To Protest Against Staples' New In-Store Mailing  ...
b Student debt 'help' often predatory, officials say
b Supreme Court decision on EPA is a mixed bag
e Beyonce Shows Solidarity With Solange, As 'SNL' Mocks Elevator Fight Video
e Jennifer Lawrence, Emma Watson, Charlize Theron Hit Christian Dior Fall 2014  ...
m Deadly skin cancer growing faster than any other type of cancer in Canada
e Michelle Obama opens new Met costume centre
e As I Lay Dying's Timothy Lambesis Sentenced To 6 Years In Prison For Murder  ...
e 'Dancing With the Stars' Recap: Meryl Davis & Maks' Secret Is SO Obvious
t Dmitry Lovetsky/AP
b With IPO ahead, will Jessica Alba's The Honest Co. be a Hollywood success story?
e Harry Potter Returns As An Adult In New JK Rowling Short Story
t Nintendo Patents Button-Customizable Handheld
m Sugary drink bill fails to move foward
b Stocks end mixed after pops and drops
e Be in 'Star Wars 7': JJ Abrams offers fans chance of a lifetime
e Worldwide box office: 'Transformers 4' crushes competition
m 'World-renowned researchers' attending Melbourne AIDS conference on  ...
e Movie Review: '22 Jump Street' With Channing Tatum and Jonah Hill
t HTC hopes the new HTC One is the chosen one
m Mers: Saudi issues more warnings on handling camels
e Jay Z and Beyonce's mini movie Run is the video they want you to be watching
e Amazon Prime hits a home run with Eastbound & Down, other HBO shows
t Swatch Objects to Authorities on Apple's Use of IWatch Label
t Walmart slashes prices on iPhones
b Candy Crush maker prices IPO at $22.50 per share
e Sherlock season 4 to be Christmas special reveals Martin Freeman as filming is  ...
b Alibaba invests $249M in Singapore's postal service (ABABA)
e Did Kendall Jenner Show Way Too Much Skin At The Much Music Video Awards?
e The writer in his labyrinth: Mixed feelings for Garcia Marquez in Colombian  ...
b Eurozone inflation falls to 0.5%, adds pressure on central bank to act
b Asian stocks tumble on Wall Street gloom, Ukraine tensions
e Entertainer Rolf Harris found guilty of sexual assaults
b Pound to US Dollar (GBP/USD) Recovers Losses after Surprisingly Dovish FOMC
m UPDATED: Senate Vet Affairs Comm OKs Hearing on PHX VA
b Nearly 3 months later, Malaysia releases raw satellite data on missing jet
t Tesla's $35K Model 3 Targets BMW 3 Series
e 'Mad Men' season 7 episode 2 recap: 'A Day's Work'
e Guardians Of The Galaxy | 4.5/5
b Comcast-Time Warner Deal Being Probed by Multiple States (2)
t Can Twitter hold onto the solid growth in users?
b Iowa unemployment rate edges up in February
b Russia vs. Apple Inc.: How To Monitor The Battle
b Alibaba files to go public in the U.S.
b PF Chang's Confirms Data Breach; Now Comes the Hard Part
e Jill Abramson speaks at Wake Forest following New York Times firing, will keep  ...
b Alstom should be a good investment for France – CEO Kron
m Liberian schools close amid Ebola
m Legalized Weed Likely Won't Increase Crime, New Study Says
b Fed Continues To Taper, Rates Remain The Same
t Safaricom partners with Samsung for S5 launch
t Why is Apple buying Beats? (Is Apple really buying Beats?)
b Commentary: Delaying Social Security could increase lifetime income for Elkoans
b Oracle Gains: What Wall Street's Thinking
e The Final Look: Captain America 2 in Theaters FRIDAY!
e Neighbors Review
b Fed dissenter says central bank should have lowered unemployment target to  ...
b 2013 Tax Deadline Extension Information
m Farewell Four Loko, We'll Remember That Time You Almost Killed Us Fondly
b Paul Krugman On Thomas Piketty's 'Capital In The 21st Century'
e Kate Winslet on 'Ellen': Babies, earthquakes and the Hollywood Walk of Fame
e Madeline Mulqueen - 'Transformers: Age Of Extinction' New York Premiere
t Tablet showdown: The Samsung Galaxy Tab S versus the iPad
b Burger King launches the first 'gay Whopper'
b US stock futures rise Monday after retail sales increase
t Fewer Than 25% Of Android Phones Will Work With Google's New Smartwatches
e Reese Witherspoon has a few issues pronouncing Cara Delevingne's name in  ...
b Insurance Execs: Obamacare Website Still Not Fixed
m Researchers Find Why Girls Babies Have Better Chances of Survival
e Shia LaBeouf Has Reportedly Checked Himself Into Rehab
b Rolls Royce To Buy Back GBP1 Bln Shares After Sale Of Energy Business, Stock  ...
e Miley Cyrus' Maserati is recovered after burglary last week: LAPD
e 'How I Met Your Mother' ends with a twist
b European shares hit three week low after US tech sell offs
e Happy Father's Day, Prince William in chocolate, Kate Middleton in nude
t Apple and Google settle Motorola patent dispute
t Samsung Takes On Apple And Microsoft In latest TV advert
t Your iPhone is About to Get Buzzed at Starbucks with Powermat Stations
b Inflation rises to 1.8% for April
m Amy Van Dyken-Rouen tweeting, sitting up, recovering at Scottsdale Hospital  ...
t Apple May Be Coming to The Nearest Cable Box Near You
e Prince prepares new album, 'Purple Rain' reissue with Warner Bros. pact
t First total lunar eclipse to show tomorrow
t iPod Touch Gets New Colors, Cheaper Price
b Advaxis to be Added to Russell Microcap Index
e [PHOTOS] Zac Efron Shares Kiss With Michelle Rodriguez On Italian Vacation  ...
b Wall St ends lower in broad selloff; retail stocks weigh
b Euro Slides on Germany as Spain Bonds Rise With Metals
b BNP Paribas pleads guilty to US sanctions violations
b Tech sector losses break S&P's streak
m National "Kick Butts Day" Targets Teens And Smoking
t Adobe Voice lets iPad users quickly create slideshow-based video stories
e Paul McCartney to make full recovery from virus in Tokyo
t Report: iWatch to Launch With New iPhone in September
e Kim Kardashian & Kanye West to Secretly Wed This Week?
e Ice Cube warms to cranky roles
e Kim Kardashian 'goes into "extreme dieting mode" to lose extra pounds before  ...
e Deleted Amazing Spider-Man 2 Credits Scene Revealed
m Senators Scold Dr. Oz's Support for Miracle Weight Loss Pills
t Facebook Introduces Opt-In "Nearby Friends" Feature
e BRIEF: 3 armed men rob Scotty McCreery, friends at his apartment
b Twitter hits 255 million monthly active users, reports mobile growth
m Mental health funding changes in NHS will put lives at risk, say charities
e Kim Kardashian Chows Down, Eats Ice Cream, Pasta Before Wedding
e Video: Reese Witherspoon asks Cara Delevingne how to say her name in elevator
e Paul McCartney Hospitalized
b Disney to buy YouTube video producer Maker Studios
e ABC 'The Bachelor' 2014 Spoilers, Who Does Juan Pablo Pick?: Rumors Say  ...
e Blue Ivy: Watch Her Adorable Dance To…
e Ellie Goulding in sexy topless sideboob shot!
t What's your question for Microsoft's Satya Nadella?
m Many Young Parents Believe E-Cigarettes Are Safer Than Tobacco
m Dr. Oz gets scolded at hearing about weight loss scams
b GameStop Corp. (GME) Tops Q1 EPS by 2c; Issues Q2 EPS, Comps Outlook
t Intralinks buys secure document firm DocTrackr for $10m
t The World in Pictures
b Inflation to stay 'significantly' below ECB target through 2015, says Nowotny
t News Snatch Titanfall Special: Release Times, Resolutions And Rankings
e Kanye West And Kim Kardashian Shafted Hotel On Irish Honeymoon
e American Idol's Top 9 Sings with the Band
t Why Science Has Produced the Most Spiritual Idea in History
e Megan Fox Buys $3.5M Home, Says Being A Working Mom is 'Torture'
b Swank Capital and Cushing?? Asset Management Announce Rebalancing of  ...
b Amazon.com Inc.'s share price down, reveals it is “not optimistic” for the Hachette  ...
t What is climate change doing to our mental health?
b Business Highlights
m Baby Gate Danger
b Global warming to disrupt US economy by mid-century, report finds
t iPhone 6 demand looks strong as consumers want larger screen
t The state of cybersecurity: Attacks are on the rise in the cloud and threats are  ...
b Alibaba's Investment Entry Into Messaging App Tango
m Babies with Down syndrome could help delay the onset of Alzheimer's disease
m Cooking at home? You may be among 3 billion people in danger to get sick or die
b Banks boost Europe as shares start second half brightly
m West Nile virus detected in Stanislaus County
e Planes, porn and racism: travel's biggest Twitter fails
e Archie Andrews, star of Archie Comics, slated to die in pages of comic book
m Drug company refuses to give lifesaving medication to 7-year-old boy
e Beyonce Wins Vanguard Award: Jay Z & Blue Ivy Kiss Singer During VMA's  ...
b Tesla's First Gigafactory Site Will Break Ground Next Month
b 2013 Tax Deadline Ends- Relief and Resolve!
t Mandela Day street art
m Baby gorilla battling pneumonia
t Facebook Faces FTC Complaint over Mood Experiment
t Welcome to your preview of The Times
m For Men, HIV May Increase the Risk of Heart Attacks
e Batmobile loses wheel, Batman: Arkham Knight slips to 2015
e Watch: You Need To Visit The World's Tallest Water Slide In Kansas City
e Pharrell Williams' “Happy” Ushers in International Day of Happiness
t Iran: WhatsApp Banned Because Zuckerberg Is an 'American Zionist'
e Miley Cyrus Choreographs Funny Dance Routine with Sister Noah; Decides to  ...
t Despite Loss, BlackBerry Has Some Hope for Future
b Nook To Go It Alone
e How 'Spider-Man 2' goes wrong with Gwen Stacy (SPOILERS!)
t Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) is offering all of its patents for good faith use
m Another medical use for cannabis as scientists find it helps reduce seizures in  ...
b Japan: BoJ in wait-and-see mode
t U.S. scientists create first living organism with artificial DNA
t Google Buys Songza
t Tesla to Gain from China Tax Waiver - Analyst Blog
t Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Spending $1 Bln for Twitch Acquisition
b Unilever: underlying sales up 6.6 per cent in first quarter; reported sales fall on  ...
b Iraq Strife Puts Tension on the Tape
e 'Mad Men' Season 7, Episode 6 Recap: Peggy Does It Sinatra's Way
e Rihanna Talks That Talk in Charlie Sheen Twitter Feud
b Pot vending machines unveiled in Colorado
t Marquez dominates Texas MotoGP practice
m Fast-acting, inhaled insulin Afrezza gets FDA nod
b Bulgaria's bank crisis eases after Europe approves credit line
t Apple's CEO thinks different from Jobs
b E-book buyers get settlement credits this week
t Weckler on Technology: Surface Pro excels but tablet tag lets it down
e Author who made up Holocaust memoir told to repay $28.1 million
e 'Noah' journeys to top of box office with $43.7M
b BoE picks senior IMF official in management shake-up
m Medtronic Valve Cuts Deaths Compared to Open-Heart Surgery (1)
b A fresh start: John Kerry arrives in India to reboot ties with Prime Minister  ...
e Eva Green Switches From Pants to Gown for 'The Salvation' Cannes Events!
e Beyonce and Jay-Z in Crisis Mode Over Solange Lift Attack Video
e Cinco de Mayo lime shortage blamed on drug cartels
t Twitter adds photo tagging in tweets – plus share up to four photos per tweet
t How Much Would You Pay to Watch a YouTube Video?
e Justin Bieber Makes Plea Deal in DUI Case
e Wu-Tang Clan-Linked Rapper Andre Johnson 'Cuts Off Penis Before Suicide  ...
b GM recalls another 2.6 mln vehicles, doubles 2nd-quarter charge
b Hundreds line up for health care sign-up help
e Report: Upcoming 'Bachelorette' contestant dies in paragliding accident
b Report: China's economy could overtake US for No. 1 by year's end
e Bold rats romp in broad daylight on grass of elegant Louvre Garden in Paris  ...
b New Home Sales in US Fall
e 50 Shades of Grey shot from the back Focus Features
b Reports: PG&E Pleads Not Guilty To Federal Charges From San Bruno Pipeline  ...
t Key Internet agency leaving fed control
e Paul Walker dead: Fast & Furious star wins posthumous prize with Vin Diesel at  ...
e Nicole Kidman leaves little to the imagination in eye-popping gown at Celebrate  ...
e Townsend lived life of Adrian Mole
b Emirates finalises order for 150 Boeing planes worth US$56b
b Tiffany 1st-quarter net income jumps 50 per cent on strong global sales and  ...
e Monet's 'Water Lilies' auctioned in NY for $27M - WNEM TV 5
t NASA launches carbon mission to watch Earth breathe
e Steve Perry Performs Live After 20-Year Hiatus
e Taylor Swift Cancels Thailand Concert Following Military Coup
b EU Outlines Plans to Wean Itself Off Russian Gas
b IAB: Online Ad Revenue Overtakes TV For First Time
b Deadline Monday for health plan
e Johnny Weir Calls Marriage to Victor Voronov "Threatening": "Friends Have  ...
t Dropbox brings Mailbox to Android, launches Carousel media manager for  ...
t Virgin Galactic Moves Closer To Launching Tourists Into Space
t Amazon To Reveal '3D Smartphone' Today
b Snapchat Reportedly Valued At $10 Billion
m Autism Occurs in Womb Long Before Birth
e Bob Boilen On World Cafe
e Weaver reprises 'Alien' role in new game
e Amazing Spider-Man 2 post credit scene to feature a surprise appearance
b Stocks end Friday slightly up
b U.S. airlines signal solid demand ahead of earnings
b Claims for unemployment benefits climb
m FDA Proposes Overhaul of Nutrition Facts Labeling - Food and Drug  ...
e It's Confirmed! Johnny Depp on Amber Heard Engagement
t SpaceX delays delivery launch to International Space Station
t Hubble telescope image took 10 years to capture and shows more than 10000  ...
e Seth Rogen: I Hope North Korea Despot Kim Jong-un Enjoys Watching Me Try to  ...
t Authorities arrest malware distributors
e 'Divergent' Eyes $55 Million After $22.8 Million First Day at Box Office
t Deal: Grab Samsung's Gear Fit on eBay for Just $184.99
t Twitter goes down for 'most users'
b Q & A on bitcoins
b Toxic tap water spurs panic bottled water buying in China city: Media
b Roller-coaster ride for Wall Street
e Hearing On Casey Kasem's Future Set For Today
e Kimye say 'no' to the wedding reports - couple have yet to get hitched
b AAA reports Independence Day Gas Prices likely to be Highest in Six Years
t Oculus Rift withdrawn from sale in China because of 'extreme reselling'
b Aluminum maker Alcoa posts $138 million profit in 2Q on strong products business
e VIDEO: Morgan Freeman Gives Sneak Peek, Talks New Film TRANSCENDENCE
b McDonald's Unhappy Image
e Teen raped on lawn at Keith Urban show, police say
b LinkedIn surpasses 300 million users, wants 3.3 billion
t Apple to pay $450m for price fixing
t Flappy Bird will return better than ever, creator vows
t Harley-Davidson electric motorcycle? It's in the works
e 'Draft Day' delivers NFL-sized hit
e Glasgow student Crystal Clarke lands role in new Star Wars film
e Andrew Garfield Wears Wig and Dress in Arcade Fire's 'We Exist' [NSFW VIDEO]
b BP warns that further Russia sanctions could hit profits because of stake in Rosneft
b Boeing beats the profit estimates
b Target's CEO just became cyber-crime's biggest corporate casualty
e Shirley, This Is The Dawn Of A New 'Mad Men'
t Bigger iPad seen in Q1 '15
e If Jesus Had a Wife, Would It Change the GOP War on Women?
b Talk of ECB easing boosts European shares
t GM Recalls Camaros for Switch Problem
t UN Report Highlights Impacts of Climate Change
b Smith & Wesson Holding Corp's "Buy" Rating Reaffirmed at Benchmark Co  ...
b Etihad to expand to 26 cities in India
t Microsoft Surface Pro 3 vs. Surface Pro 2
e Lindsay Lohan will star on London's West End in 'Speed-the-Plow'
e Justin Bieber Apologizes For Honoring Murderous Japanese War Criminals
t Google Glass now available without invitation
t U.S. Air Force says working hard to certify new rocket launcher
e Dancing with the Stars couples premiere Monday night
b Stocks futures edge lower on weak Chinese export data
t Which Windows 8 version is right for your small business?
e Viral Video: 'Weird Al' spoofs 'Happy' with his own 'Tacky'
b CORRECTED-Bank of England's Carney faces grilling over foreign exchange  ...
t Snowden speaks via video at South By Southwest festival
m Companies summoned in warehouse death
e Avicii Hospitalised Moments Before Miami Gig
t Google Glass eyewear on sale in UK
b Euro to New Zealand Dollar (EUR/NZD) Exchange Rate Falls as German Sales  ...
b BHP weighs divestment options
e Jay Z Supports Beyonce Backstage at MTV VMA's: The Couple Dispels Divorce  ...
t Amateur Radio Field Day offers preparation and fun
t 'Halo 5: Guardians' & 'Halo' TV show coming in 2015
t Google's May Launch 'Android TV' – Its Second Attempt to Revolutionize the  ...
e Vogue's not-so-funny April Fool's joke
b British inflation slows again to 1.5%: Official data
e Sherlock Season 4: Three Episodes, One Special, Big Mysteries
e Aereo Case Too Close To Call
e 21 books that should be turned into movies
t Verizon set to launch improved mobile data as XLTE
t Gas prices fall about 5 cents
e Elisabeth Hasselbeck slams Rosie O'Donnell's return to 'The View'
t Google Wallet gets gift card support
t Is Beats a mistake for Apple? No diggity!
b Tyson profit misses, shares fall 9 pct on growth jitters
t GTA 5 release date for PC, Xbox One, PS4 on Nov. 14
t How octopuses don't tie themselves into knots
t China Mobile iPhone Sales Seen Creating An Apple Holding Pattern In Q2
t Apple Launches New 16GB iPod Touch for $199
b Can Anyone Compete with Amazon?
t It's Ignition Switch Problem Again, Chrysler Recalls 700000 Cars
b Wall Street climbs to record after manufacturing data
b West to help Ukraine with $18 billion bailout
e Coachella 2014: Ones to Watch
e 'Young Jeezy' arrested
b Financial Times: Bulgaria couldn't be better, thanks for asking
b Obama's abuse of power endangers the nation's health
t Global greenhouse gas reduction efforts not enough, IPCC says
e Port Hope residents recall funny, kind-hearted Farley Mowat
t Google faces censorship accusations as it deals with 50000 EU requests to be  ...
e Revolution Cancelled by NBC
t Facebook added 'research' clause to user agreement 4 months after  ...
t UPDATE 2-Ray-Ban maker Luxottica clinches Google Glass deal
b GMOs are a key tool to addressing global hunger
e How Does the Justice System Work in Game of Thrones?
e Review: 'The Other Woman' 1/2
t Facebook To Make It Possible To Chat&Pay In The Same App (Whether You  ...
e Demi Lovato Covers Seventeen, Talks Letting Go Of Bad Friends
b AT&T Buying DirecTV for $48.5B (T)
e 'Fifty Shades of Grey' trailer becomes most viewed of 2014 less than a week after  ...
e This Teen Does Michael Jackson Better Than Michael Jackson
t STUMPTALK: The mind of the climate hypochondriac
e Katie Holmes goes topless, discusses motherhood with 'Glamour' magazine
t Octopus Broods Eggs For Record 4.5 Years
b BMW to invest $1B in Mexico plant
e Vogue Says it Has "No Plans'' to Work with Terry Richardson After Sex  ...
e Kids Have Spoken: Selena Gomez is Their Favourite Female Singer
e Co-Workers Mourn School Counselor Killed in Shooting at "Shield" Actor's Home
e Daniel Radcliffe doubts new Harry Potter adaptation
t BMW and Tesla Got Together to Talk Electric Cars
e TODAY'S MUST SEE: Gov. Christie and Jimmy Fallon 'Dad dancing'
b Fla. unemployment rate drops to 6.1 percent
t Latest Google Glass Update Brings Android KitKat; Photo Replies in Hangouts  ...
b Business Highlights
m Obesity Problem Now Troubles All Nations across the World
b Stocks finish mostly higher after a weak start
m Beezin': Newest teen fad?
t Virgin Launches 'Custom' Service Plans
e John Rhys-Davies, Tyler Jacob Moore join Once Upon A Time's Frozen
t The Late Steve Jobs Has No New Insights into Rumored Apple Television
b Search for Malaysian plane moves northeast; objects seen but not confirmed as  ...
e Orphan Black Recap: Season 2, Episode 6, "To Hound Nature in Her Wanderings"
b Ericsson's profit surges in Q2, as vendor points to stronger second half
t SoftBank Has New Idea for Better US Connectivity: Improve Wireless Broadband
e Dior Takes Brooklyn, Brings Rihanna With It
b ECB head Draghi has all but promised action at Thursday's meeting
m Afrezza gets FDA approval to improve glycemic control in adults with diabetes  ...
e Zendaya to Play Aaliyah in Biopic
e 'Veronica Mars' Finds New Life on the Big Screen
b Turkish opposition criticises ban on Twitter
e Moises Arias: Will And Jada Smith Defend 20-Year-Old Photographed Shirtless  ...
t Apple Rising on Deal with IBM for iPhone, iPad Business Apps
m Bionic pancreas shows promise in trials
t Nokia will officially join Microsoft this Friday
b Valeant profit climbs as emerging Europe rebounds
m Autism Rate Has Increased -- 1 In 68 Kids Now Identified With The Disorder
t BlackBerry adds BBM encryption to shore up enterprise support
e Police: Miley Cyrus fan sneaked into her Omaha dressing room
b Crimea fears hit Global equity markets, gold price slips on rate views
m New study reveals that chocolate is good for the heart
b China manufacturing output remains weak in March
t Hopping on the climate bandwagon? China says it, too, may cap emissions
b Oil rises on bright data; gold dips on easing Ukraine fears
m Stinking study says nose can smell a trillion odors
t Amazon Appstore Offers 30 Paid Apps for Free
t UN says the world needs cap-and-trade, carbon taxes
e Justin Bieber Claimed Foot Fracture Reason For Shaky Sobriety Test After DUI  ...
m Breast cancer survivors face second battle: Long-term unemployment
e Christine McVie to join Fleetwood Mac for reunion tour
b European Stocks Seen Subdued Ahead Of US Data, ECB Meeting
e Glitches spoil 'True Detective' finale online
b Report: Apple on verge of buying Beats for USD 3.2 billion
e Watch New Doctor Who Series 8 Teaser Here
e Murphy directs his cast to greatness in this timeless classic
b Citigroup £680m investor settlement
e Kim Kardashian steps out in tiny white bikini during second honeymoon in Mexico
e New Full Trailer For X-Men Days Of Future Past
e New photo of Prince George shows relaxed family setting
m Fontana's Relay For Life has raised more than $1 million for American Cancer  ...
b GMO Critics Protest Monsanto Headquarters
b Wal-Mart expands video game trade-ins to stores
e James Gunn director responds to Edgar Wright's split from Marvel Studios
e In a Rebuilding Year, The Amazing Spider-Man 2 Feels Familiar
e Weird Al Yankovic Promotes Aluminum Foil in 'Royals' Parody 'Foil'
e Jennifer Love Hewitt on Baby & New Husband: I Just Feel Really Lucky!
t Top ten new species of 2014 - from tree-dwelling carnivores to translucent shrimp
e Sherri Shepherd and husband Lamar Sally are splitting up
e Culture Shock: Suicide, sorrow and the urge to explain the inexplicable
m You Might Be Surprised What Counts As "Heavy Drinking" for Women
m California lawmakers reject sugary drink warnings - KWWL - Eastern Iowa  ...
e Bang Bang Music Video Premieres After Ariana Grande, Nicki Minaj, Jessie J  ...
b Wal-Mart makes gains in cutthroat grocery sector
e Jonah Hill praises '22 Jump Street' co-star Jillian Bell
b Fed survey shows U.S. economy expanding in all regions of the country
m Blood test predicts Alzheimers disease - KCTV5
t NEWS WRAP: Rumours of a new e-book subscription service from Amazon
b 7 Target Board Members In ISS' Crosshairs Over Data Breach
t UAE to create space agency
m Binge Watching Your Favorite TV Shows Could Be Killing You! Darn It, Science!
t Sad status update? Facebook reveals it's been manipulating our emotions
e Is 'Mad Men' Planning a 'Sopranos' Style Ending?
e The Mr. and Mrs. Carter show: Beyoncé, Jay Z talking about world tour
b Proposal would stop door-to-door mail delivery for millions
e Harrison Ford injured on set of 'Star Wars'; airlifted to hospital
e Alcohol Powder Has Approval Revoked
b Cramer: Share boosting transformation underway
e 1000 Farmworkers attend preview of Cesar Chavez film
m New Hope for Diabetics; Bionic Pancreas Passes Trial
t Many pathways to substantial emissions reductions available
t FCC to propose new rules in net neutrality, allow for some preferential treatment
t From crop failures to flooded runways, new climate report catalogs impacts  ...
e Jessica Alba reveals why she maintains strict no-nudity clause as she covers up  ...
t Home News World Seabed of new jet search zone mostly flat with 1...
b BOB RAY SANDERS: ACA working despite Obama haters' efforts
t Apple Slashes iMac, Mac Mini, Apple TV Prices in India
e Here Is Leonardo DiCaprio Dancing Like a Lunatic During MGMT's Set At  ...
b FTSE LIVE: Footsie falls after Yellen signals US rate hike in 2015
b Dollar store merger unlikely to affect customers in Maine
e Ben Affleck's 'Batman' Movie Now Has an Official Title
t Everything Apple Didn't Announce At WWDC
b Gold Rises As Investors Are Moving Away From Equities
e 'Bachelorette' Andi Dorfman, Josh Murray on Nick Viall's Letter: 'It's Reopening  ...
e The Best of YouTube
m Bullying scars remain, 40 years on - study
m Humans can distinguish over 1 trillion smells, study says
b WATCH: Geithner Goes Off Script with Jon Stewart
t Alfa Romeo Reportedly Preparing Seven New Models, will Ditch MiTo and  ...
e 'American Idol' Top 9 Performance Recap: Who Rose to the Occasion?
t Bigger batteries likely coming to the iPhone 6s, but there's a catch
e Nia Vardalos reunites with 'My Big Fat Greek Wedding' cast and crew for sequel
b RPT-Fitch Affirms Sanasa Development Bank at 'BB+(lka)'/Stable
e Fifteen of the best movies inspired by Jesus
b Target Asking Customers to Not Bring in Firearms
b 110 Arrested Outside McDonald's Headquarters
b Google, Costco and Facebook best employers: US poll
e Marvel Comics Shows Unworthy Thor
t iPhone 6 exclusive concept: Is this what Apple's next smartphone will look like?
t Gas prices down nationally but up in Michigan
m Report: 2.3 percent of Americans gay or bisexual
m First vital step in fertilization between sperm and egg discovered
t Everything about Titanfall is gigantic, but it left us wanting more
e Ex-TV host Joan Lunden says she has breast cancer
t Google Maps Offers New Time Capsule Street View Feature
t Samsung Cab Stunt Introduces Galaxy Tab S to New Yorkers
t Microsoft's Office for iPad Isn't a Big Deal
b BoE's Carney says UK economy not close to overheating
e Comedian John Pinette, 50, dies at Pennsylvinia hotel
m Samantha Harris Cancer News: Former 'Dancing With the Stars' Host Endures  ...
b Survey announces Google, Costco and Facebook as Best Employers
b Kingfisher returns £200m to shareholders
t Samsung, LG launch smartwatches on Google software
b IRS calling? Don't believe it
e Speed cause in crash that killed actor Paul Walker
t Telstra trials Google's wearable tech
b Crumbs Closes All Stores as Crumbnuts Fail to Revive Chain
b Not Biased? 'Big Three' Networks Silent on EPA Ruling
b Appeals court upholds Federal Reserve's 21-cent debit card swipe fee cap
t General Motors recalls 218000 Chevrolet Aveos; total vehicles recalled reaches  ...
b German private sector expands in June, points to robust Q2 growth: PMI
t First POST: Nerds Biting Back
e Get over Cleveland kidnapping joke: Rivers
b General Motors Waves Goodbye to Much of its Profit
t Office for iPad reaches 27M downloads in 6 weeks
b Small business needs health care relief
e The Kimye Wedding: Everything You Need To Know
t Google to Buy Songza in Music Service Play
t Space telescope spies a 'Mega-Earth'
e Shark Snuffing with the Sharknado 2 Cast!
t Elon Musk is changing the course of electric cars with the the Model 3
t Facebook Connectivity Lab works for connectivity using drones and satellites
m FDA approves injectable diabetes drug from Glaxo
m U of M facility first to implant bionic eye
m Iran's underage smoking crisis
e Man accusing gay X-Men director Bryan Singer of rape sues TV executives
t Apple Inc. (AAPL) in Talks to Acquire LCD Chipmaker Renesas SP Drivers
e Emma Stone to Star Opposite Joaquin Phoenix in Woody Allen's Next Movie
m Saudi Arabia sees first new MERS-free days for six weeks
e 'Homeland' actor James Rebhorn, 65, dies at NJ home
b France hits back at mooted US mega fine on BNP Paribas | Bangkok Post: news
b 10 things to know for Thursday
t The incredible disappearing HTC: what its SA strategy reveals about its global  ...
t Censorship claims as Google cuts some search results
e Op-Ed: Songs of joy for International Day of Happiness
e X-Men director wasn't in Hawaii when alleged sexual abuse of 17-year-old boy  ...
b Samsung Elec shifts focus to costs, cheaper phones as Q1 profit seen falling
b Ford's Mulally expected to stand down before year end to hand wheel to Fields
e George Clooney Writes Op-Ed On Daily Mail's Wedding Rumors: "It Should Be  ...
b Yahoo sees signs of growth in 'core'
e Pfister, Depp reunite for sci-fi 'Transcendence'
m Ohio teen died from overdose of caffeine
t T-Mobile announces Un-carrier 5.0, VoLTE and free data for streaming music
m Novartis Drug for Heart Failure fails to Seek Approval from FDA Panel
t Families in US crash that killed 2 girls sue GM
e Weekend Movie Guide: Transformers And Dinobots And Giant Paychecks, Oh My!
t Motorola unveils Android-powered Moto 360 smartwatch
t Why Xbox One's ambitious media strategy failed
t HTC One M8 to support 4G LTE in India
t Review: HTC One's interface sullies a great-looking phone
e Movie review: Rio 2 is too much of a good thing
b Wal-Mart seeks claim against Visa for alleged fixing of transaction fees
t Forget Galaxy S5, The S5 Activ Looks Headed To AT&T & Sprint
b BOJ's Sato doubts deflation is easing
e VIDEO --- House lawmakers: What's next after Bowe Bergdahl swap?
e Harrison Ford injured on the set of Star Wars
e Michael Keaton draws on superhero experience for Venice Film Festival opener  ...
b Telus announces leadership transition as Canfield retires
b La Quinta Books Subpar Debut on NYSE
t Mystery solved: Why octopus tentacles do not stick to each other
b How Obamacare screwed up first-quarter US growth estimates
m #YesAllWomen Includes Mothers of Children with Mental Illness
t Apple increases stock buyback, raises dividend
b 'Candy Crush' Developer King Raises $500 Million at IPO
b NAB lifts first half profit, dividend
m CDC says autism rates up 30 percent
e Teen cast of Earth to Echo keep it real in the Dave Green movie
t Peston: 'Why Google removed my blog post'
t EBay cyberattack hit 'large part' of 145 million users
e Casey Kasem: the dramatic events of his final months
t Microsoft 'working toward a fix' for Xbox Live service woes [update]
t How to protect yourself against Gameover Zeus and other botnets
e Rob Kardashian Reaches Out To Scott But Still No Apology For Kim
t Google honours Rubik's Cube on 40th birthday
e Celebrity Feature David & Victoria Beckham: A look back at their whirlwind love  ...
m UNICEF swiftly responds to Ebola outbreak in Guinea
b Global Growth Worries May Pressure Stocks
t T-Mobile wants to give you an iPhone, so what's the catch?
t 'I saw the Constitution was being violated:' Snowden swings at NSA during  ...
b IPO Preview: Weibo
e Amazon Obtains Streaming Rights to Classic HBO Series
e New York taking a larger bite out of Hollywood productions
e Miley Cyrus - Miley Cyrus Too Sick To Sing, Cancels Monday Night Show
t T-Mo Nokia Lumia 635 pricing and staggered launch announced, available from  ...
b KR, VITC: Vitacost Shares Soar on Kroger Deal
e 'Orphan Black': Jordan Gavaris talks Felix and his lack of pants
e This is How the Kardashians Do Easter - And Yes, It's Fabulous
e What's with the bunny and the eggs? Easter traditions explained
m Pacific Organic Produce Recalls Mangos That Could Contain Listeria
t Watch Dogs – First Impressions
e Amazon Console to be Announced on Wednesday?
b Florida borrowers to collect $40M from SunTrust mortgage abuse settlement
t FB Newswire launched
e Cannes Red Carpet: 'The Expendables 3'
t GoPro's Fetch makes it easy for dogs to take footage
m White House Begins New Push For Medicaid Expansion
m Fist-bumps are better than handshakes and high-fives, say scientists
t iOS 8 Brings More Functionality and Dev Tools to iPhones and iPads
e Miley Cyrus: 'Health crisis not a drug overdose'
b U.K. unemployment falls below BoE threshold
e Colbert vs. Fallon vs. Kimmel: How Many Times Have Your Late-Night Hosts  ...
b Banks Said to Be Arranging Argentine Debt Buyer Group
m Report: Married folks have fewer heart problems
b ACA site stumbles on last day
b Asiana airline flight 214 plane crash caused by pilot "misconceptions"
t Nasa tests 'flying saucer' for Mars
t Tablet sales to overtake traditional computer?
e You're Not the “Bossy” of Me: Sheryl Sandberg Seeks to Ban Word Aimed to  ...
t Cool, very dim star thought to be hiding enormous diamond
t Astronomers announce Big Bang breakthrough
e It's Official - The Star Wars Expanded Universe Is Being Rebooted
b Bitcoin faces biggest threat yet: a miner takeover
b Markets Yawn After Fed Statement
e Donnie Walberg to executive produce 'Rock the Boat,' a new reality show  ...
e Donnie Wahlberg Takes Jenny McCarthy On Vacation Following 'View' Ouster
b WWE 2014 Money In The Bank: Results And Recap For Every Match On The Card
b BNP to suspend some US dollar-clearing for one year: NY regulator
b Dollar steadies before Yellen and ADP data, sterling shines
t Should you upgrade from your Samsung Galaxy S3 or S4 to the new Galaxy S5?
e Avril Lavigne's New 'Hello Kitty' Video Gets Slammed
e BENZINO SHOOTING INCIDENT SUSPECT IS NOW IN POLICE CUSTODY  ...
e Exclusive Video Interview With Arnold Schwarzenegger And Joe Manganiello  ...
b Normal service resuming after derailment
e SiriusXM Fires Anthony Cumia, Host Of 'Opie & Anthony,' Over Tweets
e Nobel Prize winning South African author Nadine Gordimer dies
t Google to Acquire Twitch for More Than $1 Billion
m Bionic Pancreas: Artificial Pancreas Gives Patients Power To Control Type 1  ...
e Bryan Cranston Makes Stage Door Prom Proposal For A Special Fan At ALL  ...
b The Big Banana merger might be more about melons, pineapples and Irish taxes  ...
b GM recalling Camaros for ignition switch problem
t NASA Discovers Frozen World In Binary Star System
e Justin Bieber Instagram and Twitter Post Update: Singer Apologizes to China  ...
m 'E-cigarettes cause nicotine addiction'
t Samsung could launch metal Galaxy Alpha in August
b Things are looking up for Citigroup
t Ad of the Day: Apple Uses Pixies' 'Gigantic' in Infectious iPhone Spot
t Coming soon: Business-specific Android software
b Long Island locations of Men's Wearhouse and Jos. A. Bank
e Chris Evans Plans to Quit Acting after Marvel Deal?
e Costner, sons play baseball at 'Field of Dreams' site
b The Walt Disney Company Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (DIS)
t Nexus 7 2013 Play Store Deal Offers Free Google Play Music Service
t Is Zuckerberg Nuts To Spend $2B on Oculus VR?
b Twitter Inc (TWTR) Q1 Earnings Preview
m Novel Colon Cancer Test is as Powerful as Colonoscopy for Detecting Cancer
b House Judiciary Takes Measured View of AT&T/DirecTV
e Ariana Grande Hosts 'Total Request Live', Debuts New Single "Break Free"
e Beyonce Covers Time Magazine's 100 Most Influential People 2014 Issue In Her  ...
t Woman or machine? Latest Japanese robots look eerily human
b China's yuan falls amid wide fluctuations, uncertainty remains
b Fyffes to merge with US rival
t Google Glass on sale next week
t Microsoft rumoured to be planning new round of job cuts
t Congress OKs Bill to Legalize Cell Phone Unlocking
e Huge numbers of Meath fans disappointed at cancelled gigs
b Mother's Day Activities & Dining
b Is the GMO Debate Advancing to a Higher Level?
e 'Game of Thrones' Sets Piracy World Record, But Does HBO Care?
e Arrow: The Man Under the Hood - New Fight Clip
m New WHO reporting method for Ebola reduces death toll in Sierra Leone
t Grow and deal weed on your iPhone: Weed Firm game tops iTunes charts
b What Morgan Stanley Has Done With Wall Street's 'Boring' Business Is Just  ...
b Health law may reduce tax refund
e Queen Forever | Unreleased Freddie Mercury Tracks
e Springsteen among those to fete Rock Hall class
t Chrome OS Soon To Get “Offline Mode” For Google Play Movies
e Does Dwayne Johnson Have The A-List Clout to Carry 'Hercules'?
e May 8: Missing Farley Mowat – and other letters to the editor
m Novartis to test Alzheimer's drugs on patients with genetic risk
e 'Mighty Morphin Power Rangers': Lionsgate preps big-screen return
e 1 dead in shooting that canceled Cinco de Mayo parade
b Asian stocks fall for second day on China housing slowdown
t Facebook buys Oculus Rift for $2bn
t Is This the Real Reason That Tesla Motors Is Sharing Its Patents With the World?
e Film company owners and producer charged with involuntary manslaughter in  ...
b Taco Bell ad features Sheboygan's real Ronald McDonald
b UK inflation sees biggest rise for almost two years
b Oil prices stable before weekend
b HP To Eliminate Up to 16000 More Positions
m Worst allergy season in early fall, not spring
b Chinese E-commerce giant Alibaba Group files for 1 bln USD IPO
b Dollar broadly weaker after Fed minutes
e Did Katherine Heigl Finally Admit She's Partly to Blame for Career Trouble?
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Killer Features and Performance Confirmed Through  ...
e OMG! Topless Cara Delevingne kisses Michelle Rodriguez in the sea on hot  ...
t Apple updates iPod touch and lowers the price
b New home construction declined in May
e 'Game of Thrones' Star Kit Harington: My Hair Has Its Own Contract
e Countdown to the 'Bachelor' finale: Juan Pablo reassures Nikki with a song  ...
b Hands On With Lightroom Mobile For The iPhone
t Gas prices drop in metro Savannah
e Mad Men Mondays: Alas, poor Ginsberg
t Apple and IBM partner to make iOS apps for the enterprise
b Euro zone manufacturing PMI rises in April from March level
t How much are we willing to adapt to climate change, and where are the limits?
t Business update: Visionary or looney? Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg on  ...
b Ackman and Valeant's Hunt For Botox Is About More Than Smooth Skin
b Star Wars: Episode VII director JJ Abrams is giving fans a shot at a cameo in…
t Google Maps Update Integrates Uber Car-Sharing
b Aviation industry marks 100 years of commercial flight
e Lana Del Rey Bests Sam Smith for Chart Dominance
m iPad, other devices may cause allergic rash
t Man serving life in prison pleads guilty to 1993 rape cases
b UPDATE 1-New York Times publisher denies sexism, calls Abramson bad  ...
t NASA Mars Rover Breaks Driving Record
b Bank of America books Q1 loss as legal costs mount
e 'Star Wars' Creator George Lucas Picks Chicago Site for His Museum
t Google Glass gets KitKat support, leaves out video calls
e Alohomora! Diagon Alley opens at Universal
e Rihanna Wows In Transparent Dress Adorned With 216000 Crystals
e 'Dancing with the Stars' adopting new elimination format for eighteenth season
t HTC One W8 Windows Phone will be launching on 19 August
t Microsoft to launch Xbox One in India in September 2014
e Live Stream Nicki Minaj And Ed Sheeran's Philly Jam Peformances
e Gwyneth Paltrow Chris Martin Divorce: Couple had Open Marriage & Cheated  ...
e UN urges action to ensure well-being of all on International Day of Happiness
t GM offers employee pricing to owners of recalled cars
b NEW YORK MOTOR SHOW: Toyota Australia's last Camry
b Bankruptcy judge denies American's summary request to change retiree benefits  ...
t From IPO To Rental Boyfriends: Everything You Need To Know About China's  ...
b Apple Inc. en route to buy Beats Electronics
t The last Google Nexus tablet could be the HTC 'Volantis'
m County Health Rankings released
t Here's everything you need to know about Gmail's massive redesign
e 'Scandal' Star in own Scandal: Alleged Bar Fight in West L.A. Leads to Charges
t What Is a Supermoon? First Supermoon of 2014 to Appear Saturday
e CELEB GOSS: Did Led Zeppelin rip off Stairway to Heaven?
t Google merges text, chat messages in Hangouts
m Estimate: 1 in 68 U.S. children diagnosed with autism
e Stacy Keibler to have kids 'as soon as possible'
b Japan overhauls public pension fund, the world's biggest
e 'Divergent' author Veronica Roth's 'baby' hits the big screen
b Iraq crisis: Diesel decontrol plan takes a hit
m Report Names Healthiest, Least Healthy California Counties
e CANNES WATCH: Hilary Swank's Versace stunner
e Kim and Kanye Reportedly Having Three Weddings!
b Economic growth bounces back
e In Aereo's Supreme Court case, what's really on trial is the cloud
e WATCH: Man becomes online sensation with 'All By Myself' music video in  ...
e Britney Spears' 'Alien' Without Autotune Leaks Online [LISTEN] Unedited Track  ...
t Samsung Galaxy S5 to cost $200 at AT&T; Gear devices start at $199
e Box office top 20: 'Apes' debuts with $72.6M
b PRESS DIGEST- British Business - May 12
e Selena Gomez is Looking for a New Manager!
t Hate First-Person Shooters? Even You Will Love Titanfall. Seriously.
b Dish Network and DirecTV Reportedly Considering Merger
e Pregnant Mila Kunis Craves Pickles, Won't Get an Epidural
e Jamie Foxx's “Can I Be Your Tennis Ball?” VS Drake's “Side Pieces!” Whose  ...
b Numsa strike inevitable as attitudes harden
e Alicia Keys "It's On Again" (ft. Kendrick Lamar) (prod. by Pharrell)
m Relay for Life team to hold breakfast fundraiser at Appelbee's
t iWatch Seemingly Confirmed by Apple Employees in Tim Cook Profile
t Almost 900000 Honda Odyssey Minivans Recalled Due To Fire Risk
t Money Made Easy: Five-minute guide to...
e 'Cupcake' Katy Perry portrait to grace the National Portrait Gallery
m World Ebola fears grow, Europe & Asia on alert
e Joan Rivers refuses to apologize to women held captive by Castro - WNEM TV 5
m Samsung Elec jumps over 4 pct on restructuring speculation
b Sycamore Looks to Buy Express
e Gwen Stefani joins The Voice since she isn't really doing anything else / Scrape  ...
t US Supreme Court rejects Google's wi-fi Street View appeal
b AT&T seeks to buy DirecTV for $50bn: report
t Release the Kraken? Wheeler Warns Cable to Play Nice on Broadband
b Why China failed in creating own brands
m Yawning is more contagious for the young, study says
t Android Wear build KMV78X rolling out to Samsung Gear Live
b Yahoo! Upgraded by Macquarie to "Outperform" (YHOO)
e Kanye buys Kim 10 Burger King restaurants as wedding present
t Starbucks Rolling Out Powermat Mobile Charging Nationally
b Insurers ponder 2015 prices as Obamacare enrollment deadline looms
m E-Cigarettes Better Than Smoking Tobacco Filled Cigarettes Recommended by  ...
t Why Microsoft CEO may come out swinging
e Aereo – Legal Piracy?
e Ben Affleck Is The Most Hated Man In America In New 'Gone Girl' Trailer
e double-breasted jacket
e 'Game of Thrones' draws highest HBO ratings since 'Sopranos'
b US may become major oil exporter despite restrictions
b A New Sign is Unveiled at 1000 Chrysler Drive, Detroit
m Paint the Town Purple
e Late Aaliyah: Movie Depicting Her Life, Death Coming Soon!
t Texas game wardens target intoxicated boaters June 27-29 for Operation Dry  ...
e FINALLY! Batman Vs Superman Movie Gets A Name, And We Love It
b Putin Tilts to Asia With $400 Billion China Gas Deal
e Bjork Retrospective Opening at MoMA Next Year
b US Auto Sales Top Expectations, Show Healthy Progress
t New study warns of climate change risks for Hispanic communities
b US safety board to rule on Asiana crash
m 4 new Mers deaths, 18 more infections in Saudi Arabia
b BRIEF: Charlotte home prices rise 6.9%
b Alcoa hits 52-week high following 2Q profit
e James Franco insists he hasn't had sex with Lindsay Lohan and says she lied  ...
e Kim Kardashian Goes Back to Blonde, Shares Picture of Super Light Hair: Picture
b Yum Brands (YUM) Showing Unusual Social Activity Today
e Watch this 11:35am ET
b Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac Not Profitable According To The CBO
t Apple Inc. and Samsung Electronics to renew smartphone and tablet patent battle
t Planet-hunting Kepler probe now has new mission
b Comment: Time to add to options positions ahead of inflation and the ECB?
e Paul Walker's Mother Files to Be Guardian of Late Actor's Daughter
e Paramount apologises, removes 9/11-kind poster of 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles'
m Large Hamburger E. coli Outbreaks Present and Past
t Facebook manipulated users...
t Aviation alert over Icelandic volcano lowered, restrictions lifted
e Who Is Going Home On American Idol 2014 Tonight?
e Today in the News: Harper Lee OK's e-book of 'To Kill a Mockingbird'
t The FCC is going to scrutinize Netflix's deals with Comcast, Verizon — and  ...
e The Rise of 'Guardians of the Galaxy''s Rocket Raccoon
e Beyoncé, Condoleezza Rice And Other Stars 'Ban Bossy'
t Facebook Launches Its Own Newswire
m No heartbeat? No problem! Surgeons to try suspending patients between life  ...
b Google could spend $30bn buying foreign companies so it doesn't have to pay tax
e 'Amazing Spider-Man 2' Spoiler: Emma Stone's Character Gwen Stacy to Die?
m 'You're the Reason' display honors cancer victims, survivors, supporters
e Ice Cube -- I 'Was Robbed' Comment Wasn't a Diss to Paul Walker
e Pitman Student Brett Nichols' Michael Jackson Video Hits No.1 on YouTube  ...
e This Weekend, Watch This
t Eta Aquarid Meteor Shower 2014: May 5-6 Viewing Peak Time, Live Stream
b Video: Police Arrest Pro-Democracy Protesters in Hong Kong
b Draghi: ECB willing to use unconventional measures against deflation Eds: epa  ...
t Small-screen spec showdown: Samsung Galaxy S5 mini vs. HTC One mini 2
b Bank of American to spend $9.33 billion in FHFA settlement
t Apple eyes Comcast streaming deal
e Sherri Shepherd confirms she's leaving The View
b Euro Climbs On ECB Mersch's Comments
e Rare 1-cent stamp sells for $9.5 million
b US New Home Sales Unexpectedly Plunge 14.5% In March
b Advocates Push For Change To State Tax Structure
e Sinead O'Connor's incredible makeover
t IPCC report: The three largest parties in the UK have consistently failed to  ...
e 'The Bachelorette' 2014: Does Andi Dorfman Really Get along with Josh  ...
e Dancing with the Stars 2014 Spoilers: Week 5 – Meryl Davis and Maks (VIDEO)
e Justin Bieber teases fans over new single
b Sterling falls against euro on UK data
e Lindsay Lohan's mom pleads guilty to DWI
e Harry Potter Author to Produce HBO Miniseries
e 'Game Of Thrones' Trailer: Fourth Season Preview Revealed (VIDEO)
e George Lucas memorabilia museum to be built in Chicago
t Adidas Instragram printed shoes? Sure, can it get any worse?
t Xiaomi to go global
t The Coldest White Dwarf Ever Discovered Is An Earth-Sized Diamond
b Chinese workers are staging a massive strike at a factory making Nike and  ...
b Botox maker gets $46 billion bid
e The Viral 'First Kiss' Video, The Story Behind It
e Stewart, Colbert joke about late-night move
t The 250 New Emojis Are Not What We Were Expecting
m Rise in obesity 'due to decline in exercise, not over-eating'
b GE net profit rises, helped by jet engine, oil equipment sales
b Zillow Buying Trulia to Build Real Estate Titan
e New Batmobile Photos Tease What Ben Affleck Will Be Driving In 'Batman VS  ...
b Sask. unemployment rate lowest in nearly 40 years
e 'Matthew McConaughey Has More Awards Coming!' Fans Go Crazy For True  ...
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4: big daddy phablet returns bigger and better
b Gas Prices Lower In Midwest States
b US home prices down in May, but consumer confidence strong
e Mrs. Obama to Appear on May Episode of 'Nashville'
b Amtrak cancels some morning service to and from Boston after train strikes  ...
e EASTER ACTIVITIES for all the family, Easter egg hunts and more
e Need To Know: 'The Fault In Our Stars' Premiere Was Dazzling
e Lindsay Lohan sues 'Grand Theft Auto' maker
m Uterine Morcellation Controversy Grows, as Bernstein Liebhard LLP Notes  ...
m Liberia: Two test positive for Ebola
t Nokia phone unit to be renamed Microsoft Mobile
e Justin Bieber Apologises for Use of N-Word In Racist Joke Video, Fans React
t Slight drop in Long Island gas prices
t Apple Confirms BookLamp Buy, Swell App Said to Be Next
t Microsoft's Layoffs Are Signs of Bigger Things to Come
b Japan's Feb current account returns black for 1st time in 5 months
e Kim, Kanye Getting Secretly Married This Week
e The First Photos From Jurassic World Have Arrived!
e 'American Idol' crowns winner of final battle between 23-year-old rocker and teen  ...
t PlayStation attacked for negligent services
t Comcast wireless plans could give Sprint a boost
t How Intel Plans to Dominate the Wearable Tech Revolution
e Adrian Mole author Sue Townsend dead
t New Google Maps Street View feature lets you travel back in time
b Alibaba to make IPO debut in US for $130bn valuation
e Beloved Canadian author Farley Mowat dead at 92
b Uninsured rates drop faster in states embracing Obamacare: Study
e Meet Kendall Jones, The Texan Cheerleader Whose Exotic Animal Hunts  ...
m US doctors use 3D printer to create splints to open toddler's airways
t Texas Tech Cheerleader -- I GOT DEATH THREAT ... From 'Real Housewives' Star
t Microsoft Plans to Close Nokia Devices and Services Deal This Week
b McDonald's offering free coffee amid breakfast war with Taco Bell
e Rapper will be replaced by Kanye West and Rudimental in London and  ...
e Disney reveals Star Wars timeline
t UPDATE 1-Multinational crew blasts off, arrives at space station
e Easter activities around the Hat
t Facebook to use drones and satellites to spread the Internet
m Ebola outbreak 'could top 20000'
b US consumer spending rises but is still soft
m Relative Risk: Breast Cancer and Genetics
e Chad Kroeger Gave Avril Lavigne A 17-Carat Diamond Ring For Their One Year  ...
t Google Glass to go on sale to the general public for one day only
m Ebola patients must be brought forward
e 'Noah' Review: Brilliantly Sinister Anti-Christian Filmmaking
b BC-BBA--American League Streaks
e Kim, Kanye kick off pre-wedding festivities
t NPD February 2014 Report: PS4 Ahead of Xbox One, Wii U Sales Increase
e Writer and TV presenter Peaches Geldof dies aged 25
e Khloe Kardashian and French Montana Hang Out Again, Fuel Dating Rumors
m Measles+off+to+a+fast+start%2C+as+cases+trend+up
e Couple Engaged on Stage at Paul McCartney Concert
b Who gets Fannie's and Freddie's profits?
b Conventional Home Loans and FHA Mortgage Rates: SunTrust Mortgage Rates  ...
e The Wachowskis' 'Jupiter Ascending' Delayed To 2015 – Starring Mila Kunis  ...
t Skylanders Trap Team preview: In-game characters can finally enter the real world
e 'Peanuts' Trailer: Charlie Brown and Snoopy Go 3D and CG
e Cannes Film Festival lineup unveiled
t Google's 'smart lens' project that measures blood glucose levels now closer to  ...
m 'Fist bump' may beat handshake for cleanliness
m Marijuana, the cash crop that may be headed for your state
t French telecom makes $15B offer for T-Mobile
m Cut your stroke risk by loading up on protein, analysis finds - NY Daily News
b Barclays Slapped With $44 Million Gold Price Fixing Fine
e 'Dancing with the Stars' week 4 preview: Probable switch-up pairings
e Donegal 'Happy' video reduces Pharrell Williams to tears on 'Oprah' show
t Google: Driverless cars master city streets
t Google+ adds page view counts to user profiles
e Kanye 'begging' for Kim invite
e Kanye West: I'm A Kardashian!
t Microsoft Looking to Bring Halo TV Series to Showtime
m Heartbroken Father Asks Reddit Users To Design Photos of Daughter Who  ...
t 'Heartbleed' virus may affect Obamacare web site
e Extra Scoop: Brittany Murphy's Last Film Finally Being Released
b Box files for IPO, looks to raise $250 million
m Mumps outbreak spreads Past Ohio State campus
t Google I/O 2014: Android Games Become Closer To Console Experience And  ...
t New direction with Office for iPad
b Ohio finds link between fracking and sudden burst of earthquakes
b Edmund C. Moy Writes About The Recent IRS Taxation of Bitcoin
b Dubai to build temperature-controlled pedestrian city
b BNP Paribas to plead guilty
t Tin solar cells more sustainable and cost efficient
e Selena Gomez Threw A Party, Cops Called: But It Looks TOTALLY Calm [Video]
e BREAKING: Mick Jagger's Girlfriend, Designer L'Wren Scott Found Dead After  ...
b US Airways and American Airlines Will Stop Flight Listings in Orbitz Website
e Kate Winslet named baby after house fire
e Shailene Woodley and Ansel Elgort Attend 'Fault in Our Stars' NYC Premiere
t SC DMV Tells 16-Year-Old To 'Take Off (His) Makeup'
t Graphene synthesis: Joining the dots
b EPA proposes 30 percent reduction in power plant carbon emissions
e American Idol: Did the Judges Use Their Save?
e Paul McCartney is in the hospital
m Obama to announce US sanctions on Russia
e Charlie Brown & Snoopy Go CGI For 'Peanuts' Movie; Watch The First Teaser
b Home News Greenpeace loses $5.2M on rogue employee trading
b Asiana Crew Put Too Much Faith in Auto-Pilot: NTSB
e Lou Lumenick
e Cannes 2014 review: Welcome to New York – Depardieu's grunting triumph  ...
e The Five Best Fitness Getaways of the Summer
t iPhone 6 rumors: Foxconn hiring 100.000 workers for iPhone production
b Good day for tech stocks; Nasdaq up 0.9%
b 2 more recalls push GM total to 4.8M in a month - KCTV5
e PHOTOS: See Jenny McCarthy's giant engagement ring
b Major confrontation in South China Sea, China Sinks Vietnamese Vessel
t HTC One (M8) videos teach you how to best use your new smartphone
e Richard Gere, Padma Lakshmi Secretly Dating Amidst His Divorce From Carey  ...
t US mayors unanimously back Net neutrality
t International Court of Justice Halts Japan's 'Scientific' Whaling in Antarctic Seas
b Brent oil near three-month low as supply fears decrease
m WHO certifies India, other SE Asia Region countries as polio free
t Heartbleed: What You Need to Know About the Security Fiasco in 3 Minutes or  ...
t Microsoft To Soon Bring Real-Time Speech Translation To Skype
e Kanye West rants for THIRD time at Wireless Birmingham but this one lasts just 5  ...
b Treichl wants to stay Erste CEO despite record loss
t Online dating site OkCupid urges users to boycott Firefox, protests Mozilla's new  ...
t Nokia Lumia 635 now available from Vodafone Ireland for €149.99
m Foster Farms salmonella outbreak continuing; 524 people infected
e Larry Wilmore of 'The Daily Show' to replace Stephen Colbert on Comedy Central
t How to Buy Google Glass Right Now
b Ackman accuses Herbalife of breaking laws in China
e Pharrell Williams, United Nations Team Up to Raise Funds For #HappyDay  ...
t Apple Buys Beats Audio For $3.2 Billion
m Experts say Pistorius wasn't mentally ill when he shot girlfriend
b BlackBerry announces $423 million Q4 loss
e VIDEO: Robin Thicke Talks New Album, Wooing Wife Paula on GMA
e Peaches Geldof, 25, concert organizer's daughter
t US gas prices rise slightly to $3.71 a gallon over jitters about Iraq oil production
e Danny Boyle 'in talks' to direct Steve Jobs movie
b China's Alibaba Files To Go Public In The U.S.
t This Is The Perfect Explanation Of How Tim Cook Has Taken Control Of Apple  ...
b Twitter's Dick Costolo sees India turning into key business market in five years
b BNP may face one-year ban on processing some dollar payments - sources
e Review - Days of Future Past: Strictly for X-Men fans
t Huge waves observed in formerly frozen Arctic region
m Report: 2 Ebola Patients to Receive Treatment in US
e Home Opinion Columns Empire of humanity or kingdom of God — which will...
t Reality Check: 44% of 974 million Twitter users have actually never tweeted
t What's Behind Apple's Possible Beats Buy?
b Holcim in talks with Lafarge about cement-maker merger
b LIST: Public Transit Systems with Big Ridership Gains
t Midday Roundup: Blood moon captivates stargazers
m Walnuts, hummus and dips recalled due to possible Listeria
b Why The Bearish Trend Will Continue For Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA)
t Extreme Waves Pose Threat to Sea Ice in Arctic Ocean
e Here's What Happens at a Kanye West, Kim Kardashian Cover Shoot
e The way of the cross: atonement
e 'Game of Thrones' Recap: Sansa's New Home
t 'ROOF OF THE WORLD'
m Top secret document shows WHO plans to classify e-cigarettes the same as  ...
t Tumblr's mobile apps finally get full-on customization tools
b RMG workers' bid to lay siege to BGMEA Bhaban foiled
e Just a Thought.......
e Wu-Tang affiliate chops off penis, learns it's hard to commit suicide from the  ...
t Who Deleted The Ex-CEO Of Merrill Lynch From Google?
t Apple unveils online file storage service
e Chris Brown trial in Washington delayed
e Miley Cyrus Has Been Hospitalized Due To An Allergic Reaction, Cancels  ...
t Microsoft stops patching Windows XP security bugs
e It's official! Check out that baby bump
e Paramount, Chinese company resolve 'Transformers' dispute
e Ming Dynasty 'chicken cup' sold for record $36M - NBC29 WVIR Charlottesville  ...
e MTV Movie Awards: Hunger Games Wins Big, a Tribute to Paul Walker, and a  ...
t Love gesture unmasks XSS vulnerability, Twitter's stale Web security
b VIX Creator 'Shocked,' 'Appalled' at Volatility ETFs, Backs a Competitor
m White House argues for Medicaid expansion
e Bobby womack influenced generations of musicians
e J.K. Rowling Just Released a New Post-Harry Potter Short Story From The POV  ...
b Opec facing dark clouds on supply horizon
t GM Issues 44th Recall Of 2014
m Low-carb vegan diet can reduce heart disease risk and help lose weight
e Is Mila Kunis pregnant with Ashton Kutcher's first child?
e Watch Rita Ora rip Zac Efron's shirt off for MTV Movie Award win
b US Supreme Court narrows rules on curbing greenhouse gases
m Share this on:
t Gas Prices in Maine Increase More Than 2 Cents
e Actor Mickey Rooney dies
e Kendall Jenner Dares To Bare In A Double-Split Dress
e Tila Tequila reveals she is pregnant
b Top 10 Best-Selling Cars: July 2014
e Ronnie Milsap, Hank Cochran & Mac Wiseman Are Newest Country Music Hall  ...
t HTC One (M8) review
t Living Materials Respond to the Environment and Communicate With Each Other
t After Comcast Pact, Netflix CEO Criticizes Broadband Policies
e Aaron Murray's brother won “The Bachelorette”!
b Toyota's Move to Texas Deals Economic Blow to California City
t Apple is working on a new smart home platform that would enable you to control  ...
b Alibaba to list on NYSE this summer
e Shailene Woodley Wants You to Give Your Vagina Some Vitamin D
m Oscar Pistorius' Psych Tests Over, Trial to Resume
b For millions of students: Another day older and deeper in debt
e Fox show 'I Wanna Marry Harry' tricks women into dating Prince Harry look-alike
e MTV Review | Guardians Of The Galaxy
e HBO on Amazon: What to Watch First?
b NTSB Calls For Special Review Of Boeing 777 Speed Control
t Algeria and Kuwait attack with Bladabindi and Jenxcus viruses, Microsoft
e Tragic Twist to ALS Ice Bucket Challenge
e Did Barbra Streisand really say she finds gay sex distasteful?
t Google announces 'Project Zero,' wants to put an end to online targeted attacks
b Crude Oil Holds Above $106 Ahead Of Inventories
e Juan Pablo Posts Sweet Video After Cringeworthy 'Bachelor' Finale
t Microsoft Windows XP Upgrade System Requirements: Switch to Windows 7 OS  ...
b Valeant Just Cranked Up Its Offer For Botox-Maker Allergan (VRX, AGN)
m The later the birth, the longer you may leave
b Gold trading outlook: futures steady ahead of key economic data from the  ...
e Lindsay Lohan's sex list: Revealed and confirmed
e 'Godzilla': 5 Things Roland Emmerich's 1998 Version Did Better
b Nigeria: Two Britons and Twelve Nigerians Arrested for Oil Theft
b Billionaire Obama advisor: Punish companies that ignore climate change
e Fifty Shades of Grey: here's the first official photo
t Mozilla employees call for CEO's resignation over anti-gay marriage donation
e 'Star Wars 7' Cast & Trailer News: Pip Andersen & Crystal Clarke Join Movie as  ...
m Worker with highly contagious infection worked at Missouri restaurant
t DNA study shows yeti is real (sort of) – and Oxford scientist prepares expedition  ...
t Click It or Ticket campaign returns
b Netflix's CEO Discusses Q1 2014 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
e Actress Kirsten Bell pregnant with second child
e Movie review: Chadwick Boseman brings James Brown to life in Get On Up
b Why Coca-Cola and Twitter Jumped
m Human nose can detect 1 trillion odors
e MOVIE STUDIOS FILE LAWSUIT AGAINST MEGAUPLOAD AND ITS  ...
b Twitter continues to surprise
e Dynasty actress Kate O'Mara dies at 74
b Los Angeles-area home price gains slow in May, Case-Shiller shows
t Google to sell limited number of Glass devices to public
b What Next for BNP and Banking?
t ZeniMax sues Oculus for "stealing" VR headset technology
e 'Divergent' crew mixed on 'HG' comparisons
m Research uncovers simple ways to detect signs of Alzheimer's
b HK benchmark slips, China stocks gain after upbeat survey
e Joss Whedon Releases Latest Film On Vimeo For $5
e ATMOSPHERE - Signage at 'Veronica Mars' Los Angeles Premiere
b US Forces Hand Over Seized Oil Tanker
e Man stranded in airport produces hilarious 'All By Myself' music video (Video)
b Florida expected to get large share of SunTrust settlement
t Google Glass Just Got Cool Thanks To Diane Von Furstenberg
t Apple CEO Cook Explains His Company's Commitment To The Environment In A  ...
e Robin Thicke, Paula Patton Update: 'Blurred Lines' Singer Naming New Album  ...
b Russia and China in 30-Year Gas Deal on New Geopolitical Realities
b Exclusive - AbbVie approaches Shire about possible takeover: sources
b IKEA to pay American employees actual living wages starting in 2015
e The Bachelorette 2014 Spoilers: Josh Murray Andi Dorfman's Winner or Is  ...
e Read a Chapter of George RR Martin's Forthcoming Game of Thrones Book
b Airlines could update ticket choices under DOT proposal
e Frances Bean Cobain Calls Out Lana Del Ray's 'Death Wish'
m New 'bionic pancreas' for diabetics
e Nicki Minaj Suffers Wardrobe Malfunction at VMAs (Video)
t Google reportedly building Project Tango tablets that can...
t Climate change threatens India's economy, food security
m Blood Test May Show Suicide Danger
t Apple-Samsung Jury Is Seated in Patent Trial in California
b Bangladesh's 'miracle' survivor marries and builds new life
t Masayoshi Son's misguided mission
b Drivers relying more on domestic fuel
t Verizon lights up improved XLTE data service in 44 states
m UK: Researchers to study impact of mobiles on brains of teens
b US boost fuels local jobs spur
t New Apple Inc's iPhone 6 screens to enter production as early as May?
t GM recalls thousands of new pickups, SUVs, in US and Canada
t Google's YouTube Live has been badly beaten by Twitch.tv in the streaming  ...
t iPhone-Connected Vessyl Smart Cup Tracks Drinking Habits
e Firework Safety Tips from the Turlock Fire Department
e 2014 MTV Music Awards
b EU prepares crackdown on high-frequency trading
b BEIJING MOTOR SHOW: Ford's Aussie Escort
b Meet Washington's football team: The [clever name here]
t Fraud, sex, post-it art: Google cuts search links
t Dinosaur metabolism neither hot nor cold, but just right
e Kanye West gifts Kim Kardashian with self portrait
e Dancing With the Stars 2014: Watch All the Season 18, Week 3 Performances  ...
t The 5.5-Inch iPhone 6 May Be Available at the Same Time as the 4.7-Inch Model
e Frankie Knuckles RIP
e Zac Efron and Michelle Rodriguez: Next Odd Couple of Hollywood? Zac Efron  ...
e Entertainer Rolf Harris Found Guilty of Sex Assaults
t Image of Samsung's Galaxy S5 F leaked
e Santa Monica's Lionsgate Announce Power Rangers Movie Franchise
t 'Blood Moon' Wows Stargazers
m Lab-grown nostrils, vaginas working well on transplant patients, new studies show
m Relay for Life: It's about saving lives
t Ghanaian celebs get previewing previlage for Galaxy S5 first
b RBS's US business files for $100m IPO
e In brief | Big Island & State, April 19, 2014
t Fancy winning another brand new Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0? Step this way…
e Kanye West Reveals He 'Proposed' To Kim Kardashian Seven Years Ago, Gets  ...
b Will This Price Target Increase Help Under Armour (UA) Stock Today?
e Julia Louis-Dreyfus responds to Constitution mistake
m Two patients with respiratory symptoms and travel history test negative for MERS  ...
e Eva Mendes Pregnant! Sexy Boyfriend Ryan Gosling Expecting Baby; Are  ...
t Google Inc. Just Took a Page From the Apple Playbook
t With Twitch acquisition, YouTube might finally make live streaming matter
e See Mila Kunis's Growing Baby Bump From the 2014 MTV Movie Awards  ...
t Apple Inc. (AAPL) drops the price and increases the speed of the MacBook Air
e 'Modern Family' And 'Breaking Bad' Win Big At A Predictable Emmy Awards Show
e Cinco de Mayo 2014: enjoy a margarita with these fun facts, trivia & history about  ...
b Traveling this Fourth of July? Expect most traffic, highest gas prices in years
m West Africa Ebola outbreak still spreading, "situation serious" -WHO
t GM recalls more faulty cars
m Decades-old vials of smallpox found in storage room
e Macklemore Jewish Costume: Thrift Shop Rapper Lands In Hot Water For Anti  ...
e Sheriff highlights mental-health shortcomings after California killings
b Earthquake detected near mudslide site
e Andrew Garfield bitten by love for Spider-Man
b US sets new import duties on Chinese solar products
t Mozilla CEO takes fire, support from gay, anti-gay activists six years later
e Behind the Scenes: Olympic gold medalists Meryl Davis & Charlie White on  ...
e Scarlett Johansson: Dylan Farrow's open letter "irresponsible"
e Movie review by Rashid Irani: Russell Crowe is the show-stopper in Noah
e 5 Seconds of Summer Announce 2015 North American Tour Dates
e Stephen Colbert to Take Over Late Show on CBS; Sitcom Stars on Talk Shows  ...
b Minneapolis Fed's Kocherlakota: Don't settle for 'new normal'
e Box Office Predictions: 'Transcendence' Eekes Out Win
b New York attorney general seeks curbs on high-frequency trading
t Xbox One Sales Double After Kinect Dropped
t Is Iceland's Next Volcanic Eruption About to Happen?
b Hillary Clinton to Do Terrible Half-Hour Interview on Fox News
b Banks to return $4.66bn in crisis loans to ECB
e Robin Thicke Dedicates Emotional 'Forever Love' Performance to Paula Patton  ...
m 'No Need for Panic'
b Demand Strong At Auction As Market Sees Dovish Fed
t Ford Lowers MPG For Certain Models - Will Pay Owners
t Veggie Will Expand Fresh Food Production on Space Station
b Rebased GDP: FG Raises FIRS' Revenue Target
e Shane Black to co-write and direct the reboot of Predator
t Climate Change Is Already Hurting the U.S. That's Good News.
b Google Reports: Paid Clicks Up 26%, Cost-Per-Click Drops 9%, Stock Down  ...
t How to Remember All the Passwords You're Resetting
m Surgeon general's skin cancer warning: 'We have to change the social norms  ...
t Facebook tests new 'buy' button in US for e-commerce push
e Lady Gaga celebrates her 28th birthday, performs at closing Roseland Ballroom
e Jay Leno Protested the World's Biggest Car Collector
e 'Fringe' Actress Georgina Haig Is About To 'Let It Go' As Elsa On 'Once Upon A  ...
m BioCryst Treatment for Inherited Angioedema Meets Endpoints
m Rare 'mono mono' twins hold hands at birth
t Limited edition Ford Mustang will be available in Murfreesboro, TN when released
b A higher standard
e Colorado, national media hype two 'marijuana' deaths
t Charlotte-area gas prices little changed this week, but violence in Iraq pushes  ...
b Hold the pickle, hold the taxes
e Miami Mayor Looking To End The Ultra Music Festival In Miami | News
b Samsung Q2 net profit falls to 2-year low
e 'Bad Day' Costs Chris Brown His Freedom
e Richard Attenborough, Oscar-Winning Director And Acclaimed Actor, Dies At 90
t Twitter Back Online After Brief Outage
b China's Internet giant Alibaba Group files IPO
e Miley Cyrus blasts unkind critics from sick bed
e Gwyneth Paltrow, Chris Martin spotted together, rumor claims Paltrow will tour  ...
e Disney confirm new Star Wars takes place 30 years after Return of the Jedi
b Climate Change's Risk To Economy Assessed By Bipartisan Report
b Numsa ready to strike indefinitely
m Smyth County Relay for Life keeps going despite storms
e Andrew Rannells to take over for Neil Patrick Harris in Hedwig and the Angry Inch
e 'Keeping Up With the Kardashians' Season 9: Kim & Kanye West Wedding  ...
e A 'Punk'd' Guide To Parenting For Rumored Dad-To-Be Ashton Kutcher
t Utah gas prices climb 14 cents from last month
t The Lowdown: What Google announced at Google I/O 2014
b Dollar holds firm in Asia
b Fast Food Workers Protest At McDonald's Headquarters, Call For Higher Wages  ...
e Marvel's superhero Thor is now a woman!
e Steve Martin dismisses rumored involvement in 'Father of the Bride: Part III'
e 'The Walking Dead' Season 4, Episode 13 Recap: Daryl and Bob learn about life  ...
t iPhone 6 clones appear way ahead of actual device
b Price of gasoline dips in Charlotte area
m Report: Pesticide Exposure in Pregnancy May Raise Autism Risk
e 'Game of Thrones' recap: 'The Lannisters aren't the only ones who pay their debts.'
e Robert Pattinson talks Kristen Stewart split
b Drought spans all of California for first time in 15 years
t Foursquare Splits App In Two With Swarm Location-Based Reviews
e Here is what it looks like to go down the world's largest water slide
t 10 Things You Need To Know Before The Opening Bell
b Roche to Buy Cancer-Drug Maker for Up to $1.7 Billion
b Hal Rhodes: Curb excesses in higher education
t Windows 8.1 Update 1 is live: here's how to download and install it
t Google Joins Forces With Luxottica, The Maker Of Ray-Ban, Oakley, And Persol  ...
b Mortgage Interest Rates Worsen Today at Commerce Bank Apr 16
t Intel moves to bring Core M PC chips to tablets
e Mark Ruffalo no longer friends with Jennifer Garner
e Mayor drops F-bomb during rally for LA Kings
b Rebased GDP Likely to Make Nigeria Africa's No. 1 Economy
t Apple iPhone 6 leaked casing, schematics show what it could look like
t Poo shows Neanderthals ate vegetables and nuts
e Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them: All Your Questions On The Harry  ...
e Hilarious Southwest flight attendant's safety speech goes viral
m America's Mentally Ill Prisoners Outnumber Hospital Patients, Tenfold
e Former 'Scandal' Star Columbus Short Arrested for Public Intoxication (Report)
t Google Glass touches down in the UK for £1000
e Johnny Depp Is So Romantic He Wakes Up Amber Heard in the Middle of the  ...
t Here's A List Of Instagram Photos You Could Put On Your Adidas Sneakers This  ...
e 'Dancing With the Stars' crowns Season 18 champ!
t FL Governor Rick Scott Deflects Climate Questions: 'I'm Not a Scientist'
b Mayor Emanuel Announces Funding to Achieve Goal of Expanding Match  ...
e Watch: Brian Williams Covers 'Gin And Juice', Addresses His Rap Videos (Finally!)
b Carl Icahn ends proxy fight with eBay as company adds independent director
t Microsoft Briefly Lists Surface Pro 3 on Support Site
t iOS 7.1 Jailbreak Update Coming? @Pod2g Shares Details On Next Evasi0n  ...
t Scientists to Congress: Expect discovery of intelligent alien life by 2034
e Stephen Colbert Responds To Racism Accusations After Tweet Causes Internet  ...
e North Korea threatens war over a Seth Rogen movie
e Nikki Reed & Paul McDonald Split
m Bristol-Myers Squibb and CytomX agree immuno-oncology alliance
b Southwest Airlines is evolving, CEO says
t Efforts to Restore Coral Habitats Stink - Literally
t TECHNO FILE: Samsung's Galaxy S5 deserves to get credit from iPhone snobs
e After Three Films, 'Blended's' Sandler and Barrymore Are Like an Old Married  ...
b BMW Announces $1 Billion Investment in Spartanburg, S.C., Factory to Boost  ...
t Exposed: Accusations of Hypocrisy in Company's Crusade to Oust Mozilla CEO  ...
m First Case of MERS Transmission Reported in US
b Carney is first £1m Bank governor
e Neil Patrick Harris
b Statement from the Peterson Foundation on the Social Security & Medicare  ...
b Supreme Court Hands Obama Administration a Victory in Efforts to Curb Carbon  ...
e Boseman shows soul as James Brown in 'Get on Up'
t After Facebook Deal, Moves App Changes Privacy Policy
t Sony warns new Viao-hybrid users of battery overheating and fire risk
t US Congress: GM Twice Failed to Fix defect
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Wedding Plans: Kim Ignores Fans in Paris  ...
t PM Narendra Modi to champion 'free and open' internet on world stage
b Schneiderman sues Barclays, alleges deceit
m Study Shows Income Decides Cancer Risks
m World Health Organization says Ebola cases may eventually hit 20000, reports
m Mobile app may help people recovering from alcohol abuse: study
b Time Warner Beats Q1 Earnings Estimates With Help From …
t Academics Question The Value Of Facebook's Controversial Research
b Euro down to three-month low as business confidence drops in Germany
e Miley Cyrus Likes To Go Boating — Motorboating!
m Italian Researchers Create the First Kidney Dialysis Machine for Infants and  ...
b How Many Americans Live Under the WORLD Poverty Line?
t GM recalls Camaros for ignition switches
t MacBook Air gets a spec bump, price cut: Now starting at $899
b Report: Virgin America and JetBlue Are the Best Airlines in the US
e Bryan Cranston - Bryan Cranston Helps Fan Land A Date
b Spanish yields slide to record low on ECB's easing signals
b Biographical information about outgoing Target CEO
t Apple, Samsung Heavyweight Legal Bout Heads Back to Court
b Monte Paschi approves increasing size of capital increase to 5 bln euros
b Duke Energy Creates Coal-Ash Task Force
t Apple And Google Make Peace On Patent Battle
b Nate Silver straddles both ends of the 'best and worst jobs' list (Video)
e Licensing deal makes HBO shows available to Amazon Prime members
b US Close - Markets fall as banks slip on Barclays lawsuit
b Analyst: CNN may be worth $5B if put up for sale
m Daily Cute: Frostie the Snow Goat Finally Gets to Walk
b California health exchange touts 4.2 percent increase in rates for 2015
e Pilgrimage pray
b Wall Street Logs Weekly Loss on Iraq Concerns
m Financial crisis made obesity 'epidemic' even worse, OECD finds
e High 'Tea' Time: Oprah Partners With Starbucks To Sell Her Own Brew
e Sept. 11 museum opens to relatives, survivors
t Just how poorly is the Wii U selling? We'll show you
b In Twitter-Like Leap, Weibo Pops 40% In IPO Debut
e 'The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1' Release Date, Spoilers: No Arena, But  ...
b Fitch pegs India's growth this fiscal at 5.5%
t Apple rolls out X Yosemite Mac operating system
t Review – Huawei Ascend G525 vs Samsung Galaxy S Duos 2 – Software  ...
m Sarepta: Few Fund Managers Saw This One Coming
t Microsoft ends support for XP today: A timeline of Windows XP's 13-year journey
b AAA expects 36.1 million to travel Memorial Day weekend, as Americans shake  ...
b China Factory Activity Expands For First Time In Six Months
b Brian Cornell named Target's CEO after data hacking scandal
b Student loan debt adds to wealth gap in US
e John Green responds to The Fault In Our Stars questions
e Watch: Kim Kardashian reveals a lot of thigh in her torn jeans
t Read+Watch+Listen: Bonus material for Infamous: Second Son fans
b Oust Politicians Who Refuse to Expand Medicaid
t Meet the New Planet That's Way Out Past Pluto
t Lost snake species found again on Mexican island
b Only 200 jobs created in July: Statistics Canada
t Amazon Rising: Debuts 4.7-inch 'Fire' Phone with Unlimited Photo Storage
b Unions Warn Obama on Walmart Visit
t NY judge approves Toyota-US deal, $1.2B penalty - KTVN Channel 2 - Reno  ...
e 'Draft Day' hangs like square dad jeans on Costner
t Microsoft (MSFT) Reportedly Planning The Biggest Round of Layoffs In Its History
m Milwaukee among Wisconsin's least healthy counties, Ozaukee ranks as healthiest
e Archie Is Going To Be Shot Dead This July. Yeah, That Archie.
e Andrew Garfield Disses Beyoncé, Learns How to Kiss Emma Stone on SNL
b Industry sees threat in Comcast-Time Warner deal
b Twitter, Amazon team up for new app
t GM employees under probe for defective ignition switch
e Chris Brown & Justin Bieber: 'Hungry' To…
e MTV Movie Awards Winners: The Full List
t Springfield-Area Gas Prices Up Nearly Four Cents
e Iconic Canadian author, conservationist dead at 92
e George Clooney's ex weds in Mexico
b Kaepernick says reports are 'completely wrong'
e Jessica Simpson followed vegan diet before tying the knot
e Emily Blunt catches Tom Cruise off-guard with a kiss
t SpaceX Is Launching To The Space Station, Loaded With Science
t The Myths & Realities Of How Of The EU's New “Right To Be Forgotten” In  ...
t Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs S5 Activ: Best Samsung Is…
e “The Amazing Spider-Man 2” spins a web of mediocrity
e Emma Stone's Got A New Bob
t Microsoft Announces Windows 8.1 with Bing
b Archer Daniels Midland to buy Swiss food ingredient maker Wild Flavors for  ...
t Elon Musk GIVES UP ON SEX: He'll make do with a 'cheap' Tesla III instead
e VIDEO: Captain America Breaks April Opening Records
t Red Hat integrates Docker virtual containers for Linux
m Alzheimer's less preventable than previously thought
b Record number in work as jobless total falls by 63000
b WRAPUP 3-Puerto Rico's electric power authority gets extension from creditors
t Google's YouTube gets the itch to buy Twitch
e Sinead O'Conner reveals drastic new look in black bob wig and skin-tight PVC  ...
e Uma Thurman, John Travolta Reunite for 20th Anniversary of Pulp Fiction
t UPDATE 2-FCC pushes back against criticism over Internet traffic plan
e Easter is the perfect time to share what Jesus did for all of us
b Is It Us, Or Is The New GM Starting To Look More And More Like The Old GM?
t Would you buy Google Glass if it looked like Ray-Ban or Oakley?
t Netflix raising prices for new subscribers in Canada, US
e SHIGERU BAN: Humanitarian architect
e Community's Dan Harmon Comments on Show's Cancellation
t More GM Ignition Recalls on the Way – Over 3M Additional Vehicles Get Recalled
t McAfee: Check Websites Affected By Heartbleed Bug
b UK manufacturing PMI slips to 55.3 in March
t Special Edition of of Ford Mustang Created for 50th Anniversary
e Jesse Winchester, singer and songwriter, dies at 69
e Kanye and Kim Will Have a Courthouse-Themed Wedding This Week
m Sen. Menendez Breaks Ground on New Camden Health Center
e Lupita Nyong'o crowned as People's 'Most Beautiful Woman'
e Good, Bad or Something Else - "Tammy"
t Corporate giants' 'Trillion Tonne Communiqué' issues fresh demand for climate  ...
b Jerk.com misused Facebook profiles, FTC says
e Scout Willis Goes Topless in NYC To Protest Instagram!
e Miley Cyrus Hospitalized, Cancels Another Show Date
e 'The Bachelor': Out With Juan Pablo, In With Arie Luyendyk, Jr.?!
b Mortgage Rates Drop But Closing Costs Climb; Buyers To Face Higher Costs In  ...
t Microsoft accidentally reveals plans to bring folder support to Windows Phone 8.1
b Supreme Court balances clean air against clean law
t Oculus Rift Acquisition: Does Everyone Hate Facebook?
t Motorola Moto X+1 Makes Another Appearance on the MotoMaker Website
t Rumor: Google May Be Looking To Buy Part Of Virgin Galactic
b Chipotle Mexican Grill (CMG) Posts Quarterly Earnings, Misses Estimates By  ...
b FTC says Congress should rein in data brokers
e Paul McCartney has 'successful treatment' for virus, 'complete recovery' expected
m HIV testing in Tennessee
b Homebuilder confidence swings to positive
e Amazon snares popular shows in deal with HBO
b IMF agrees up to 18-billion-dollar in loans for Ukraine
t WSJ: Fear, Cash Spark Onslaught of Tech Takeovers
b China, Russia sign landmark US$400b gas deal after decade of talks
b Dateline Hillandale: Who's the Real Threat?
b Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba invests $280 million in messaging app Tango
e Police find Miley's Maserati
b Indian Shares Seen Subdued As Oil Prices Surge
t Where to watch the HTC One M8 launch event livestream
t Firaxis takes Civilization to the stars with Beyond Earth announcement [Updated]
m West Nile virus found in local mosquitoes
t John Oliver spends 13 minutes delivering the best Net Neutrality explainer ever
m Jogging for memory: Exercise regularly to keep brain active
e Avengers: Age of Ultron Teased In "Captain America" Mid-Credits Scene
t Laser-guided cargo spacecraft docks at the International Space Station
b California Facing Yet Another Record Drought
e Kanye West Giving Kim Kardashian 10 Burger Kings As Wedding Gift
t Google offering Glass for sale to any US consumer on April 15th, limited stock  ...
b Russia in recession, IMF estimates
b Hillshire Brands shows appetite for growth with Pinnacle deal
e Pregnant Kourtney Kardashian Wears All Denim For Dinner With Kim in NYC  ...
e HRC urges groups to cancel events at Brunei-owned hotels over 'stone the gays  ...
e KARDASHIANS: How Khloé could derail Kim's wedding
t Samsung Plans to Release Samsung Gear Solo 2
e Wu-Tang Clan Deny Affiliation With Rapper Who Cut Off Penis
m Report: Fortified foods pose health risk to kids
e 'Game of Thrones' director's comments on rape scene are the most troubling part
e 'Rio 2' Steals Top Spot At Box Office
e Corporate sponsors of gay pride parades on the rise
t Japan loses whaling case in international court
e 'The Voice' USA 2014 Battle Round 1: Contestants Performing to Impress  ...
b UniCredit posts stunning Q4 loss of $21 billion
m For St. Louis Man Living with HIV, 21st Annual Dining Out for Life Is More Than a  ...
b Is Herbalife Really Unaware of FBI Scrutiny?
e Miley Cyrus HOSPITALIZED, Cancels Concert
t Letter: Carbon fee is best chance to mitigate climate change
e WATCH: Pippa Middleton's First-Ever TV Interview On 'Today'
b 11 miners still trapped in illegal Honduran gold mine
t Samsung Galaxy K photos leak online ahead of next week's launch
t What it's like to try and leave Comcast
e Ford injury to halt 'Star Wars' for two weeks
b China trade surplus rises to US$18.45 billion in April: Customs
e Chris, Gwyneth, Kim and Kanye and a golden age of celebrity mag cobblers
b Employers in US Put Out Fewer Help-Wanted Signs in March
m Young and obese? Blame it on sedentary lifestyle
t Google Maps Adds a 'Time Machine' Feature to Street View
b UPDATE 1-Passengers evacuated from Channel Tunnel after breakdown
b Uber temporarily cuts fares 20% in New York
e Artist Regenerates Van Gogh's Lost Ear, but How Long Before They Grow the  ...
t Modi gives Twitter unprecedented access to his administration
m Help troops get mental health treatment: Your Say
b Botox makers reject takeover bid from Laval firm
e 'I never cheated on husband Chris Martin,' says love-split Gwyneth Paltrow
b Unemployment rates fell in 29 US states last month
t Apple's 'flop' iPhone 5c outsold Galaxy S5 in its first month on sale in UK
e The Force Is With Them: Star Wars Episode VII Cast Revealed
m Salt makes overweight people age faster
b Health care leads in CEO pay by industry with $12.3 million median
e Saw-Wielding Man Attacks Girl Group In Japan
e Stephen Colbert Racist? Outraged Online Followers Seek Cancellation of 'The  ...
t Microsoft Looking To Get A Piece Of The Smartwatch Pie Too
t IT network must be rebuilt after attacks from Chinese hackers
b Tax prep errors could be costly
b US economy shrinks by a shock 2.9pc in first quarter
t Apple's Media Strategy Architect Katie Cotton to Retire
m 3-D Imaging Boosts Breast Ca Detection Rate
e Daily Box Office Analysis
b S&P 500 Jumps to Record High on Improving Consumer Confidence
t Canada not immune to impact of global warming: report
e How I Met Your Mother 'Last Forever' Review
t UPDATE 1-Europe's top court backs 'right to be forgotten' in Google case
t 2015 Ford Mustang Empire State Building Stunt: Behind the Scenes
b GDP Rebounds
b Gold little changed before US jobs data, ECB meeting
e Second 'Dawn Of The Planet Of The Apes' Trailer Arrives
b 9 Radical Ways Yahoo Can Reignite Its Ads Business
t Earth-sized exoplanet spotted in star's habitable zone
t Apple Sued Over Vanishing Texts After IPhones Swapped Out
t Global Warming and Ice Ages
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West Get Married in Italy
e Amazon launches music streaming for Prime members (w/video)
b Pure Storage to expand globally with new $225 mln series D bomb
m Top Scientists Warn World Health Organization Not to Stub Out E-Cigarettes
t States investigate eBay data breach
b India factory output hits 17-month peak: survey
t Sony Steals Show With E3 Press Conference
e Amazon escalates its battle against Hachette
t Hackers Being Offered $10000 to Hack a Tesla Model S
e Pharrell Responds to His Oscar Loss With a Pun
e Beyonce, Carrie Underwood, Miley Cyrus Among Time's 100 Most Influential  ...
t Samsung new flagship S5 hit shelves
b Deutsche Bank sets timeline for equity, bond pricings
b Draghi Drives ECB Easing Expectations Up
b US digital adspend passes TV
b Yellen rejects raising inflation target
e Caution + fireworks = happy holiday
t Who wins if Iliad buys T-Mobile?
b S&P 500 closes with big round number: 2000.02
b 'Financial Times' Picks Apart Picketty, Sparking An Argument
e LGBT concerns grow as Brunei implements Sharia law
e 'Star Wars: Episode VII' Cast Revealed (Finally)
t US government denies being aware of Heartbleed internet bug
e Harry Potter is back, married and grey
t Here's how to celebrate 45 years since man's first steps on the moon
t Nintendo reports worse-than-expected quarterly loss
t Apple launches faster MacBook Pro with Retina display lineup
e Double Wedding Mystery
b Marathon Petroleum Corp to Buy Hess Corp.'s Retail Business for $2.87B (MPC  ...
e A day on the set of 'Divergent'
e MuchMusic Video Awards 2014 Best Dressed: Kylie Jenner, Kendall Jenner  ...
e Djimon Hounsou on Mandela, Madonna and How to Train Your Dragon 2
b Aerospace, auto demand boost Alcoa
e Chris Soules: Ready To Be The Next 'Bachelor'?
e 6 Revelations From Lindsay Lohan's Latest Media Blitz
e George Strait named Entertainer of the Year at Academy of Country Music Awards
b Nationwide data breach affects Yuma store
t Amazon shines a spotlight on content for first Fire phone ad
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 and 10.5 AMOLED tablets finally made official
t Battle of the Androids: HTC One M8 vs Samsung Galaxy S5
e Singer Phil Collins gifts collection of Alamo artifacts to Texas
t HTC One M8 2014 Water Drop Test Video Challenges Samsung Galaxy S5
t Collective Recommendations from ESET Researchers and White Hat Hackers  ...
t Amazon unveils 3D-ready smartphone
e Mad Men creator faces the end, and its challenges
e 'The Bachelorette' Season 10 Episode 4 Recap: Eric Hill's Awkward Tribute  ...
e Whoopi Pens Column About How Much She Loves Weed
b BOJ mulls big balance sheet after CPI target
b The breach and the exit: A timeline
t Official: Google Glass launches in the UK today for £1000
e Bella Thorne: I Waited Six Weeks to Kiss Boyfriend Tristan Klier
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S AMOLED Display Seen In Leaked Photo
b China March PMI rises to 50.3%, 1st rebound in 4 months
b People line up to sign up for health plans
e Look Who's Back! Tony Winner Rosie O'Donnell Set to Return as The View Co  ...
e Police: Miley Fan Snuck Into Dressing Room
t New York gasoline prices decline; further moderation expected
b Week In FX Europe - After NFP, ECB, Russia and the Dollar In Focus
e 'I ignore Hoult', says Jennifer Lawrence
b Bailed-out Cyprus returns to bond market
e Watch: Siskel & Ebert's First Full Episode Of 'Opening Soon At A Theater Near  ...
b Alibaba applies for New York IPO
t Facebook to buy Oculus for $2 billion
m Government increases US autism estimate
e 'Anything Goes' with Lady Gaga and Tony Bennett: VIDEO
e Mila Kunis and Ashton Kutcher pucker up for the Kiss Cam as sources say they  ...
e Diane Sawyer to Leave ABC World News — David Muir to Replace Her (VIDEO)
e 'Newman' from 'Seinfeld' is not dead
e Divergent's Final Book Allegiant Will Be Split Into Two Movies
t Telecom merger mania hits K Street
e Lindsay Lohan says sex list was for AA
b JSE stocks end lower
e Miley sings to doll after pet's death
e Emanuel confident Lucas museum will withstand legal challenge
e Taylor Swift Has A Celeb-Filled Fourth Of July Weekend! How Many Celebs Can  ...
b Tougher Leverage Caps for US Banks Set for Regulator Approval
e Happy Birthday Lady Gaga! 'Mother Monster' Turns 28
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Heading to C Spire in May
e 'Time Is Illmatic' Explores Nas' Classic Debut Album At Tribeca Film Festival
e Writer Gabriel Garcia Marquez, Nobel laureate, dies at 87
m West African nations scramble to contain Ebola threat
e 'Peter Pan Live' Premiering 2014 on NBC Announces 'Girls' Star Allison Williams  ...
t Google Glasses available for Rs 93000 tomorrow
b Government awards four-year radioactive monitoring contract to CGI
m Port Vue woman continues running despite Lyme disease diagnosis
b Via MNI (Sophia Rodrigues), a good summary (they are excellent at MNI) of what  ...
t Oculus to sell its Rift VR headset 'at cost'
t Windows 8.1 With Bing Announced
e Beyonce & Jay Z Release 'On The Run' Tour Trailer & Bey's Wearing Bloodied  ...
m Simple blood test could help detect cancer
e Flyers playoff game at Wells Fargo moves Miley Cyrus show to April 22
t ECS cheaper than public cloud
t Astronomers find possible exomoon
e Rapper Rick Ross arrested In Greensboro after SuperJam
b Ready the Champagne: S&P 500 Hits 2000
b Here's why the California housing outlook is grim despite April good news
t Samsung Galaxy S5: US Carriers Reveal Plans
e This chicken cup could sell for $38 million
t Lockheed gets go ahead for construction of NASA Mars lander
e Kim Kardashian Reportedly Giving Music Career Another Go
t Apple tells more amazing stories in new 'Your Verse' iPad Air ads
e Was Kate Middleton Invited to Kim Kardashian's Wedding?
e Erie Times-News
t Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) To Finalize Nokia Acquisition By Friday
m “War on Smoking” began 50 years ago with Surgeon General's report
t PSP to be discontinued worldwide
t Surface Pro 3 vs. MacBook Air
b Cracks across European fuel oil complex plummet, lagging Brent
b Stock markets chalk up further losses, U.S. banker JPMorgan misses forecasts
t Google Glass Now Available To Buy For Today Only
e Has Justin Bieber forced Selena Gomez to go back into rehab?
b Wayward squirrel blamed for $300K in damage
e Neil Patrick Harris poses with snakes for Vanity Fair shoot
e L'Wren Scott's Family Holds Funeral in Los Angeles
b US stocks in black after rocky night
b Photos: A 15-Foot Wide Sinkhole And Other Damage Caused By The Flooding  ...
t FCC Pushes Neutrality Deadline As Web, Cable Cos. Weigh In
e MTV VMAs: Best Dressed Stars Of The Night
t Meet Pelagornis sandersi, possibly biggest bird ever to fly
b PRECIOUS-Gold ticks higher as dollar drops after Fed; platinum climbs
e 4th of July Box Office a Major Dud as Newcomers Fail to Ignite
e Kit Harington's Hair Contract Is More Complicated Than Trying To Unite The  ...
b US Patent Office Rules Redskins Name is 'Disparaging '
b Asia shares step cautiously around tame China inflation
e Can 22 Jump Street Rekindle Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum's Bromantic  ...
e Watch the latest episode of 'Game of Thrones' for free on Xbox One and Xbox 360
t BlackBerry Launches BBM Protected as First Product in eBBM Suite
t Rick Mastracchio Completes Successful Spacewalk
t Hackers exploit major security flaw in Internet Explorer; Microsoft offers no fix for  ...
b EBay Appreciates Icahn's Changed View On PayPal - Update
e Jagger 'struggling to understand' girlfriend's death
t A New Cosmic Discovery Could Be The Closest We've Come To The Beginning  ...
e Beyoncé tops the Forbes Celebrity 100 list
t NASA Crashes Lunar Probe — As Planned
b Home»News»Business»IMF chief Lagarde under official investigation in France  ...
t AP PHOTOS: Report says warming disrupts America with weird weather, rising  ...
b US to allow condensate exports after light refining
e 'Brooklyn Nine-Nine's' Terry Crews Named 'Who Wants To Be A Millionaire' Host
t Earth's true early bird revealed
t Experts: Florida panther population at rising
e Miley Cyrus obtains temporary restraining order against man who 'believes the  ...
b Low inflation to spark policy debate, but ECB seen holding steady
t Honestly speaking, consumers lose in AT&T-DirecTV deal
m Delayed umbilical cord clamping is effective even when newborn is placed on  ...
e Dancing with the Stars Elimination Tonight 2014 Reveals DWTS May 5 Results
t Office iPad Good For Apple, Bad For Microsoft Surface
e Is Selena Gomez Going After Older Men?
e Discovery Channel Cancels Live Mount Everest Jump Special In Wake of  ...
e Hello Kitty shocker 's-purrs' online outcry
m Headbanging caused brain bleed in Motorhead fan
t Office for iPad is pretty and functional
b Another Huge Quarter Shows Why GM Isn't Worried About The Recalls
e Movie review: Draft Day is an off-season gift for even casual football fans (with  ...
e Brittany Murphy's final film being released
e Lawyer says Bryan Singer not in Hawaii during time of alleged sexual assault
b Stock Futures Decline Following Thursday's Selloff
b US Hot Stocks: Hot Stocks to Watch
b NYC-Based Crumbs Bake Shop Abruptly Closes All Locations
b Eurozone loans to private sector still contracting
t Facebook kills Poke and Camera apps
e Rolf Harris trial: 84-year-old jailed for five years and nine months for committing  ...
e Sandra Bullock Came Face to Face With Home Intruder Outside Her Bedroom
e False Alarm! Kim Kardashian ISN'T Blonde Again, She Was Just Wigging Out  ...
m Infections at Hospitals on Decline: CDC
e 3 Biggest Changes in Game of Thrones Season 4 Finale, "The Children," That  ...
t Samsung Gear 2, Gear Fit pricing details begin to trickle out
b HP to Cut 11000 to 16000 More Jobs?
t Google Street View's New Time Travel Option Is Pretty Incredible
b Sharing the pain will save pensions
b European Stocks Edge Up After Draghi, Data Eyed
t Google Purchases Songza for a Speculated $39 Million
b Glance: Alibaba's tentacles into Chinese retail
t Why the Beats Deal Shows Apple is Actually Listening
b Jobless rates mostly drop
t Two Obvious Problems with the National Climate Assessment
e Pope Francis, Divorce, & A Very Big Phone Call
e And the 'Dancing With the Stars' winner is...
b White House Discussions To Unpack 'Risky Business' Climate Report This Week
t Tesla Shares Its Technology With The World: An 'Open Book' On Patents
b Candy Crush Parent King Tanking In Market Debut
m Pistorius had no mental disorder at time of shooting: Report
b Philips Profit Misses Estimates Amid Currency Woes
t T-Mobile to drop domestic overages for all plans, calls on AT&T, Verizon and  ...
e Does this beauty look familiar?
e Seattle police release 35 never-before-scene photos from the scene of Kurt  ...
m Ebola - Facing Down Fear to Save Lives in Guinea
t More Details About LG G Watch Surface
t Windows Phone 81 Everything Youll want to know
e Brad Pitt attacker says he was just trying to 'hug' the mega-star!
e Dancing with the Stars Season 18 Premiere Live Stream (ABC): Watch Online  ...
t Blackberry's Securesmart Acquisition Almost Complete
b Thailand may have picked up missing plane on radar, didn't speak up for 10 days
t Apple releases iOS 7.1 featuring CarPlay
t Did federal regulators fail to flag complaints against GM?
m Federal drug chief visits Roanoke
e There Are At Least 634 Runways Across 26 Countries Where the Missing  ...
e Shia LaBeouf Voluntary Checks Himself Into Rehab, Rep Confirms
e Game of Thrones Review 4.04 - 'Oathkeeper'
t Twitter: 44 Percent Of Users Do Not Tweet
t iPhone 6 in 4.7- and 5.5-inch models out in Sept. with 600-M units target sales
m Breaking news: Pistorius not mentally ill during killing, panel reports
b Argentina's government blames 'conspiracy' for defaulting on debt
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West already married? Kimye reportedly wed in California
b GM to ask court to halt recall lawsuits
b AP NewsAlert
t White House: NSA didn't exploit 'Heartbleed'
t Mobile Payments Are An Area Of Interest To Apple, According To Tim Cook
b GM recalls another 3.36 million cars for problem linked to 8 crashes
e 'How I Met Your Mother' Cast and Creator React to Finale [NO SPOILERS]; 'Last  ...
m Liberia's Ebola crisis 'will get worse'
b UK Manufacturing Slows Down in July
e Report: 'Full House' Revival In The Works
e Man details abuse claims against 'X-Men' director Bryan Singer
b Pfizer profits fall on expiring patents
b Health care law may face big challenges
b Good news for first-time buyers?
e Peter Mayhew Returning As Chewbacca For Star Wars: Episode VII
t T-Mobile to drop overage charges, throttle data instead
t OnePlus One To Come with Snapdragon 801, not Snapdragon 800
b RBS Could Move HQ to England if Scotland Joins EU
e Coachella 'Reflects' Artist Phillip K. Smith's Work
e Park wedding for Jamie Lynn
b TransGlobe Energy Corp. (TGA) Terminates Agreement with Caracal Energy
t Chilean devil rays found to be one of the deepest diving oceanic species
e Justin Bieber cell phone incident at Los Angeles restaurant prompts police  ...
t Microsoft's new Surface tablet pitched as laptop replacement
t Facebook buys video advertising technology company LiveRail
e 'Scandal' Star Columbus Short Arrested Following Alleged Brawl
e Hollywood Actress Gwyneth Paltrow and Coldplay frontman Chris Martin have  ...
b Janet Yellen keeping options open as Federal Reserve meets
e Mick Jagger Is Declared Sole Heir to L'Wren Scott's $9-Million Estate Property
e 'Muppets Most Wanted'
e Miley Cyrus 'Beyond Exhausted' As She Cancels Another Show Due To  ...
t New LG G Watch Photo Shown Off On Facebook
t Pluto's MOON CRACKS must be PROBED for mystery ocean – NASA
m First lady defends school meal rules
m Guinea's Capital on High Alert after Ebola Outbreak
e Rob Kardashian, Adrienne Bailon 2014: Reality Star Responds To Ex  ...
b No night mail drop for tax returns this year
t Detailed Look At Ancient Harvestmen from Fossil Of 4-Eyed Daddy Longleg  ...
m Tenn. Women Becomes First to be Arrested for Drug Use During Pregnancy
t Microsoft Office on iPad Arrives, But Full Function Will Cost
b Lilly to acquire Novartis Animal Health
b US jobless claims increase
t US Tells Users To Stop Using Internet Explorer For Now
e Our friendly superhero shows his fierce side in an Amazing Spider-Man 2 launch  ...
e Susan Sarandon and Melissa McCarthy star in 'Tammy'
b Yahoo climbs to 3-week high as Q1 results squeak expectations
b Air France-KLM to offer private jets
e UM law student Diana Peloquin talks about her win on 'Jeopardy!'
b Stock market live blog: Stocks rally on manufacturing; S&P 500 hits record
t Report: HTC Nexus 9/Volantis with Tegra K1 chip and 8.9-inch display to launch  ...
e Connecticut Personal Injury Lawyers of The Berkowitz Law Firm LLC Comment  ...
t Controversy And Surprise Greets Facebook Purchase Of Oculus VR In US$2  ...
b Southwest Airlines Announces New Flights For Dallas And DC Travelers; New  ...
b GM recalls 1.5 million more vehicles after ignition debacle (+video)
e GUY -- An ARTPOP Film Review
e ABC renews 'Scandal,' 'Castle,' 'Grey's Anatomy,' 'Revenge,' 'Once Upon a Time  ...
t Toyota To Pay $1.2 Billion Over Acceleration Recalls
e Pregnant Mila Kunis Wins a MTV Movie Award
m 'Bionic Pancreas' May Revolutionize Diabetes Treatment
e This Teen Disney Star Is Coming To Bryan Singer's Defense After Rape Claims!
b Warren Buffett: Next Berkshire CEO Should Be Only One To Get Options
b Carlyle Group Buys Ortho-Clinical Diagnostics
b UPDATE 3-Taxis sow traffic chaos in Europe protesting against Uber car app
e Who Won 'Dancing With The Stars' 2014? Meryl Davis Wins 'DWTS' With Maksim  ...
t Samsung Galaxy S5 teardown reveals a bill of materials worth $256
b Three things to know about the Supreme Court's ruling on Argentine debt – and  ...
e A double-header of biopics for "Get on Up" star Chadwick Boseman
b Ford's 1Q profit falls 39 percent; shares drop
b Ag markets quiet ahead of today's big USDA reports
t Apple-Samsung Jury Recalculates Verdict, but Leaves Intact Original $119  ...
e Which Christian Leaders Just Endorsed 'Noah' as a 'Pro-Faith and Pro-God  ...
t Teen discovers that simply changing fonts can save tons of money on printer ink
e Human Barbie Shares Her Odd Beach Workout Tape--See Her Tiny Waist!
t Credentials theft hole found in almost all Android devices
b Citigroup Q2 profit better than expected
t Microsoft Surface Pro 3 and Surface mini: Release date, UK price and specs
m Autism Rates Rise 30 Percent In Two-Year Span: CDC
t Microsoft Hopes Surface 3 Works for Tablet, Laptop Lovers
b Tiffany Posts Upbeat Q2 Earnings, Lifts FY14 Forecast
t Windows 9 'Threshold' Will Bring Back The Default Start Menu
t Cactus, palm tree latest attempts at stealth cellphone towers
t Google tools to allow development of wearable-device apps
e Jay Leno to receive nation's top humor award, the Mark Twain Prize, at Kennedy  ...
e NEW YORK DAILY NEWS
m Certain Genetic Variants May Put Bladder Cancer Patients at Increased Risk of  ...
m Could weed curb seizures? Researchers weigh in
e No groping: Pamplona cleans up bull run fiesta
b 'Taxes Really Do Matter': Whopper of a Lesson From Burger King's Move
t Watch Dogs PS3 Version Leaked on the Internet
t Microsoft Office now available for iPads
b Markets Laugh Off Coca-Cola (KO) Take-Private Speculation, But Is There More  ...
b Samsung posts three straight quarters of profit decline
t Google Glass available in US as of April 15
e X Men Days Of Future Past gives the franchise a new lease of life!
t Five Impressions Of Google Glass
e A new face on A&E's reality show Duck Dynasty: Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal
b Wal-Mart Forecast Misses Estimates as Sales Slump Persists (4)
b China shares fall on financials and property, Hong Kong follows
b French satellite image also shows possible Malaysian plane debris
t Sony Follows Microsoft Into China With Its PlayStation Console
t Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 unveiled alongside three new Android siblings
e Seth MacFarlane Will Donate Up to $1M Towards "Reading Rainbow  ...
m Skin cancer rates soar in the North East as the search for the 'perfect tan' continues
e Here is the secret of success according to Taylor Swift
m MSDH confirms second West Nile Virus death in Mississippi
e Learn, You Will: Workman Taps Yoda and Friends for Workbook Line
e Mangalore: Maundy Thursday observed with great devotion
b Rock-star economist Thomas Piketty— tough on inequality, soft on elitism
t Facebook's Slingshot Goes International Just A Week After Official Launch
e Sherri Shepherd Gets Emotional On 'The View'
t Tesla to open source all its patents in the name of innovation
m Medical Marijuana Pills May Ease MS Symptoms
t Average gas price edges up in Yakima
e It's the Bard's 450th birthday: Have a favorite Shakespeare quote to share?
e SpongeBob: Sponge Out of Water trailer
e Casey Kasem's Body Still Hasn't Been Buried
b Stocks post modest gains as earnings roll in
t Xbox Originals coming this June
b Apple Agrees to Buy Beats for $3 Billion in Biggest-Ever Deal
m Smell And Eye Tests Show Potential To Detect Alzheimer's Early
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West Conceal Faces With Bandanas After Pre-Wedding  ...
e 'Lindsay' docu-series kicks off: Stop the chaos!
e Skidmore offers Miley Cyrus class, twerk-free
m Public Health Service OKs UA medical marijuana research
m Ebola Ruled Out: Canadian Man Remains Ill
t NASA Tests Flying Saucer
b Affordable Care Act advocates hope March 31 individual mandate sign-up date  ...
e Watch: ALS Ice Bucket Challenge on a horse fail
b US car company recalls millions of vehicles
b Russia slams UN resolution on Crimea's secession
e Henry Cavill Dons Superman Costume for His First Batman v. Superman Photo
t Revenue rise for Apple
b Techs tumble; investor warns of 'big pause'
b Loss of Sandpoint company goes beyond financial hit
m New Numbers From CDC Show Increase in Autism Diagnosis - NSU Has a  ...
t Websites fight back against Google 'right to be forgotten' requests
m FSIS Poultry Rule Requires More Pathogen Testing, Introduces Voluntary  ...
e Gwen Stefani replacing Christina Aguilera in 'The Voice' next season
b Musk's SolarCity to build enormous NY solar panel factory, as Tesla plans  ...
m The 21 Facial Expressions We All Pull Revealed
t FCC needs to fix net neutrality
b Michaels security breach, 2.6 million cards exposed
b World stocks slip from six-year high; euro yields fall
t Samsung new Gear 2 smartwatch
e Chris Martin and Ziyi Zhang star in Coldplay's romantic new 'Magic' video
e Video of the Day: See Seth Rogen and Zac Efron in drag
e Johnny Winter, who appeared here in February, dead at 70
b From Mulally to Fields, Ford Understands the Importance of Leadership Transition
b BlackBerry hit with $423 million loss
e 'Noah': from devastation to hope
t Auto recalls: Honda, Mazda and Nissan recall millions of vehicles over airbag  ...
m Aspirin against Heart Attacks Claims Doubtful - FDA
b Yahoo Inc shares rally as second-quarter sales forecast meets estimates
b Cabbies launch prosecution against six 'Uber' drivers
b No global economic crisis likely with Argentine debt default
b Opec oil demand to rise in '14 second half : IEA
e They wanted her, she didn't disappoint: Nicki Minaj sparkles at Fourth of July  ...
t What else should I be reading about Mars exploration?
e Fast & Furious 7 to complete Paul Walker scenes with CGI and body doubles
t Facebook under fresh fire for research practices
e Angelina Jolie And Stella McCartney Team Up
b Climate change could cost US "significant" economic loss, says report
b EUROPE MARKETS: Vodafone Gains In Europe; Euro Steady After ECB
e Prince William & Baby George Get Immortalized In Toblerone Form In Honor Of  ...
e Now Playing Live Movie Reviews: 'Tammy' vs. 'Deliver Us from Evil'
e Shailene Woodley Enjoys Shining Sunlight Where the Sun Don't Shine
m 4% Of Patients Acquired Infection Seeking Treatment In Hospitals
t Netflix bumps up monthly price by £1
e Big push into gaming brings out Amazon's gentler side
b Shoppers react to Market Basket upheaval
t A Strange New Respect for Markets
e Beyonce's wardrobe stars in her On the Run tour with Jay Z
e What 'The Normal Heart' Means Today
e Madonna Shows Off Long Armpit Hair To Fight Human Rights Violations
t Facebook blasted for conducting secret experiments on users
e Bill Murray turns up at stag party, gives tips on love
t Google buys Songza streaming music service
t WWE Main Event Ending its Run on This Week, More 'Mania Streak Details
t New HTC One M8 2014 vs iPhone 5s comparison review
e Slash attack on Japan girl group
e Chris Hemsworth, Elsa Pataky Reveal Names Of Their Twin Boys!
e Ariana Grande Is Not Afraid Of A Few F-Bombs
b Why Micron Technology (MU) Stock Is Still a 'Buy'
t Bike to Work Day
b Lilly Announces Agreement to Acquire Novartis Animal Health
t GM recalls Camaros for an ignition switch defect
b Amazon Fire Phone: Five things you need to...
e Robert Pattinson Says He and Kristen Stewart Are Still in Touch
b Credit Suisse pleads guilty to aiding tax evasion
t Facebook to release video sharing on Messenger app
e We Finally Got An Answer To Game Of Thrones' Oldest Mystery!
b Mt. Gox says it found 200000 bitcoins in 'forgotten' wallet
e Win a Simon Carter Queue for the Zoo shirt with Noah!
e Star Wars Expanded Universe No Longer Canon
t Sony Selling PS4 Spare Parts In Japan; No Plans Of Expanding Service to Other  ...
t UN climate report: global warming will impact global security
e Cinco de Mayo celebrations & other Southwest Florida events
e [TICON-A VIDEO] Rihanna outdoes herself in completely sheer crystal dress at  ...
m Melanoma Monday raises awareness about skin cancer
b Microsoft announces Office for iPad
e Homeland actor James Rebhorn dies
e Godzilla Sequel 'Already In Development'
m FDA releases proposed e-cigarette regulations
e Kiefer Sutherland 'optimistic, scared to death, and nervous' about new '24' season
t Pew Research Internet Center Conducts Study on Internet Threats
e 'Jupiter Ascending' pushed to 2015
t Charter Challenges Comcast-Time Warner Cable Tie in Proxy
e Royal romance made official
e Video: L'Wren Scott committed suicide, New York coroner rules new A post  ...
e Mickey Rooney Dies: 'Andy Hardy' Star, Legendary Actor Was 93
b Monday marks deadline to sign up for health insurance - WQOW TV: Eau Claire  ...
e Makeup Goes 'Graphic' at Versace
m With Ramadan coming up, vigilance is vital in containing Mers
b Hess unloads retail gas stations to Speedway
t New Motorola smartphone aims at crowded low-cost market
m High Blood Pressure: Tackling the Silent Killer
m UN seeks to calm Ebola fears in W.Africa
b Market Update: LyondellBasell Industries NV (NYSE:LYB) – LyondellBasell says  ...
m Ebola outbreak in Congo
e New Star Wars Clip Offers Chance To Win A Trip To Star Wars Set
e Poll: Ariana Grande's Fabulous Nickelodeon Kids Choice Awards Style
e Craig Ferguson Is Leaving The Late Late Show
b IMF lowers US growth forecast to 2 pct in 2014
t Mood experiment helps Facebook innovate a new way to creep-out users
e Lady Gaga channels the Pink Panther for a day out in New York
b Money Talks: How business may ultimately shape the Ukraine crisis
b Oregon Unemployment Rate Lowest Since August 2008
t US 'Net Neutrality' Goes Viral and Venal
e Fans react to Jessie J, Nicki Minaj and Ariana Grande's 'Bang Bang'
b Johnson Controls to Spin Off Automotive Interiors Into Venture
t ZeniMax sues Oculus VR for misuse of trade secrets
t Microsoft looks set to unveil Surface Pro 3 soon
t Gas Prices Hit Record Highs Across Parts Of Canada
t Will Amazon Find Success in Kindle Unlimited?
b M&A frenzy as Pfizer amasses AstraZeneca critics
m Liberia's president closes schools amid Ebola worries
m MERS Virus News Update: WHO Worried About Disease Spread With Upcoming  ...
e The Voice RECAP 5/20/14: Season 6 “Live Finale”
e Netflix launching on US cable
e Ryan Gosling's directoral debut, 'Lost River,' gets little love at Cannes
e This is why Madonna was not allowed to attend the Met Gala
e Next Captain America to be black
e 'Ice Bucket Challenge' Funds Spike To $94.3 Million
b Global economic momentum could be "less robust than expected": IMF chief
b Updated Starbucks App Lets Customers Tip via iPhone
e Pharrell Williams named coach ahead of 7th season of 'The Voice'
e Madonna Shows Up For Jury Duty, Releases Lyrics For New Song "Messiah"
e Zendaya's Departure Puts Aaliyah Biopic on Hold
b Jockey Club joins race to become world's best
t What We Put In Our Gas Tank Impacts What Comes Out of the Tailpipe
e Los Angeles mayor drops F-bomb in honour of Kings' Stanley Cup win
b What The Buy Side Expects From Home Depot On Tuesday (HD)
b France's BNP Paribas to take $9bn US sanctions hit
e Maksim Chmerkovskiy May Not Return to DWTS [Watch]
e Earp gun sells for $225000 at auction
e 'American Idol' eliminates Majesty Rose and determines Top 8 finalists
e 'Game of Thrones' showrunners on those season 4 finale twists
t UN climate change guidelines to balance science and politics
e Édgar Ramirez talks about making 'Deliver Us from Evil'
e DAMN! This Is Some Serious Shade! Sarah Michelle Gellar Totally Disses Kim  ...
b U.S. Stocks Waver in Choppy Trade
t Space dream: 'I want to be an astronaut'
t IBM deepens move into computer defence with new service
t 'Easter Dragon' has special delivery for space station
b Why Earnings Season Could Be Great for Aspen Insurance (AHL)
b Samsung's operating profit hits 2-year low in 2Q on strong won, weak  ...
t Tesco creates 'side show' from struggles with own brand smartphone plans
t Breaking news from the world of science
e First Photo Released From Fifty Shades Of Grey
t MIT Tech Review: Proposed Net Neutrality Rules Already Hurting Innovation
e 'Scandal' actor Columbus Short charged with battery in bar attack
e Drew Barrymore: Family is where you feel safe
b ASX up after volatile day
e Sultan of Brunei's hotels in Los Angeles targeted over sharia law
e Looks Like David Fincher Won't Be Directing That Steve Jobs Biopic After All
m Sanofi acquires over-the-counter rights for Cialis
m Hummus, dips, walnuts recalled for possible Listeria contamination
b Bill capping local taxes would cost city $300000
b Swiss National Bank Reaffirms Commitment on Currency Floor
e Mila Kunis pregnant; Drake beefs with Jay Z; 'God's Not Dead' movie: AM Buzz
b Uber, Lyft: Consider the disabled
b Putin in Vienna on 2nd trip to West during Ukraine crisis; Austria, Russia sign  ...
e Preparing for Easter
m (click the phrases to see a list)
t In-App Smartphone Purchases Probed in EU
m 'Forgotten' US smallpox vials found in cardboard box
b French press review 23 June 2014
e March 25, 2014: Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson Teases Upcoming DC Role
t Nest expands the Smart Home with $555 million Dropcam buy
t NASCAR Team Owner Spends $1 Million On New Corvette
b China And Russia Sign 30 Year Gas Deal
t Fire Phone, first 3-D Amazon Smartphone Unveiled
b Stabilization Can Push Hewlett-Packard To $37 (HPQ)
e Jamie Foxx puts a charge into 'Spider-Man 2'
e Etc.: Good Weekend
t Impact of rising temperatures identified in climate report
e Ashton and Mila expecting
b Envoy Underlines Full Transparency of Iran's Nuclear Activities
e Lucy Hale & Sarah Hyland Are Two Gorgeous Gals at the Billboard Music  ...
e Maya Angelou dead at 86
b India's Sun Pharma buys troubled drugmaker Ranbaxy in $4 billion deal
t Samsung's new Galaxy Tablet S trounces Apple iPad Air
t T-Mobile drops overage fees, asks rivals to follow
b Sterling hits heights after Mark Carney hints at interest rate rise
t The Microsoft built Windows Phone era is about to begin – can it save Windows  ...
e Ice Cube downplays MTV Movie Awards 'robbed' comment, denies Paul Walker  ...
t Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Education rugged tablet
e Kim Kardashian slams idea that women can't have it all
m Most skin cancers can be prevented
e Get on Up: Tale creates a thrilling depiction of soul icon James Brown
b AstraZeneca makes its case for denying $106B Pfizer offer
b ECB officials worry about EU banks facing US fines
e Boy Scouts Save Ann Curry From Hiking Accident in New York
b Time is running out to get covered through the Affordable Healthcare Act
e First Lady Michelle Obama To Appear On May Episode Of 'Nashville'
t Getting the right answer
b Well water tests worry homeowners living in shadows of Duke coal ash dump
t VIDEO: OkCupid Shuts Out Firefox Users Over Mozilla's New CEO
e George Clooney's mom is 'happy' about his engagement!
b Japan eases arms export restrictions after 50 years
b Those little microbeads in your soap are plastic, and they're damaging the  ...
m FDA Panel Recommends Afrezza Approval
m Why Your Spouse May Be 'Hangry' for a Fight
e Kristen Stewart, Anne Hathaway
e Nobody's looking at the hair! Kim Kardashian's got blonde ambition as she  ...
e Chronic Back Problem Forces Billy Dee Williams Out Of 'Dancing With The Stars'
b Caterpillar accused of dodging taxes
e Kickstarter campaign for potato salad cash goes viral
m Medical workers deserve admiration, not ridicule
e Ciara - Ciara celebrates baby shower with Kim Kardashian
e Four years of Hangout Fest: What was your favorite festival memory?
m Blue lights shine for autism awareness
b International markets roundup
b Why US Gas Prices Are Probably Going Up As A Result Of Iraq, Despite America  ...
b Janet Yellen's Security Detail Infuriates Gated Community
t Meet the 'chicken from hell' dinosaur that was lunch for T. rex
b Alibaba to make IPO debut in US for $130 billion valuation
e Singing of freedom
e Harrison Ford's injury likely changes Star Wars filming plan
e Angelina Jolie Knows She's In No Position To Complain About Being A Working  ...
m Other STAP questions unanswered
t NASA's space station humanoid Robonaut is finally getting legs
t Google rolls out modified Android OS for wearables
e Madonna Grows Armpit Hair and Proudly Shows It Off
b Roundup: Yellen signals continuity on easy monetary policy, cautious on rate rise
m 3-D imaging improves breast cancer detection
t Surface survives Microsoft cuts, but tablet strategy remains muddled
b Citigroup may pay US$7 bln to resolve mortgage probes - source
b Fed Stress Test Shows 29 of 30 Banks Meet or Top Capital Target
b Greek government moves to end power utility employees' strike over  ...
e A 'Full House' Reboot Might Be Happening, And The Original Cast Is On Board
b SanDisk (NASDAQ:SNDK) Acquires Fusion-io (NYSE:FIO) for $ 1.1 Billion in Cash
m FDA Gives Green Signal to Robotic Arm Capable of Performing Complex Tasks
e Seth Rogan comedy 'an act of war'
t Windows 8.1 with Bing announced for hardware manufacturers, aimed at low  ...
e Justin Bieber accepts plea deal in DUI case
b S&P 500 Movers: FMC, TEG
e Hello, Lady? "Hello Kitty" is not a cat after all
t Netflix hikes monthly cost by $1 for new subscribers
b American Express profit rises; sales falls short
e Tony Bennett - Tony Bennett designed Lady Gaga's new tattoo
e Five reasons why Cats seems to enjoy nine lives
b AT&T To Acquire Broadcast Provider DirecTV
e Partying Like Justin Bieber: Selena Gomez's Loud House Party Causes  ...
t Why koalas hug trees
e Miley Cyrus Rolls Joint, Gets "High as F-ck" with Wayne Coyne
e ABC: David Muir replacing Diane Sawyer at 'World News'
b Bank of China leasing unit to expand fleet with 82 Boeings
m Gym Tells Woman to Cover Up Because Her Toned Body Intimidates Other  ...
t Facebook: WhatsApp deal cleared by regulators
t iJackers hit Australian Apple devices with ransom demands
b UPDATE 4-Small is beautiful for Coca-Cola as volumes soar in China
e Chris Martin sings of infidelity amidst split with Gwyneth Paltrow
e A grim reminder of the rise of AIDS
t Gene Munster Calls Apple's $3.2 Billion Purchase Of Beats An 'Acquihire'
t Google Glass News: You Could Find Them at Work or Museums
e Jase Robertson Of Duck Dynasty Was A Virgin On Wedding Night
b Cray earnings slip
b Gold Rises as Dollar Set for Longest Slump in Seven Weeks
m Durham drug company under pressure to provide experimental drug to ailing 7  ...
b HSBC Mortgage Interest Rates Edge Up Friday Mar 21
m Putnam County's overall health outcomes and health factors were each fourth in  ...
b US open: Stocks fall as Fed officials speak ahead of minutes
m Pfizer Sell-Off on Breast Cancer Drug News Unwarranted
e Jessie J's 'Bang Bang' Featuring Ariana Grande, Nicki Minaj Now Available On  ...
b AbbVie hikes bid for drugmaker Shire to $51 billion
e Lindsay Lohan Misses Her AA Meeting, Blames Paparazzi On Premiere Of OWN  ...
b Outlook: Resources & US records look to lift ASX
t FCC Chairman not happy about Dodgers TV situation
m Child Mental Health Awareness Day Focused On Developing Minds
t Nokia removes Lumia 2520 from market
b Bank of America Corp (NYSE:BAC)'s Legal Costs Masked Its Actual Performance
b Oil nears $107
b ECB comment lifts Europe, flattens US
t Microsoft have been reading people's private emails
e Drake And Chris Brown Will Appear In A Skit For The ESPYs
e Meet the teen hunter who kills exotic animals and posts pictures on
b Tesla Motors Inc. (TSLA) Is Sharply Lower Following Q1 Report
b Ukraine: Crimea Bases Under Russian Control
e Officials not surprised Lucas refused SF's offer
e Kanye Gets Kim Kardashian The Vogue Cover: Black Twitter Responds [TWEETS]
e Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction night's high notes and clunkers
t Amazon launches unlimited e-book subscript
t Apple and IBM Team Up for Major New Partnership
e Mobile's Underhill Family Orchestra comes out swinging at Hangout Fest
e World red-hot for Disney's Frozen
b UN seeks flight-tracking solution after MH370 loss
e Noah and the Ark: Biblical story reaches epic proportions in Blockbuster movie
e Mila Kunis avoids engagement questions at film event
e AM BUZZ: Kanye's 1st Father's Day; The Carters' BK Day Out; Halle Berry  ...
t Time running out to stop global warming - IPCC
b GM recalls 1.55 million vehicles
t Apple may introduce wearable device on Sept. 9
t UPDATE 1-Google removes first search results after EU ruling
m Fist-bump your doctor? Handshakes spread a lot of germs, study finds
e Bill Mattos: Celebrating the resurrection and promise of eternal life
e One Direction's lawyers looking into leaked video of 2 members smoking 'illegal  ...
e Sum 41 singer: If I have one drink, 'I will die'
b Next-gen Ram pickup put off until 2017
t Android Wear smartwatch platform announced: LG and Motorola on board
e Watch: Stewart & Colbert Fight for a Role in 'Star Wars: Episode VII'
m US doctors urge parents to read to babies
t Chase Achievements with Xbox One's snappy July update
e Generations collide in new 'X-Men' movie
b Sterling climbs vs euro after ECB signals it is ready to act
t WWDC, Surface Pro 3, stolen passwords and shared pictures
e Kim Kardashian's Wedding
b Stocks manage meager gains
e Report: Selena Gomez Fires Her Parents as Managers
b Latest Big Pharma Merger Sees Bayer Buy Merck Unit For $14.2B
b Capital One, BoA Mortgage Interest Rates Sunday Jun 29, 2014
b ObamaCare site began deadline day offline
b Publishers, public meet at BookExpo America
m People seek out friends with common DNA
e Rapper Rick Ross arrested after concert in US because of prior marijuana case
t Report: Live-Action "Halo" Series Coming to Showtime Before Xbox
e Boyle wants DiCaprio to play lead role in Steve Jobs biopic
m HAMAR: Danger will have different look in 2015
e Rolf Harris jailed for sex offences
t GM, NHTSA did not recall Saturn Ion for years despite knowledge of problems  ...
e Captain America: The Winter Soldier leads UK box office - top 10
e Interview: Dom Hemingway Director Richard Shepard on Manly Men and 'Girls'
t Google partners Micromax, Karbonn, Spice for low-cost smartphone
t UFO Spotters Are Very Excited About This Suspicious NASA Photo from Mars
b Carney confirmsBank neutrality on currency union
m Your Friends Are as Similar as 4th Cousins, UCSD Study Finds
e Solange got into argument before fight
m Marijuana Use May Increase Risk Of Heart Problems
b OPEC secretary general says no shortage of oil
b Gold holds below $1300 on interest rate fears
b Tesco set for another profit fall – how?
e Powdered alcohol approval issued in error
e Amal Alamuddin Law Firm Confirms George Clooney Engagement, Sends  ...
e Say Goodbye to These 4 Saturday Night Live Cast Members
e 'Oculus' a step away from being superior
t Majority willing to risk wellbeing to retrieve stolen phones
b Turkey blocks Twitter days before vote as PM fights scandal
e NIGERIA: Ahmed, Sara: Kwara State Governor, Alhaji Ab
e Hughston Clinic takes Ice Bucket Challenge, raises awareness for ALS
t WoW's Warlords of Draenor has already sold 1M copies, and it's not even out yet
m Global life expectancy rises again, but new challenges loom
e Shrill comedy is just not funny
t Apple: Street Lauds IBM Deal; Goldman Ups Target to $107; Piper Skeptical
b Tokyo stocks close up 0.57% at new six-month high
b Markets not sweet on King
m There's a Scientific Reason Why Dance Music Always Sounds Better on Ecstasy
e Demi Lovato honors gay grandfather
m Twin Girls with Rare Condition Born Holding Hands in Ohio
b Options Expiration Week Hardly An Automatic Downer For Stocks
t Gas prices fall 2 cents per gallon in RI
b Seabed of new jet search zone mostly flat with 1 trench, mostly good news for  ...
b How clean is your beach's water?
t BREAKINGVIEWS-FCC opts for net reality over neutrality
b Argentine debt could pressure soybean prices
e Gotham: First trailer for new Batman prequel series unveiled - watch
b Flight MH370: Underwater sound examined for links to missing Malaysian Plane
e Jay Z and Beyonce On the Run tour review: 'A two-and-a-half hour joyride'
t NFL Sunday Ticket streaming will be available without DirecTV
e Record Store Day events include music, food — and actual records
b East and West 'divided by farming'
t Apple to launch 8GB iPhone 5c: Rumors
b Gold extends losses to 4th session; fund outflows continue
b Twitter surges as Costolo makes case for future growth
b Good Luck Collecting the $50 Billion
b Euro Bears Look to Be Right as Futures Show Shift
e Kimchi Truong, 24, dies from overdose after collapsing at Coachella
b Gold And Silver Beat Stocks, Best First-Half Since 2011 After "Surge in Bullish  ...
t NASA Will Make Oxygen From CO2 On the Surface of Mars
m Nickel in iPads can Trigger Allergic Reactions
e Mark Wahlberg Brings Kids Ella, Michael, Brendan, Wife Rhea Durham to  ...
t Google to Produce Project Tango 3D Imaging Tablet
e DreamWorksTV makes debut with about a dozen new shows
e San Diego Comic-Con threatens Salt Lake convention with legal battle
t Net Neutrality Is Critical but Boring, Let John Oliver's Hilarious Take Unleash  ...
t Scientists Discover How Octopuses Avoid Tying Themselves In Knots
e Rachel Weisz in talks for Olivier Assayas's heist movie Idol's Eye
e Mayweather and rapper T.I.'s collision course of clubbing, strippers and burgers
b Reports: Ford Motor Co. to make CEO succession announcement
e Nick Cannon talks past lovers, 'great' Kim Kardashian
t Democracy Now! 2014-05-07 Wednesday
b JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon says he has throat cancer
e Transcendence Has Some Of The Dumbest Smart People We've Ever Seen
t Gas prices continue downward trend
t Including Kinect was 'the right call,' says Microsoft exec
b CURRENCIES: Euro Rises Against Dollar After ECB On Hold
t AP News in Brief at 5:58 a.m. EDT
b Revamping Maryland Health Insurance Exchange
e Mrs. Doubtfire Set To Return
b Economic momentum 'less robust'
b AT&T to acquire DirecTV and its 20 million satellite TV subscribers
m FDA Panel Says Yes to Inhaled Insulin Device
t Google Pokemon April Fools Day: Here's How iPhone and Android Users Can  ...
t Sony PlayStation 4 on the rise: Seven million units sold, future update en route
t Lockheed-Boeing venture says rocket launch costs lower than claimed by rival
e Video: Cast of new Star Wars film unveiled
e Rosario Dawson Gets Silly With Her Green Cape Dress At Comic-Con!
b Deadline to file taxes quickly approaching
b Samsung's Smartphones Falter, Profits Fall, Against Chinese Rivals
e Khloe Kardashian Celebrates In Sexy Sequins For Her Birthday In Las Vegas  ...
t iPhone 6 delay rumour as hype heats up
e Screen legend and civil rights activist Ruby Dee passes away at 91
b UPDATE 4-AT&T in talks to buy DirecTV for nearly $50 bln -sources
e Jay Leno References Charles Dickens Novel After Winning Mark Twain Humor  ...
b April 10: Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos gives update on online retailer's drone  ...
e SXSW Crash Victim Gets Private Hospital Concert
e Willow Smith: Will Smith's 13-Year-Old Daughter Caught in Bed with Older Man  ...
t TECH STOCKS: Apple's A Rare Gainer As Most Techs Tumble
t Editorial: FCC proposes equal access to Internet, but some can be more equal  ...
e Columbus Short hit with restraining order
e Lena Dunham deletes and apologizes for molestation tweet
b GE Reportedly Mulls Selling Train Signal Business To Alstom
m Stem Cell Nuclei Act Like Tiny Sponges
e Nicola Peltz sacrificed for Transformers
e Walter Dean Myers dead: Children's author was 76
t Why Would Apple Pay $3.2 Billion For Beats Electronics?
b $400B Chinese-Russia deal 'complicates' new LNG projects
t Facebook expands privacy checkup tool; meet the 'Zuckasaurus'
t Microsoft Being Probed in China Allegedly for Anti-trust
t 10 Things to Know: This Week's Takeaways
b US pending home sales surge
e Mother's Day Songs That Will Make You Call Your Mom Right Now
t Friday the 13th and a full moon: Rare occurrence that won't happen again until  ...
b Hang Seng tumbles on rates rise hint
b March retail sales slip from historic high
t European Commission chastens Google, Samsung for abusing smart phone  ...
e Jay Z and Beyonce Turn Violent in Star Studded 'On the Run' Tour Video
m What we can do to prevent measles and whooping cough
e Meshach Taylor Dies
m State police hold prescription drug take back
b Greece To Get EUR 8.3 Billion Bailout Fund In 3 Installments
t Heartbleed security bug compromises vast portion of Internet traffic
e Injured SXSW fan gets private concert in hospital
m Honoring Women with Metastatic Breast Cancer For Mother's Day
t Google Deleting Controversial Search Results
m E. coli detected in Portland, Oregon, water supply
t WWE Network Ready for International Rollout to Pin Down New Subscribers
e Chicago to get filmmaker Lucas' museum -mayor's office
t Xbox One to be sold in Chinese mainland from September
e Bill Murray Crashes Random Bachelor Party & Doles Out Awesome Advice
e Remembering Farley Mowat
e 9 ways to make yourself happier
t PC market decline slowing, says Gartner
e UFC Legend Offers to Train Orlando Bloom, Says Floyd Mayweather Jr. Might be  ...
b Who Are Alibaba's 27 Partners?
m Evansville Crews Spraying for Mosquitos Wednesday
e The Landing Page for Silicon Valley's Pied Piper Is Live (And Also Hilarious)
e Peaches Geldof: a life in pictures
m As Antidepressant Warnings Toughened, Teen Suicide Attempts Rose: Study
e Keibler wishes Clooney the best
b SecondMarket and Pantera Get Outbid in Bitcoin Auction
e NZ women tell Maggie Barry of abuse by Rolf Harris
e Brody Jenner Denies Ever Having A Crush On Kim Kardashian But Calls Out His  ...
t Google's Android TV controller looks like an Xbox One gamepad with  ...
e LeVar Burton Asks for the Internet's Help To Bring Back Reading Rainbow
e Running of the Bulls Festival kicks off in Pamplona,Spain
t Blackshades hacking collective raided
m 400000 Children To Get Free Meals This Summer
t Is This the First Official Shot of the HTC One Mini 2?
e Oh Baby! Hayden Panettiere is Pregnant, Boyfriend Wladimir Klitschko to be a  ...
e The first trailer for Gone Girl features Ben Affleck, eerie cover song
b A whistleblower and a cash problem: Caterpillar's Swiss tax adventures
b Video Of Sen. Blumenthal's Near Miss With Amtrak Train Goes Viral
e Morning Jolt: Lupita Nyong'o named 'Most Beautiful' by People
e Drew Barrymore has second daughter
b Report: American Apparel's suspended CEO seeks arbitration hearing
e Kylie And Kendall Jenner Made Surprisingly Good Hosts At MuchMusic Video  ...
t See That? It's Apparently a Mysterious Light From Mars That So Far Has No  ...
b What will Coldwater closing mean to Sandpoint?
t Antarctic glaciers melting "unstoppable:" study
b Boeing pulls in $965M profit on speeding up jet manufacturing
t FTC Lawsuit Unlikely to Derail T-Mobile, Sprint Merger
b BP warns of Russia sanctions impact
b Gold marks time after recent decline
e Cannes review: Lost River - Ryan Gosling flounders with directorial debut
e TMZ: Tracy Morgan shows signs of improvement
b FBI LAUNCHES PROBE INTO HIGH SPEED TRADING Which some claim has  ...
b Iraq crisis: Markets 'on edge' over oil prices as violence continues
t Apple's 'green guru' reports worse carbon footprint on same day she releases  ...
t JD.com, Tencent take early Xbox preorders in China
b FOREX-Dollar starts new quarter on the backfoot, Aussie eyes RBA
e THE BACHELORETTE: RECAP FOR JULY 28, 2014
b Where are USA's most walkable cities?
b Lithuania Tribune: Speech by Andrei Illarionov at NATO PA Session in Vilnius
m Nigerian Government Vows to Find Kidnapped Girls
b Posted by Shoaib-ur-Rehman Siddiqui
t NASA Pluto-Bound Spacecraft Crosses Neptune's Orbit
m Deadly Ebola could affect up to 20000 people, say world health chiefs as they  ...
t Friday the 13th and Full Moon Coincide
e George Clooney Curses Out Steve Wynn for Calling Pres. Obama an 'A**hole'
b Bank of America fined $1.3 bn for mortgage fraud
e Kardashian family and friends arrive in Paris ahead of wedding - pictures
t Google, Apple agree to end patent war
b Rockwell Collins Inc.: Rockwell Collins Named As A 2014 World's Most Ethical  ...
e Craig Ferguson announces retirement from The Late Late Show and calls split  ...
m 1.8M Pounds of Ground Beef Recalled
e Here Comes the Bride…Eventually? Castle Season 6 Finale Spoilers – UPDATED!
e Mad Men 705: Not With a Bang, But a Nipple
e Justin Bieber strikes plea deal in Miami Beach
e Blue Ivy at the VMAs is adorable, but you still don't get to objectify her
e Miley Cyrus strips totally topless and models Cameron Diaz's hair in There's  ...
e Robin Roberts releases tell-all memoir
e 'True Detective' writer unveils Season 2 details
b Southwest expands flight ops leadership
t Editorial: Climate change means danger ahead
b Lies of Obamacare special edition
t World is getting warmer, says global climate report (Update)
t Android Wear: Here's What Google's Smartwatch Interface Looks Like
e 'How I Met Your Mother': Series Finale Recap
b Wall Street closes higher
t Ford Mustang hits 50th anniversary
e Prince announces new album and deluxe 'Purple Rain' reissue
e Macaulay Culkin Booed Off Stage in Nottingham, Pelted With Beer
b Asian and European industrial health under scrutiny this week
e Model: Terry Richardson Offered to Trade Vogue Shoot For Sex
m Aspirin to Prevent Heart Attack Should Be Limited, FDA Says (2)
t WWDC 2014 update: Apple confirms iOS 8 and OS X 10.10 appearance  ...
e Game of Thrones: Arya, The Hound go on mini killing spree in Mockingbird (GIF)
t GM safety crisis grows with recall of 3mn more cars for ignition issues
t Apple hired Swiss Watch Company for their upcoming iWatch
t eBay hack forces users to change passwords
t Xbox One Sells 5 Million
t Amazon: Parents got refunds over in-app purchases
e Mila Kunis Shows Off Flawless Makeup On 'Marie Claire' Cover
m Miss Delaware and More in Main Event
b Southwest launches first international service
b China's tech firms are counting on single men to watch more live karaoke online
e Disney Channel introduces 'Girl Meets World' on Friday
e WATCH Drake, Blake Griffin & Chris Brown In Hilarious ESPYs Skit
e Fallout From Devin's House Meeting Causes More Drama
b Eurozone Inflation Drop Seals Deal For ECB
e Crash survivor gets private concert from favorite band
e 'Game of Thrones': Relive the Purple Wedding with these 16 photos
t PlayStation 4 Sells Almost 75% More Units Than Xbox One in April
e Miss Nevada USA organization under fire
e Lee Marshall Dead: Voice of Kellogg's Tony the Tiger Dies at 64
e New anti-gay remarks by 'Duck Dynasty' star Phil Robertson emerge
e Legends of Oz: Dorothy's Return Review: Mellow Brick Road
b Investors: Listen to the Fed's Contrarian
b Posted by Imaduddin
e Charlize Theron Talks New Mexico Journey With “A Million Ways To Die In The  ...
b Kroger eyes two growing trends with Vitacost deal
e Kate Middleton Makes Hilarious Faces at Wimbledon Championships With  ...
e Pat Patterson Comes Out As Gay: WWE Legend Makes Emotional Speech on  ...
m San Francisco Presses Feds to End Ban on Gay Male Blood Donations
b US stocks rally following Fed-speak
t 'Titanfall' Pushes Strong Xbox One Sales in the UK (MSFT)
e Lionsgate (LGF) Gains After Reporting Strategic Deal with Alibaba
t Sony's 'Project Morpheus' VR Headset And The Uncertain Future Of Virtual Reality
b Supreme Court Takes Up Drug Company Dispute
t Next-gen Chevrolet Cruze Interior Revealed
e Boyband One Direction caught smoking weed on tour, will be possibly banned  ...
e Lana Del Rey performs for Kim Kardashian and Kanye West ahead of their  ...
e 'American Horror Story': Kathy Bates and Sarah Paulson talk 'Coven' FX magic
b Gas prices are all over the map
t Apple plans to release 'Smart Home' software in June
m Samaritan's Purse takes precautions but keeps workers on front lines to fight Ebola
b French bank BNP guilty of US sanctions violations
m As countries get richer, their inhabitants get fatter, OECD finds
e BET Awards: Hits and a Lionel Richie miss
e Captain America Star Chris Evans Says He Will Basically Quit Acting
b Musk on Gigafactory planning: 'We are getting quite advanced'
t Samsung May Have a Standalone Smartwatch and VR Headset Coming
t Surface Pro 3 may be announced next week, support page suggests
b King.com's insane $7.6 billion valuation could lay the ground for a good-old  ...
e Kris Jenner pole dances on TV show
b Johnson Controls (JCI) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Friday
m The US Just Found Some Rogue Smallpox In a Closet, No Big Deal
m New Lilly Drug Promising Against Metastatic Breast Cancer
e Prince Confirms New Album & Purple Rain Reissue
e David Letterman Meets His Replacement Stephen Colbert — See It Here!
e Steve Carell impresses as 'Foxcatcher' debuts at Cannes
b China April fiscal revenues up 9.2pc yr/yr
t Money key to unlocking new U.N. climate deal, activists say
b 'Catastrophic' it is!
b Janet Yellen confirms she won't raise interest rates
e Mike Pellerito on Archie's kids line
e Box Office: 'Rio 2′ Flies Past 'Captain America' on Friday
e Source Defends Lamar Odom 'Weight Gain'
t Will Microsoft's Deals with China Telecom and JD.com Boost Xbox One Sales?
t Driverless cars to be allowed on UK roads in 2015
b Carney signals UK rate hike
e Bieber claimed foot fracture at DUI test: Cops
t Shazam names that tune on Google Glass, but only in the UK
m Veteran access to rural health care at heart of congressional concern in ongoing  ...
t Amazon: Read as much as you want for $9.99
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4-inch and 10.5-inch tablets launched in India, prices  ...
t Samsung calls Google to its defence in $2bn Apple trial
t Samsung, LG launch Google smartwatches
b US dollar gains on upbeat private sector jobs data
e Weekend Box Office: 'Neighbors' Move In
t 16GB version of OnePlus One delayed in favor of 64GB version
e Warner Bros announce 'Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice'
b CURL: We overhauled U.S. health care — to insure 4.2 million people?
e Will Smith Is Totally Fine With Willow Smith's Sexy Bedroom Photo
t US to witness total lunar eclipse on April 15 before dawn
m iPhone Used to Create Promising Bionic Pancreas
e This Is What Rihanna and Anna Wintour Would Text Each Other (Video)
t Best Buy Offers Exclusive Blue Type Cover For Surface Pro 3 Pre-Orders
e Why People Are Calling Kanye West A …. Vampire!
t Supreme Court ruling: Aereo streaming is illegal
e 'Dancing With the Stars' Recap: Don't You Wanna Danica?
e Usher dances through 'She Came To Give It To You' with Nicki Minaj at MTV VMAs
e The lucky Red Carpets
e Congrats! Isaac Hanson And Wife Welcome A Baby Girl!
e “X-Men: Days of Future Past” returns to familiar franchise themes
b JPM Chairman/CEO Diagnosed With Cancer and More
b Marketwired to stop selling to high-frequency traders
e Lisa Rinna at 'Veronica Mars' Los Angeles Premiere
e Chinese Ming Dynasty 'chicken cup' smashes sale record
t Google and Apple appeals are dismissed
e Google, Jay Z, Airbnb among 2014 Webby winners
b US Ship Arrives in Italy to Load Syrian Chemical Weapons
b Ex-Im Bank and the bigger fight against cronyism
t NASA launches satellite to study CO2 -- the atmosphere's main anthropogenic  ...
b E-Commerce Stores Have Competitive Edge When They Don't Collect Sales Tax
e A Roundup of All the Kardashian Drama This Week: July 5, 2014
t Google turns its logo into giant Rubik's Cube
m Spring allergies
b Today in the News: White House may ban selfies
t Samsung ordered to pay Apple $119m, but who's winning the fight?
e Angelina Jolie is Now Royalty
t Whatsapp founder says Facebook won't spoil its privacy stance
e LeVar Burton wants to revive 'Reading Rainbow' on Kickstarter … and we're in awe
t Mercedes Benz and BMW recall cars in the US
e 'Game Of Thrones' Season 4 SPOILERS: Why Was Lady Stoneheart MISSING  ...
t Stephen Arthuro Solis-Reyes, 19, Charged In CRA 'Heartbleed' Data Breach
t Is Google Glass Cool? One Tech Expert Says "No"!
t Post-Heartbleed: Government Approves Cyber Threat Data Sharing Rules
e Lorde's “Tennis Court” Rises Ahead of Billboard Music Awards Performance
m Hypertension ails 7.2% women
t Gas prices continue to fall
b WTO fails to agree key trade deal
b Bulgaria's Long Run Problems
b US Federal Reserve July Beige Book Summary (Text)
e Frank Darabont in talks to direct 'Snow White and the Huntsman' sequel
t Democrat bill introduced to prevent 'creation of a two-tiered Internet system'
e 'The Bachelorette' Episode 5 Bumped Back a Week & Here's Why
e Kendall Jenner Covers Her Lady Parts With A Bejeweled Mud Flap On The Red  ...
b Gold price hovers below 3-month high
b Samsung Q2 operating profit shrinks to two-year low
t VIDEO: Netflix CEO Calls For Net Neutrality, Blasts Abusive ISPs
t Walmart Permanently Discounts iPhone 5c to $29 and iPhone 5s to $99 [Updated]
e Will Beyonce + Jay Z Tour Together This Summer?
b Survey: President Obama's health insurance gains pick up
e Teen hunter ignites Facebook firestorm
b Mt. Gox files for US bankruptcy protection
b Miscreant IRS Employees Get Bonuses
b The US Jobs Market Just Accomplished Something It Hasn't Done Since 1997
t Amazon defends policy on in-app purchases made by kids
b Yahoo! Rating Lowered to Neutral at Citigroup Inc. (YHOO)
m Concussion rates double among high school athletes
e 'The Bachelorette 2014' spoilers: Andi's overnight dates bring an early goodbye
e Game of Thrones stars attend New York premiere
t Samsung to introduce stand-alone Smartwatch
e Game of Thrones Review: The Great Kangaroo Court of Westeros
t Express Yourself With The Updated Tumblr iOS App
e Webby awards show interactive internet sites are as popular as ever
t Tuesday morning eclipse likely obscured by clouds
t The Huawei Ascend P7 Is Official
e Judge Joe Brown arrested: Brown sentenced to jail for contempt of court
t Google to tap emerging markets with low-cost smartphone
m Ebola 'ruled out' in Ghana girl, Guinea and Liberia numbers grow
b April Existing-Home Sales Show Modest Improvement Behind Gaining Inventory
t Facebook kills the doppleganging duo Poke and Camera
e Mick Jagger 'Struggling' With Scott's Death
b Toyota to move headquarters from California to Texas
b Wall Street flat as Ukraine offsets Apple rally
e Lindsay Lohan Suing Grand Theft Auto V Makers
b 10-cent grocery bag fee proposed in New York City - New York News
b LEAD: Former Anglo Irish Bank found not guilty of fraud charges By Fiona Smith  ...
b Wal-Mart, seeking to drive customer traffic, enters the money transfer business  ...
b Ex-CEO of American Apparel in bid for control of company
e Lindsay Lohan - Lindsay Lohan Left Bruised After Birthday Bike Ride
b ECB Talking Heads May Give EURO Clues
e Box Office: X-Men Dominates Holiday Weekend
t Man-made global warming could be irreversible, leaked IPCC report claims
e Late-night comedian leaving E! at end of year
b Tax Time: Cough It Up, Choppers
t Red Hat drops ManageIQ into the OpenStack mix | #OpenStackSummit
t Mellanox gives InfiniBand a 5 BILLION PACKET/sec cloud dose
e Actress Amy Adams Gives Up 1st Class Seat to Soldier on Detroit Flight
e Shia LaBeouf, Transformers actor, arrested in New York City: police
b Emerging equity strength
t AAA: State gas prices reach highest average recorded price this year
b Today's mortgage interest rates 30 and 15 year fixed dip; Housing Sector News  ...
t In a first, two exoplanets to soon die
m Placement of Baby Doesn't Matter in Delayed Cord Clamping
m PTSD added to Michigan's medical marijuana program
t The GWPF bemoans state of climate debate – while promoting antagonism
e Put Katherine Webb on Lock Down
t NASA Posts 'Global Selfie' From Thousands of Earth Day Submissions
t Tim Cook Calls New Book On Apple “Nonsense”
m News Scan for Mar 17, 2014
b Ross Douthat: Marx is back, but he's playing to a small house
e Adam Richman Instagram War Costs Him New Show
b Roche to buy US biotech firm Seragon for up to $1.7 bln
e Watch How Khloe Kardashian Slams Kim In Mud Fight!
m Mathematical App Speeds Jet-Lag Recovery
t Nest re-launches Protect fire alarm, with waving mode disabled
t Android 5.0 Won't Be Lollipop But Lychee Instead (Rumor)
e Mila on Ashton: 'All of a Sudden, It Wasn't the Same'
e 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' risked disappointing its fans. But it's no letdown.
e 2 members of Japanese pop group AKB48
e Amal played 'hard to get' with George?
e HBO might finish Game of Thrones before author Martin does
e Richard Gere quietly dating Padma Lakshmi
e First image of Cavill as Superman
b SC to pronounce order today on fresh plea of Sahara chief Subrata Roy
b Amazon.com Inc, Twitter Inc team up to let users shop from #AmazonCart hashtag
t Wii U will let you purchase items using compatible transport money cards
e Brian Williams Finally Confronts Jimmy Fallon About Those Pesky Rapping  ...
b Stocks fall sharply in US as investors respond to weak earnings; Whole Foods  ...
b AT&T plans to acquire DirecTV for $48.5B -- with a net neutrality promise
b EU clears Bulgaria's credit line to shore up banks
t Oracle Buys MICROS Systems
t New Apple software to turn iPhone into 'remote control for the home'
b Is deflation such a bad thing?
b Washington state pot sales begin tomorrow
b Japan factory output fall underscores uneven recovery
b Apple seeks to regain cool with $3B Beats buy
e Weekend Report: Moviegoers Climb Aboard 'Noah's Ark
e Brad Paisley Joins Long List of Westboro Baptist Church-Protesting Musicians  ...
t Samsung Galaxy Grand Neo (Duos) vs Motorola Moto G (Dual SIM) - Price and  ...
t Is iPhone 4 Still A Good Buy?
e 'The Voice': What We Learned From Top 10 Eliminations
m 'Don't wash raw chicken,' food experts in Bradford warn
e Did Kaley Cuoco Cut Her Hair? See the Photo Fake Out
e Lindsay Lohan Admits 'I've Been Very Close' to Relapsing
b EDITORIAL: The economic climate
m Hepatitis A Risk at Springfield Missouri Red Robin
e Johnny Depp confirms Amber Heard engagement
e Sofia Vergara 'dating' Manganiello
e The Wizarding World Of Harry Potter - Diagon Alley Is A 'Sensory Overload'
t New meteor shower might light up Ontario skies
e Miranda Lambert Explains Why She Gave Carrie Underwood a Motorcycle
e Get the Most Popular Beauty World News Stories in a Weekly Newsletter
t Yellow sac spiders prompt second Mazda recall due to fire risk
e Zeytinoglu: Marquez's influence extends beyond literature
b China May Ban IBM Servers Amid Escalating Cyber War With US
b Hyundai Teases ix25 Compact SUV
e Why Did TI and Floyd Mayweather Get In A Fight?
b Once-soaring tech stocks sink in sobering comedown; bubble worries escalate
t GM recalls another 8.2 million cars, including 700000 in Canada, for ignition  ...
e More than 80000 people party at Israel gay pride parade, largest of its kind in  ...
b BlackBerry CEO Chen goes after leakers
t OkCupid Smugly Reveals It's Been F*cking With Your Mind and Love Life
b US stocks move lower; Deere sinks
e Security guard trampled at Miami Ultra Fest is in critical condition
t Google Takes their Glass Vision to Smart Contact Lenses in the Blink of an Eye
t OS X 10.10 Release Date, Concept & Features: Top 4 Specs of the New Apple  ...
b Australian prime minister confident sounds are from MH370 black box
b IBM Earnings Preview: Focus On Revenues For Future Growth Indication
t Apple Posts New 'Better' Video Highlighting Efforts to Reduce Its Impact on the  ...
b Allergan Shareholders Cool to Latest Valeant Bid
e Living Single: Miranda Kerr Gets Cheeky For British GQ (NSFW PHOTOS)
t Warning: Hackers can tap USB devices
b Hong Kong shares rise, Chinese telecoms strong
t Net-a-Porter to Sell Google Glass
t Facebook moves into fitness market with acquisition of Moves app
b Funds Look to Make Room for Alibaba With Amazon, Yahoo Review
e Watch the Trailer for The Killing's Final Season
t Xbox One TV ad turns on user consoles without permission
t Comcast, Time Warner Merger Scrutinized by Senators and Opponents
t Will we be able to image 'Earth's twin'?
e Indonesia Bans Hollywood Epic 'Noah' Over Islamic Concerns
t Climate change will damage Australia's coastal infrastructure, says IPCC
m New research suggests that five helpings of fruit and vegetables a day may not  ...
e Take A Look Back At 7 Of George Clooney's Longest Relationships
b Two women run over by train…and survive (Video)
t Android Auto: Simplified Android for your car
t Google to launch Google Fit for health data for managing health information
e 'The Bachelor' and 'After the Final Rose' recap
b EUR/GBP: UK data not strong enough for a break
t OK Cupid Slams Mozilla CEO For Oppoising Gay Rights After Contribution To  ...
b Why I Believe Markets Are Rigged
m Religion news in brief
b Froma Harrop commentary: This technological disruption will make things better
e [Video] Lady Gaga Performs "G.U.Y" For The First Time at Roseland Ballroom
b Asia Markets live blog: Chasing those US gains
e Snooki Debuts Itty-Bitty Baby Bump At 2014 MTV Movie Awards Press Junket  ...
t The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Ingram Micro, Salesforce.com, VMware, AVG  ...
b Pa. unemployment drops to six percent in March
e The 7 Most Disturbing Revelations From Human Barbie's GQ Profile
e Tammy gives Melissa McCarthy a chance to grow and be funny
b GM Delivers 2.4 Million Vehicles In First Quarter
b Report: Uber Is Gunning For A $10 Billion Valuation With A Big New Investment  ...
b ECB to Slap $20 Million Supervisory Fee on Biggest Banks
e 22 Jump Street jumps out with 60 million
t Apple Buys Internet Radio App
e Adi Granov variant cover for The Amazing Spider-Man #1
e Jack White Earns Second No. 1 Solo Album
b Wal-Mart's earnings say a lot about other companies
e Rush Limbaugh Has No Idea How the ALS #IceBucketChallenge Works
m Ministry defends stockpiling flu drug
e L'Wren Scott was under "tremendous" pressure because of her career.
b U.S. stocks rise; FOMC minutes in focus
t A Middle Finger Emoji is Coming to a Phone Near You
t Mazda recalling 42000 cars because spiders can block vent hoses | The Republic
b Brent Crude Above $113 Amid Iraq Unrest
m Portland Water Bureau issues boil water alert
b Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella impresses Wall Street, stresses challenges
t HTC rumored to be building a Windows Phone version of the new Android flagship
e The Way Miley Cyrus 'Raised Awareness' For Homeless Youth At The VMAs  ...
t Scripps bacterium uses artificial DNA code
m More dogs dead, 3 people sick from China treats
b Elon Musk Brings Solar Energy To Horizon After Electric Cars
t ?Chicken From Hell? Is Newest Dino
e Scientists Have Found a Painting of a Mysterious Man Beneath Picasso's "The  ...
b Redskins trademark canceled: What does it mean?
m Philippines: Negrense nurse working in Saudi Arab...
t Democrats introduce bill to ban 'paid prioritization' on the Net
b Feds open investigation into GM recall
e Villain's story is quite a roller-coaster
b Rajan warns of market turmoil post election
t Google's own self-driving cars, no steering wheel...
e 'Transformers: Age Of Extinction' Crushes Weekend Box Office With $100 Million  ...
b Dollar Tree's Purchase Of Family Dollar Could Be Good News For Consumers
e With season four around the corner - just how great is Game of Thrones?
b Chrysler's U.S. sales rise 20% as Jeep soars to record levels
t What Zuckerberg Sees in Oculus Rift
t Facebook outage worldwide
t Video: Carl Sagan Recalls How Bensonhurst Upbringing Sparked Love Of  ...
e Double trouble: Twins for Chris Hemsworth
t Apple Is Buying Beats Electronics for $3.2 Billion
t 'Watch Dogs' trailer entices gamers for May 27 release [VIDEO]
b Asset purchases as an instrument of monetary policy
b Apple eyes Dr. Dre's Beats for possible $3.2-bil buyout
b Android apps head to BlackBerry after Amazon deal
m Alzheimer's advocates looking for more support
t Windows 8.1 Update arrives, just as Windows XP support ends
b Senate Confirms Two Fed Governors, Makes Fischer Vice Chairman
m Ebola Outbreak In Guinea; Health Ministry Confirms; 23 Dead
b RUTH SUNDERLAND: Why we must defend AstraZeneca from the £63bn  ...
b Bloomberg: Allergan coming up empty in quest for white knight
e Ruby Dee passes away at 91
m Children's mental health matters
e Jessica Simpson wells at wedding rehearsal dinner
m More deaths from bad care at Veterans Affairs health facilities
m Washington state park closes over health scare
b WTI Trades Near Week-Low
t Report: OKCupid conducted secret experiment on users
m Pregnancy increases the risk of having a car crash
e Katherine Heigl Slaps Drugstore With $6 Million Lawsuit
e WATCH: 5 Times Stephen Colbert Sat Down with David Letterman, and Proved  ...
b FOREX-Dollar holds job-inspired gains in quiet start to week
t Five Things Marketers Should Watch at Today's Google Developer Conference
b BoE's Mark Carney says UK economy's spare capacity may be more than 1.5%
b Luck, Skill & Concentrated Portfolios
e 'Game of Thrones' Possibly Ending With A Film, Says George RR Martin
b Barclays fined 26 million pounds over gold price fix
t Alleged iPhone 6 Specs Revealed
e Watch: Pharrell unveils colour new video for 'Marilyn Monroe'
b THE NEWS WRAP: Candy Crush maker's IPO disappoints
b S&P 500 Fluctuates Near High as Investors Weigh Economy, Ukraine
t Nokia Lumia 930 vs. Amazon Fire Phone: Price and Specs Comparison in  ...
m Marriage — seemingly good for the heart
e Source: Paul Walker's daughter upset with grandmother
m Parental Behaviors could be Setting up their Infants for Obesity
e Miley Cyrus is targeted in second robbery in seven months as thieves make off  ...
e Album reviews for July 3, 2014
e Thanks to Justin Bieber, Here's Tom Hanks Dancing To “This Is How We Do It”
b Virgin America Is Going to IPO
b AAA Oklahoma: More holiday travelers predicted for July 4th despite upswing in  ...
m Kids kicking tobacco butts
e REVIEW: Transcendence Has Only Artificial Intelligence
e 'Orphan Black' season premiere recap: Only the Clonely
t List of new Unicode emoji symbols, including middle finger, peace dove
e Billboard Music Awards 2014: Worst Dressed
b Klout Snapped Up by Lithium Technologies
e St. Patrick's Day Party Guide 2014
e Disorderly conduct charges dropped against Paul Simon, wife Edie Brickell
e Olivia Wilde welcomes son
e Miley Cyrus Hospitalized, 'Bangerz' Kansas City Show Cancelled
b India's Sun Pharma to buy Ranbaxy in $3.2 billion all-share deal
e Number of fireworks-related injuries soared in 2013
t Samsung Announces New Healthcare Platform That Will Track Your Body 24-7
e Chipotle Adds Celebrity-Written Essays to Cups and Bags
t BASIC nations to discuss climate change
b Session Recap: Choppy USD day; EUR/USD on the up while the GBP/USD on  ...
m Obesity surgery gives long-lasting help for Type 2 diabetes; beats medicines  ...
e On racist joke, Justin Bieber apologizes
b Obama vs. Putin, the mismatch: Charles Krauthammer
m Washington E. coli outbreak linked to Idaho sprout producer
t Nokia doesn't want you to get shocked, suspends tablet sales because of faulty  ...
m Have you registered for the Hills Relay for Life?
b ORCL, MCRS: Micros Stock Soars on Oracle Deal Buzz
t A consumer's guide to making sure you are not a Heartbleed victim
e Watch the first teaser for The Hunger Games: Mockingjay — Part 1
b Hillary beat: Five news outfits assign reporters just for Hillary Clinton
b Weibo Corp. raises 286 million dollars in IPO, sells fewer shares than initially  ...
t Heartbleed Will Go On Even After The Updates
m Mayor de Blasio touts reduced rent for people with AIDS or HIV
b Malaysia Airlines: China finds no terror link to its nationals on jet; Thailand  ...
b China cites US for “unscrupulous” spying, wants IBM out of banks
b Eurotunnel passengers forced to evacuate into service tunnel after power fault
e Kimye X Vogue April 2014
m Study questions health benefits attributed to red wine compound
t Space station computer outage may force spacewalk
e Led Zeppelin 'copyright battle'
t Commercial spacecraft speeds toward space station
b Healthcare job growth stable
e Miley Cyrus' tour bus goes up in flames
b AT&T aims for TV's future with $48.5B DirecTV deal - ABC-7.com WZVN News  ...
b Germany HICP Inflation Accelerates Less Than Expected
b ECB to play waiting game as inflation remains low
m After Significant Push, Schumer Receives Personal Commitment from Head Of  ...
e The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly Actor Eli Wallach Dies at 98
e Greenwich's Joan Lunden Announces She Has Breast Cancer
e Del Rey's boyfriend denies split
e 'Ethereal man-child voice' Jazzman Scott dies at age of 88
b Gazprom: China gas deal will affect Europe
e Chet Kanojia's Aereo Inc case: Streaming TV row before US Supreme Court on  ...
e Justin Bieber apologizes for racist remark
b Tesla CEO Elon Musk Drops 60 Minutes Bombshell
b Dov Charney – A Classic Case Of A CEO Gone Wild
t Take That, Apple! Microsoft Surface Pro 3 Takes Aim at MacBook Air
m Top Medicare Doctor Paid $21 Million in 2012, Data Show
b Pending Home Sales Highest In May
m Deadly specimens and duct tape?
t Cliff Bleszinski calls Notch a "pouty kid" for canceling Minecraft VR
e Jem and the Holograms Movie Casts Nashville Star Aubrey Peeples
b Missing Malaysia flight: Chinese families 'seek answers'
t New video compares Touch ID to the Galaxy S5′s fingerprint scanner
t Xbox One sales boosted with Titanfall
b BNY Mellon Hit With RMBS Suit Over Loan Docs
t Moto X+1 Rumored To Feature Camera With Optical Zoom, 3D UI
b State's insurance deadline pushed back to April 15
t Timeline: How Apple's iOS gained enterprise cred
t Yellow Nexus 5 confirmed on Google's website
b Google shoves Apple aside to become the world's most valuable brand
e Celine Dion responds to lonely airport guy
t Microsoft CEO to Unveil Office for iPad on March 27: Report
e Ruby Dee, star of stage and screen, dies at 91
m Sanofi acquires OTC rights for Cialis
t Windows Phone 8.1 Update Adds Biz-Friendly Features
b California Officials Announce Enrollee Tally, Note Last-Minute Surge
e Here's How Long You Have to Wait for More 'Sherlock'
t Astronauts Don't Let Space Get Between Them and World Cup
b ECB likely to keep interest rates at 0.25%
t Sony in China joint venture to sell PlayStations
e 'American Idol' Recap: The Final Four Get Three Shots At Glory
e Chelsea Handler Is Rumored To Be Negotiating With CBS For A Late Night Show
e Superman Sequel Given Official Title - "Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice"
t GM Offers Millions to Victims
b PRECIOUS-Gold ends flat as S&P 500 rises; platinum up
t Facebook wants to bring friends a little closer with location sharing
e Gov't: HealthCare.gov not accepting new applications due to technical problems  ...
t iPhone web share stats reveal closer battle with Android
t OkCupid encourages users to boycott Firefox in protest of CEO's anti gay  ...
b BlackBerry revenue plunges 64 percent
m Netherlands Reports Second Case of MERS-CoV Infection
t How To Use Money To Prevent The Next Heartbleed
e 10 Things to Note in the Second Trailer for X-Men: Days of Future Past
b Pinnacle Foods (NYSE: PF) Stock Pops 15% on $4.3 Billion Hillshire Deal
e The Amazing Spider-Man 2
e James Franco Denied Being Lindsay Lohan's Lover; Says She Lied About Her  ...
b Seasonally-Adjusted Home Prices Declined in May
e Chewbacca Is Returning for 'Star Wars: Episode VII,' and So Is Peter Mayhew
t Companies warned not to let Heartbleed affect HR and payroll
t Tesla and Panasonic to build Gigafactory in US
e 'Full House' Revival to Feature John Stamos, Candace Cameron Bure
t Technology can compromise student privacy
e Bachelorette 2014 Episode 5 Recap: Marseilles It Ain't So!
b Gold extends losses to fourth session; fund outflows continue
b Landrieu urges Medicaid vote
e Ryan Murphy takes on Larry Kramer's “The Normal Heart.”
b Credit Suisse to Pay $885 Million to Settle FHFA Lawsuits
t Review: Surface works as laptop, has trade-offs
b Expand Medicaid in South Carolina
b New York Times fiasco won't go away with Jill Abramson's departure
m Ryan Lewis launches fundraiser, announces mother is HIV positive
m Wash. Medicaid enrollment surpasses reform goals
t Iranian group created fake news organization to hack US military
t Fire hazard forces more than 37K recalled laptop batteries
b New Stock Coverage: Analysts Have Huge Candy Crush on King Digital  ...
m Outsmarting an outbreak
t Facebook plans global launch for 'I'm a Voter' feature
t Samsung Galaxy S3 Gets 4.4 KitKat With TouchWiz Finally
b Modest rise in US consumer spending
b 5 Rocket Stocks to Buy for S&P 2000
e Captain America's New Uniform for Avengers: Age of Ultron
e 'Mad Men' premiere draws lowest numbers yet
b American Apparel (APP) Enters Nomination, Standstill and Support Agreement  ...
e Was 'Seinfeld' a Disney Knockoff?
t Sony PlayStation network back online following attack
b China inflation accelerates to 2.4% year-on-year in March
t This Watch Dogs Glitch Is Beyond Crazy: Cop Car Rides The Train
e Chris Evans Admits His Captain America Uniform Could Use a Wash
e Selena Gomez Unfollowed Jenner Sisters on Instagram After They Sided With  ...
e Spain's Famed Bull Run Festival Begins in Pamplona
b BOE minutes back up Carney, but sterling takes a knock
e La Quinta restaurants don't always feel Coachella Fest love
m Hospital Readmissions Fall by 8% Among Medicare Beneficiaries
e To Ask Is To Grow
e Kim Kardashian & Kanye West's Wedding Guest List is Going to Make People  ...
t 'Net neutrality' and the internet's class warfare: Editorial
t Google Buys Songza Music Recommendation Service
t General Motors safety crisis grows as another 8.2 milion cars recalled
t HTC One mini 2 struts its stuff in leaked render
t Google unveils smartwatch operating system Android Wear
e Emma Stone: Red on Red
t Google said to be developing tablet with 3D imaging
e New True Blood Season 7,Finale Episode 10 Second Spoiler Clip Released
e Neighbours at the top
b Valeant boosts Allergan offer, threatens to take deal directly to shareholders
e Production on 'Big Bang Theory' halts amid contract dispute
b Lies the right wing tells
m Colorado's Marijuana Legalization Drawing Immigrants And Tourists
m WHO urges 'drastic action' on Ebola, invites Uganda to 11-na......
e Drake got friend-zoned by Skylar Diggins at the ESPYs
e Amazon.com escalates standoff with publisher Hachette, removes some pre  ...
t Google Acquires Songza To Improve Google Play Music And Maybe YouTube
t Playing the Heartbleed blame game
t Deal with Facebook doesn't change WhatsApp's privacy policy, says founder
m Wearable Devices May Soon Move Into Your Brain With This New Technology
e Lady Gaga Is Submissive to Boyfriend Taylor Kinney, Says "He's Totally In Charge"
t Beat that, Ellen: Nasa reveals incredible interactive 3.2 gigapixel 'global selfie  ...
b HTC One M8 Helps HTC Return To Profit
e Jay Z SLAMS Kanye West And Kim Kardashian's Wedding Behind Their Back
b WATCH: Scary Moment Plane Tries To Land As 2nd Plane Taxis In Front Of It
m Lifestyle choices cut Alzheimer toll – study
b The chances of US taxpayers getting audited are at the lowest they've been  ...
e HBO Plans 'Game of Thrones' Marathon, Online Viewer's Guide
e 'Game of Thrones' wedding brings surprise
m Kansas In Top Ten Most Dangerous States To Work
b World markets rise on Fed rate plans - WXOW News 19 La Crosse, WI – News  ...
t Photos from friends: 2014 Lyrid meteor shower
b New technology to enhance solar reliability when there is no sun
e Jimmy Kimmel Takes Selfie With Bill, Hillary, Chelsea Clinton: Picture
b 5 Things I Learned From Jill Abramson Getting Fired From the
b BNZ first-half earnings rise 3.4 percent
t Google plans fleet of driverless, subcompact cars
e Disney's latest hero, 'Captain America,' sets box office record
t GM recall impacts ripple across High Desert
t THE NEWS WRAP: Twitter changes its tune on SoundCloud deal
m Study: Fist bumps less 'germy' than handshakes
m Health Highlights: May 7, 2014
t Microsoft to end Windows XP support today
m FDA warns against type of hysterectomy that can spread cancer
t Woman's African safari photos draw ire on Facebook
e Funeral held for L'Wren Scott in Southern California
e Kristen Stewart Robert Pattinson Back Together: 'Twilight' Stars To Reunite At  ...
e 'Mockingbird Next Door' moves in on Harper Lee
t Blue dinosaur to assist Facebook with privacy checkup tool
t Obama accuses opponents of action on climate change of posing "a serious  ...
m iPad may be one source of growing issue of nickel allergies in children, suggests  ...
t NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -
t What could eBay hackers do with your data (...and why your personal info is  ...
t Game Breaking Bug Hits Watch Dogs on PC and Xbox One, Wipes Out All In  ...
e Writer/Producer Says 'Earth to Echo' Uses New Technology to Tell an Old  ...
e Pat Sajak calls global warming activists 'unpatriotic racists'
e 'Game of Thrones' Recap: King Joffrey And His Purple Wedding
b EU targeting Amazon's Luxembourg tax deals in crackdown
e Leonardo DiCaprio snubs Justin Bieber in Cannes club, refuses to pose or party  ...
m Mid-Day Market Update: AMD Surges After Upbeat Results; Acacia Research  ...
e Yahoo to show new comedy series in video expansion
m $LO, US Government Lays Down Laws For Electronic Cigarettes
e Letters: The LA River's potential
b Gold at six-month high amid geopolitical tension
m Web 'epidemic of well being' plea
e Khloe Kardashian Shields Face From Cameras On Date
e Maleficent: Angelina Jolie takes on the dark side
m Springfield Red Robin worker may have exposed thousands to hepatitis
t Up Up Down Down: Mario Kart DS
e Selena Gomez's Parents HATE Justin Bieber, Are Furious Girlfriend-Boyfriend  ...
e Gwen understands that Peter needs to be Spider-Man, MJ was in love: Emma  ...
e What Do You Think of Frances Bean Cobain's Comments About Lana Del Rey?
t UK Regulator Probes Facebook (FB) Following Massive Psychological Experiment
e Kendall Jones the hunter gets support from Chipper Jones
e Powdered alcohol could soon be hitting local liquor stores
b Hillshire Brands Agrees To Acquire Pinnacle Foods For $6.6 Billion
e Darren Aronofsky explains why he used CGI instead of real animals when  ...
b Yahoo's 1st-quarter results propelled by Alibaba investment while ad sales start  ...
m Colo. girl banned from school after shaving head to support cancer-suffering pal  ...
t Space buzz: First espresso maker heading into orbit
e Almanac: Monday, May 5, 2014
b The health law: Post-enrollment, 6 things to watch for
e Rihanna Wins CFDA Award, Twerks In See-Through Gown [NSFW]
e Heaven is for Real: Hereafter best-seller arrives on the big screen
e Valerie Harper's cancer terminal: "But guess what? Not today!"
e Casey Kasem: Our Arab American Star
e Macklemore Vaguely Apologized for That Dumb Costume
t Find points to immense ocean deep inside Earth
b UPDATE: Valeant Proposes to Combine with Allergan at $48.30/Cash, 0.83  ...
e W. Mich. company designs furniture for CBS show
e TUNED IN: All is forgiven, 24 — I'm back
b US Employers Add 209K jobs, Unemployment Rate Rises to 6.2%
b Plastic microbead ban OK with manufacturers
t Apple To Expand Arizona Sapphire Plant
e We Have Video Proof That Jelena Is Back Together, So Prepare Your Gag  ...
t HTC Adds Sense 6.0 Apps from the HTC One M8 to Google Play
b Don't Be Fooled by China's Robust Growth
e 'The View': Hosts Sherri Shepherd, Jenny McCarthy say they're leaving the show
b Missing Malaysian Airliner: Authorities Investigating Possible Foul Play
b Market news: positive job numbers
e What we learned from Pippa Middleton and her 'Today' show chat
e Jay Z's 'Made In America' Festival For Los Angeles
b Los Angeles launches federal lawsuit against Time Warner over $10 million in  ...
b WWE News: WWE Superstars Just Now Getting WrestleMania 30 Pay, Several  ...
b Ex-SAC manager gets 42 months in jail for insider trading
b THE BIGGER PICTURE: India must clarify what it wants from ties with the US
t Congress To Weigh In On Proposed AT&T And DirecTV Merger
b Credit Suisse To Pay $2.5 Billion For Role In Tax Evasion
e Eminem apologizes to mother in 'Headlights'
b Ford Motor first quarter profit plummets, misses expectations
m Diet Soda Helps Weight Loss More Than Water
e Selena Gomez's Grandmother Worried About Her Lupus
e Camden getting special status in New Jersey laws
t Facebook to build drones, satellites and lasers to connect two thirds of the planet  ...
t Why Tesla Motors (TSLA) Stock Remains Higher This Afternoon
b Target 1Q profit falls 16 percent
e 'How I Met Your Mother': How Will It All End?
e X-Men: Days of Future Past Earns $8.1 Million On Late Opening
b Yahoo's turnaround is a work in progress
e Miranda Lambert Addresses Pregnancy Rumors and Her Amazing Weight Loss
e Marking Jesus' journey on Good Friday
t IBM expands security portfolio with new tools
b Target CEO Resigns Amid Massive Breach
m Eco-Atkins may reduce heart disease risk and weight
b Fly the spacious skies — private bath, bedroom — of this airline
e Naomi Campbell Refuses To Comment On Kim Kardashian And Kanye West  ...
b US seasonally adjusted home prices fall in May: S&P/Case-Shiller
b Citigroup earnings top Wall Street views
t Amazon refuses to settle with FTC over in-app purchases
t SpaceX challenges sole-source Air Force award to United Launch Alliance
b Cannabis a multi-million-dollar tax windfall for Colorado
e Amy Adams Gives Her First-Class Seat to US Soldier
t Soon You'll be Able to Charge Your Phone Wirelessly at Starbucks
e Kim Kardashian Confesses: I Dress North West Up In Kanye's Chains
e TV Ratings: 'Shark Tank,' 'Barbara Walters: Her Story' lead ABC Friday
m No smoking: Raise taxes on tobacco, urge experts
e The Simpsons Amusingly Sends Up Mad Men's Non Sequitur 'Next Week' Promos
e On July 4, leave fireworks to the pros, fire and medical experts warn
b Deadline Looms for Troubled MD Health Insurance Exchange
b Emails show 'cozy' ties of PG&E, regulator
t China's Alibaba Group aims to raise $1 billion in IPO
e Tori Spelling Divorce Rumors: Husband Dean McDermott 'Completely Broke my  ...
b Relying too much on triple-A credit rating 'perilous', says OECD
e Twin Peaks: The Entire Mystery To Get Killer Blu-ray Treatment
b Why Las Vegas Sands (LVS) Stock Is Dropping In After-Hours Trading Today
e Bella Thorne Announces New Single & Details!
e David Arquette - David Arquette Engaged - Report
b Bankrupt virtual currency exchange Mt. Gox finds $200K in missing bitcoins
b Bitcoin not a currency, in IRS terms
b Nikkei closes at six-month high
e Neil Young calls on big name pals to help him launch Pono campaign
e We Finally Have the Image to Put the Beyoncé-Jay Z Tour Rumors to Rest
t Uplay struggling under Watch Dogs launch logins, servers may be unresponsive
e Presenting the Maddies: Five very real ad campaigns from the world of Mad Men
b BoE Carney's testimony: Falling wages suggest more spare capacity than thought
e HGTV cancels series featuring local brothers amid controversy
b Stocks mostly higher as investors assess economy and earnings; Carnival falls  ...
t Book subscription service Oyster says it has hit the half a million mark
b More wind power, more natural gas to sell on international markets, more  ...
b Rated “P” for persistent
t Naughty Dog “looking into” offering PS4 upgrade options for PS3 owners of The  ...
e Miami Mayor, Officials Call for End to Ultra After Guard's Trampling
m Ebola epidemic in West Africa adds 50 more cases in a week
t Amazon Unveils 3D Fire Phone, Out July 25
m Despite Being in Coma for Over 10 Weeks, Woman Gives Birth to Healthy Baby  ...
e Rapper Andre Johnson Cut Off Penis And Jump Off Building
e Zack Snyder Teases the New Batmobile From 'Batman vs. Superman' (PHOTO)
b Europe's Week Ahead: Will the ECB Ease This Time?
m Children win broader access to donor lungs
b Holcim to buy Lafarge to create world's biggest cement maker
e Amanda Bynes Tweets Two Cute Bikini Photos, Thanks Fans For Birthday Love
b The ECB abstained from easing yesterday
e Paul Walker's Brothers To Help Complete Missing 'Fast & Furious 7' Scenes
t Heavens, Jesus is that really you?
e 'The Fault In Our Stars': All-New Sneak Peek At MTV Movie Awards
t Image video Woods Hole oceanographic Institution
e Parker: Heartland not really under attack
b Unemployment rates fall in 21 states last month
e Rita Ora - Rita Ora kept forgetting Fifty Shades of Grey lines
b JP Morgan's Pinto takes sole charge of CIB
t Undersea Lab 2
t Netflix Mulls Price Hike for New Customers
t Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Neo vs Galaxy Note 2 vs Galaxy Note 3 – Price and  ...
b Oil prices drop on reports Libya ports will re-open
e Lord Of The Ring! Orlando Bloom Punched Bieber More Than Once
e Rob Kardashian 'battling drug problem'
e Transformers Age Of Extinction: 10 Things You Never Knew About The  ...
m Marijuana caregiver crackdown explored in Colorado
e 5 of Mickey Rooney's most memorable movie roles, from 'Boy's Town' to  ...
t Comcast issues apology after viral service call
e Second man files sex abuse lawsuit against Bryan Singer
b Shire PLC (ADR) (NASDAQ:SHPG) Rejects $47 Billion Takeover Offer, But More  ...
t Google to remove "free" from games contain in-app purchases, Apple would follow
e Game of Thrones season 4 Finale: No Lady Stoneheart; fans react
e Ban Bossy -- New campaign designed to empower girls to become leaders
t Saving the Whales
m Investigators Say Saudi Arabia Contributed To Spread Of Deadly MERS Virus
t NASA Satellite Images Show Improved Air Quality in the US
e Batman V Superman: Dawn of Justice Gets a Casting Call for LexCorp
e Jessica Simpson Gets Married: Husband is Former NFL Player Eric Johnson
b Rupert Murdoch gets rebuffed in bold offer for Time Warner
b Draghi Signals ECB Action as Inflation Expectations Slide
e McCartney still ill, cancels South Korea concert; US leg of tour still planned
e Chris Pine admits New Zealand drink driving charge
e 'Star Wars: Stand Alone I' Team Announced
m Have eczema? It may reduce your skin cancer risk
e Whedon releases digital movie
t Google expands Android to wearables
e “Sherlock” Christmas special may air in 2015, Martin Freeman says
e Did Beyoncé read Jay Z's mistress during 'On The Run' set?
b 3D Systems Receives Rating from Brean Capital (DDD)
t Review: Warming Up to Tablets with Keyboard Covers
b Coach Responds to Falling Sales By Raising Prices
b May 8, 2014, 2:21 pm
t Nvidia GeForce GTX Titan Z: the first $3000 consumer graphics card
e 'The Bachelorette' host Chris Harrison: Andi Dorfman likes to be taken, from here  ...
b Target Would Really Appreciate if You Left Your Gun at Home
t FCC Chairman May Be Revising His 'Fast Lane' Concept
e Two much, mom: Mom's Day fuss for mums-in-law too!
t Android Circuit: Microsoft Goes Android, Nokia Goes For A Launcher, Google  ...
e Get the Most Popular Beauty World News Stories in a Weekly Newsletter
b Puerto Rico Power Authority and Bank Lenders Agree to Postpone Loan  ...
b Coach Q1 Profit Declines, Yet Tops View; Declares Dividend - Quick Facts
e ZARA Apologizes After Yellow Star Striped Pajamas Creates Firestorm
b Weibo Posts Net Loss One Day Before IPO
e Video: See the Justin Bieber deposition leaked to the Internet
m FDA approves sixth high intensity artificial sweetener advantame
e Fleetwood Mac returning to Columbus this year
t FCC's New 'Net Neutrality' Rules Allow for Preferred Traffic -- 3rd Update
b Libyan authorities detain crew of renegade oil tanker after it anchors off country's  ...
e Matthew Cowles Dead: 'All My Children' Actor Dies At 69
t Apple In Talks To Launch Spotify Rival, Android App As Download Sales Decline
t Law agencies smash Blackshade ransomware gang in worldwide action
b In brief: BMW to build factory in Mexico
e Chris O' Dowd shines in 'Of Mice and Men'
t eBay recommends password change after cyber attack
e Monty Python Live (Mostly) review: Flying out on a high
t Cygnus spacecraft launches to International Space Station
t What's this 'Heartbleed' I keep hearing about, and why should I care?
b Relativity Media takes on Disney with Maker Studios bid
t Renault-Nissan, Daimler eye joint venture in Mexico source
t Watch: Amazing solar flare footage from Nasa
t Titanfall reviewed
e Khloe Kardashian's new beau abandoned' his wife, son for her
b Rajan sticks to the script, holds key rates
e Bishops say Cesar Chavez film shows Catholic social justice
e Sebastian Stan Looks Good on the Red Carpet at the CFDA Awards 2014!
e Ignorance on the Cover of 'Rolling Stone'
t Adobe Flash Player 12 – Why Is Now the Best Time to Download Free  ...
t Astronauts to Get Hot Coffee on Space Station
t Editorial: Climate change is here now
t Our iPhones May Soon Send Texts That Seem To Float In Midair, Patent Shows
e Whitney Houston Gets A Lifetime Movie & Angela Bassett Is Directing It!
b American Apparel Has Fired CEO and Founder Dov Charney
b Stock Market Outlook: Further Gains Expected
t Cisco's $1 billion bet on the cloud may pay off
t The Amazon Fire phone: All you need to know
b Cement makers ready to tackle antitrust rules
e Julia Louis-Dreyfus Has Passionate Clown Sex in GQ (Photo)
t Beavers a problem for some Charlotte businesses
b IRS awards millions in bonuses to its people who don't pay taxes
e The $40K Potato Salad on Kickstarter Is Evil
b Dozens arrested in fast food workers protest outside McDonald's - WNEM TV 5
b Three times the apps for BlackBerry
m Mers Virus Claims New Victim in Jordan
e Jenny McCarthy on Impending 'View' Exit: 'I'm Not Allowed to Be the Best of Me  ...
t Takata Airbag Recall Expands--Honda, Nissan and Mazda Recall Over 3 Million  ...
b Eurozone inflation fall heaps pressure on ECB
t NASA Flying Saucer Test Flight Pushes Through, Parachute Fails to Deploy
b Barclays Replacing Bonus Boss John Sunderland with Crawford Gillies After  ...
b Jet Airways may have to abort Abu Dhabi operations
b ECB focus on strengthening euro
e Pier collapses under wedding party photo
t Congress Calls GM To The Carpet Over Chevy Cobalt Recall
e Paul McCartney cancels gigs due to illness
m FDA approves 'Star Wars' arm for amputees
t New meteor shower could be visible Friday night
t Facebook testing on-screen button for buying
t After court ruling, Google fielding requests to remove links
e Miley Cyrus Makes Date Rape Joke During London Show
t Speed reading app Spritz wants to change the way we read
e Lindsay Lohan - Lindsay Lohan had miscarriage during her reality show
m How New York Is Aiming To Revolutionize The Fight Against HIV
b Hong Kong, China shares surge
t BlackBerry Sends Message to Leakers: Watch Out
e Miley Cyrus' Bangerz Tour Gets "Exposed"
b Time to Start Paying Attention to Fracking's Earthquakes
m San Diego ranks 8th in fit city index
b India car sales shrink for second year
b Florida Has Highest Rate of Housing Sales Done in Cash
b Maybe this time? China satellite finds object near jet search area
b RPT-UPDATE 1-China June HSBC flash PMI shows first expansion in 6 months  ...
m Thurman Thomas visits Kelly family at NYC hospital
e Kanye West 'Furious' Over Kim Kardashian Wedding Leaks?
b Corn prices in focus for food sellers
e The flaws of 'The Fault In Our Stars'
e Sircar's Sabine vs. Empire in 'Star Wars Rebels'
t Samsung Galaxy Core 2 with Android 4.4 KitKat OS Launched in India; Price  ...
m MERS now in 18 countries; three in US confirmed to have viral illness
t Galaxy S3 Gets 4.4 KitKat With TouchWiz Without Samsung Approval
m 3-D Mammograms Identify More Cancers Than Previous Methods
t Free voice and data plans for iPhone is announced by FreedomPop
e Ron Howard honored to be directing Beatles biopic
b US Consumer Confidence Rises In May
b Geithner suggested Hillary as his possible successor
b Dow cracks 17000 mark for 1st time, as S&P 500 nears its own milestone
m MERS threat warning comes from WHO before hajj season
t Google Glass available to American public today for $1500
b India keeps rates on hold ahead of polls
e 'Shovel Girl' Miranda Lynn Fugate Gets Hit In The Head, Laughs It Off On Twitter  ...
e Macklemore Apologizes for Offending Jewish People
e Amazon.com, Inc. Launches Prime Music Streaming Service
e Marvel Releases First Full Image Of 'Guardians Of The Galaxy' Villain Thanos
t Computer users warned to protect machines from powerful 'Gameover' virus
t Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) Public Battle With Verizon
t Google Drive launching third-party add-ons program for Docs, Sheets
m Thanks to the Polar Vortex, here comes the Pollen Vortex: Allergies worse than  ...
m FDA panel votes in favor of approval for Cubist's new MRSA drug
t Tonight's The Night For Catching Mars
e A not-uncommon 'View': Hosts exiting this show
b Dollar edges lower as markets brace for Fed minutes
t Google Nexus 10 vs Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 10.1 - Comparison
t Facebook wants to help you meet friends offline
e Monty Python Live 2014: The verdict is in and critics hail comeback show a  ...
e Watch Oprah Winfrey's original 1983 audition tape
b Unilever to Sell Ragu, Bertolli Pasta Sauce Brands to Mizkan Group for $2.15 Bln
t Apparently, Microsoft can 'scroogle' your privacy whenever it wants
e Edgar Wight leaves Ant-Man
e Yahoo! Announces Original Streaming Programming
t The Government Could Save $400 Million Just By Changing Its Font
e US actor‚ comedian John Pinette found dead in hotel room
e 'Transcendence': All sizzle, no steak
t Google Expects Ads on Refrigerators, Thermostats
t Microsoft takes aim at laptops with new Surface tablet (Update)
e Yes! Watch The New Trailer For "Orange Is The New Black"
e Katherine Heigl Sues Pharmacy for $6 Million & Her Timing Couldn't Be Worse
t Iraq crisis causes rise in gas prices
m WHO: Over 3.3 Million Deaths Associated with Alcohol in 2012
m Tim Murphy Doesn't Miss a Beat Turning Tragedy Into Political Opportunity
e Rita Ora fluffed her lines in 50 Shades of Grey
e 'Godfather Of House Music' Frankie Knuckles Dies At Age 59; Celebrities Respond
e Friends, food and fun in the kitchen
m Study: Older Moms May Live Longer
e 'The Walking Dead' Season 4: Who Dies? Episode 16 Finale Will 'SHOCK  ...
m Great News: iPads Are Giving People Skin Rashes Now
t Chevrolet Corvette Z06 to be auctioned for charity
b China's Alibaba files for a blockbuster IPO
e 'Fargo' Season 1 Spoilers: How Did The TV Premiere Compare To The Movie? 6  ...
b Mahindra Group Expands Its Footprint in the United States
b European Markets Weak After Eurozone Economic Growth Slows
b Twitter skids nearly 18% as lock-up period expires
e Sarah Silverman Brought a Vaporizer to the Emmys
e Lana Del Rey takes UK album top spot
e About That Time Miley Cyrus Told Jennifer Lawrence To "Get It Together"
b EUROPE MARKETS: Europe Stocks Higher; Draghi Warns On Low Inflation
b Zillow and Trulia Combine: Bloomberg West (07/28)
t US Conference of Mayors Calls on US Supreme Court to Promptly Rule in Favor  ...
e Rob Kardashian missed Kim Kardashian, Kanye West wedding because of his  ...
t Natural History Museum exhibit puts a new spin on old spider myths
b 'Erdogan did not punch me,' says Soma resident
e Obama reassures Japan on China as Asia trip begins
b Blackberry 10.3 OS images "stolen"
b Lockheed Martin says it has been selected by the US Air Force to supply radars  ...
e James Franco Almost Gets Colbert to Break Character...Almost
t FORMAT C: -- MS-DOS source code 'free' (as in lite-beer)
b Bayer snares Merck Unit as global indices waver
e Ryan Gosling Has Arrived At Cannes Film Festival (And Christina Hendricks Is  ...
t Netflix Deal with Verizon to Increase Streaming Speed
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's wedding venue is haunted by witches  ...
e Lindsay Lohan's Ex List Was Actually A Step In Her Recovery
e David Fincher backs out of Steve Jobs biopic after Sony declines $10M  ...
m Young Blood Could be the Key to Reversing Aging
b Deutsche Bank Plans Capital Raise Of 8 Bln Euros, Reaffirms Strategy 2015+
e Charlie Brown and Snoopy go 3D in Peanuts movie trailer - watch
b Obamacare applicants get new deadline
m Blood Test for a Suicide-Risk Gene Proposed
e What we want to see on Jay Z and Beyonce's On The Run tour Our demands for  ...
e Eurovision 2014: UK Entry Molly Admits 'Armenia Is My Biggest Competition  ...
m Guinea battles to contain spread of Ebola epidemic
b SunTrust Slammed With Half-Billion in Fines by Feds
b US looks forward to Obama-Modi meeting: Kerry
m NYPD Receives Funding to Equip Officers with Life-Saving Heroin Antidote  ...
e Kaley Cuoco on that fleeting Henry Cavill romance: 'I had no one following me  ...
b Tesla Abandons Model E Trademark (Report)
t iPhone 6 Dummy Unit Compared to iPhone 5s in New Photos
b GE posts second-quarter operating earnings of 39 cents a share
b Affordable Care Act: Some may have more time to apply
t UN Climatologists: You're all going to die if you don't let us Tax you
e 'Game of Thrones' actor Jason Momoa cast as Aquaman in 'Batman v Superman'
m Lab Mice Stressed Out By Men, But Not Women, Study Finds
e Miley Cyrus resumes tour after canceled dates
e 'Shield' actor Michael Jace charged in wife's death
t General Motors chief Mary Barra faces tough questions over car recalls
b Kung fu novels and billion dollar floats: Five things you didn't know about  ...
b Emirates airlines' profit up 43% in 2013
b Fiat Chrysler Automobiles five-year plan unveiled – new Alfa RWD lineup, a new  ...
e 'Sons of Anarchy' season 7: Courtney Love's 'pivotal' role, Jax at risk
e Inside Chris Brown's LA jail cell where he'll spend 23 hours a day in solitary  ...
m When It Comes To Obesity Issues, Blame It On Cheap Food!
e X-Men: Days of Future Past Easter Eggs and Marvel Comics References
m Report Shows Cigarettes Cost 10 Times More than e Cigs
m Oscar Pistorius trial restart could be delayed as athlete's psychiatrist suffers heart  ...
e CONGRATS! Idris Elba Is Officially A New Daddy! (See Pictures)
b TMZ (sort of) stands by its Kaepernick report
e 'The Bachelorette 10': Episode 7 recap
t LG G Watch coming to a store near you very soon
b Airlines Forgo Limes as Shortage Continues
t Motorola launches $130 Moto E
b San Diego unemployment rate down in March
t Popular weed selling game 'Weed Firm' pulled from Apple's App Store
t 40th birth day of Rubik's Cube
b Fifth Third Announces 2014 CCAR Capital Plan; Potential Increase in Dividend  ...
e Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams in 'The Notebook'
b Wall Street sinks over 1.5%
t Inside Politics Speed Read: Rubio expresses doubts on climate change, gives  ...
t Amazon Launches a Phone! Fire Has a Scan and Buy Feature
b Is your car among the 1.5 million more vehicles GM has recalled?
t Tech giants oppose US regulator's move on fast lanes
m Second MERS case reported in US
t Meet Android Wear, LG G Watch and Samsung Gear Live: Price, Specs  ...
b China Official Manufacturing PMI Makes Gains in May, Rises to 50.8
m Health Ministers Tasked to Take Pragmatic Measures to Avert Cross Border  ...
m Group helping patients of home care agency
b Why Hewlett-Packard and GameStop Jumped Today
b Market Outlook: Calendar Axiom Broken, But Valuations Are A Concern
t Facing $840 million in damages, Apple settles e-book antitrust case with US states
t Civilization: Beyond Earth takes the series into the future
m Can MannKind Shares Double Again on FDA Approval?
e Idol: Jennifer Lopez Almost in Tears over Jena Irene's Performance
e You Really Need to Hear This Smooth R&B Cover of the DuckTales Theme
t Apple aims to disable texting while driving
t VUDU Version 1.5 Update Quietly Adds Chromecast Compatibility And Not  ...
e Peaches Geldof: No Drugs, Note at Death Scene of Bob Geldof's Daughter
e New Michael Jackson Album "Xscape" Set for May 13 Release
e World's best gay city shows off its pride with 16th-annual Gay Pride Parade
b The Responsibilities of a Creditor Nation
e Mourners including Nick Grimshaw & Jools Holland gather for Peaches Geldof's  ...
e Pablo Picasso hidden portrait found beneath famous painting 'The Blue Room'
e Shocking! Drew Barrymore's half-sister Jessica found dead amidst piles of white  ...
b Mystery benefactor gives away hundreds of dollars in city-wide scavenger hunt
e Bradley Cooper could be the next Indiana Jones
e AC/DC guitarist Malcolm Young may have dementia; but band not retiring yet
b Billionaire Ex-Wife Gets $4.5 Billion In 'Most Expensive Divorce In History'
t Quakes at Iceland Volcano Ease Slightly, No Sign of Eruption
b Alstom accepts offer from GE but Siemens could counterbid
e Celine Dion responds to man who sang 'All By Myself' at Las Vegas airport
t Facebook News Feed statuses 'affect people's mood'
b EY appeals Hong Kong Court order to produce audit working papers  ...
t Apple, Google and others to pay $325 million to settle hiring lawsuit
t Apple's iWatch Takes On Tag Heuer Exec
b Wal-Mart to accept video game trade-ins in stores
e Everyone Should See Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield's Powerful Message to  ...
e Zach Braff on 'Wish I Was Here' and Putting His Heart and Soul Into the Movie  ...
m Staying Safe Inside Liberia's Ebola Zone
t Major Online Gaming Services Recover after DDoS Attack
t Google, Inc. (GOOG) Acquires World Lens Maker, Quest Visual
e See Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's Vogue Cover Shoot With North! (VIDEO)
e Most gripping moment on 'Walking Dead' in 2014? Take our poll before tonight's  ...
e While it improves on the book, Divergent remains in The Hunger Games' shadow
t GM Stops Selling Chevy Cruze, Faulty Air Bag Cited
t The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights:General Motors, ANN, BlackRock, Aaron's  ...
t DMV forces teen to remove makeup to get license photo
b US Supreme Court Upholds EPA Global Warming Rules
b AAA: High gas prices won't impact travel this weekend
m Mental illness 'as bad for you as smoking'
m New Study Finds No Evidence That MMR Vaccines Are Dangerous
e Eurovision voting: Who should win Copenhagen 2014?
t Volvo and Audi both announce Android Auto plans
t Moto X2 Release Date Rumors Point to Moto Maker 2014 Launch [VIDEO]
e Adele Teases New Album '25' On Twitter
t WHO Declares New Delhi's Air As World's Dirtiest, India Dismisses Data
b Commission lowers 2014 inflation forecasts for eurozone
b 49ers QB took to Twitter Friday to say reports of 'incident' were completely false.
b How Will Target (TGT) Stock Respond To New CEO Announcement?
b Major Averages Close Mixed As Nasdaq Remains Stuck In The Red
t Oculus Rift-controlled Bepop Drone Launched by Parrot
t Microsoft follows Google with Bing 'Right to be Forgotten' requests
e Kendall Jenner Turns Couture Queen For Chanel
t Microsoft Surface Pro 3 | First Look
e Film clip shows FDR walking
e UPDATE: 25 years later, 'Field of Dream's cast reunites
b UPDATE 4-Twitter shares plumb new lows as stock lock-up expires
m The Incredible Moment When a Deaf Woman Hears for the First Time
e Shailene Woodley Insults 'Twilight', Gives Jimmy Fallon A Strange Gift
b Barclays takes axe to investment bank unit | Bangkok Post: news
b Novartis transforms drug business via deals with GSK and Lilly
e Selena Gomez goes to church to avoid rehab?
e Reps Say Chastain Won't Be In True Detective S2
m Ebola toll tops 1550 as outbreak accelerates, WHO says
b Taco Bell pokes fun at McDonalds in promoting new breakfast line
b RECALL: My Sweet Love is a "burn hazard"
b Disney set to acquire Maker Studio, one of YouTube's largest content providers
e Review: 'Veronica' a solid cinematic turn
e World News of the day From Across the Globe /
t Brazilians snub World Cup to rob Samsung
e Ed Sheeran Is Triumphant at the 2014 MTV Video Music Awards; Acclaimed  ...
m Wikipedia Could Predict Flu Outbreaks
b Revised Chicago Petcoke Ordinance 'Opens The Door' For More Dirty Facilities  ...
b Argentinas A343 at Barcelona on Jul 5th 2014, runway incursion
t Ford unveils 50 Year Limited Edition Mustang at New York Auto Show: Vroom  ...
t Dr Dre becomes hip-hop's first billionaire after Apple acquires Beats [WATCH]
e Blues legend, King of 'Swamp Pop' Johnny Winter dies at 70
b Gold scores biggest monthly gain since February
e Steven Moffat Reveals Actual Details For Sherlock Season 4!
e 'As long as I am alive, any book purporting to be with my cooperation is a  ...
t Scientists Record 16-Foot Swells in Arctic Ocean, Quickening Ice Breakage
m Dark Chocolate may Help PAD Patients to Walk Little Longer and Farther
b OPENTABLE SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Former SEC Attorney Willie Briscoe and  ...
b Cena Wins WWE Title, Seth Rollins Wins Briefcase at Money in the Bank
b Citi warns that dovish ECB could hurt euro
e Pretty Texas cheerleader in spotlight for Southern African hunting spree
b McDonald's Profit Sinks on Beef Price Rise and Falling Foot Traffic
t Ford to reimburse motorists after lowering some fuel-economy ratings
t Facebook expands 'I'm a Voter' feature to international users
t Homeland Security Tells Americans To Avoid Using Internet Explorer
t Facebook to acquire Oculus VR for $2bn
e Good thing it's temporary: Julia Louis-Dreyfus' Constitution tattoo contains a  ...
t Facebook manipulates content for experiment
e 'KUWTK' Season 9, Episode Spoilers, Video: Bruce Jenner Gets Highlights  ...
e Rihanna's Camp Comments On RiRi's (Now Deleted) 'Free Palestine' Tweet
e The New Captain America's New Costume: A Closer Look
t MacBook Air Reissued With Longer Battery for $100 Less
t PayPal: fingerprint-secured payments come to the Galaxy S5
e Nick Cannon Dons on Whiteface, Says There's a "Difference Between Humor  ...
b Forex snapshot
m Dad develops 'bionic pancreas' to help diabetic son
e Ex-TV Judge Joe Brown Arrested in Tennessee for Contempt of Court
b Chipotle Profit Rises on Stronger Restaurant Traffic
e By: MARK KENNEDY
t Verizon And AT&T To Begin “All New HTC One” Sales On Tuesday at 1PM?
b Alibaba Dominates Mobile Commerce In China, With 76% Of All Sales And  ...
t MH370: Families in China will get updates
t Apple results top estimates
m FDA approves headband to prevent migraines
e The Walking Dead Season 5: “No Character is Too Popular to Die”
t A Renderer of iPhone 6 Killer From Samsung in the Gold Case Hits the Web
e Lebron James - Lebron James Set For Apatow Comedy
b Fiat shares jump over VW takeover rumour
t Capitol Alert: California Senate switches, supports cell phone 'kill switch'
e Elsa Pataky, Chris Hemsworth: 'Avengers' Actor And Wife Welcome Twin Boys  ...
t Samsung to unveil new foldable tablet in 2015
b Sandwich Maker Quiznos Files For Bankruptcy
e Glu Mobile Launches Kim Kardashian: Hollywood
t What Irreversible Antarctic Ice Melt Could Mean for Some US Cities
b World stocks set for quarterly gains
e Karrueche Tran Blue Ivy Hair Scandal: Tran, BET Apologize - Beyhive Twitter  ...
e Prince Addresses the Social Media Age on New Song, From One of Two New  ...
e Review: A glorious 'Bullets Over Broadway' kills
t How Google Glass can tackle Parkinson's
e Whoopi Goldberg Adds "Weed Columnist" To Her Resume
t How To Use An Xbox One Controller On PC
t New Apple software could be just as exciting as new gadgets
e Elsa of Frozen Cast On Once Upon A Time
t Livestream Launches Google Glass App So You Can Share Your Experiences  ...
b As smartphone sales tank, Samsung stares down a 25% drop in profits
b China, Russia strike gas deal
b Russia closes first McDonald's restaurant outside Moscow
e Ryan Reynolds Got Booed At Cannes, Sia's Live Remake Of 'Chandelier': Celeb  ...
m Guinea reports 78 deaths from 'unprecedented' Ebola outbreak
e Morgan Freeman, But on Helium
b NBS: China's manufacturing PMI up to 51.7% in July
m Still covered
e Don't blame Giants fan Hugh Jackman for destruction of RFK Stadium in new X  ...
b 1Q 2014: Facebook Tops 1B Mobile MAUs; Revenue Of $2.27B Up 82% Year  ...
b MARKET SNAPSHOT: US Stocks Edge Higher After Fed Statement
b Fiat's biggest shareholder denies Volkswagen takeover approach
t Apple adds cameras and colors to now $199 16GB iPod touch, drops 32/64GB  ...
e Picasso painting reveals hidden man
t Oceana Report Names Nine 'Dirty" US Fisheries, Highlights Huge Bycatch Waste
b Bond Market Informs Fed about its Hiked Interest Rate Forecast
e Justin Bieber, Selena Gomez Perform Sexy Dance Routine: Watch Now!
t Amazon expected to launch its first smartphone on June 18; likely to come with a  ...
m 1 in 3 breast cancer survivors end up unemployed: Study
b Groupon Inc (GRPN) Updates Q2 Earnings Guidance
e INFINITE IMPROBABILITY: Disney orders the destruction of a universe… sort of
m Merck pushes ahead with experimental hepatitis C drug
t The playlist isn't close to killing the album
e Not sure what to study? How about MILEY CYRUS
b US truck-stop company to pay $92M fine for scheme
e SCHUMER: LAST WEEK'S DEADLY TRUCK CRASH IS YET ANOTHER  ...
t State Senate passes bill requiring kill switch on cell phones
e Anna Kendrick Wants to Play North West in SNL's Kim Kardashian & Kanye West  ...
t E3 2014: Microsoft's Phil Spencer Says Gamers "Won" E3
t Jeep® and Mopar Brands Reveal Six New Concept Vehicles for 48th Annual  ...
e 'Duck Dynasty's Phil Robertson restates anti-gay beliefs in Easter sermon
b Oil down as Iraq supply concerns ease
b Bank of America, Ken Lewis agree to settlement in Merrill case
t Apple's 'Back to School' deal offers gift cards for iOS and Mac purchases
b U.S. pending home sales fall 0.8% in February
m New Stool Test for Colon Cancer Shows Promise
m Semen problems? You may have a greater risk of dying
b Online ad revenues surpass broadcast TV for first time in US history
m Sex via lab-grown vagina as joyous!
b DEALTALK-Time Warner investors want higher bid, bigger cash ratio from  ...
t Scientists: 'Weird' dinosaur roamed alongside T. rex
e Beyoncé is world's most powerful celebrity
e MJ sings from the grave
t Jury leaves damages Samsung must pay Apple unchanged at $119.6 million
e Nobel laureate Garcia Marquez dies at 87
e Marvel cranks up sarcasm and 70s sound for 'Guardians of the Galaxy'
b Amazon CEO offers update on grocery services, drones
b US jobless claims at seven-year low, signal firming economy
t Click It or Ticket Memorial Day Holiday Enforcement
b Market overview: UK services PMI rises to four-month high
m Extraordinary 'Luke Skywalker' prosthetic arm approved in US
e Elizabeth Olsen engaged
m Medicare tightens oversight of drug prescribing
e HBO's 'True Detective' Was A Perfect Short-Term TV Commitment
b Wheat and soybeans gain, corn and oats fall on the CBOT; beef and pork higher  ...
e Review: Deliver Us From Evil
e People's 'World's Most Beautiful' list 2014
b Yellen's first meeting as Fed leader expected to lead to further pullback in  ...
e Over 100000 People Attend 44th Annual Pride Parade in San Francisco
t First of four total lunar eclipses offers Edmontonians view of 'cosmic symphony'
e Report: 'Happy' video dancers freed in Iran
e The GQ+A: Human Ken Doll Justin Jedlica on Meeting Human Barbie
e Taylor Swiftâ€™s Mansion Was The Place To Be This July 4th: Ask Emma Stone  ...
e Did Gay Dance Culture Cause the AIDS Crisis?
b BP Whiting refinery spills 9 to 18 barrels of oil -Coast Guard
t Lunar Eclipse April 2015: Christians, Pastor John Hagee on Four Blood Moons  ...
t Microsoft ends free support for Windows XP today
b Dov Charney Makes Headway in His Takeover Bid of American Apparel
e Kristen Stewart and Chloe Moretz star in new trailer for 'Clouds of Sils Maria  ...
e Robert De Niro Opens Up About His Homosexual Father
t Sprint Wants T-Mobile, But Don't Count On It
e Market Update (NASDAQ:SBUX): Starbucks Annual Shareholders Meeting  ...
b CO Governor signs two marijuana saftey bills into law
e 'Orphan Black' star works five times as hard as other actors
b ECB holds fire on rates, June steps under scrutiny
b Draghi speech may weigh on euro
e Morgan Freeman Inhales Helium In Advert... And It's Mind-blowing
e Mark Ruffalo Blames Ben Affleck For Ending His Friendship With Costar Jennifer  ...
t Nasa's Moon-Orbiting Robot Crashes Down
e 'Bachelorette' star Andi Dorfman supposedly slept with two contestants
e Met Gala 2014: Beyoncé & Jay Z, Rihanna, Kanye West & Kim Kardashian  ...
e Jenny McCarthy Leaving 'The View' Following Sherri Shepherd's Exit: Report
e JetBlue flight attendant refuses to let 3-year-old use bathroom during delay
e Holy Thursday: Take Up the Basin and Towel
e Chris Colfer fired from 'Glee': Exit tweet reportedly a hoax, is Kurt Hummel  ...
e Listen to Chris Brown Bring Along Usher, Rick Ross for 'New Flame'
e Common asks for moment of silence for Ferguson at MTV VMAs
b General Motors CEO Apologizes For Deaths Tied To Recalled Cars
e Hospitalized Deryck Whibley Says He Nearly Died Due to Alcohol Addiction
e 22 Jump Street 2014: Spoilers, Easter Eggs, Review!
t Apple Inc. Files For 'Transparent Texting' Patent
b Ahead of the ECB meeting tomorrow Schroders comments on the rising risk of  ...
e Robin Thicke Performing at Billboard Music Awards
b Tech industry needs more diverse workforce
b Alcoa swings to 2Q profit of $138M, revenue flat - WXOW News 19 La Crosse, WI  ...
t Elephants Judge Human Threats With Ethnic Profiling
b EPA proposes Pebble Mine restrictions
t Regulators accuse T-Mobile of reaping millions from bogus billing
e Zendaya Exits Aaliyah Lifetime Biopic - Actress Opens Up About Departure At  ...
e Peaches Geldof credited sons for healing her years of struggle in final interview
t Google Significantly Reduces Google Drive Prices, Tempts You to Jump Into the  ...
e 'Jurassic World' Director Jumps on 'Guardians' Buzz With New Chris Pratt Picture
t Scientists Discover 101 Geysers on Enceladus
b New York AG files suit against Barclays
e 'Mad Men' recap: Of Waterloo, the moon and Bert
t Chrysler reports US sales up 17% in May
b Fed Proposes Rule to Limit Concentration in Finance
b Honda profit beats estimates on cost cuts, Japan sales
b PRECIOUS-Gold steady near 4-week low; stronger equities, data weigh
t Intel Shows Off Reference Design Aimed At Education Based Chromebooks
b 3 Country ETFs to Avoid on High Oil Price - ETF News And Commentary
e Jolie's 'Maleficent' a fun hero-villainess
t SAP alters data warehousing with Business Warehouse 7.4
e Emma Watson is a vision in white on Noah premiere's ocean-themed carpet
e When can you tweet a celebrity photo? Actress Heigl sues drugstore over Twitter  ...
t Some facts about net neutrality
t GM joins Takata airbag frenzy
m A billion people still defecate in the open: UN
b Dubai Launches Project To Build World's Biggest Mall
e One Direction fans divided as video appears to show Zayn smoking marijuana
b AP ENTERPRISE: US to use tax law on Russian banks
b White House defends meeting with billionaire environmentalist and party donor  ...
b Boeing wins 82-plane, $8.8 billion order from China
m Drug for HIV babies tested in Canada
m Prostate cancer among young up six times in 20 years
e Madonna titillates with joke Met Gala bandage outfit
m Doctors Confirm Oscar Pistorius Was NOT Suffering From Mental Illness When  ...
b Britain set to hold first same-sex weddings
b Pay-TV providers see first yearly customer loss
m Michigan Girl Charlotte Ponce To Get New Ear After Raccoon Ate Half Her Face Off
e Beyoncé makes “having it all” into a show-stopping 20-minute spectacle
e Miley Cyrus makes date rape joke onstage at GAY
m Lassa Fever Reported in US Traveler Returning from West Africa, April 4, 2014
t How to change your eBay password
e Spider-Man 2 earns $US92m at opening
e Say it ain't so! Kim K relaunching her pop career
m MSHA moves to cut coal-dust exposure for miners
t Draft Of Upcoming IPCC Report Presents Stark View Of The Future As Climate  ...
e Should we lower our expectations for new Michael Jackson album 'Xscape'
e 'American Idol' 2014: Jessica Meuse or Alex Preston Could be Sent Home  ...
m Lab-developed medical tests to recieve FDA oversight
t Samsung Galaxy S5 review
b Men's Wearhouse buying rival Jos. A. Bank
m CDC details alcohol-related deaths in state
b What's Up With This Green Coca-Cola?
b Hewlett-Packard to cut 16000 jobs worldwide
m Dangerous Ebola Attacks Sisters
e Mom's the word: Readers share their memorable Mother's Day moments
e Prinze: Sutherland Is 'Most Unprofessional Dude in the World'
e Scott Disick Gets Served by Khloe Kardashian During Hamptons Tennis Match  ...
e The Best Photos of Blue Ivy Carter at the VMAs
e Alex Trebek breaks Guinness World Record as game show host
t Lightning storm video
e 'Transformers' tops 'Tammy' to lead weak weekend
t Researchers solve mystery of why octopuses do not tie themselves up in knots
b Watch This Crucial Metric When Intel Corporation Reports Earnings Today
b #Amazoncart: Hashtag Shopping With Twitter, Amazon
b Coach Stock Is on the Ropes; Short COH Now
e Hollered, But They Didn't Hear: How Advertising Still Doesn't Understand Hip Hop
e Robin Thicke - Robin Thicke Drew Inspiration For New Music Video From  ...
b Inmarsat to release satellite data on MH370
e They Found Out Who Miley's Homeless Guy Is
t After Reportedly Blowing Up iPhones, Apple Plans to Make a Bigger iPad
e Pitbull & Jennifer Lopez Tell Everyone We Are One In The World Cup's Official  ...
e BEIJING: Girlfriend of missing American writes to him online - WNCN: News  ...
t Adobe offers Voice app for videos, storytelling
b Apple set to get Beats in $3.2B deal
b AbbVie Buys Shire For $54 Billion; Shire Reports Earnings ABBV SHPG
b Shire rebuffs raider with vow to double sales
t Net-A-Porter offers Google Glass standard and sunglass options online
b India may not impose anti-dumping duty on solar power gear imports
e Robin Thicke has no idea if he'll win Paula Patton back
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Active review: a true flagship in a ruggedized body
b World share markets up on ECB hopes; gold at one-month low
t Windows XP diehards to fend off hackers on own
b TAKE A LOOK-Asia c.banks: BOJ stands pat, Indonesia holds policy rate
b VIDEO: Two planes nearly collide on Barcelona runway
e 'How I Met Your Mother': Grade the series finale!
e Steve Martin dismisses 'Father of the Bride 3' rumours
m Expensive Food Tastes Better?
t Can Google's New Set-Top Box Overtake Apple TV?
b Forex - Japanese yen steady ahead of trade data, BoJ
b Mobileye NV Prices Initial Public Offering
e Matt Damon Dumps Toilet Water Over Head, And More Of 'What's Trending  ...
b The Market Insider
b Workers escape large garage collapse in California
m Horseshoe Lake County Park closed after swimmers report illness
m Why do we still believe all the mumbo ju mbo about the MMR vaccine?
b Asiana crash hearing 'to focus on pilots'
t 8 Crucial Reasons to Download iOS 7.1 Now
b ECB Aware of Risks From Low Inflation, Draghi Says -- Update
t You Can Text 911 Now
e Spielberg's Cold War thriller, Dahl adaptation get release dates
b GameStop Faces New Threat From Wal-Mart
b WWE Money in the Bank 2014 Matches: Best Finishes for Each Match on the Card
e Brad Pitt, Angelina Jolie to team up for new film?
e Rovio Prepares To Roll Out Angry Birds Transformers
e Weekend Box Office: God said to Noah, "There's gonna be some money money"
t California DMV sets regulations for testing self-driving vehicles. Hello, robo-cars!
t T-Mobile Unveils unRadio Premium Music Streaming Service
e Cameron Diaz In A Sex Tape... Need We Say More?!
e Nick Cannon spoils 'Dem Babies' with Disney toys as they celebrate Mariah  ...
t Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 7.0 Specs and Images; Tab 3 Comparison
t Tweet Causes Sony Exec John Smedley's Flight to Be Diverted
t Microsoft to end support of Windows XP OS
t North Carolina Closer to Up to 1 Gigabit Network Speeds
e 'The Walking Dead' season 4 finale spoilers: Josh McDermitt teases Terminus  ...
t Facebook Totally Screwed with a Bunch of People in the Name of Science
b UPDATE 2-3D Systems gross margin slips, shares slide
e WHAT'S HAPPENING IN HIP-POP: Angelina Jolie Honored By Queen Elizabeth  ...
e Video: Miranda Lambert, Lionel Richie, Hunter Hayes, Ariana Grande and more  ...
e Tensions mount as Lindsay Lohan clashes with dad Michael and has tearful row  ...
e 3.9M tune in for 'Sharknado 2' premiere on Syfy Wednesday night
t A second Sedna! What does it mean?
b Legislators applaud Target's 'no guns' stand
e Beyoncé & Jay Z Are Touring Together!!!! Get Deets On Their 20-Stadium  ...
e Weird Al has a big dictionary in 'Blurred Lines' parody
e Brian 'Astro' Bradley goes from 'X-Factor' contestant to Hollywood movie star
e The Voice 2014: Best Performance From Season 6 Battle Rounds — March 24  ...
t Microsoft announces 5 million Xbox One sales, 2 million behind PS4
t Samsung Galaxy S2 Owners Get A Stable Android 4.4 KitKat ROM For Download
e Angelina Jolie Never Thought Children And Love Were In Her Future
b Orbital Sciences Surges Out of Elon Musk's Shadow in Space Race
e Seth Rogen leads charge after 'anti-Semitic' Macklemore performance
b US Retail Sales Rise for Fourth Straight Month in May
b need2know: Shares to rise on Yellen
b TECH STOCKS: Twitter Shares Slump As Lock-up Period Ends
b ECB Gives Details of Targeted Long-Term Repo Operations: Text
t Xbox One sales double in US after disconnecting Kinect
b Retail inflation in March rises to 8.31% on higher vegetable price
t Evidence of cosmic inflation expands understanding of universe's origins
e Are You Feeling the Draft?– Draft Day
e Police: Justin Bieber claimed foot fracture in Florida
e TV-Colbert-Missed Opp_Piet.jpg
e Hello, what's happened to Avril?
b As Grilling Season Arrives, Beef Prices On the Rise
b German airline Lufthansa cancels 3800 flights due to pilots' strike, 425000  ...
b Engineering strike to go ahead on July 1 - NUMSA
e Captain America sets an April box office record
b Cab drivers push for ride-share company regulations
e Weird Al Yankovic, 'Mandatory Fun': 5 Fast Facts You Need to Know
m School lunches: Local 5-year-old cries when she has to eat school lunch
t Watch Dogs install size on PS4 vs. Xbox One, PC
e What does Justin Bieber's wedding proposal post mean for him and Selena Gomez
b Turkish consumers' mood down in May
m US witnesses cases of mosquito-borne chikungunya virus
e President Barack Obama Reaffirms US Position On China-Japan Territorial  ...
b Morgan Stanley Stays Profitable
t 8 Ways to Protect Yourself From Microsoft's Dangerous Internet Explorer Bug
e Flight Attendant Turns Safety Demonstration Into Comedy Routine, Because  ...
m Blood Test Accurately Predicts Alzheimer's
t General Motors adds 1.7 million more vehicles to recall list
b US govt to sell most of Ally Financial stake
e Former New York Times editor says leading newsroom was honor
t Asteroids as Powerful as Nuclear Bombs Hit Earth Surprisingly Often
b Bakken field production reaches 1 billion bbl mark
e Lana Del Rey - West Coast
e Rio 2 movie review: It's a mild entertaining fare!
e Zac Efron labeled a hero, reportedly saves bodyguard's life
e Rihanna & Eminem Will Be 'Monster' Performers at MTV Movie Awards 2014!
m Faster DNA sequencing techniques more likely to improve care for patients with  ...
e The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back  ...
e Kim Kardashian-Kanye West Paris Wedding: Will Khloe Kardashian Invite Lamar  ...
t Leak on new Samsung phone a 'mistake'
e Avengers: Age Of Ultron's Robert Downey Jr. And His Wife Are Expecting A Baby  ...
t Total lunar eclipse: Watchers see 'blood moon'
e One last Silly Walk? This reunion will be it for Monty Python
b AbbVie and Shire seal $55B, tax-slashing deal
m WHO confirms new Ebola outbreak in Democratic Republic of the Congo
e Jessica Simpson marries American footballer Eric Johnson
b Forex - Kiwi gains after trade, eyes on heavy data day in Japan
t Amazon 3D hologram phone with six cameras and 4.7-inch screen allegedly  ...
t National climate report details how our weather is already changing
e Newsmakers: Age of text referring to Jesus' wife affirmed
t The problem with global warming is the 'we must act' part
m Surgeons ready to attempt 'suspended animation' technique on humans
t Apps push Microsoft to let Office go mobile
e Amazon Launches Spotify-Like Prime Music
b Procter & Gamble 3rd-quarter net income edges up on cost cuts, revenue slips  ...
e Captain America 2: The Winter Soldier review: emotional resonance in a world of  ...
e Noah, film review: 'Soggy and bombastic'
e The Forum To Host MTV's 2014 VMAs
b Tyson Foods Comments on Hillshire Brands Withdrawal of Board  ...
b UPDATED: Cargill closing Milwaukee slaughterhouse, cutting 600 jobs
e Lea Michele latest victim of Twitter hacker after Glee co-star Chris Colfer
e NFL Seeking $16.6 Million From M.I.A, for Halftime Middle Finger
e Allegations of sexual harassment at Comic-Con
m Expensive Food Likely To Taste Better
e Michael Jackson fans mark 5th anniversary of icon`s death
t HTC One (M8) announced
e Laverne Cox Makes Glamorous 2014 Emmys Red Carpet Entrance
e Valerie Harper denies report that she is cancer-free
t Julie Ann Horvath Describes Sexism And Intimidation Behind Her GitHub Exit
e Lindsay Lohan Sues Grand Theft Auto V!
b Lithium Technologies Acquires Klout–Ties Social Media Influence to Brand  ...
b Producer prices rise 0.5% in US
t EBay hack leaves many questions unanswered
b Watch two planes narrowly avoid collision at Barcelona airport
b European stocks wobble; German Ifo data disappoint
e Cannes Critics Slam Ryan Gosling's Directorial Debut
e Lucas museum announcement meets with mixed reactions
b BNP, US prosecutors reportedly near settlement for US$9b
e 'Thor' star's pregnant wife admitted to hospital
m Get in the pink with fundraiser
t Column: Creating a two-speed Internet
e Beverly Hills News – Funeral Services Pending for Paul Mazursky
b 2 Planes Nearly Collided At Newark Airport, Report Says
e Should Dutch girl, 14, be charged for 'terror tweet' at American Airlines?
t Antarctic ice melting 'unstoppable'
e 'Jurassic World' Gets New Pics, Animatronic Dinos, And Possibly Several  ...
e New Dawn Of The Planet Of The Apes promos show the impact of Simian Flu  ...
e X-Men gang towers over N. America holiday box office
b The week ahead in economics: The jobs report and long-term unemployment
e Cool Stuff: “Hail Caesar” Dawn of the Planet of the Apes Illustrated Poster
t Huawei's Ascend P7 Wants To Be The LTE Phone Of The People
e The Voice: Snarking The Finale Cuz It's Fun
e Michelle Obama honors Anna Wintour at Met
e SPOLIER ALERT! Game of Thrones Cast React To Latest Episode Twist!
e Anna Paquin makes final cut of X-Men: Days of Future Past
t The biggest story in the world
m Study says 3-D scanning may detect more breast cancer
t Quest for extraterrestrial life not over, experts say
m Chinese Students Vulnerable to Cigarettes: Survey
b USD/JPY Drops Below 101.00 As BOJ Refrains From Further Stimulus
e Seth Rogen Slams Critic For Santa Barbara Shooting Article
t PM Narendra Modi Draws Twitter, Facebook Deeper into Government
e Kevin Sharp Dies at 43
e Alexa Ray Joel Speaks Out After Collapsing At Show
b European stocks close flat
t Titanfall's first DLC is called Expedition, 2v2 Last Titan Standing mode on the way
b Fed chief Janet Yellen set to force banks to hold more capital
e Kim and Kanye's guest list: who did and didn't attend the wedding
e Frances Bean Cobain lashes out over comments 'romanticizing' death
t AMZN: Amazon Opens Wearable Technology Store
e 95% Want to see it
t Pentagon's Gen. Shelton: End Reliance on Russian Rockets
b San Francisco Fighting Against Explotive Parking Apps
e Coachella 2014: Parties bring Hollywood excess to the desert
b General Motors Knew About Faulty Engines For Over a Decade, Issue Recall  ...
t (MKTW) BlackBerry Reinforces Mobile Security Leadership with Acquisition of  ...
b Twitter Stock Surges as CEO Costolo Makes Case for Growth
b Negative rates may not make euro zone banks lend more, BIS chief says
m Lower back pain named biggest cause of disability
b Firm in line for oil compensation windfall
t Sony Announces White PS4 Destiny Bundle
b Redskins respond to US Patent Office siding with Obama, Reid in trademark ruling
b Washington Redskins: US patent office strips NFL team of trademark protection
b Mortgage Rates Flat Today at US Bank, Chase and Quicken Loans (March 22)
t Microsoft offices in China raided by authorities
t World court orders temporary halt to Japanese whaling in Antarctic
t Ford recalls 700000 Escapes, C-Max hybrids to fix air bag software
e Michelle Obama, Victoria Beckham, and More Kick Off Met Ball Mania!
m Girl mauled by raccoon as a baby will have a right ear made of her ribs
b Florida expected to get large share of SunTrust settlement
m Senegal has 'well-oiled system' to stop Ebola
e 'Full House' cast reunites at Dave Coulier and Melissa Bring's wedding
t 44% of Twitter accounts are dormant
t Titanfall Expedition DLC Announced By Respawn, New Modes Explained
e 'Orange Is the New Black' releases season 2 trailer
t How to fix more Android 4.3 problems on the Galaxy S3
b How Will Hormel Foods (HRL) Stock Respond to CytoSport Buy?
t Toyota $1.2 billion penalty could offer glimpse into GM's future
t Facebook users like Lab Rats after DoD mind control experiment revealed
t GM is Now Recalling 506873 More Vehicles
e 'The Brady Bunch' Star Ann B. Davis Dies at 88
e Twitter user tweets 'joke' terror threat at airline
e Ryan Gosling's Lost River: Matt Smith in first teaser trailer - watch
m Panda Faked Pregnancy for Extra Treats
t Canaccord Genuity Increases Apple Price Target to $695.00 (AAPL)
b Bill Ackman, Carl Icahn Make Peace
t 'Queen of GitHub' who quit over gender harassment offers...
b Posted by Muhammad Iqbal
e 'The Bachelor' spoilers: 3 rumors to choose from, who will win? (video)
e Aronofsky's Biblical epic 'Noah' is a bit of everything — except boring
e Rita Ora used earpiece on 50 Shades of Grey to stop forgetting lines
b Iraqi violence threatens world oil industry's balance
e George Clooney's fiancee Amal Alamuddin's law firm confirms plans to marry
b Aviation an important catalyst for economic development: PM
b Pfizer Pressing Charm Offensive Over Potential AstraZeneca Buy
e Why we mourn celebrities
e Morgan upgraded to fair condition after NJ crash
t Facebook Pulls Camera and Poke Apps From the App Store
e Movie Review: "Transformers: Age of Extinction" (Rated PG-13)
e Lena Dunham reveals Girls has helped her accept her figure... as she turns  ...
m Pistorius of sound mind when he killed Reeva, experts find
e Jennifer Lawrence, One Direction big winners at Kid's Choice Awards
t Playstation 4 sales top 7 million
t Apple seeks Samsung product ban, retrial in second California lawsuit
m Don't Fear The Fat: Experts Question Saturated Fat Guidelines
e Harrison Ford to miss eight weeks of shooting with broken ankle
e Zachary Levi Secretly Marries Girlfriend Missy Peregrym In Maui, Shares  ...
t AT&T to Netflix: 'There Is No Free Lunch'
b Kellogg Company Named a World's Most Ethical Company
t This Teaser Video Hints At An Electric Harley
t California lawsuit claims more GM vehicles faulty than in recall
e Uncoupling, conscious or not, tears people apart
m CDC: Most measles cases in nearly 20 years
t Report: US FCC to allow payments for speedier traffic
t Return of Master Chief: Microsoft launching Halo TV series, Halo 5 game in 2015
t Apple launches cheaper version of its iPhone 5c
e Coachella 2014: Celebrities Including Katy Perry, Jared Leto, Rita Ora  ...
b Target, for First Time, Chooses an Outsider as CEO
e Lindsay Lohan Sues Rockstar over Grand Theft Auto V Character Likeness
m Waxman takes aim at Gilead over Sovaldi pricing
e Charlie Sheen blasted Rihanna for declining to meet his fiancee
t Google Plans First Retail Space Near NYC Apple Store
e Kate Upton's Romp in 'The Other Woman' Draws Bo Derek '10' Comparisons
m Getting colon cancer screening can save a life
e Teen moonwalks to fame with epic Michael Jackson dance
b Bund yields rise as some see euro zone inflation picking up
e Robin Thicke Debuts 'Get Her Back' At Billboard Music Awards 2014
m Spread of polio is an international public health emergency, World Health  ...
b Verizon Plans Major Expansion of Its On-Site Green Energy Program; Company  ...
b US STOCKS-Futures point to lower open after record close
t Driverless cars could be on UK streets in six months
b Wisconsin Energy To Buy Integrys In $9.1 Bln Deal
t Diamond the size of Earth: White dwarf star found, going viral
e RIP Gabriel Garcia Marquez: Nobel-winning Colombian author dies at 87
b Chipotle Mexican Grill Sees Strong Trading Volume After Analyst Upgrade (CMG)
b Fed's Lacker: Sustained acceleration of growth unlikely
m Saudi Arabia records 2 more deaths, new infections from potentially fatal MERS  ...
t Facebook gives vanishing messages another go with Slingshot
e 'Wish I Was Here' review: funny, touching, soul-searching
b China and Vietnam at each others necks after Vietnamese fishing boat sinks in  ...
m Smallpox Vials Found Unaccounted For In Cardboard Boxes; Unknown If  ...
e Beyoncé and Jay Z show never-before-seen wedding footage
e Peaches Geldof: A Retrospective
e Is a Kim Kardashian video game on the way?
b Supreme Court to hear Teva appeal
b Carney hints at increase in interest rates this year
b Both Sides in Obamacare Fight Slam Census Bureau
b UPDATE 1-Philip Morris to stop cigarette production in Australia
b FireEye revenue nearly triples
e How will 'The Bachelorette' handle the tragic death of Eric Hill?
b Google Given "Buy" Rating at Jefferies Group (GOOGL)
e 'Scandal' season 3, episode 15 spoilers: Fitz and Mellie's children arrive
e Katy Perry, John Legend Lead 2014 Mid-Year Streaming Chart
e Actress Angelina Jolie made an honorary Dame
e Gwyneth Paltrow and Coldplay's Chris Martin separate
t The new blacklist: Woe be to the victims of the 'gay mafia'
t Will it be Apple versus Google for control of your smart home?
t Microsoft says under antitrust probe in China
b EU approves aid for Bulgarian banks
e Lindsay Lohan reveals she had a miscarriage: 'It's a long story'
e Kate Winslet 'overwhelmed' by star
e Jon Hamm says working in adult movies was 'soul-crushing'
t Google target of new anti-trust accusations
e Nick Cannon's Dad BLASTS Mariah Carey: She's An Overweight Liar!
t April Blood Moon Kicks Off Lunar Eclipse Quartet
t Jupiter's spot shrinking; ninjas arrested; Red Lobster sold; more: What's trending?
t Xbox One To Launch In 26 Additional Markets In September, Including Japan  ...
e Vincent Van Gogh's Ear Printed Using Living Tissue
b China's exports and imports rebound
e Jonah Hill Says Sorry for Homophobic Slur: Watch his Heartfelt Apology
b Etowah unemployment rate rises; state remains steady
t Office for iPad is free, but it'll cost you
b Deutsche Bank (DB): Heavy Pre-Market Activity
e Live coverage of 'American Idol' 2014 finale: Join the discussion as Jena and  ...
b 'National interest' at stake in bids for France's Alstom
b European Cities Face Gridlock as Cabbies Protest Against Uber
e Harrison Ford Can't Shoot Star Wars for 8 Weeks
t Amazon's Purchase of Live-Streaming Game Site Twitch Worth Close to $1 Billion
m I was diagnosed with autism as an adult – it's not just children who are affected
m NYPD Officers to Carry Antidote Drug for Heroin Overdoses
e Bad Words Directed by Jason Bateman
e Legendary movie star Mickey Rooney dies at 93 (with 2005 Miami Herald  ...
e 'Game of Thrones' Review: The 'Mockingbird' Gives Just As It Receives
b Tesla Reaches Profitable Truce in Ohio - Analyst Blog
e Jamie Foxx to Play Mike Tyson in New Film
b Highway crisis looms, White House warns
b Mountain of dirt suspected in bridge closure - Spokane, North Idaho News  ...
b Billionaire Status! Dr. Dre Is Selling Beats To Apple For $3.2 Billion
t Board members resign after management changes at Mozilla
e Box Office Upset: "Neighbors" Defeats "The Amazing Spider-Man 2"
e Game of Thrones Season Premiere Recap 4/6/14: Prince Oberyn Martell  ...
t Good Bet or Huge Gamble? Microsoft's Vision for the Future
t Microsoft: Nokia's Android X2 experiment ends, enter Windows Phone
e Movie review: Purge sequel destined for DVD and VOD
e Ouch! Pregnant Mila Kunis Planning Natural Birth With No Drugs
e 'How I Met Your Mother' finale: Here's hoping the ending is funny
m White House touts Medicaid expansion for Texas
e Captain America tops box office for second week
m Number of Americans Over 65 Could Double in Next 20 Years
e Kim Kardashian & Kanye West First Wedding Photos Release
e Why Stephen Colbert leaving 'The Colbert Report' for 'The Late Show' is good  ...
t Crops with Clans: How Zynga rethought FarmVille 2 for the post-Facebook  ...
b Just got easier to not get audited for filing your taxes
e 'The View': Sherri Shepherd, Jenny McCarthy Out
e Diddy Is No More, Puff Daddy Returns For New Album
b The Referendum Card
m FDA Moves to Regulate E-Cigarettes
e 4 surprising places to encounter God
t UPDATE 1-Amazon to unveil smartphone in time for winter holidays -WSJ
e Road To Bonnaroo Day Two: New Orleans' Musical Madness
b Editorial: China's license to hack
t iPhone 6 Release Date: Late Launch of Bigger Model Hinted; Smaller Battery  ...
b IRS Releases Data on Last Year's Activities
e US tells Iran that UN envoy pick is 'not viable'
e Angelina Jolie Will Never Complain, Basically Tells Gwyneth Paltrow to Zip It
b Effects of Health Care Compact uncertain as debate continues
t Deadly Asteroids Strike Earth More Often Than Previously Believed
e 'The Bachelor' Season 18 (2014) Finale (Episode 11): Who is the Winner? Next  ...
e Dancer Launches Lawsuit Against Britney Spears Over Broken Nose
e There's a Bleak Integrity to James Franco's Adaptation of Cormac McCarthy's  ...
b Inflation: Hot or Not?
b Motorola Solutions Expects $1.8 Bln Of Sales In Q1 - Quick Facts
t GOG Starts its Summer Sale
e My grandfather was gay: Demi Lovato
e Firework safety
e James Cameron Confirms 'All Three Scripts' For New Avatar Movies Will Be  ...
t Amazon Introduces Dash Shopping Accessory, Adds Integration To  ...
b US STOCKS-S&P 500 ends at record on housing, HP; transports fly
t Taking a local approach is key to climate change adaptation, new research shows
m Brown Recluse Bite: Symptoms To Watch For
b SolarCity Bets on Huge Solar Demand Growth With Acquisition of Silevo
b Mayor curbs self over dog poop incident
m REFILE-Researchers to study whether mobile phones affect teenage brains
t Nest Thermostat Is Now Available From The Play Store
m E-cigarettes included in Santa Cruz tobacco smoking regulations
b BOE Supertanker Slowly Turns Towards Tightening Bias
b Candy Crush developer raises almost 500 million dollars in IPO
e Why Nate Berkus' Wedding to Jeremiah Brent Was Historic
e Valerie Harper: 'I'm Cautiously Optimistic' But Not Cancer-Free
b Ukrainians to pay more as state hikes gas prices
b Draghi: ECB will unleash stimulus if euro strengthens further
b In brief: SAC Capital sentenced in insider trading case
t FTC Approves Facebook (FB) WhatsApp Acquisition
b GM recalls 1.7 mn vehicles worldwide; something went 'Very Wrong' at GM, says  ...
b June jobs report shows US recovery is accelerating - WSMV Channel 4
e Harrison Ford To 'Miss Eight Weeks Of Filming' Following Star Wars Injury?
e Nick Cannon Reportedly Claims He Left Mariah Carey First For Sake Of Their Kids
t Microsoft Reportedly Cuts Deep And Fast At Xbox Europe
t WANT GOOGLE GLASS? You can have it for $1500 a pop
e Miley Cyrus performs in her underwear; Kate Upton to sue over fake nude  ...
e Daniel Radcliffe gets raves for 'Cripple of Inishmaan' on Broadway
b TOP NEWS: Barclays Chief Promises To Shed Light On Dark Pool
t Forecast: In 2015, There Will Be About 4 Android Devices For Every Windows Or  ...
t Google forms Glass partnership with Luxottica, company behind Ray-Ban and  ...
t Favorable Climate Helped The Mongolian Empire Of Genghis Khan
e STAGE TUBE: MURDER FOR TWO Welcomes VIOLET to Broadway!
e Game Of Thrones: How Well Do You Know The Series? (VIDEO)
b Reuters: Russian gas flows via Ukraine steady as payment deadline passes
t Apple prepares to split its stock
t Moto E: What the rumours and leaks say
m Pacific Organic Produce Announce Voluntary Recall of Mangos Due to Possible  ...
e 'The Bachelor' ends with Juan Pablo Galavis choosing but not proposing
e Get to Know 'Frozen' Elsa's Human Lookalike Anna Faith Carlson: 'It's a Crazy  ...
b Scientific Games strikes $5.1B deal to buy Bally
b Nokia's first phone post Microsoft deal tipped to be a selfie-friendly 'Superman'
b On equal pay for women, Obama challenges GOP to 'join us in this, the 21st  ...
b Exxon Mobil doubts new policies will disrupt oil and gas market
t Google begins removing data after 'right to be forgotten' case
e Daily Mail apologizes after George Clooney slams 'fabricated' mother-in-law story
t Everything You Need to Know About YouTube Buying Twitch
b EBA Stress Test 2014 - Final Methodology And Scenarios Released
m Middle School "Sexting" Study Reveals Risky Behavior
e Rip Dave Brockie
e Stephen Colbert responds to Twitter backlash: '#CancelColbert — I agree!'
b Should we get involved in Ukraine?
e Miley 'denies JLaw's story'
t Cheetah out, mite is fastest land animal
b Utica Shale Rush Comes to W.Va.
b US consumer confidence slips in March
m Mental health walk this weekend
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4: Review Video Goes In-Depth [edited]
m Jump In Autism Cases May Not Mean It's More Prevalent
e Gareth Edwards Attached To Godzilla 2 & 3
e The Voice: Who Will Win the Battle?
e Review: 'X-Men' another reason for mutant pride
e Brad Paisley teases Westboro Baptist Church protesters with selfie
b Focus back on MH370 pilot because of deleted flight path
t Facebook's two-faced deal: Slate opinion
b Passengers evacuated from Channel Tunnel after breakdown
e Listen: Clint Mansell's Full Score For Darren Aronofsky's 'Noah' Plus New Clip  ...
e 'Expendables 3′ cast rolls into Cannes in tanks
m 1st embryonic stem cells made from adult skin
t Lenovo: IBM, Motorola deals to close by 2015
e 'The Brady Bunch's' Ann B. Davis Dies At 88
t Facebook rolls out "I'm a voter" feature
b The sweet story of Candy Crush: How King.com made its millions
m Polar bear may help cure obesity
b Water wasters in California to face $500 fine
b 3 hours ago Embattled BlackBerry beats expectations with $23M Q1 profit
b Three Reasons Icahn Wants a PayPal Spinoff
t Michael E. Kraft: As evidence of climate change mounts, action is needed
t 4th of July weekend travel is expected to skyrocket
e DiCaprio Linked to Husband's Suicide of Suitcase Model Katie Cleary
e Justin Bieber Dedicates Surprise SXSW Performance to Selena Gomez
t Google and Apple agree to a patent lawsuit ceasefire
m Cuomo: boost HIV tests, treatment to end epidemic by 2020
t Fake app 'Virus Shield' removed from Google Play store
t 'Risk of asteroid hitting Earth higher than thought'
t End of Windows XP support spells trouble for some
t Majority of the Internet will be upgraded in a few weeks: Heartbleed discoverer
t Honeybee colony collapse due to insecticide, study says
e Will Ferrell and Red Hot Chili Peppers' Chad Smith settle feud in epic drum-off
b Investigators look into close calls at Newark Airport
t Happy Silver Anniversary, World Wide Web
b UPDATE 4-Emirates cancels 70-plane A350 order in blow to Airbus, Rolls
t Elon Musk Challenges Air Force One Contract
b easyjet plc: easyJet Trading Update and Pre-Close Statement
t New iPhone 6 Screens To Enter Production By May – Sources
b Bulgaria PM: Work on unsettled issues between Bulgaria, Russia needs to be  ...
e 'What is dis? Is dis for da babies?' Arnold Schwarzenegger Moans About Lack of  ...
e HeldenFiles: 'Normal Heart' tops the week's viewing
b Fed's Yellen: FOMC considering additional measures to address short-term  ...
e Angelina Jolie And Elle Fanning Dress Channel Their Disney Characters In Paris
e British politician treated to Star Wars set visit
t Jury says Samsung infringed Apple patents
e With Aereo, Supreme Court digs into copyright nuances
e How I Met Your Dad Casts Meg Ryan For The Voiceover Role
e Chris Brown Causing Trouble between Kim Kardashian and Kanye West?
t India rejects WHO report saying Delhi has worst air pollution
e 'True Blood' season 7, episode 3 preview: Alexander Skarsgard's story; Anna  ...
e The New Batmobile Pic Tease is All Tarp and Tires
e Kendall and Kylie Jenner Glad They're Not Friends with Selena Gomez
e Jermaine Jackson Not Impressed With Michael Jackson Posthumous Album  ...
t Gadget Freak Review: First Truly Consumer 3D Printer & Hacked 3D Printer  ...
t Scientists say they can make matter from light
e Johnny Winter, Easton resident, remembered as authentic bluesman
e The Crazy Way Anita Baker Found Out About Her Arrest Warrant
e Kendall Jenner documents her first Met Gala on Instagram
b Bank of America earnings down 43 percent as litigation costs explode
m (3rd LD) Samsung chief Lee Kun-hee receives emergency heart treatment
m Recall: Illinois stores may have received tainted beef
t Panel: Warming a big risk to people
e Services for Easter set
e Destiny's Child's 'Say Yes' Music Video Has Dropped!
t Samsung unveils AMOLED screens on Galaxy tablets
b Why people get tattoos of their employer's logo
t Increasing Florida Panther Population
b Claims for unemployment benefits drop
e Jenner boycotts Kimye wedding
b Europe close: Stocks mixed before US Fed's minutes
t Facebook working on drones for Internet.org mission
e James Franco Explains Semi-Naked Instagram Pics
e 'Blended,' with Drew Barrymore and Adam Sandler, is fun
e 9 Movies We Can't Wait To See At The Tribeca Film Festival
b District 90 Schools Going Solar
b Swiss Said to See a Credit Suisse Charge as Destabilizing
b CBO Report: Obamacare Denting Labor Force
t Apple Devices Hacked Overnight
e American Idol 2014 Spoilers: Jena Irene Declared Winner?
m 1 in 20 Patients Are Misdiagnosed Every Year, Study Finds
e Roll Call: Lindsay Lohan Officially Headed To London's West End In 'Speed-The  ...
t Mars 'flying saucer' LDSD splashes down off Hawaii after successful NASA test
t 'Destiny' Release Date This Fall: Watch New E3 Trailer Here
t Google shares how to solve its Rubik's Cube doodle in YouTube video
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West wed in Florence fortress
e Andy Warhol images from Commodore Amiga computer recovered
e Liam 'opens up about Miley split'
e Kourtney Kardashian Shows Off Growing Baby Bump In A Gold Bikini 4th Of July  ...
e GWAR Frontman Died Of Heroin Overdose
t PSA: HTC One (M8) Uses a Nano-SIM; Be Sure to Grab a SIM Cutter!
b IMF Warns of Ukraine Economic Fallout for Eastern Europe
t I Was Assaulted For Wearing Google Glass In The Wrong Part Of San Francisco
b US stocks rise as investors watch Iraq
t NASA's moon-orbiting robot crashes into lunar surface as planned, likely  ...
t New insights about evolving Triceratops in Montana's Hell Creek Formation
b The Russia-China Gas Deal — What Does It Mean for the West?
t Is Google Interested In Virgin Galactic's Space Tourism Business?
t Microsoft releases the Nokia X2 with 1GB of RAM and 4.3-inch display
e How to train your dragons 2 ~ Exclusive Review
b Toyota profit nearly doubles to $17.8bn
b McDonald's is 'joint employer' with franchisees, says labor board
b Thursday's Mortgage Rates at PHH Mortgage Apr 17
t New Report from Reliable Source Reveals Important Details on iPhone 6, iOS 8
b Two life sentences handed out in Kayla Ferrante murder case
e Master of magical realism Gabriel Garcia Marquez dies at 87
t Did Steve Jobs want an Apple TV or not? Apple fanboys are about to get  ...
b Strong exports growth narrows US trade deficit
b S&P 500 pierces through and closes over 2000 mark as rally continues unabated
m Can Cooking With Chocolate Be Healthy?
b Home Depot, Staples, Salesforce.com are stocks to watch
e 'Shield' actor Michael Jace tells police he shot and killed wife
m Liberia confirms two cases of Ebola -WHO
b US judge orders NY bank not to disburse Argentine bond funds
e Seeing The New X-Men? Take Along A Teenager To Explain
b Business Notebook
e Pope Francis meets with Russell Crowe and blesses his latest film Noah
b UPDATE 1-Harbinger offers $10/shr for Central Garden & Pet Co
b High-frequency trading runs over a rigged market: Barry Ritholtz
e Brian May Dishes on New Queen Album
b Russia threatens to cut Ukraine's gas after talks fail
b President Obama to nominate former Procter & Gamble executive Robert  ...
e Kate O'Mara dead at 74: Remembering her life & career
b 10 Things You Need To Know This Morning
b Anyone who started to enroll but isn't finished by Monday will get an extension  ...
b Most Asian Shares Higher
e Kim Kardashian Shares Photos From Star-Studded Weekend – And The Dumb  ...
t Microsoft and Sony Are Both Winning the Console War
t HTC One 2014: Verizon Exclusive 2 Weeks After US Release, Carrier Price Tag  ...
e 'Opie and Anthony' host goes on racist Twitter rant
b News in Breif
t OkCupid urges users to boycott Mozilla Firefox over CEO's support for anti-LGBT  ...
b BMW expands US, Chinese output, plans to sell 2-million vehicles in 2014
e Review: Thicke may win wife back with 'Paula'
b London open: BHP, Aberdeen lead markets higher ahead of data
b Hanoi says Chinese ships ram, sink Vietnamese fishing boat
e Newly-separated Chris Martin offers advice on The Voice - see the video
b Goldman Sachs outshone by Morgan Stanley as rivals release contrasting results
b Sizzling Stocks: Tesla Motors Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA), Kandi Technologies Group  ...
b UK PM seeks further clarification before approving Pfizer-AstraZeneca deal
b Tesla's Gigawatt Factory Would Finally Set to Rest Questions About Electric Car  ...
t Lyrid meteor shower peaks tonight: Time, how to watch live
b Rand Paul: I wouldn't let Putin get away with this
e Lou Lumenick
e Taylor Swift Interrupts Seth Rogen During 'SNL' Monologue: Watch
t Apple, Comcast reported in talks for streaming TV
b German business confidence rises in April: Ifo
t Summer Travel: Iraq Fighting Could Mean Higher Gas Prices
b Pew Research Center: Online News Video Viewership High, But Advertising  ...
b Chicago Blue Line Train Derails, Climbs Escalator at O'Hare International Airport  ...
e GO! Movie Marquee
m Fighting to Breathe: Air Pollution Kills Millions Each Year, Says WHO
b Alibaba: 3 things you didn't know about China's largest e-tailer
b On EPA power to limit greenhouse gases, a Supreme Court compromise
e Kim Kardashian's wedding dress: our pick of the best Kim-inspired gowns
e 'Game of Thrones': Fans react with glee to Purple Wedding
e 'The Walking Dead' Season 5 Spoilers: Robert Kirkman Urges Fans to Rewatch  ...
t Google's attempts to trademark 'Glass' thwarted
m 2% of Doctors Received 24% of Medicare Payments
m Woman in coma delivers healthy baby
e JJ Abrams and Star Wars: I've got a bad feeling about this
e Crowdfunding and media sharing: Webby awards show interactive internet sites  ...
e Krull: The baseball-Passover connection
e Cannes Film Festival 2014: 'Winter Sleep' Wins Palme d'Or; 'White God' Wins Un  ...
e Potato Salad Kickstarter Campaign Raises More Than $60000
t Outrunner Robot can be World's First Robot that can run like Humans at 20 mph
e The Situation Arrested After Brawl With Brother at Family's Tanning Salon
b Taco Bell: 88% Beef 12% Signature Recipe
b While the Dow inches to a new high, the market searches for direction
m FDA: Aspirin a day risky for some
b MH370 found? Scientists believe they know where Malaysia Airlines jet went down
m Routine Blood Test May Detect Cancer
e Lady Gaga And Tony Bennett Announce Their Jazz Album
m Promoting fist bumps could deal a blow to infectious disease, study says
e Final Four Dallas concerts feature Springsteen
t SpaceX chooses Texas for its futuristic launch complex
t Tesla Model S Fire Investigation: Gov't Agency Rules That Incidents Are 'Normal  ...
t LG G Watch vs Motorola Moto 360 vs Samsung Gear Live: Android Wear  ...
e Michael Strahan Makes First Official Appearance as a GMA Cast Member
b China manufacturing shrinks further — analysts still not worried
e Melissa McCarthy used to cry over her weight when she was a young actress
m Measles outbreak hits So. California
e Macklemore Explains His Controversial Costume
e Kim Kardashian's Bikini Photo Carefully Faked!
t Samsung Galaxy S5: 5 Cons You Should Know About
e 'X-Men' opens with $111 million
e Abu Dhabi firm: 'Star Wars' shoot has begun
b Virgin America Files a Registration Statement as it Prepares for IPO
b NJ's small businesses, self-employed workers face flurry of tax deadlines
e Idris Elba Welcomes a Son
t HTC One M8 New video emerges
t iPhone 6: Apple suppliers to start making devices with bigger screens from next  ...
t Samsung Galaxy S6 Release Date, Specs and Features: New Flexible Screen  ...
b Streamling BHP Billiton Easier Said Than Done
e Kate Middleton's new hairstyle is not a royal knockout says Mirror fashion expert
m Electronic Cigarettes Help Smokers Quit in 'Real World'
t Apple ends opposition to smartphone 'kill switch' legislation
t UN Panel: Time is running out to stop climate change
b Is BNP the New Blueprint for Dealing With Banks?
e Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin 'enjoyed beach holiday' as their marriage split  ...
m iPad allergy: Nickel in first-gen model triggered reaction in teenager, study finds
b IRS warns of massive tax scam; criminals trying 'pay now or else' approach
e Justin Bieber Apologises Over Instagram Post
t Sprint Chairman: Merger With T-Mobile Would Improve 'Horrible' US Internet  ...
t Huawei introduces Ascend P7 smartphone
e 14 Great Behind-The-Scenes Photos From 'The Walking Dead' Season 4
e The Fault in Our Stars: All Right, You Win, I Sobbed
b Zebra Buying Motorola Business For $3.45B
b DROUGHT: Mandatory water restrictions, fines proposed
t Apple Credits 'Evad3rs' Jailbreak Team for Discovering Security Issues Fixed in  ...
e Melissa McCarthy Shines In First Indie Project, "Tammy"
b China economic growth slows to 18-month low in Q1
e PHOTOS Tila Tequila is pregnant, taking on two stepchildren
m CDC: MERS virus spread in US
e Hilary Duff debuts video for new single 'Chasing the Sun'
t Go Stalk Dodge's SRT, the 2015 Challenger Hellcat Is an Easter Egg
e 7 Things You Might Have Missed During Captain America: The Winter Soldier
e All By Myself: stranded traveller's hilarious music video
m Commonwealth Fund: US healthcare is most expensive, but last in quality
m E-cigarettes at center of health debate
b Iraq Conflict on Oil
e Leonardo DiCaprio cheers as Orlando Bloom leaps over couch to hit Justin Bieber
t Driverless Cars Allowed on Public Roads in UK Starting in January
t Google Glass debuts in UK
b Grocers sue Vermont over modified food label law
b Getting Decent Pay Raise Requires a Job in Booming Industry
b Colorado made $3.5 million in pot tax in first month
e Stage Review
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S arriving June 27th, starts at $419
b Alstom Receives New Bid From Siemens, While GE Intensifies Acquisition Attempt
e Who Won The Voice Season 6? The Winner Is ...
e Frances Bean Cobain lashes out at Lana Del Rey
t BlackBerry Wins Court Order Against American Idol host Ryan Seacrest
e Bring Stephen Colbert to DC! Find out how, tonight at 11.
e Love, loss and lots of synthesizers from Coldplay
e Pretty Little Liars review: A new, tech-savvy A
t Microsoft Reveal Halo 5: Guardians Heading To Xbox One Autumn 2015
t Conviction Of Man Who Hacked Into Celebrities' iPads Overturned Because He  ...
t Nintendo Loss Bigger Than Estimated as Games Fail to Lure Users
b Auto sales surprisingly strong in June
b US stocks most higher at the start of another major week for corporate earnings
m Users Bemoan E-cigarette Bans in NYC, Elsewhere
t Oculus Rift release date, specs and features: Oculus Rift will change the way we  ...
e Video: 'Star Wars Episode VII' director shows off set, gives fans chance to be in  ...
b US house sales higher than expected in April
m New brain protein tied to Alzheimer s disease
t BBB Warning: Microsoft Ends Support of Windows XP Starting April 8
b GM recalls another 2.42M vehicles in the US
e Game of Thrones Review: It's For the Best
b Turkey Bans Twitter to Save Democracy
b Thomas Piketty and Capitalism Beyond the 21st Century
t Java in space: ISS gets an espresso machine
t China's Battle Against Google Heats Up
b Fiat lost $444 million in first quarter
e Alicia Keys – “It's On Again” (Feat. Kendrick Lamar) (Prod. Pharrell)
e Levar Burton trying to bring back Reading Rainbow - CBS 3 Springfield - WSHM
e 'Shovel Fight Girl' goes viral after Twitter death hoax, Miranda Lynn 'threatens  ...
t NASA: Orbiting Carbon Observatory-2 Set To Conduct A Global Scale Reading
b Gap Q1 income drops 22%; Athleta on track for 100 stores by year-end
b Rumor: Amazon's smartphone to feature “Prime Data” on AT&T's network
t Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Sony Xperia Z1 – Battery Life, Display, Design & Prices
m Sharp decline in maternal and child deaths in sub-Saharan Africa, new data show
b VIDEO: Washington ready for first day of legal recreational pot sales
e Courtney Love to play schoolteacher in final series of 'Sons of Anarchy'
e Lionsgate signs movie streaming deal with China's Alibaba
e George Clooney Slams Newspaper for 'Completely Fabricated' Story on  ...
t NY Times Launches 2 New Subscription Plans
e Robin Thicke Names New Album 'Paula' to Win Back Wife Paula Patton
b Wal-Mart takes aim at $2B used video game market - WNCN: News, Weather for  ...
b Clean-up process and 'zero tolerance' in Vatican bank plummets profits
e Church Celebrates Easter Weekend in Unique Way
e Is Adele planning to release new '25' album in 2014?
b Timeshare company buys former Las Vegas Hilton, where Elvis performed  ...
e Mayor Eric Garcetti, rapper Jay Z to talk downtown music festival
m Fueled by Improved Treatments: Canadian Life Expectancy Rises, 80 For Men  ...
b Stock Market Today: Expedia's Asia Push and Archer Daniels Midland's $3  ...
e Gary Oldman defends Mel Gibson, slams 'political correctness'
b Eugene Robinson: A victory lap for Obamacare
e Mayweather Confirms that 'Tiny' was the Reason TI Stepped to Him (Video/Photos)
b Russia warns of 'fratricidal war' in Ukraine
e “Star Wars Episode 7” already shooting, Disney exec reveals
m US Military Developing Brain Implant To Restore Memory
t Google unveils software for smartwatches-to-be
m Nearly 2.1 Billion People in the World are Obese: Report
t Automatic 1.0 for Android takes driver safety to a new level
t NASA's Kepler Observatory Given New Mission
b Toyota moving its US headquarters, along with 3000 jobs, from California to Texas
e The Pretty Little Liars Cast Strips Down for GQ (and Addresses Those Photoshop  ...
t Apple close to buying podcasting app Swell for US$30m
e Mick Jagger's Girlfriend Found Dead of Suspected Suicide (A Top Story)
t Four Blood Moons and Opposition of Planets 2014 the 'End of Days' prophesy  ...
t Scientists Discover New Solar System Member
b Local consumers sound off on Target saying keep guns away
b How To Keep Healthcare Construction Costs In Check
b Russian news agencies: Crimean parliament declares region independent state  ...
b As Alibaba prepares for IPO, tech stocks retreat
e Easter Week Schedule at Episcopal Church of the Ascension
e PHOTO Chad Kroeger gave Avril Lavigne a huge 1 year anniversary ring
t Facebook conducted news feed research to make it better
t Microsoft to challenge Google Chromebook with budget Windows-ready laptops
t This Email Reveals Steve Jobs's Secret Plans
m What Are the Fattest and Thinnest Cities in America?
e Film director Paul Mazursky earned 5 Oscar nominations
b SolarCity buys solar panel maker to lower costs
m Senators Slam E-Cigarette Company Marketing Practices
e Marvel shares concept art for 'Avengers: Age of Ultron,' 'Ant-Man' and 'Guardians  ...
e Kim and Kanye are reportedly already married
b Philips leads European shares higher
b Kuwait expects oil price to ease Crude price rise due to violence in Iraq, Libya: Al  ...
m Dried bats? Ebola spreads in West Africa
m Don't use spray sunscreen on kids, says consumer group
e Weird Al Yankovic Releases New Album, 'Mandatory Fun'
e Lupita Nyong'o Shows Us The Right Way To Wear A Tricky Trend At The CFDA  ...
t Logitech announces Type-S Bluetooth keyboard case for the Galaxy Tab S 10.5
e Frank Darabont Gettting Set To Direct Snow White And The Huntsman Spin-Off  ...
e Katy Perry Launches A Record Label
b Young NJ healthcare enrollees credit a push from Mom
e Hands-on with 'Batman: Arkham Knight'
m Deadliest cancers more likely to strike the poorest people
b Why MICROS Systems Inc. Shares Skyrocketed Today
e Game Of Thrones Scores Big For HBO With Season 4 Premiere As It Becomes  ...
t Moto G Review: A Triumphant Return To Form
b Analyst Speculates SAGES as Venue for Intuitive Surgical to Announce Nexgen  ...
b Columnist Suddenly Worried About The Uninsured, But Not Enough To Get It Right
t Microsoft (MSFT) Debuts Windows 8.1 with Bing; Will Help Lower Costs to  ...
e Sandra Bullock 'came face-to-face with stalker'
b An early gain fades away on Wall Street; Health care stocks slump
e Harry Potter: JK Rowling's hero has gone a little gray
e Jennifer Lopez Finally Dances With Jimmy Fallon After Met Gala Diss with  ...
b 'messy' clothing sector tidies up
e Sandra Bullock Came 'Face to Face' with Crazed Stalker in LA Home
t Microsoft admits snooping Hotmail account
e Dwight Howard blasted for supporting Palestine
e The Voice 2014 Season 6 Spoilers: Top 20 - Tess Boyer Performance (VIDEO)
b Here's The Scoop On The Alibaba IPO
e John Legend and Aloe Blacc Perform on 'American Idol' Season Finale
e Film review: McCarthy's passion project 'Tammy' is a modest, forgettable film
t Sony unveils Project Morpheus PlayStation 4 VR headset
e Hey, Chris Brown: When you get out, let's do dinner
m Everything You 'Know' About Obesity Is Wrong
t Another Look at the LG G Watch
t Google Glass Attack: Tech Journalist Says Wearable Gadget Led to San  ...
b Portuguese economy gets double ratings boost
m Health of Gay & Straight People Compared in 1st of Its Kind Survey
e The Bachelorette contestant dies
t Apple set to acquire Beats for £1.9bn - Computer giant Apple is reportedly in  ...
e Game of Thrones renewed
b Ikea announces raises
b Square Gets Into the SMB Lending Biz
b SC to pronounce order tomorrow on fre...
e 'Noah' film banned in three Arab countries
m Why pet food isn't people food
e Kevin Bacon Recreates 'Footloose' Dance, and It's Magical
m Baylor celebrates Match Day 2014
b Canadian dollar benefits from Tim's deal
b Market milestone in the bull's-eye
e Throwback Thursday: 28 Digital Paintings by Andy Warhol Discovered on Floppy  ...
e Actress dead at 91; opposing party viewed as 'threat' to nation; secret terror trials
b US jobless claims at 7-year low, signal faster growth
t It's Friday the 13th AND there's a full moon. How freaked out are you?
e CBS Names Stephen Colbert As Next 'Late Show' Host
e Here's your chance to be in the new 'Star Wars'
m A Pro-Life Approach to the Measles Vaccine: Respecting the Right to Life
e A Saturday Well Spent at Comic-Con
t Report: Android TV Is the New Google TV
t Beat or Miss? Apple Testing the Limits of Investors
e 'Jeopardy!' champ Arthur Chu loses after 12-day run
m Syria refugees denied cancer treatment, says UNHCR
m Relay for Life rallying for support
t Nokia Here maps to land on iOS & Android soon
b Union Pacific turns in another strong quarter
b PG&E Pleads Not Guilty to 12 Charges Stemming From San Bruno Blast
e Review: Miley Cyrus delivers dizzying, non-stop party to Palace
b Europe held back by banks: Yellen
e Conan Says Colbert is Right Choice for Late Show
t Experts call secret Facebook experiment unethical
m MSF Reinforces Teams to Help Control Spread of Ebola Epidemic
b Walmart's new online tool gives competitors' prices
m No vaccine for EEE in near future
e Disney Publishing and Random House Relaunch Star Wars Adult Fiction Book  ...
e Wilmer Valderrama shuts down Twitter account
m Quick and Simple Blood Test to Detect Cancer
b Yahoo Shares Rise 7 Percent on Strength in Alibaba
t E3 2014: In Destiny, There is a Mysterious Vault. (Oh, and There's Also  ...
e Hot Teaser: Fox's 'Peanuts'
e Top 10 movies and the Weekend box office (06/29/14)
b US Q4 growth revised higher
t Google co-founders Brin and Page: Tech giant will not become healthcare  ...
e 'Noah's' Emma Watson: 'more spiritual' than religious
m Twins with rare condition born holding hands
m MERS virus reported in Bangladesh
b Japanese Shares Advance as Tech Stocks, SoftBank Surge
t Sit back and relax. This car can handle even tough city traffic all by itself.
b AAA predicts record travel in Va. for holiday
b Philips Forecasts Challenging Year After Posting 14% Profit Drop--Update
t There are Now Seven Million PS4 Consoles Sitting Under TVs Worldwide
m MERS virus on African camels show undocumented spread of virus
b Stocks to Watch: Citigroup, GameStop, Winnebago
b Stocks open up after Easter weekend
e Angelina Jolie On Working with Daughter Vivienne in 'Maleficent'
e Anita Baker Wanted by Detroit Police for Court Absence
b Barclays to cut 7000 jobs from investment banking division
m Measles spreading in both New York and California
t Huawei Ascend P7 officially announced, out this month for €449
b S&P drifts to new record in light volume
e Miley Cyrus denies drug overdose landed her in the hospital
t Netflix begins 4K streams
e Miranda Lambert Praises Beyonce, Jokes About Her & Blake Shelton's Media  ...
b Silver price plunges to 5-week low after Fed rate hike surprise
e Start of the 4th Season:US HBO channel collapses under onslaught of "Game of  ...
m Ebola fears grow across globe
e Zendaya Drops Out Of Aaliyah Biopic
m Illinois resident infected with MERS tests negative for ability to spread virus
e Melissa McCarthy and Ben Falcone on comedy and cars
t Use the Internet to save the Internet
b I've applied the public interest test to the big pharma deal and Pfizer fails
b China manufacturing grows in June
t Good news! Our air is cleaner than ever report satellite images
b BMO Capital Markets Increases Wells Fargo & Co. Price Target to $53.00 (WFC)
b Alibaba will trade under stock symbol BABA
e Game Of Thrones Recap: Mockingbird
e Bonnie & Clyde! Jay Z & Beyonce Announce “On The Run” Tour Dates (DETAILS)
t ZeniMax sues virtual reality start-up Oculus
t Apple and IBM want you to use an iPhone at work, please
t Freaky fish found in Nags Head (Photo)
e Barbara Walters announces retirement date
b Search planes find no sign of missing airliner at spot located by China
e Trace Adkins' wife files for divorce in Williamson County
e Mrs - Mara Wilson Against Mrs. Doubtfire Sequel
e Can Amazon.com's Fire TV Kill Apple TV?
b Wall St gains on Yellen comments and Yahoo
t Google-Owned Nest Buys Dropcam, a Home-Monitoring Startup, for $555 Million
e Lana Del Rey performed for free at Kim Kardashian's wedding
e Macklemore dubbed anti-semite for costume blunder that offended Jewish  ...
t Did Apple and IBM just kill BlackBerry?
t Climate change drawing big yawn from the public, warn scientists
b GM to ask court for lawsuit protection
m Happiest State Is Also Deadliest, for Workers
t HTC One vs Nexus 5 vs Samsung Galaxy S4 – Latest Updates and Specifications
e Behind the scenes
b Asia shares slip on...
b Airbus, Safran Plan Joint Venture For Space Launchers
e Angela Bassett Tapped to Direct Whitney Houston Biopic
t Honda recalls 900000 vans over fuel pump
e TV News in Brief for July 29, 2014
b Mark Carney stamps authority on Bank of England with deputy appointments
e Did Miley Cyrus Spoil Seven-Year-Old Cancer Patient's Make-A-Wish Moment?
b US retailers nervous as West Coast port labour talks running out of time
e Cautious Optimism, Thy Name Is The CGI "Peanuts" Movie Teaser
t Face-to-Facebook? Facebook Is Buying a Virtual Reality Company for $2 Billion
t Stocks edge higher despite economic data
t T-Mobile Announces Nokia Lumia 635 Pricing And Availability
t Amazon's Fire phone could be on sale in UK this year
e Book of Mormon and Almeida win big at 2014 Olivier Awards
e Thousands gather at Hangout for Kickoff Party
b Bank Of America Reports Lower Q2 Profit On Litigation Expense - Quick Facts
e Hilary Duff Returns With New Song
b Market Close Report: NASDAQ Composite index closes at 4234.27 up 7.88 points
b Alibaba's IPO Means Consumer Tech Innovations From Asia Can't Be Ignored  ...
m Local E-Cigarette Sellers Ok With Proposed FDA Rules
t Google Glass Available to the Public (Again), Still $1500 to Play
m 'Prevent Ebola Virus Spillover'
t Think Too Much: 'Cosmos' reboot offers a courageous dose of science
b US bracing for global warming bill: Tens of billions a year
m New Food Sweetener Advantame Approved by FDA
b Hillshire Brands to Acquire Pinnacle Foods in $6.6 Billion Deal
b STOCKS RISE, WHOLE FOODS SHARES GET PUR: Here's What You Need To  ...
m Study Highlights How Dark Chocolate Benefits Peripheral Artery Disease Patients
b GoPro shares up 30 percent on first day
t 25 Tricks For Effective Instagram Marketing
b How much did gold and silver add for the week?
m Sugar from the Tequila Plant Could Prevent Obesity, Diabetes
e New 'Alien' game brings back Sigourney Weaver
t Twitter now lets you 'mute' annoying users
b Debating Michael Lewis' 'Flash Boys': High-Frequency Trading Not All Bad
e Game Of Thrones season four, episode 10, The Children: Tyrion and Arya exact  ...
m Liberia To Prosecute People Hiding Ebola Patients
b Dow Jones Today: Merger Mania Continues
b Honda profit jumps 19.6pc to $1.4bn
b Bank of America to Increase Quarterly Common Stock Dividend to $0.05 per  ...
b Bacon Prices Rise After Virus Kills Baby Pigs
e Alicia Keys Is Pregnant With Baby No. 2
m UPDATE 1-Saudi Arabia announces jump in new cases of deadly MERS virus
e 9 people injured in circus accident
e UCBS killer convinced police he wasn't a threat after family plea for help one  ...
b New Home Sales Hint at Prolonged Housing Weakness
b Senator urges Obama administration to fully lift crude oil export ban
t Google unveils driverless car without pedals, mirrors or a steering wheel
b Midday index, ETF option volumes
t Our View: 'Blood Moon' captivates public, social media
b Stick With 60% Stocks/40% Cash Until the Fog Clears
m UPDATE 1-Natco seeks to block Gilead's hepatitis C drug patent in India-source
t DNA 'switches' separate Neanderthals from modern humans: study
t Introducing the most potentially habitable alien world so far
e Ron Howard's The Beatles Documentary to Focus on Touring Years
b REFILE-Qualcomm faces China bribery allegations from US regulator
t Downpour marks Earth Hour in Jakarta
t Amazon Launches $9.99/Month Kindle Unlimited eBooks Service
e 'The flowers were off color!' Kayne West reveals Kim's Givenchy wedding gown  ...
e Celebrate Jesus with Weird Merchandise!
m Your friends may be your fourth cousins: US study
e BET spell Lionel Richie's name wrong during Lifetime Achievement Award
e Celebrities React to Mickey Rooney's Death
b Chinese plane spots 3 floating objects in jet search; no evidence recovered by  ...
e Performers suffered broken bones, head injuries in circus accident
b BAD NEWS: Morgan Stanley massively increases investment bank's profits, cuts  ...
e Jay Z And Beyonce (And Other Guests) Grace Coachella With Their Presence  ...
e Miley Cyrus, Pharrell Williams, Kerry Washington Make Time's Most Influential  ...
e Film Review: Heaven Is for Real
e Holy Week: Events carry special meaning
e Lady Gaga & Tony Bennett Discuss New Duets Album On Red Carpet
t US will force Facebook to protect WhatsApp user privacy
b Level 3 Agrees to Buy TW Telecom in $5.7 Billion Deal
b FUTURES FILE: Crude boils higher
t OKCupid admits to purposely mis-matching users
e Rihanna's CFDA Sparkling Dress Almost Showed It All
b Twitter to roll out mobile bidding system for advertisers in Q2
e Celebrity in Delta first-class seat swaps with soldier: Altruism or press setup?
e Karl Walter/Getty Images for Coachella
t Chromebook..!! Yes or No??
e Lena Dunham's 2014 Emmys Dress Will Be Remembered Forever
e Justin Bieber fires back at Seth Rogen
b Pfizer leaves UK in the dark
b Weibo IPO downsized amid market share doubts
e TMZ: Shia LaBeouf seeks treatment
e Oprah Winfrey to Embark on Eight-City 'Empowerment' Tour
e Grey's Anatomy Season 11: ABC Show Renewed, Projected 2014 Premiere Date
e Zendaya Coleman cast as Aaliyah in biopic
e Juan Pablo Doesn't Love Nikki Ferrell and Won't Propose (PHOTO)
e Veronica Mars Is Back! Stars Attend New York Screening Of Veronica Mars Movie
e Internet crowd bites big into potato salad project
m Delayed Clamping Improves Placenta Transfusion, Reduces Iron Deficiency
m New 'sober' smartphone app sounds alert when you get to close to a bar
e Bachelorette Recap: Andi Finds Out About Eric Hill's Death After Hometown Dates
e Eight 'Veronica Mars' TV show references we want in the film
e Ryan Kwanten Loved Getting X-Rated With Alexander Skarsgard For True Blood  ...
t Apple's OS 7.1 changes the Caps Lock key again
b Pound lurches towards six-year high as markets take Bank hints that interest rate  ...
e Susan Sarandon has said she relished looking terrible in her new film.
t Arianespace: Cheaper by the Dozen
e Jessica Simpson to wed on Saturday - report
b Jet hunt LIVE: China spots 'very large' possible Malaysian plane debris
e Infamous Award Show Crasher Assaults America Ferrera in Cannes
b Aquino says Asean must tackle China sea claims
b UPDATE 3-Home Depot says May sales "robust" on post-winter demand
e Korean War vets to leave for Hero Flight Thursday
e 'Duck Dynasty' patriarch Phil Robertson slams 'homosexual offenders,' media in  ...
b Yellen: Economy Improving But Rates To Remain Low
e Shia LaBeouf arrested for disrupting Broadway show 'Cabaret' by yelling  ...
m A Girl Left Her Contacts in for 6 Months and Her Eyes Turned Into Something  ...
t Magnitude-7.5 earthquake shakes Mexican capital
t Facebook Bought Oculus Rift - Virtual Reality Possible Future?
e Amazon inks deal to stream HBO content, starting in May
t Twitter marks eighth birthday; may replace signature symbols
t Climate Change, in Real Time (Op-Ed)
t GM adds 8.23 million cars to ignition-switch recall 0
b McDonald's Head Speaks Out on Wage Issue
b Mt. Gox Finds 200K Lost Bitcoins
t U.S. Government Pinged AT&T And Verizon Combined Once Per Minute For  ...
b Oil Prices Push Higher
t Carbon-Sensing Satellite To Monitor Earth's Breathing
e Michael Chiklis Joins 'American Horror Story: Freak Show'
e Who Was Cesar Chavez? 6 Things To Know About The Social Activist And  ...
t Facebook launches 'Nearby Friends' location-sharing
e Justin Bieber avoids felony robbery charge in cell phone 'tussle'
e Palcohol: Company Surrenders Approval Labels For Powdered Rum And Vodka  ...
e Amy Adams gives up first class airplane seat for US soldier 0
b Experts forcast 5% decrease in food prices
t Strategies for coping and adapting to problems caused by Nuisance Flooding
b Herbalife Marketing Practices Said to Be Probed by FBI
e WATCH: Lady Gaga's epic new video, starring Real Housewives and Michael  ...
b Asean voices alarm over China sea spats
m June 4, 2014, 1:08 am
e Chris Soules Makes Debut as Bachelor 2015 — See His First Interview! (VIDEO)
e No felony case in Justin Bieber cellphone incident
e Willow Smith: Moises Arias Bed Pictures Rile Parents Will and Jada
m Suffolk: Cancer survivor slams NICE after it claims life-extending drug is 'too  ...
t Climate change poses growing health threat
t US auto sales expected to rise in June; GM, Toyota and Nissan all see gains
e Kasem was an island of calm in swirl of pop music
e Game of Thrones Ascends 32% vs. Last Year, Wrapping Up Impressive  ...
t ASUS is readying the Robin, its sub-$150 Android Wear smartwatch
t DC metro gas prices up 6 cents from last week
e Emma Stone Is Goth & Gorgeous At Paris 'Spider-Man 2' Premiere
b Markets Open Higher; Burger King In Talks To Buy Tim Hortons
e Game of Thrones premiere crashes HBO's online streaming service
e Sherri Shepherd shares smiling selfie with Jenny McCarthy after 'View' exit
t Facebook buys the future
t Apple unveils affordable 21.5-inch iMac - Quick Facts
t Toyota Settles Criminal Charges with $1.2B
b 5 traits Uber shares with old-school capitalist companies
b ADP Employment Report Shows Job Growth At 218000 In July
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Spend the Week of Their Wedding Just Like  ...
e US Airways apologizes for tweeting pornographic image
b Russian Navy Acquires Crimea's Combat Dolphins and Seals Following  ...
e Wiz Khalifa Arrested For Marijuana Possession: Tweets Selfie From Jail And  ...
t BlackBerry Acquires Anti-Eavesdropping Firm Secusmart
b Postal employees ready for last-minute tax filers
e Muppets' sweetness sours a bit in 'Most Wanted'
t Microsoft Surface Pro 3: Review
e Jimmy Fallon goes head over heels for Heidi Klum on 'Tonight Show'
b US stocks rise on coattails of tech rebound; Dow gains 0.55%
e Watch Flaming Lips, Miley Cyrus Get Pelted With Bras Onstage
e Spider-Man Andrew Garfield visits Brixton children's charity ahead of London  ...
e Disney/Pixar to Develop Sequels to CARS, THE INCREDIBLES
e Oprah's First Lindsay Lohan Episode: Who's Paying for All This?
e Chris Brown sentenced to 131 days in prison
b New satellite find in Flight 370 hunt
e Webcast: Bruce Springsteen at March Madness Festival
t Ford put a Mustang on top of the Empire State Building, piece by piece
t Nintendo Misses Wii U And 3DS Sales Targets, Posts $229M Loss
e The Walking Dead: Watch the 10 most shocking moments so far from barn  ...
t GM Recalls Another 7.6 Million Vehicles
m Salmonella Outbreak Linked To Chicken Producer Isn't Over
t Microsoft's Star Trek language translator coming in 2014
t World Newsbits for June 5, 2014
e Peaches Geldof remembered by sister Fifi: 'You're gone but not forgotten'
m Local pediatricians: Codeine not effective treatment for children
e Andrew Garfield tries to feed Emma Stone a croissant at London Eye photocall  ...
t Here are the OnePlus One's 5 coolest features
b MARKET SNAPSHOT: US Stocks Fall; Nasdaq 3-day Loss Worst Since 2011
m MERSWatch: 3rd US 'Case' Was False Positive
e 'Get On Up' Review: Brilliant Biopic Anchored By Dazzling Lead Performance
e Estero Fire Department urges safety this 4th
e The 15 Funniest Twitter Reactions To The Bachelor Finale
e The Search starring Bérénice Bejo, Cannes Film Festival - film review
b Reporters: Russell Hotten and Joe Miller
b Editorial: The ground shifts beneath democracy
m Saudi Arabia Finds Another 18 MERS Cases As Disease Spreads
m Running for just 10 minutes a day can reduce risk of death
b MARKET ANALYSIS: Investors May Take A Breather Following Recent Gains
e Miley Cyrus Missed A Costume Change, Performed In Underwear
b Uber facing Heat from London taxi drivers
e 'Veep,' starring Julia Louis-Dreyfus, renewed by HBO
t Xbox One: Microsoft's 5 million 'sold-in' number shows PS4 expanding lead
e Game of Thrones: Showrunners Sign on For Seasons Five and Six
e Ant-Man Recruits House of Cards Star Corey Stoll
b Twitter's second quarter much stronger than expected
t Ex-Panamanian Dictator Suing Activision Over Call of Duty: Black Ops II
e GWAR frontman Brockie found dead
m State's first West Nile case reported in Travis Co.
e Southern California Jews To Begin Celebrating Passover at Sundown
e Neighbors gets too easily distracted from its ideas about growing up gracefully
t Internet Companies, Two FCC Commissioners Disagree With Proposed  ...
t New NASA images highlight U.S. air quality improvement
b Nasdaq Leads Another Up Day; S&P 500 Hits All-Time High
b Starbucks Debuting Real (Open Kind Of Late) Restaurant In Los Angeles Next  ...
m Full Story
t Japan's antarctic whale hunts not scientific: ICJ
t Intel powers 130 tablets, demos integrated mobile SoC
b Swiss court tells Russian tycoon to pay wife £2.7bn for divorce settlement
t Report: T-Mobile has new bidder in acquisition talks
t Apple Inc. (AAPL): The Latest Rumors
b Heir Apparent Revealed: Thomas W. Farley Named as NYSE Group Successor
t Amarillo Gas Prices Fall, Average $3.30/G
e Rapper Wiz Khalifa takes selfies to new level…jail selfies
t Steve Jobs Didn't Believe there was a Market for iPad Mini, Thank Goodness for  ...
t IBM Puts Apple at the Core of the Mobile Enterprise
e Halle Berry launches into a new era of control with CBS' Extant
t Flappy Bird Will Be Coming Back, Confirms Creator Dong Nguyen
t Tributes to 'visionary' Pillinger
t Apple Stock Looks Ripe for Joining Dow Average
t Editorial: A right to be forgotten?
e Keeping Up With The Kardashians LIVE Recap: Season 9 Episode 16 “A  ...
t Is Patagonia sauropod really the 'world's biggest dinosaur'?
t Google to release SDK for Android-powered wearables
t E3 2014: The Best Photos You Need to See
t Internet 'fast lane' proposal crumbles as 150 tech companies voice net neutrality  ...
e 5SOS album debuts at No.1 in US
t An Earth-size diamond in space
m Networks Cheer 'Gladiator' Michelle Obama Combating GOP 'Playing Politics  ...
t How to pre-order a Galaxy S5 today
m Big tobacco looks to keep pace with e-cigarettes
e George Clooney Slams UK Newspaper Over Mother-in-Law Report
t Tumblr rolls out two-factor authentication security upgrade
e 'Amazing Spider-Man 2' director Marc Webb on Gwen Stacy's fate in sequel  ...
t LG G3 hands-on review: A metallic monster to rival the HTC One M8?
b Manitowoc Enters Oversold Territory (MTW)
t NASA to Re-Attempt Global Warming Satellite Launch
e Munich Art Hoarder Cornelius Gurlitt Has Died
e Zach Braff Runs Over the Same Old Muddled Ground in 'Wish I Was Here'
b Siemens Sweetens Offer for Alstom Unit -- Update
m Medicare's success deserves celebration on its 49th birthday
t In defense of Facebook's newsfeed study
m FDA Approves Nerve-Stimulating Headband To Treat Migraines
t Twitter Crashes And Returns In The Biggest Outage Since Its IPO
e Hank Baskett Accused of Cheating With Transsexual (Report)
t Titanfall Pre-load Now Available For Tomorrows Launch In The US (video)
b TIM HARPER: Tim Hortons deal perks up Conservatives
e Gwyneth Paltrow, Chris Martin splitting up
t Twitter Testing Dramatic Profile Redesign On Mobile
m Review: Delayed treatments caused deaths at Hampton VA
e Orlando Bloom's ex Miranda Kerr: I appreciate both men and women - I want to  ...
t Nvidia Shield Tablet: Hands-on preview
b Fannie Mae to pay US Treasury $5.7 billion on quarterly profit
e Eric Garcetti unveils $8.1 billion budget, calls it 'plan of fiscal reform'
m Tests rule out Ebola in case of sick Saskatchewan man, say health officials
t Saturn Recall: GM to Fix Auras That Can Roll Away
b JPMorgan net profit misses expectations
m Breast Cancer Drug Deemed Too Expensive
e Drake Goes Undercover to Hear What People Really Think About Him
e Tour The New York Filming Locations Of 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2'
e TIME's Most Influential: Does Beyoncé deserve the cover?
e Two Chimps Watch 'Planet Of The Apes,' Proceed To Take Over The World  ...
t Another 2.42 million GM vehicles recalled
t Quoted: Microsoft's Nadella looks to mobile, cloud
b Experts predict warm weather will rejuvenate economy
t Deal: Samsung Galaxy Note 3 and Galaxy Note PRO 12.2 On Sale!
e Peaches Geldof's Last Red Carpet Appearance Was Just Three Days Before Her  ...
t Diggers find Atari's ET games in landfill
e Black Keys returning Oct. 24 to Target Center
t Official Samsung Galaxy S3 4.4 KitKat Update: The Cogs Are Turning
e Tv - Benzino Thanks Fans For Prayers After Funeral Shooting
e 'Deliver Us From Evil': Critics Are Frightened By Film's Mediocrity
e 'Captain America' superpowers extend to third week in cinemas
b Official: NY attorney general subpoenas 6 firms in probe of high-speed stock  ...
t Sony to Bring PlayStation 4 to China
e Stars boycott Beverly Hills Hotel over Brunei 'sharia' law
t Crows are as clever as your seven-year-old
e Review: A Million Ways to Die in the West
t Just Ask! Facebook now lets users harass each other about their love lives
t Japan delays whale hunt as Obama visits
e Cannes: Julianne Moore And Timothy Spall Pick Up Prizes While Winter Sleep Is  ...
t Indiana University experts comment on climate change report
t Germany rejects Snowden claim it changed surveillance laws following NSA  ...
t Google Chrome bags new data encryption extension
t Rubbish gaming: Atari relics discovered in New Mexico dump
t Google lets Street View users go back in time
m Mumps outbreak at Ohio State University
b Eurozone Business Activity Growth at Three-Year High
e Kim Kardashian Nip Slip In Instagram Selfie: Kim Exposes Blonde Hair And  ...
e Venom and "The Sinister Six" Will Be Released Before "The Amazing Spider  ...
t Upcoming Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 7.0 Rumored Specs
m Saudi Arabia confirms six people died of Mers virus over the weekend
e Weekend Review: HBO's The Normal Heart
e Selena Gomez buys $3 milion mansion
t Today Only, Anyone in the US Can Purchase Google Glass
b HSBC: China manufacturing improves but needs stimulus
t Sony recalls some Vaio laptops for battery issue
t TiVo 'Roamio OTA' Model Targets Cord-Cutters
e The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles come alive in first trailer
e Thai troops detain official who emerged from hiding to condemn coup
b Auto sales stay strong in June
t Google develops own self-driving car
e How I Met Your Mother Season 9 Finale Review: The Worst TV Ending Ever
e Rapper Young Jeezy Arrested After Fatal Shooting At Wiz Khalifa's Shoreline  ...
m The Deadly New Virus That Just Reached the United States Is Going to Be Very  ...
m Obesity Epidemic Has Spread Globally: Why You Should be Worried
m Smoking bans help kids breathe easier
b China vigilant as Japan relaxes arms export regime to fortify defence
t Ham Radio Groups Putting on Field Day Events Throughout Polk
t LG G2 starts receiving Android 4.4.2 KitKat Update in India
m Pharma Giant Novartis New Drug Release Doomed As FDA Withheld Clearance!
m Ebola - Govt Moves to Protect Nigeria
b Area gas prices continue to fall
b London Market Report
e 'Captain America' continues box office streak
e A Million Ways to Kill the Quality Spoof
m Well-educated people have greater 'cognitive reserve'
e Mick Jagger's Daughter Georgia May Cancels Fashion Week Appearance In  ...
t Apple refreshes MacBook Pro with Retina display line, improved processors and  ...
b Burger King celebrates gay pride with the 'Proud Whopper'
t Honda Recalls Over 800000 Odyssey Minivans
t YouTube Going Beyond 30FPS With 60 FPS Support
b Boeing Posts Better-Than-Expected Q1 Earnings
b As expected, India-born Rajeev Suri will be new Nokia CEO
e JULY 4th BOX-OFFICE: Transformers and Tammy Rule Sluggish Multiplexes
b Shell: not entering new Russia investments
b South Korea's Kakao Corp buys Daum for $3.3 billion
t Comcast calls service agent's call with customer 'unacceptable' after audio  ...
t 2014 NFL Sunday Ticket Available for iPad Without Satellite Subscription
t Apple loses court bid to block Samsung smartphones
t Aereo's Supreme Court decision shakes (but doesn't shatter) startup ecosystem
b Philip Morris Cuts Earnings Estimates As it Makes Moves on the E-Cig Front
t Climate report: politics surpassed science – academic scholars
t Time to embrace internet, Iran leader says
e No Saving It: Rapper Who Cut Off His Own Penis Was Unable To Have It  ...
t NASA approves Monday space station supply launch
e Gwyneth Paltrow thanks supporters in split
b Germany's RWE begins natural gas deliveries to Ukraine
t Insider Selling: Facebook CTO Unloads 41156 Shares of Stock (FB)
t Quinn scores victory for China's Baidu in case over blocked search engine results
b MISSING MH370: Thailand gives radar data 10 days after plane lost
b Travelers Like Airlines, Loathe Flying
t Heart Rate Sensor Comparison: Samsung Galaxy S5 vs. Galaxy S4 vs. iPhone  ...
e Jennifer Lawrence upstages the bride on Martha Stewart Weddings cover!
b The Ticker
e Disneyland raises ticket prices to "Happiest Place on Earth" before Memorial Day
m WHO issues polio-related travel restriction on Pakistan
e 'The Voice' The Battles Round 2 Preview with Chris Martin & Team Blake
b Australia caught in 'confidence trap'
t Antennae help flies 'cruise' in gusty winds
m Hummus products at Trader Joe's and Target recalled
e Lindsay Lohan Suing over Character in "Grand Theft Auto V"
e Duck Dynasty's Phil Robertson Still Speaking Against Homosexuality
t The Great E3 2014 Giveaway Week 4: 14 free PS3 games
b High-Speed Traders Rip Investors Off, Michael Lewis Says
b Alibaba should be watched, but doesn't spell doom for Amazon
e Christina Ricci Pregnant 2014: 'The addams Family' Star Is Pregnant With First  ...
b Study shows more US mothers are staying at home with children
b LinkedIn Corp (LNKD ) Reaches Over 300 Million Members Worldwide
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S: Hands-On
b Who needs the United States? Not Russia and China
b Mt. Gox finds 200000 missing bitc...
b Unless You Have the Ability to Pick the Right One, Hedge Funds Won't Make  ...
b Mulally retires: Was he Ford's best CEO?
t SMART REMARKS: Climate Change? You're (soon going to be) soaking in it!
e Easter service calendar
b Gold falls on Yellen's take on economy, financial markets
b Tiffany profit rises 16% on strong sales growth
e Prince re-signs with Warner, plans re-release of Purple Rain
m E-cigarettes could soon be state regulated
e Beyoncé Reveals Jay Z Wedding Video (And Her Bum!) During 'On The Run  ...
e 'American Idol 13' recap: Alex Preston leads Top 10 week
t iPhone 6 Release Date, Features & Specs: New Apple Phone to Hit Stores by  ...
e The Shield Co-Star Michael Jace Charged with Murder in Wife's Fatal Shooting
e WWE legend Pat Patterson's tearful confession: 'I survived all this being gay'
b UPDATE 9-Brent oil firm on new Russia sanctions; US slips on refinery
e North Korea threatens war over US film
b Boeing blames pilots for Asiana 777 crash; airline faults software, too
m Potential New Culprit Behind Alzheimer's
t iPad Air 2 Manufacturing Said To Be Already Underway [REPORT]
b European election results 2014: Far-right parties flourish across Europe
e Robin Thicke Made Yet Another Plea to Win His Wife Back
e The Future Is Here: Powdered Alcohol Has Been Approved By The FDA
b Maryland dropping $125M Obamacare exchange
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Mini: Same Sensors as Its Sibling, Slightly Slower
e Super-Buy: Comic Book Sells for Most Money Ever (Hint: It's in the Millions!)
t Microsoft Promises Cheaper, Smaller Windows Tablets This Year
m US autism estimate rises to one in 68 children (Update)
t Newspaper tycoon: Google is building a superstate that threatens the future of  ...
e Kanye West And Kim Kardashian Are Getting Into The Real Estate Business
t Oppo Find 7 unleashed: Specs, Pricing & Availability – All you need to know
e American Idol 2014 Top 11 Performances [VIDEOS]
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S
t Lenovo aiming for 60+ smartphones in 2014
b Covidien plc Stock Rating Lowered by CRT Capital (COV)
e 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' is more of the same - REVIEW
e Mila Kunis - Mila Kunis is pregnant
t ONA Comment to FCC Outlines Core Principles for Open Internet
e 'The Bachelor' Season 18 Finale Online: Watch Juan Pablo Pick Nikki Or Clare  ...
e Review: How to Train Your Dragon 2
e Robert Pattinson lives in Kristen Stewart's home?
t Illegal immigrant arrested in Rotherham
b Madeleine McCann parents thwarted in libel case
m Syrian refugees denied cancer care
b Stocks close higher but pare earlier gains
t Watch Out Moves And Human — Now RunKeeper Releases A Movement App
b GM creates new global post to spearhead safety issues
m Metrocare Services Co-Hosts March 27 Conference On Understanding Autism
e Josh Hartnett welcomes the horrors of 'Penny Dreadful'
e Zara pulls kids' shirt after outcry over similarities with Holocaust garb
t Americas News Agenda for April 20
m Organic foods are more nutritious, according to review of 343 studies
e 'The Voice' Season 6 (2014) The Battles 2 Night 2 Recap, Spoilers: Performance  ...
m Our View: Putting out the e-cig wildfire is a good first step
b Wheat Enters Bear Market as Corn Drops on Supply Outlook
b Disney second quarter earnings beat expectations, helped by Frozen, Thor
e Selena Gomez Orlando Bloom Dating? Stars Spotted Hanging Out in LA
e Meg Ryan cast to narrate 'How I Met Your Dad'
e Alleged stalker to Bullock: 'You belong to me'
b Countdown starts on Alibaba mega-IPO
e Meryl Davis and Maksim Chmerkovskiy Wowed the 'Dancing with the Stars  ...
t Starbucks: Coffee shop chain to offer wireless recharging
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4's Exynos 5433 Destroys The Snapdragon 805
t BLOG: Microsoft Surface Review
e New music coming from Michael Jackson estate
t Office for iPad is out, lets you view documents for free
t Chegg to buy online tutoring matchmaker InstaEDU for $30 million
b Cimate Change 10:58am ET
e Japan pop group AKB48 cancels events after saw attack
e Solange Knowles 'had argument with designer' at Met Gala
t Stocks slip below record levels as investors assess corporate news; Micros  ...
m Kathleen Sebelius Resigns as Secretary of Health & Human Services
e Russell Crowe calls 'Noah' criticism 'irrational'
e The Boxer: Domestic Dispute Lands Paul Simon and 20-Year-Long Spouse Edie  ...
e Please, baby, please! Robin Thicke begs again | DailyDish
e Lorde fills Cobain's shoes
b Eurozone business activity slips slightly in May: PMI
t Facebook Announces New 'Nearby Friends' Feature [Video]
b Mortgage Rates for 30-Year US Loans Fall for Third Week
b Hillshire Brands' Board Cancels Bid for Pinnacle Foods Inc (HSH, PF, TSN)
e James Franco to direct ex-girlfriend in off-Broadway play
e There's a Disgusting Problem at the Biggest Comics Event of the Year
b N.Y. probes alleged advantages given to HFT
b Picture this: GoPro files for US$100m IPO
b The Fed Much More Dovish Than Expected Igniting Stock Rally And US Dollar  ...
t Video games in real life
e Notable People: Ford injures ankle on set of 'Star Wars'
b Water supply outlook improves; Delta channel barriers canceled
e District 13 Interrupts Second Mockingjay Teaser
e Court rejects Alaska appeal over fishing rights
t Russian Rocket Blasts Off For Space Station; Aggie on Board
t Windows 8.2/Windows 9: Tipped to Feature Start Menu, Cloud Based Operating  ...
b JC Penney Soars as Sales Gain for First Time in Years
t Ebay breach update: user details posted on Pastebin are 'fake'
t Google Now will soon remind you to pay your bills
e Jay-Z Physically Attacked By Beyonce's Sister, Solange Knowles, In Elevator At  ...
b Pennsylvania governor wants Obama's help with rail strike
t Will Google Lead the Fiber Revolution or Just Force Other Providers?
b One month = $2 million in Colorado's marijuana-tax coffers
b Twitter Shares Plunge Below Market Debut Level on Disappointing User Growth
b Posted by Shoaib-ur-Rehman Siddiqui
b Malaysia Airlines Flight 370: Satellite data released on missing jet
e Michelle Williams Finally Brought Destiny's Child Back Together
t Amazon Hopes to Set Fire to Mobile Market with First-Ever Smartphone
t Posted by Parvez Jabri
m Study Questions Health Benefit Of Chocolate And Red Wine
b GBP/USD dips as Putin words bolster dollar
t Xbox One Hackers Have Made Great Progress
t Cockeysville astronaut says hi to Md. from space
e Adrienne Bailon Responds To All The Kardashian Drama She Stirred Up
e Listen: London Grammar covers INXS' "Devil Inside" for Game of Thrones
t Facebook is desperately trying to get into the news business
e Man raises $9K... to make potato salad - CBS 5 - KPHO
e New Dawn of the Planet of the Apes TV Asks 'How Many Were There?'
t Impact of climate change already being felt White House report says
e Miley Cyrus plans new dates for `Bangerz` tour
t NH, Maine gas prices drop
b Taco Bell Is Going Thermo-Nuclear in Its Breakfast War With McDonald's
e Gareth Edwards Hired For 'Star Wars' Spin-Off
t Apple boosts size of iPhone to beat rivals
e Why Couldn't Billy Dee Williams Dance on Dancing With the Stars Week 3?
b Confessions of a shopaholic: Debt-struck Glencore splashes out on Caracal  ...
e X Men director Bryan Singer rejects sex abuse claims
b Chiquita to Acquire Fyffes Creating Biggest Banana Supplier
b Hedge Fund Manager Gets 3 Year Sentence for Insider Trading
e Finding the Right Man to Bring James Brown to Life
t Are Cord Cutters Going Back to Cable TV?
t AT&T aims for tv's future with Directv deal
e Weird Al Declares War on Bad Grammar
e Justin Bieber reveals he is 'done with tats' after Banksy tattoo controversy
m Oscar Pistorius returns to court after a month of psychiatric tests
e 25 Best 'Weird Al' Songs Ever: From 'Amish Paradise' to 'Yoda'
b Nearly 400 million Twitter users estimated by 2018: study
b OECD says UK should do more to curb rising house prices
e Yahoo unveils two comedy shows in Internet video expansion
m Scientists find how 'shrooms alter the mind
b Data breach believed to be largest such breach of any retailer
m May is beginning of mental health month
e See Brad Pitt throw a beer to BFF Matthew McConaughey 9:26AM
m AIDS Epidemic May Be Subsiding: Report
b Health care sign-ups surge toward 7M
b National news: 10 things to know for today
e Dawn Of The Planet Of The Apes Presents A Message From Andy Serkis and  ...
e Pamela Anderson files for divorce from Rick Salomon after just six months
b Buffett Defends Coca-Cola Abstention at Berkshire Meeting --Update
t Sprint Offers Samsung Galaxy S5 in Copper Gold
e Did 'Bachelorette' producers tell Nick Viall to shame Andi for fantasy suite?
t In the name of science, Microsoft makes MS-DOS and Word source code public
t NASA's Curiosity Hits 1 Year On Mars
e Mad Men Fashion: Leaning In, Tentatively
b <b>Dov Charney</b> Fights to Stay at American Apparel
b Oil prices down in quiet Asian trade
b As Healthcare Deadline Approaches, Some Choose Not To Sign Up
b Crediting in the euro aea revives
e Stephen Colbert will replace David Letterman on the 'Late Show'.
m Breast cancer survivor Elaine Collins, 74 of Sunland,… (Raul Roa / Staff…)
m Millions spent on flu drug 'no better than paracetemol'
e Lena Dunham Debuts Sexy New Look & Admits She May Quit Acting
b General Motors recalls additional 3.4 million cars for ignition problems
t iPhone App - Designed for iPhone, compatible with iPad
t Microsoft's Xbox groups consolidated with Phil Spencer as new head
e Whitey Bulger's Apartment Hideout Now Available For Rent
b Treasuries Close Firmly Positive After Thirty-Year Bond Auction
t Galaxy S5 Experience App Brings the Eyes-on Look of the GS5 to Your Own  ...
e Jared Leto Rumored for 'Dr. Strange' Lead
e Review - 'Transformers: Age Of Extinction' Is The Ultimate Transformers Movie
e Pia Mia: Did She Tweet That She Can't 'Resist' Kanye West?
m Ebola Victims Quarantined in Guinea
t Huawei launches the Ascend P7: release date, specs and price of the new  ...
b Gates, Munger & Buffett slam high-speed trading
t Emperor penguins under threat, says new study
t The Fight Between Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) And Google Inc (NASDAQ  ...
t Audi 2015 models to get Apple CarPlay
t Team from Newcastle University attend launch of new Google product
m Fox Ignores Food Industry Ties In Attack Against Healthy School Lunches
t Microsoft's $100 PC Upgrade To Leave Windows XP
b Updated: Ohio unemployment rate drops to 6.1 percent
t World Wrestling gets Wall Street style take down
t Internet Explorer flaw not yet patched
e Real Housewives Of Orange County Trailer And Cast Photos; Meet Newbies  ...
e Watch Matthew McConaughey, Emma Stone and more read mean tweets
m Saudi Arabia announces new MERS death, fatality toll now 169
e Jenny McCarthy is leaving The View, but already has a new gig
e Emmys expand reality TV category
b Select valley post offices open late for Tax Day
m Growing evidence that autism is linked to pollution and babies are 283% more  ...
m Biological Pacemaker Is in the Works
e 'The Bachelor' Season 18 Finale Recap: 2 Girls, 1 Boat and 1 Likely Failed  ...
m Saudi Arabia Urges MERS Precautions around Camels
b Baltimore Ravens and M&T Bank extend partnership
t Apple in talks to buy Beats for $3.2 billion; deal likely to be announced next week
b In Brief: Wal-Mart jumps into money transfer biz
b UPDATE 1-Ukraine crisis worries hammer German investor morale
t Microsoft, SAP Expand Partnership With Mobile Apps, Cloud
e 'Mad Men': How Symbolic Can an Episode Be?
e Kim Kardashian Season 10 Blonde, Nip Slip: Kidchella Bikini Lover Flashes  ...
e Lindsay Lohan Allegedly Relapsed At Coachella, Which Is Exactly Where You'd  ...
t Google Android Wear Powered Samsung Gear Live Smartwatch Goes on Sale  ...
b Bank of England's Martin Weale ready to revolt despite unanimous rate vote
m Parents of Justina Pelletier to regain custody Wednesday
b Pinterest Is Now Worth A Ridiculous Amount Of Money
e Home > Freddie Prinze Jr > Freddie Prinze Jr. Lashes Out At Keifer Sutherland
e Kanye West performs in London wearing a mask, gets booed
m Why Anacor Pharmaceuticals Inc. Stock Briefly Dipped
t Scientists discover "Pinnochio Rex", cousin ofScientists discover 'Pinnochio Rex  ...
e SNL Chucks Rocks At Beyonce's "Beyhive" With "The Beygency" Skit [VIDEO]
b Walmart sues Visa for $5 billion for using 'price-fixing schemes' against merchants
e Competing with her daughter much? Kris Jenner posts sexy red bikini photo day  ...
e BET Awards 2014: Best Dressed
m Lou Pelletier: Justina dying under care of Massachusetts
e Film review: Guardians of the Galaxy (12A, 128 min)
e ABC announces changes for World News and GMA anchors
b Ways to Save: What your mom really wants
b HSBC Mortgage Rates Looking Better Thursday Mar 13
t Best viewing time for Tax Day's 'Blood Moon' over NH: 3:08 am Tuesday
t Smartphone companies promise 'kill switch' to reduce thefts
m Mannkind (MNKD) - Right Stock, Wrong Time
t Special Edition Galaxy S5 LTE-A Announced
m Type 1 Diabetes Diagnosis in Kids May Lead To Brain Changes
t This Friday The 13th, Giant Solar Flares May Disrupt Communication On Earth
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Wedding Photos: Meet Mr. And Mrs. Kanye  ...
b Argentina set for turmoil as debt talks fail
m Genetically married: Spouses' DNA tend to match than others DNA
m June 3, 2014 (Investigation Update) Multistate Outbreak of Salmonella Infections  ...
b Toyota picks Texas for new HQ
t Google buys aerial drone builder Titan Aerospace
b Cyber-theft charges against military officials put more strain on troubled US  ...
b Applications for US Jobless Aid Up By 2000
b Steinberg Gets Three-And-Half Years For Insider Trading
e 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2' caught in its own web
b Netflix to launch in six more European countries
b Are China Worries Receding? - Ahead of Wall Street
e El Paso Cops Investigate Wiz Khalifa's 'Jail Selfie'
t Montana Health Records Were Hacked
t The Reality Of Climate Change And Its Devastating Effects
t Comcast Lashes Out at Netflix
b AAA: 41 million Americans to hit the roads for Fourth of July
t UN climate panel says critical action can avert disaster
e We Have More Insight To Disney's 'Maleficent' Here!
b Wall Street: Stocks post small gains, but still end week lower
b The Corn Limbo: How Low Can it Go?
b Google passes Apple as world's most valuable brand
e 'Game of Thrones' draws 7.1 million US viewers for blood-filled finale
t Google AI that solves reCAPTCHAs is now cracking address numbers in Street  ...
e New Jackson songs wow critics
b 'Beats' boss in talks to join Apple
e Kanye West blames Annie Leibovitz for edited wedding photo
m Could a 'chocolate pill' curb heart disease and stroke?
e DJ Frankie Knuckles dead at 59 due to complications relating to Type II diabetes
e REVIEW | The Guardians can't save 'Galaxy' from itself
e 'The Bachelorette' star Andi Dorfman's runner-up reportedly begged to reunite  ...
b AT&T, investment firm plan $500 million online TV service by end of year
e Two Clips Are Released From The New Amazing Spider-Man 2
e Game of Thrones Spoilers: What Happens on Season 4, Episode 6: “The Laws  ...
b Dollar firm ahead of Fed policy decision
e Kanye West & Kim Kardashian Are Officially Married [Update: Check Out  ...
e Three very important things we learned from George Clooney vs. the Daily Mail
t Microsoft launches the Nokia X2, a 4.3-inch, $135 addition to its family of  ...
b GLOBAL MARKETS-Spanish CPI shock flags euro deflation risks
t Heartbleed Software Snafu: The Good, the Bad and the Ugly
e John Wayne's family and Duke University duke it out over whiskey name
m E – Cigarettes Help You Quit Smoking New Study Finds
e Kim Kardashian And Kanye West Not Married Yet, What's Holding Them Up?
t Astronomical forensics uncover planetary disks in Hubble archive
e 12 Ways to Celebrate St. Patrick's Day in Dallas
e Lindsay Lohan Sues 'Grand Theft Auto' Makers Over Lookalike
t Activision Spending $500M On 'Destiny' Franchise
b Carney Faces Currency Grilling as BOE Accused of Complacency
e The Royal Mint celebrates Prince George's birthday with a special £5 coin
e Watch Lana Del Rey and Friends Rep the 'West Coast' in New Video
b Sales of Newly Constructed Homes in US rise by 6.4 percent
e Lena Dunham mocks Shia LaBeouf's Broadway meltdown
t Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 7.0 now available online in India priced at Rs 17825
t Apple under Fire over iMessage as a Second Class Action Lawsuit is Filed  ...
t Slight rise in gas prices
b Pound jumps after hint of interest rate hike
t Fresno-area air problem ranks as nation's worst
m Saudi Sets Up Expert Panel To Contain MERS Virus
e Hayden Panettiere Makes Her Baby Bump Sparkle On The Emmys Red Carpet  ...
e Miley Cyrus granted restraining order against crazed fan
e Jennifer Lawrence Gets Dramatic Makeover On Marie Claire Cover
t Abandoned 27 years ago, 'Burger King Baby' finds mother
b France: Homophobic and anti-Semitic National Front win elections
e Photos And Review | Bonnaroo | Manchester | Day One
b US corn conditions slip in the past week, surprising analysts
b Turkey blocks Twitter and the whole world tweeted its dismay
b DAILY BRIEFING: Wall St. report
e Justin Bieber Visits Controversial Yasukuni Shrine, Apologizes On Instagram
b Outlook on Medicare finances improves
e Chris Brown Sent to Jail for Parole Violation
t Budget meets functionality – Samsung Galaxy Grand 2 vs Nokia Lumia 1320
m Can resveratrol in red wine and chocolate protect you from aging? Study says no
t DNC chair celebrates LGBT pride month
e Pippa Middleton embarrassed by royal wedding dress hype
t Review: The new Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 in all of its Super AMOLED glory
m 'Bionic Pancreas' Helps Control Blood Sugar in Type 1 Diabetes
e Angelina Jolie Looks Far From Maleficent In This Photo Shoot for ELLE by Hedi  ...
t YouTube announces Creator Studio, 60 FPS support
e Kim Kardashian flies out for her wedding surrounded by luggage
t BMW recalls nearly half a million cars
e Division of Fire Safety: Public displays the safest way to enjoy fireworks
b Argentina trustee declares nonpayment on bonds
e Honeymooners Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Reserved Seats at Cork City
e Thank Heaven for Greg Kinnear: review: Heaven is for Real
m Following A Long Wait, The US Food And Drug Administration Takes Important  ...
t Facebook Unveils Controversial Audio Recognition Feature In Status Updates
t Office for iPad coming on March 27th?
b Missing jet reveals uncomfortable Malaysian truths
e 8 circus acrobats still hospitalized after US hair-hanging stunt gone wrong
b EBay CEO: Sales, Earnings Affected By Cyberattack Body Blow In Challenging  ...
m West Africa can't manage the Ebola outbreak
e Top 40 radio broadcaster Casey Kasem dies
t Amazon To Fight FTC On Policy Changes For In-App Charges
t Xbox One hits 5 million shipped
b What to Use Instead of Limes During the Lime Shortage
m Motorhead fan's brain bleeds from headbanging
t Bronx Zoo celebrates Memorial Day with Komodo Dragon display
t Qualcomm Acquires Startup Wilocity to Amplify Wireless Performance to Gigabit  ...
t Eureka! Living cells created in lab
m Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond: Ebola 'is a threat'
t Google Grabs Songza as Streaming Music Race Heats Up
t End of Windows XP support spells trouble
e Security Guard Left in Critical Condition After Being Trampled at Ultra Music  ...
e Fox News Anchor Bob Beckel Calls 'Bachelorette' Andi Dorfman A 'Slut'
t Google Lets You Catch Em All In Google Maps Pokemon Challenge For April  ...
e Kim Kardashian Dissed by Beyoncé at Dermatologist: Reality Star was 'Fawning  ...
e Chipotle to feature the stories from famous writers on its drinking cups
b File management service Box reveals IPO plans
t Google says that driverless cars are mastering city streets
t 5 reasons Tesla wants you to use its proprietary tech
e Jill Abramson Gives Commencement Speech at Wake Forest University
e Denzel Washington Admits Having Doubts About Performing in 'Raisin In The  ...
t US FCC names heads of Comcast/TWC, AT&T/DirecTV deal reviews
t T-Mobile to Offer Free One-Week “Test Drive” on Its Network With an iPhone 5S
m Environmental monitoring, product testing viewed as verification under FSMA
t Teen save government $136 million: Student can save government millions easily
t iPad Air vs Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 – Comparing Features, Specs and Price
b American Apparel Just Fired Its CEO After Years Of Defending Him From Sexual  ...
t iOS 8 is official - the mobile OS next major release
e Ross Not Quite a 'Master'
e Michael Jackson's Father Says The King Of Pop Visits His Dreams On The 5th  ...
e Reviews: HBO's 'The Leftovers' Makes a Solid, If Not Controversial Start
e The Bachelorette Season 10 Spoilers: Andi Dorfman Picked Out Her Own  ...
m ASCO Meeting Day 4: Risks And Rewards Of Immunotherapy
b US close: Traders calm despite tensions in Iraq
e Why Do Cinematographers Make Such Lousy Directors?
e Video Captures Mama Bear Saving Her Cub From Busy Highway
b WWE Money in the Bank: Who will win each ladder match?
e Wiz Khalifa Releases New '28 Grams' Mixtape
t Microsoft Rising; 'Surface Pro 3' a Laptop Killer? Can They Take MacBook Share?
b Wal-Mart sues Visa for $5 billion over card swipe fees
t Still Fighting, Charter Urges TW Cable Shareholders to Nix Comcast Deal
t Could we see a bit of the 'blood moon' tonight?
e Julia Louis-Dreyfus GQ '15 Funniest People Alive' photoshoot, wherein she  ...
m Search for remaining travelers from UAE on
b China moves oil rig as drilling protested by Vietnam enters 2nd stage
e Beer Touring in Germany: Who Are These Ladies and How Are They Rocking  ...
e Here's something fun: Brian Williams' 'Gin and Juice' rap
t Why the fossil fuel industry wants us to ignore risk
b OPEC Secretary-General: No Shortage of Oil
b Stock futures flat after mixed data overseas
t Franklin County radio hams join in national deployment
b TV Subscriptions Fall for First Time as Viewers Cut the Cord
b Final numbers: Covered California signs up 1.4 million
e Scientist has no clue how he ended up in Holocaust-denier's creationism  ...
e Rivers defiant over captives joke
t Oculus Rift, Coming to a Chuck E. Cheese's Near You
t LADEE crashes into moon, avoids Apollo sites
e Pinup photographer, model Bunny Yeager dies at 85
e Sue Townsend interview: "I think people are overloaded with information"
b JPMorgan's CEO Dimon has throat cancer
b Why Tesla's Road Gets Easier, Not Harder, From Here
t LG's new G3 smartphone features ultra-sharp screen
e Robin Thicke New Album "Paula" Stream + Download
e Henlow's Prince Harry look-a-like on 'shameless' US dating show
m Boy who swallowed battery headed for surgery
m 3-Parent Babies Could Be A Reality Within 2 Years
b White House extending health care sign-ups
m Report: Some sunscreen SPFs don't live up to claims
b Military Spending Buoys Durable Orders--Second Update
t IPCC warns climate change will hit agriculture, infrastructure
t Walmart reduces iPhone 5S and 5C prices permanently to $99 and $29
e “Designing Women” Actor Meshach Taylor Dies at 67
e Iranians arrested for "Happy" video freed - social media
b Taco Bell's new ads use McDonald's mascot's namesake
e Game of Thrones: King Joffrey's 10 worst moments
t Verizon finally taking preorders for the Samsung Galaxy S5
b Business live: Vodafone announces £6bn Spanish cable deal
e “Dancing with the Stars” Celebrating Party Anthems on Monday Night
t Facebook Releases Second Global Government Requests Report, Adds  ...
t Honda, Mazda, Nissan recall vehicles
m Recalled ground beef may have been sent to Pa. stores
m Cultural differences complicate Ebola treatment in West Africa
t eBay says users should change passwords
t Samsung Galaxy S5, Gear 2, Gear 2 Neo and Gear Fit Release Date
e 'Tammy' review: Tears of a clown - not so funny
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West: Paris Wedding Crisis!
b JP Morgan Chase to invest in Detroit
e I have been blessed: Zac Efron
e Baby elephant attacks Kim K during selfie moment
e Kaley Cuoco Chops Off Blonde Locks -- See Her Short New 'Do!
b UK MIDDAY BRIEFING: AstraZeneca Asks For Investor Patience
e Met cancels broadcast of 'Death of Klinghoffer'
b BSkyB confirms 21st Century Fox asset acquisition plans
b Ackman's Pershing Square Makes $178 Million on Burger King
e 'The Voice' Recap: The Battles Part 2 Comes to An End
t Protential Sprint/T-Mobile merger is on pause, report says
b Cbeyond Inc. (CBEY) Has Soared To A New High On Merger News
e 'The Bachelor' sources: Juan Pablo Galavis and Nikki Ferrell won't last, he  ...
m Salmonella cases down, but beware of other bacteria
m Extreme Obesity Kills: As Number Of Fat Americans Soars, Scientists Confirm  ...
b Sit-in participants endure arrests, little sleep for their cause
b Lachlan and James Murdoch promoted at News Corp and 21st Century Fox
e Will Miley Cyrus' illness cancel her show Monday at Wells Fargo Center in  ...
t The PlayStation Network is Back Online Following DDOS Attacks
e Cory Monteith's mother couldn't look at a photo of him 'until three days' ago
t LG Nexus 5 Can't Be Compared To The HTC One, Note 3, iPhone 5S & Moto X
e You Can Make All 'Happy' Songs Sad And 'Sad' Songs Happy By Changing One  ...
b The right's new public enemy No. 1: Why Thomas Piketty has conservatives  ...
e Parents worry over One Direction 'cannabis video'
b Blackstone Group Profits From $4.3 Billion Agreement to Sell Pinnacle Foods Inc.
m Scientists identify natural human antibodies against virus that causes MERS
e The story of Casey Kasem's “dog named Snuggles” clip
b Alcoa Inc.'s share price up, beats analysts' forecasts by posting a 138-million  ...
e Tupac Musical Holler if Ya Hear Me Silenced on Broadway After Six Weeks
m Blockbuster Stem-Cell Studies Retracted Because of Fraud
t Twitter updates iOS and Android apps, adds mute function
m Blood Test for Alzheimer's Disease
e Had Paul Walker approached his mother to be his daughter's guardian?
e Whole Lotta Led to hit Aberdeen with Led Zeppelin tribute night
b China orders media to 'delete' Hong Kong democracy poll
b Shell's Earnings Fall By 45% In Q1
t eBay Hack Leads to Official Investigation by Multiple States
e Juicy J Drops A Juicy Mashup At The BET Awards 2014! See It HERE!
e Kimye honeymoon in Cork
e Disney Chief Says 'Star Wars: Episode VII' Is In Production
t CONFIRMED! Dr Dre Sells Beats Electronics To Apple For $3 BILLION
m Doctors reconstructing woman's face
e US stock futures head lower to start the week
e Captain America 3 Isn't Moving From Its May 6th, 2016 Release Date
e Ariana Grande Opens Up About Falling Out With Her Dad
e WeHo City Hall Closed Monday for Cesar Chavez Day
e See Chris Christie, Jimmy Fallon Dance Around Testy Issues
b California DMV Says Drivers' Credit Card Data Might Have Been Breached
t Heartbleed bug: 900 SINs stolen from Revenue Canada
t Google 3D imaging tablet reportedly in the works
e Review: Get On Up
t BBM update brings stickers, group photo and heavy file sharing support
e 'Sharknado 2': Live commentary from Marcus Schneck
e 'American Idol' Goes Back to the Start: Watch the Top 8's Auditions
e Johnny Depp will no longer testify in murder trial
b Barclays accused of 'deception and dishonesty' in US lawsuit
b Posted by Parvez Jabri
e Colbert caught in Twitter rage
e Bag yourself a Clooney: How to win the heart of a bachelor
b UPDATE 2-Euro zone inflation drops to lowest since 2009
b AT&T & Chernin Go Streaming Again
b Famed UCLA venue drenched in history, drenched by water
e Movie Review - Sabotage (*)
e Young Iranians Arrested For Dancing In 'Happy' Pharrell Video [UPDATE]
m Lebanon's first MERS case 'not severe'
b Retail sales barely budged in May
b French data show possible debris from jetliner
e Obama family attends Easter service
e Miley Cyrus still hospitalized due to allergic reaction to antibiotics, cancels 2nd  ...
e We Weren't Ready! There's A Game Called 'Tap That' Where You Can Blow Up  ...
b Time ticking away for searchers to locate crashed MH370's black box
e Mila Kunis Gets Candid about Pregnancy, Allowing Ashton Kutcher Inside  ...
m Cancer to Surpass Heart Disease as Number One Cause of Death by 2030
e 'Heaven Is for Real': Greg Kinnear and Northeast Ohio's Connor Corum in  ...
e HBO's Silicon Valley & Veep series renewed
e Why Andrew Garfield Thought He Wasn't Worth It
e Michael Chiklis joins the cast of 'American Horror Story: Freak Show'
e War of Words Between Larry Kramer and Barbra Streisand Continues as  ...
e Celebrities turn out for Peaches Geldof funeral
e Jimmy Kimmel tweets hilarious selfie with Clinton family
t Canada Revenue Agency says 900 social insurance numbers stolen using  ...
b Target names PepsiCo food boss as new CEO
m Scientists at Wake Forest grow new organs from existing tissue
e PLAYBILL.COM'S THEATRE WEEK IN REVIEW, March 15-21: Aladdin Flies  ...
m Formidable Brain Makes First Kick of World Cup
t Oil Prices Rise As Concerns About Iraq Grow
t Alibaba files for New York IPO
b The Daily Docket: Coldwater Creek to Liquidate in Chapter 11
e Lena Dunham: I Feel Prettier With A Naked Face And ChapStick
e 'Captain America' Sets April Box Office
m Healthy Living in Stressful Times May Reduce Aging Effects
e Hedwig and the Angry Inch, Belasco Theatre, New York
t Facebook Striving To Grab The Market From Snapshot
t Gas prices up another 2 cents
e Lindsey Lohan Talks Miscarriage, Sex List On Season Finale Of Reality Show
m Many prefer electric shocks to solitary thoughts: study
e 'The Voice' tour coming to Hershey, will feature winner Josh Kaufman
t Netflix Announces It Has Began 4K Streaming Of 'House Of Cards' & More | News
b SPWR, GOOG: SunPower Stock Shines on Google Solar Deal
b Gold slips nearly 2 pct as dollar firms, China demand wilts
e RECAP: Game of Thrones Watch: Burning Down the House
b Exxon reports higher earnings, lower production
m Hospitals may be to blame for NYC measles cases
b France calls US fine on BNP Paribas 'unreasonable'
e German collector leaves Nazi-looted art to museum in Switzerland
t Twitter adds notifications, Pinterest adds buttons and Facebook gets more  ...
t Tweetdeck vulnerability found by teen trying to code emoji heart
e 'Duck Dynasty' star Phil Robertson: The media has railed against me for telling  ...
t Apple Gives Its Retina MacBook Pros a Back-to-School Spec Boost
e Hot Hookup! Zac Efron Spotted Making Out with Michelle Rodriguez in Italy
t Samsung Galaxy S5 goes on sale worldwide
e Lady Gaga New Jazz Album 2014 with Icon Tony Bennett to Release in September
t Moon Orbiter Captures Stunning 21st Century 'Earthrise'
b The facts behind BNP's $8.8B settlement discovery
e Amazing Spiderman 2 tops Box Office
b Criticisms of Piketty Valid, but Underlying Thesis Still Intact
b GBP/USD - Steady Pound Remains Above 1.70 Level
t Honda Recalls Nearly 900000 Odyssey Minivans
e Police find Miley Cyrus' stolen car
e Rare 'Star Wars' memorabilia goes up for auction
m Share this on:
e Mexico editor: Garcia Marquez left manuscript
b Chipotle Mexican Grill (CMG) Is Up Sharply After Q1 Report
e Mariah Carey-Nick Cannon split shocking, says grandmother
e Eurovision 2014: Create your own Song Contest entry with this amazing  ...
t Samsung announces four new Android smartphones in Galaxy line-up
b Pfizer Fights Backlash From U.K, U.S. on AstraZeneca Bid
t Samsung And Sprint Debut Galaxy S5 Sport, IP67 Water And Dust Resistant
m There's Bad News for People Who Smoke E-Cigarettes
t National Review: Comcast Merger 'Bought' by Donations to Democrats
t Space station shipment launched from Virginia
e Stephen Colbert vs Suey Park et al. [Video]
e Frances Bean Cobain tells Lana Del Rey an early death 'isn't something to  ...
b Bar Cars 3
e Scott Disick Turns To Bruce Jenner For Support
e MacFarlane 'stole Ted character'
m Silently among us: Scientists worry about milder cases of MERS
b US signals tighter rules on methane
e Countdown to '24'! Kiefer Sutherland Says You Don't Know This Jack Bauer
b The Sino-Russian Hydrocarbon Axis Grows Up
e Black Keys coming back to Consol Energy Center
e Chris Brown to stay in jail for months as Washington, DC assault trial is delayed
b Deal remakes board at American Apparel
e Beyoncé, Jennifer Garner, Jane Lynch and more want to 'Ban Bossy': Watch the  ...
t NFL Sunday Ticket Online Stream Made Available Without DirecTV
e Marvel Superhero Thor to Become Female Character in Comics
t Apple, IBM announce deal for developing "industry-specific" business apps
e Bob Beckel Calls Bachelorette Star 'A Slut'
e George Clooney slams newspaper over future mother-in-law report
b Fed rejects dividend, buyback plans at Citigroup, four other big banks
t Microsoft Reportedly Set To Layoff Thousands
e CELEB GOSS: Charlie Sheen blasts Rihanna with epic Twitter rant
b DAILY MAIL COMMENT: Pfizer and defending our national interest
e Watch As 20 Strangers Kiss For The First Time (VIDEO)
e Proof That Robert Pattinson Has The Bright Suit Look On Lock
b U.S. Durable Orders Rise 2.6% in March
t Next PS4 Update details coming soon
b Stocks head higher in early trading
t ZeniMax files suit against Oculus for misappropriating trade secrets
b Judge: Argentina can avoid default with talks
b SAC Capital takes new name after insider scandal
e How J. J. Abrams kept his Star Wars casting a secret for NINE months as he  ...
b European Equities Mixed After Yellen Remarks, Thin Trading Expected
t Wald International updates kit for 2014 Mercedes-Benz S-Class
e Lindsay Lohan fails to reinvent herself as calm and together as she loses her  ...
t BMW and Nissan consider charging collaboration with Tesla
b Search for missing Malaysian jet moves 680 miles northeast after data showed  ...
e 'Draft Day' review: Kevin Costner, Jennifer Garner bear the burden of apathetic  ...
b HTC posts profit in Q2 2014, just like it predicted that it would
b State hosting congressional drought hearing
b HP to settle suits over Autonomy deal
m First woman charged with drug assault under controversial Tennessee law
t Android Kitkat 4.4.3 Update: Rumored Release Date for Google Nexus 4, Nexus  ...
e Harper Lee objects to new book about her by Marja Mills
t Killing Net Neutrality Kills Dreams
b PMI® at 55.3%; June Manufacturing ISM® Report On Business®; New Orders  ...
t Mercedes unveils new version of world's smallest car, Smart ForTwo, in Germany
b Whiting Petroleum to buy Kodiak Oil & Gas for $6 billion to create Bakken  ...
m Stem Cell Research
e Taylor Swift' Blogs About 'Love Affair' With Fans, Selfies And Why Music Shouldn  ...
t Internet rules revised after public backlash
b CEO$ are getting paid — especially bankers
b Nigeria surpasses SA as continent's biggest economy
b Detroit, feds talk up to $100M for blight funding
e 'Grey's Anatomy' season 11 spoilers: New doctors expected after season finale
b Posted by Imaduddin
e 10 Lifetime Music Biopics That Could Definitely Happen
e Movie Night at "American Idol"
b Amgen to cut up to 2900 jobs, prepares to introduce new drugs
t FCC to Gut 'Net Neutrality' Rules
e MOVIE REVIEW: 'Spider-Man' spins a charming tale
e Entertainment / Stargazing Blog / J.Lo, Harry Connick Jr. and Keith Urban all  ...
m Michigan mathematicians claims iPhone app Entrain helps prevent jetlag
t Xbox One sales rise but PS4 still rules
e Here Are The Dates For Eminem And Rihanna's Tour
e The legacy of Cesar Chavez told in a new film
t Microsoft working on Xbox One controller compatibility for PC
m Investigators: Careless smoking cause of hotel room fire
e Who Killed Joffrey: A Game of Thrones Murder Mystery!
m Pregnancy tests are coming to Alaska's bar bathrooms
t General Motors Ignition Switch Recall Repairs Happening At Trickling Pace
t Why Tesla Is Up Over 8%
b Global growth forecast lowered by OECD
e 'Dancing With The Stars' Season 18 Premiere: Dance By Dance Recap
b GE earnings lower because of NBC sale last year, outlook for economy positive
b Reynolds American 2nd-quarter profit rises 6.7 per cent
e Beyonce, Jay Z set to embark on stadium tour this summer
t Motorola Moto G vs Nokia Lumia 625 – price and specs comparison
b Hot Stocks: Allergan, Inc. (NYSE:AGN), Novartis AG (ADR) (NYSE:NVS), Netflix  ...
b Bipartisan Export-Import Bank Debate Could Heat Up This Summer
e Holy Week services, activities:
m Older moms tend to live longer, study finds
b Examining Block Trading Activity & Unusual Options Volume for QUALCOMM  ...
b UK on the go
e 'The View' kills off two hosts
m Overweight kids are bullying targets
b NYT: Alibaba eying mid-September IPO
t Samsung Galaxy Note 2 vs Nokia Lumia 1020 - Top Specs and Price Comparison
e Kim Kardashian Eager For Second Baby After Wedding?
e Zara apologises for striped 'Holocaust' pyjamas with yellow star
e 'Mad Men' end in sight for creator Weiner with new season
t Major Historic Eruptions Cooled Earth Less Than Thought
b Taco Bell escalates breakfast fight with McDonald's
b Dow Jones Industrial Average Futures Up as Bulls Maintain Grip
e Todd Burpo, Author of 'Heaven is for Real' on Lessons Learned
b Vatican bank chief to step down
e Michelle Obama: High school diploma is not enough
b Russian Stocks End 4 Days of Gains as Investors Mull China Deal
b Uncertain Mood Prevails On Wall Street
e Eminem, Rihanna Performing 'Monster' For First Time at MTV Movie Awards
m Warning to the Pilgrims by WHO about the Mideast Virus
e How Gardner's 'Good Wife' death changes everything
e Joe Jackson Pays Tribute To Michael, Says Son Visits Him In His Dreams
t Google Glass gets KitKat update
b Yahoo's Alibaba Stake Is Valued at $26 Billion
b Microsoft Q3 Revenue Dips Despite Cloud Gains
e Miley Cyrus' Maserati stolen from her North Hollywood home
t Google Nexus 8 Release Date is Sept 2014 as 8.9-Inch Vanilla Android Tab  ...
t How space tech helped scientists identify Big Bang waves
e Marvel Announces Its 'Dr. Strange' Director!
b Twitter Signs Amazon Deal to Let Customers Shop by Hashtag (2)
m Refugees From Syria Denied Cancer Healthcare
e Rawlings Community Center hosts Cinco de Mayo celebration
e Justin Bieber's visit to Japan's Yasukuni war shrine ignites online backlash
e British boyband One Direction accused to driving young fans into trying drugs
e Box Office: Divergent Tracking for Twilight-esque Launch, Muppets Will Do Fine
b Gold ends near 2-week lows as ETF flows dry up
e Filming begins on new Star Wars movie
e on song: jessie at the awards
t Xbox password flaw: 5-year-old hacks dad's Xbox, shows major Xbox security flaw
e Funniest celebrity men on Lindsay Lohan's sex list
b FTSE perked up by surge in Shire
b Barnes & Noble Begins a New Chapter: Company Will Spinoff Its Nook Business
b Dollar Remains Mixed As Markets Await FOMC Rate Decision
t In secret experiment, Facebook tweaked feeds of 6 lakh users
e “You're Acting Like Covert Pedophiles”: Jada Pinkett Smith Checks Paparazzi  ...
t Android 4.4.2 KitKat Update for Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Neo to be Released  ...
e Beyoncé, Eminem, Azalea lead MTV VMA nods
m Study Finds Association Between SSRI Use During Pregnancy and Autism and  ...
b Credit Suisse is the largest bank to plead guilty to criminal charges in 20 years
t Facebook pays $2bn for virtual reality | Bangkok Post: breakingnews
e China's State Media Goes Into Overdrive Over the Marco Polo Incident
e US Airways says sorry after tweeting porn image to disgruntled flier
e Clint Eastwood's Jersey Boys trailer shows director's take on Broadway musical
b MISSING MH370: Four military aircraft checking 2 objects
m Breast Cancer Screening: Beyond Mammograms
e The Hobbit: The Battle Of The Five Armies Trailer Shows Epic Battle Scenes And  ...
t Launch of Russia's Angara rocket scratched at last minute
e How Dwayne Johnson kept his look a secret for upcoming 'Hercules'
m Being married is good for your heart
b Japan-German group to bid $10 billion for Alstom assets
b 49ers' Colin Kaepernick under investigation
m MERS fears soar as virus takes toll on humans globally
m New cases of antibiotic-resistant salmonella linked to California chicken  ...
e TDOT, THP prepare for 2014 Bonnaroo Festival
b Black Is Back At BlackBerry - Stock Likely To Recover Over Time (BBRY)
b Amazon stages big launch for Fire smartphone
m Does Sexual Orientation Matter When It Comes to Health?
b Tracking services available for all flights
t AT&T Wireless Plans to Add 21 Cities With U-Verse GigaPower for Super-Fast  ...
e Londoner Lindsay Lohan Relaxes on a Yacht in Ischia, Italy
e Justin Bieber Surprises Coachella Crowd with Chance The Rapper! (Video)
m NY plan takes aim at AIDS
e Just in Time for 'Duck Dynasty' Premiere, New Phil Robertson Video Surfaces
t Google Reveals New Self Driving Car
b GE invests in 151 MW Indian solar project
e LeVar Burton Raising Funds for 'Reading Rainbow' Rebirth
e It Was Mom: A Mother's Day Tribute To Moms #itwasmom
m Oklahoma House approves e-cigarette regulations
t Ford to offer 50th anniversary Mustang
e Team Vida Dancing With the Stars Freestyle Video 4/28/14 #DWTS #TeamVida
b Google Analysts Defend Firm After Q1 Miss, Stock Down
m Once-conjoined twins to leave Texas hospital - Quincy Herald-Whig | Illinois  ...
t How this Facebook photo helped the 'Burger King Baby' find her mother
b Bill Would End Door-Slot Mail Delivery For 15 Million Addresses, Save USPS $2  ...
t Escaping email: Inspired vision or just a pipe dream?
e 'Peanuts' teaser announces return of Charlie Brown and Snoopy (Video)
e Women still playing second fiddle at summer music festivals
b Oracle Quarterly Results Disappoint Wall Street; Shares Fall
e Peaches Geldof's Former Publicist Calls Her "A Charming Young Lady  ...
t New Smart LED Option Brought To You By LG Electronics
e A different perspective
b Alibaba discloses key partners in IPO, updated financials
t Google Travelogue Diminishes Genius Of Glass
e Creepy animation undermines mediocre 'Legends of Oz'
b China's Alibaba to undertake IPO in US
e FOX Releases Fall Schedule, 'Gotham' on Mondays
b Twitter Reports Earnings – Stock Down 9 % in after hours trading
b US auto sales surprise with strength in June - KTVN Channel 2 - Reno Tahoe  ...
e Yahoo Looking To Enter Original Programming Game: WSJ
e Hanging with Lea Michele at the 'Legends of Oz' Premiere
t You are here: HomeSoftbank CEO looking to end US mobile oligopoly
t What works and what doesn't in 'Destiny'
b VIX: 7 Things You Need to Know
b Sales sag at IBM despite cloud and security success
e Discovery network cancels Everest jump
e Investigation Says Paul Walker's Death Caused By Excessive Speeding
e Peaches Geldof dies: Bob Geldof's daughter, model, TV star was 25
b Market dazzled by ChinaVision deal
b Redskins Expect to Win Appeal: 'We've Seen This Story Before'
e Matt Lauer Decided to Stay with “Today” for a Few More Years
e A scene from "Fed Up."
b General Motors Recalls Another 3.16 Million Vehicles, Boosts Quarter Recall  ...
m Boy With Down Syndrome Told He Would Never 'Walk, Talk, Do Anything' - See  ...
e Megan Fox Joins Instagram, Shares Stunning Makeup-Free Selfie
b The Vast, Out-of-Control Costs of Climate Change
e Q&A: 'Divergent' co-star Ansel Elgort and author Veronica Roth
t Apple Buying Beats May Have A Strong Risk/Reward Profile (AAPL)
e Robert Downey Jr.'s Son Indio Arrested for Cocaine Possession
e Adele's New Album Title?
b The Explosive Growth of California's Drought in 1 Chart
t Samsung Galaxy S3 KitKat Update Android 4.4.2 Pushed for Verizon Users
m Egypt's army says device it claimed can cure AIDS and hepatitis C needs more  ...
m Low Back Pain Leading Cause of Disability Worldwide: Study
b Wal-Mart Forecast Misses Estimates as Sales Slump Lingers
t Google gets over 1000 requests to remove content
b UPDATE 2-US lawmakers air concerns over Comcast-Time Warner Cable deal
t Tibetans May Have Inherited High-Altitude Gene From Extinct Human Relative
t John Oliver delivers the clearest, most hilarious, explanation of net neutrality you  ...
t Fed climate report called 'tremendous undertaking'
m Wednesday is National Walking Day
e A representative for OPRAH WINFREY's cable network has dismissed reports  ...
e Lana Del Rey, Sam Smith and Linkin Park open big on next week's album chart
m Sober smartphone app aids boozers
b Twitter and Omnicom Ink $230m Mobile Ad Deal
e NBC's 'The Voice' results: Were Tess Boyer, Kat Perkins, Bria Kelly, or Delvin  ...
e 2014 Academy of Country Music Awards gallery
t Guess who's reportedly trying to follow Apple…again?
b Higher Oil Prices Lift Chevron Earnings but Production Drops - Analyst Blog
t Sprint swings to profit, loses fewer customers
m More activity: Less risk of gestational diabetes progressing to type 2 diabetes
t 'Amazon wants to be in your pocket'
t OnePlus One Launch Scheduled For April 23rd
t Twitter's acquisition of Gnip reaps rewards, risks
m 7 million killed by air pollution in 2012: WHO
b FBI Probes Herbalife Pyramid Scheme Allegations
b Burger King stock soars on whopper of a tax deal
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Specs, Features & Price: Waterproof Phone Takes ALS Ice  ...
b CPA offers tax tips for late filers
e Kim Kardashian - Kanye West wedding tomorrow!
b Yuan's Room to Roam Still Fenced In
t Microsoft Office 365 Personal launches with cheaper pricing following Office for  ...
m Fist Bumps May Be Better For Your Health Than Handshakes
t KNOW YOUR COMPUTER File Management
e US: Oprah Winfrey attends wedding of same-sex couple at New York Public  ...
b Coca-Cola sells more drinks but global soda sales fizzling
e Mila Kunis walks red carpet for first time since pregnancy reveal
b UPDATE 1-America Movil aims to cut Mexico market share below 50 pct
b Salesforce Forecast Tops Analyst Predictions on Cloud Growth (1)
t Samsung expected to unveil a call-making smartwatch in June
b Microsoft finally brings Word, Excel, and PowerPoint to the iPad
t You can't use Facebook's new Mentions iOS app
t Climate warming may hit India's food securiy system: Report
e Rolf Harris' sketches of courtroom seized and destroyed after jury complaints
e Jenny Lewis "Just One of the Guys" (video)
t Facebook accused of 'depressing' its users with News Feed experiment
b RBI may keep policy rate unchanged, voices caution
m Survivor urges people to be proactive during Skin Cancer Awareness Month
m Death toll from Ebola outbreak rises - WHO
m Hysterectomy device pulled, may raise risk of spreading cancer
e Mick Jagger's Girlfriend Death Caused by Suicide, Autopsy Reveals
t Microsoft-Based Games App for Windows Phone 8.1 Updated
t Amazon starts testing $9.99 ebook subscription service
b US STOCKS-Wall St edges up on Intel but posts weekly loss
e Grant Gustin Shows Off His Action Hero Side & His Smile For 'The Flash'
t PC Market: Don't Call It a Revival
t Global Warming Is Here, Human-Caused and Already Harmful: Leaked IPCC  ...
m Ebola outbreak: SA need not panic
b AAA forecasts most July 4 travel since 2007
m 3rd Case of MERS in US Was False Alarm, CDC Says
b Tesla Motors Inc Makes Amazing Cars; Sales Questionable
m WHO urges drastic action on Ebola
t Sony Warns Of Fire Risk From Vaio Fit Laptops
t Powerful: The Best Apple Ads Are Also Tutorials
m FDA acne drug alert WAARNNS of life threatening allergic reactions
t PR Newswire
b Three miners rescued in Honduras, more remain trapped
b Southern Power, Turner Renewable Acquire New Mexico's Largest Solar Facility
t Annoy your Facebook friends by asking about their relationship status
b Drug giants lock horns over $100b merger bid
m First-Time Dads More At Risk For Postpartum Depression, Symptoms Increase  ...
t Bing offers complainers a right to be forgotten from search results
b Gold Jumps Most in 15 Weeks on Fed Interest-Rate Outlook
t Twitter (TWTR) Introduces New 'Mute' Feature
b June WASDE report maintains prediction of record corn crop
b Google topples Apple to become most valuable brand
e 'Community': Well, NBC Finally Canceled It (Insert Your Own Darkest Timeline  ...
e See Ice Cube say very nice things very angrily
b Bank Of England Holds Interest Rates Amid Rising Housing Market
e Jenny McCarthy: No Stars At My Wedding, "I Hate Celebrities!" - LISTEN HERE
t FCC delays net neutrality commentary deadline after 'overwhelming' response
b Still need to file your taxes? Here's 3 things to know
e With $41.4 million, 'Captain America' holds off 'Rio 2'
t Sony Tops Console Sales to Beat Microsoft for Third Month (1)
m E-cigarettes get a free ride on other brands
e 10 Royal Recipes for a Game of Thrones Feast
t Blood Moon a Rare Treat For Star Gazers in the Western Hemisphere
e The CW's 'The Flash' Full Suit Revealed
e Ice Cube defends Walker comments
e Intruder arrested at Selena Gomez's new home
b Lowest gas prices in the Harrisburg area are in Highspire
e Marvel Female Thor Introduced in New Comicbook Series 2014, See First  ...
e It's Official: Gwen Stefani Joins 'The Voice'
t Why It Matters That Google's Android Is Coming to All the Screens
e Versace leads haute couture revival in Paris
b Gold prices to move in a range to higher: Emkay
e AC/DC's Malcolm Young on Hiatus Over 'Ill Health'
b eBay's Donahoe Beats Amazon in CEO Ratings
b Sbarro files for bankruptcy reorganization for second time in 3 years
e Glee's Dianna Agron Stars In Sam Smith's 'I'm Not The Only One' Video
t How the HTC One M8 Smartphone Stacks Up to the Competition
t Operation Dry Water To Begin Friday
e Movie stars sort of grow up in 'Neighbors'
e Ciara Welcomes Baby Boy with Rapper Fiancé Future
e Review: 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2' Is Not All That Amazing
t Brain injury turns a man into mathematical marvel
m Panda may have faked pregnancy for more buns, bamboo
t Comcast Merger Could Dominate Market for Local Political Advertising
t LG G3 smartphone boasts laser autofocus: Gimmicky or pure thrill?
e CBS names Stephen Colbert to succeed David Letterman
b Etihad confirms deal for 49% stake in Alitalia
e Dane DeHaan's GREEN GOBLIN Gets a Closeup in New Image
b Men's Wearhouse buys Jos A Bank for 1.8B
e The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back  ...
t Apple's Advertising Dilemma Aired at $2 Billion Trial
t Plants Capable of Hearing Bugs Munching Their Leaves and Release Chemicals
t Facebook expanding profiles to appeal to marketers
e Julia Louis-Dreyfus to return for fourth term as 'Veep'
b Russia hit by $60 billion Yukos ruling amid sanctions squeeze
b California Farmers and Cities to Get More Water
m People Opt for any Activity than Staying Alone
b US Stock Market Ends Higher As Earnings Pour In
b US Announces Win In WTO Over Chinese Duty On Cars
e MOVIE REVIEW: Seth Rogen, Zac Efron square off in 'Neighbors'
t Former Microsoft Employee Charged With Leaking Trade Secrets to Blogger
t Pocket Already Brainstorming App for Android Wear
b BrandZ Marketing Survey Ranks Google above Apple as Most Valuable Brand
e Tina Fey Addresses Mean Girls Sequel Rumors
b IMF cuts 2014 Russia growth forecast to 0.2% from 1.3%
e 'Scandal' season 3 finale: Was this show renewed or canceled?
b Chipotle Mexican Grill (CMG) Is Up Sharply After Q1 Report
e 'A Raisin in the Sun' revival earns multiple Tony nods
e Robert Downey Jr.'s son arrested on suspicion of cocaine possession
e Fleetwood Mac Announce North American Tour
m California: Whooping cough at 'epidemic proportions', according to health officials
m Ebola death toll continues to rise
t Digital companies demand new Google anti-trust probe
e A Jason Lane home run will be featured in a new movie
t Suzuki recalls 19000 Kizashi sedans over spiders
m Frostie the baby goat who uses a wheelchair
b Stocks move higher, head for solid weekly gains
t No, the US Isn't 'Giving Up Control' of the Internet
t GM traffic deaths tied to 57-cent part
b Duke Energy should pay for coal ash spill clean-up
t Week in Tech | Wearable Technology, Office for iPad, HTC One
m E-cigarettes '60pc better than gum' for quitting
b UPDATE 1-Unilever sells Ragu and Bertolli brands to Mizkan for $2.15 bln
t First life forms to pass on artificial DNA engineered by US scientists
t iWatch Launching With iPhone 6 on Sept. 9 (Report)
t HTC One (M8) the new flagship launched with Duo Camera
b GE plans to invest $1 billion a year in renewable power projects
m Fight against teen pregnancy gains ground, but war isn't over yet
t How Emojis Would Look if They Weren't All White
e Is Game of Thrones New on Memorial Day Weekend 2014?
e Watch! Clip from Melissa McCarthy comedy Tammy
t Nintendo's profit falling as Wii U sales down
t China excludes Windows 8 from govt computers
t NSA Seeks to Hire Code Breakers Via Encrypted Tweets
e Coachella: Plan your weekend based on the live webcast
b NAB chief says cut-price strategy still paying dividends
t Halo HD Collection Is Rumored To Be Coming to Xbox One
m Autism diagnoses spike in U.S. children
e Justin Bieber Admits Planning To Propose In Central Park: Has Selena Gomez  ...
b Money Tree! Recreational Weed Sales In Colorado Hit $14 Million
e Newcastle United star struck at New Zealand's WETA Workshop
t AT&T: DirecTV deal can help shape TV's future
t Apple Headhunts Tag Heuer Exec. Ahead of iWatch Launch
t Samsung Galaxy S5 pre-orders start in US
b Stocks slip after Malaysian jet crash
t Meteor Shower: First Ever Camelopardalid Approaches Earth; Must Watch for  ...
b Disney filed a patent for 'blimp-sized' puppets controlled by drones
b WWE Money In The Bank: Daniel Bryan Speaks To Michael Cole (Kickoff Pre  ...
b Twitter's (TWTR) CEO Dick Costolo on Q2 2014 Results - Earnings Call  ...
m Study: Sober smartphone app 'makes a big difference' in alcoholics' recovery
t Tesla releases patents, Docker goes 1.0, and more
e “Transformers” #1 In Slow 4th Of July Box Office Weekend
m Saudi health minister sacks deputy as MERS toll rises
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Dress to Impress at Met Gala
t Surface Pro 3 vs. Galaxy NotePRO: Productivity Tablets Face Off
b Gold Prices Fall Despite Escalation in Ukraine Violence
t NYT blasts net neutrality proposal
b Royal Dutch Shell profits hit by refinery writedowns
e The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back  ...
e Blue Ivy helps Jay Z present Beyonce with VMA Vanguard Award
e Fincher wanted $10M to direct Steve Jobs movie
b EBay rejects Icahn slate of directors
e Will Miley Cyrus teach Lily Allen to twerk when she joins the Bangerz tour?
t FTC accuses T-Mobile of adding bogus charges to customer bills
t Govt agencies, banks most exposed to Internet Explorer in India
e Premiere: Robin Thicke 'Too Little Too Late' (Snippet)
e Miley Cyrus hospitalized, cancels Kansas City show
e Purr-plexing: 'Hello Kitty' not a cat
e Meme: Ricky Martin's Parenting Advice, Freddie Prinze, Jr. Does Not Like Keifer  ...
m Headband Could Fight Migraine Headaches
e Dwayne Johnson as Hercules: Trailer Released
e Review - 'Tammy' Is A Winner
b Security forces on high alert in China's Xinjiang Province after a series of deadly  ...
b Flagging prices seal deal on ECB stimulus
b Wipro named world's most ethical company by Ethisphere Institute
b VMware Shares Slip After Guidance
e Scripps Bee spellers get surprise from Microsoft
t Google Glass gets the Diane von Fürstenberg treatment
e 'The Bachelor' diamond engagement ring: What happened to it?
e Geldof family 'beyond pain'
e Holy week services
e Springsteen Rocks Rain-Soaked Crowd In Dallas
b Yahoo's stock rises following Q1 sales gains from ads, Alibaba growth
e Shailene Woodley: I Spent 5 Hours Writing A Letter To Get 'The Fault In Our  ...
e The Wales international struck in extra time to complete a comeback as Arsenal  ...
b Bad News For Big Banks: Profit Falls At JPMorgan Chase
t Dashboard camera captures meteor lighting up night's sky
b Gold ends at 6-month high as Ukraine saga flares up
e 'Community' Revival: Yahoo Exec Says Show's Fans 'Impressed and Inspired'
t LG's G Watch is now available
t Facebook Changes Default Share Setting to Private
e Diva Drama: Miley Cyrus Refused to Appear on 'The Voice' Because of Christina  ...
e HBO sells reruns of hit shows to Amazon's Prime Instant Video
e Rolling Stones Postpone 14 On Fire Tour Dates (A Top Story)
b Target 'respectfully' asks customers to leave guns at home
e 'How to Train Your Dragon' sequel fails to soar like original
e Steve Martin Dismisses 'Father Of The Bride 3' Talk
t Targeted app install ads coming soon to Google Search and YouTube applications
b Coldwater Creek stores to close following bankruptcy
e Taylor Swift cancels sold-out Bangkok concert after coup in Thailand
e Relating and learning from the X-Men
e Shield actor Michael Jace pleads not guilty to shooting dead his wife in front of  ...
t AT&T Galaxy S4 mini to launch later this week with HD Voice support in tow
e Vancouver comic book business seeing a resurgence
e 'Game of Thrones': HBO gives two-season renewal to fantasy drama
b Gotham Shows The Value Of Short Selling As Gowex Enters Bankruptcy
e Mila Kunis' Pregnancy Cravings Make Her Whole Kitchen Reek
b Why the Fed has no ammo left
e Girl Meets World Recap 6/27/14: Season 1 Premiere
b Credit Suisse Raises Price Target On Google
b German inflation picks up in April, points to higher euro zone rate
e Paloma Faith vs. Rihanna in a tale of two sheer dresses
e What title would you give Sharknado 3?
b Green Groups, Industry Each Declare Victory in SCOTUS Ruling
e Blonde Beauty Nicola Peltz Fires Up The Red Carpet With Her White Hot  ...
b Flight 370: Did the Pilots Do It?
t Apple in Talks to Acquire Beats Electronics for $3.2 Billion [Updated]
b McDonald's says it was notified by regulator it can be named 'joint employer' with  ...
t Curiosity Rover Photographs Bright 'Light' on Mars, Cue Conspiracy Theorists
t GM Recall Repairs Begin Today
e 'Mom's Night Out' Movie Review: Great laughs and fun while leaving the vulgar  ...
m 5 Things to Know in Florida for July 31
t Zero-day exploit warning issued by Microsoft for IE versions 6 thru 11
e 'Game Of Thrones' Season 4 Episode 2 Spoilers: See Royal Wedding Photos  ...
t Full moon expected on Friday the 13th
t Report: 22.8 Million New Yorkers' Personal Records Exposed
b A few Tax Day deals available Tuesday
e Duchess Kate shows off new curls, super-slim figure
m Ebola fears at Commonwealth Games
e Drew Barrymore's Half Sister Dead
b Gold settles with a gain after two session decline
b China's Alibaba to file for biggest IPO since Facebook
e Speed To Blame For Paul Walker's Tragic Car Crash
t Why You Should Care About Net Neutrality
b Avnet Inc.: Avnet Named as a 2014 World's Most Ethical Company by the  ...
e Netflix Coming to Cable Providers
e 'Orange is the New Black' teases return with drama-packed new trailer
t 2 Android TV Apps Now Available On Google Play
b Eurozone inflation down to 0.5% in March
e Paul Walker's mother petitions to become legal guardian late actor's teenage  ...
b AT&T to acquire DirecTV for $48.5bn
e Haters Need to Stop Criticizing Beyoncé's Time Magazine Cover
m What's The Healthiest Way To Greet Someone? Just Ask Obama
b China's other internet IPO
t Microsoft reverses, vows not to snoop on emails
m Mumps Spreading Beyond Ohio State And Fordham University Into Community
b GM to ask bankruptcy judge for lawsuit protection in ignition switch recall  ...
e Casey Kasem Dead -- Radio Legend Dies At 82
e Here's A Chapter From The Next Game Of Thrones Book
b Novartis boss: deals strengthen our portfolio
t Nokia Microsoft Deal Finalised, 200 Jobs Lost
t Blood moon over Greeley
e Open sinkhole at Corvette museum drives up visitors
t Asana Revamps iPhone App, Launches iPad App (Finally)
e “Dancing with the Stars” Recap: Billy Dee Williams Bows Out
t Water-rich gem points to vast 'oceans' beneath the Earth
e Miley Cyrus wants "equality for everybody".
t Apple settles ebook antitrust case, set to pay millions in damages
m Court knocks down soda limit, setting uncertain precedent
e 'The Voice' Coaches Talk Before Season 6 Live Playoffs
b India cbank chief says RBI board committee to decide on bank licences
e 7 Vacation Destinations To Wild Out With Your Friends
e Jonah Hill hurls homophobic slur at paparazzo, apologizes to fans: 'I shouldn't  ...
e 'I'm Flattered': Charlie Sheen Hits Out At Rihanna Again After She Makes 'Old  ...
t Samsung to launch another Galaxy S5 with Tizen OS instead of Android?
t Scientists Create First Living Organism With 'Artificial' DNA
e Venom spotted in The Amazing Spider-Man 2 video game
b Toyota Camry gets a top-to-bottom makeover
m Proper tests needed to rule out coeliac disease
t US-Spec Jeep Renegade gets detailed in New York
t Supply ship making Easter delivery of supplies to space station
e Kendall Jenner keeps it casual for lunch date with friend - photos
t Samsung Ready to Unveil Galaxy K Zoom on April 29
t Years of research reveal more about iconic orcas
e Chris Colfer not leaving "Glee," Twitter account was hacked
t This is buzzworthy: The White House is ramping up efforts to save the honey bee
t Kerry: Climate report a wake-up call
b Pot Vending Machine Revealed
t Where Will Microsoft's 5000 Job Cuts Come From?
e Cersei Lannister, Lena Headey, May Not Get Naked on 'Game of Thrones' Due  ...
t Gas Prices Continue Climb, Nebraska Average Overtakes National Price
b West TX Oil Below $104 as Supplies Set to Rise
e Rumor: Bradley Cooper Eyed to Lead 'Indiana Jones' Franchise Reboot
m Officials warn about viral mosquito disease
t EMC snaps up TwinStrata for its hybrid cloud push
e Kristen Stewart And Anne Hathaway Dress In Drag
t Heartbleed live chat replay: Q & A
b Lennar Profit Jumps As It Sells More Homes At Higher Prices
b Fed's Plosser: Interest rates 'well behind' what is appropriate
e Rosie O'Donnell Describes OWN's 'Lindsay' 'a Tragedy on Every Level'
t 50 Years – 2015 Ford Mustang Displayed 1000 Feet Above Manhattan Atop  ...
t 5 Data-Driven Ways To Get Your Facebook Post Seen by Your Audience
b Yahoo CEO Mayer's compensation falls
e Jimmy Fallon takes 'Tonight' to Orlando this week for his first trip away since  ...
e Solange Knowles Breaks Silence on That Elevator Incident
m Formerly conjoined twins clear health hurdles to leave Dallas hospital
b Wells Fargo & Co (NYSE:WFC) Introduces Interactive Platform for College  ...
b 1.5M GM vehicles
t Facebook's "I'm a Voter" can be used by nearly 400 million people this year
b Facebook Inc.'s share price, posts increasing profit amid mobile-advertising  ...
e Moms and Work: A Mother's Day State of the Union
t Intel to move into wearable computing field
e Japanese people head for N. Korea to visit graves of kin
e Julia Louis-Dreyfus Naked and Having Sex With Clown in GQ -- SEE PHOTO!
b Fragile? Yes, but ready to move on
e First Photo of Christian Grey From 50 Shades Flick Revealed!
e One Direction members 'filmed smoking pot'
e Years of Refusal: Morrissey Biopic to Focus on Singer's Early Life
t Scores arrested in global sweep over 'BlackShades' malicious software
t Teardown reveals what makes Google's new 3D-sensing Android phone tick
e 'She wasn't going to allow a Kardashian to socially climb her'....real reason  ...
e DANG! Tupac Musical on Broadway Ends After Just Six Weeks
m Deadly Smallpox Virus Samples Discovered In Forgotten Storage Room
t AAA: More than 1 million expected on roads over holiday
t Internet.org Hands Out Free Samples in Zambia
b Emissions test delay for recalled vehicles
m A Mother's Day gift for Ohio mom, rare mono mono twins born holding hands
e Rapper Andre Johnson Severs Own Penis, Attempts Suicide, Survives
b Obama sends Burger King to Canada
e Movie Review: Captain America: The Winter Soldier Provides Much Needed  ...
e Disney Television Chief Anne Sweeney to Depart in January
b The Great Yield Compression in Global Bonds
t NASA is 'Very Close' to Finding Another Earth and Aliens
m Oscar Pistorius 'became global icon at London Olympics'
e Kirstie Alley Signs Back On With Jenny Craig
t Microsoft OneDrive Cloud Storage Price Dropped
e McCarthy freaked out when she saw Tammy billboard
e Cinema as I knew it is dead: Quentin Tarantino
m Warning as Suspected MERS Case Reported in Dist
e Mickey Rooney: A long and remarkable career in film, TV
e Arnold Schwarzenegger reveals secrets of 'Terminator: Genesis'
t Overheated Chinese computer users await recall notice
b US stocks dip
b AMAZON To Acquire COMIXOLOGY - UPDATED
t Apple launches entry-level iMac computer
b Dorsey, Williams and Costolo are hanging onto Twitter stock, but others are in a  ...
e William Shakespeare on-screen: Romeo + Juliet, Hamlet, Macbeth, more
b India tells Malaysia found no sign of missing jet
t Edward Snowden speaks to SXSW [WATCH LIVE]
e Mila Kunis Talks Pregnancy Boobs, "Shredded Vagina"
t Global alliance between Apple Inc and IBM for iPhone and iPad devices: How it  ...
b Aviation industry marks 100 years of commercial aviation since first flight across  ...
m Vitamin D Deficiencies Linked to Increased Risk of High Blood Pressure
b Draghi convenes mountain retreat as ECB contemplates new horizon
b Why Whole Foods Market, Inc. Stock Got Trashed
e Robin Williams & Chris Columbus Returning for 'Mrs. Doubtfire' Sequel
e Thor is now a woman: Get ready for the new Goddess of Thunder
t Technical Difficulties at the International Space Station May Send Astronauts on  ...
t Facebook let shrinks change users' news feeds in creepy experiment
t Hands on with Apple iOS 7.1: What's new? (pictures)
m Acne Products and Allergic Reactions: Watch Out for Ingredients Active Benzoyl  ...
b VIDEO: Student loan interest rates increase
t Xbox One Twitch Streaming Coming Tonight
b State Jobless Rate Drops in January from December
b AbbVie increases offer for Shire
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Still Hashing Out Prenup
b Publisher: Pay had no part in editor's ouster
t Google is shutting down its original social network but not because of Facebook
t LG's Third-Generation Ultra HD TVs Ready For Prime Time
t Sony's Gaming Network Returns After Hacker Attack, Bomb Threat
t Latest Recall Due to Takata Air Bags
b Gasoline price has familiar look as travel season comes closer
m Foster Farms recalls chicken linked to salmonella outbreak
b Russia may exempt China gas from mineral extraction tax - Ifax
b WWE Shares Are Crashing
b With Days to Go, ObamaCare Enrollment hits 6M
b Euro to CAD Currency News: Canadian Dollar Lower Despite House Price Index  ...
e Solange Knowles Violently Attacked Jay Z Post Met Gala [VIDEO]
b Washington likely to keep close watch on tax loophole as Burger King seeks to  ...
e Ginnifer Goodwin Marries "Once Upon a Time" Co-Star Josh Dallas
b Trade talks on $1 trillion in environmental goods
m Nations in crisis talks as Ebola spreads
t Apple CEO Tim Cook doing what Steve Jobs wouldn't
t NY Attorney General Reports 7.3 Million Records Exposed in 2013
t Samsung to launch website dedicated to its product design on March 27
e Ryan Gosling's 'Lost River' wins over few critics at Cannes
e Batman vs. Superman Movie Gets Official Title 'Dawn of Justice'
m Study: Women much more likely to develop Alzheimer's than men
b SAP Tech Chief Vishal Sikka Resigns
e Are Jay Z & Beyoncé Touring Together This Summer?
e Nicole Kidman Makes Nude Work At Celebrate Life Ball
t China Joins U.S. in Bid for Cleaner Air
b Reading Into the Amazon Vs. Hachette Battle
e Paul McCartney Hospitalized, Tour Dates Canceled
b Contract Signings for Home Purchases Slide for 8th Straight Month
e Jimmy Savile poses with the portrait Rolf Harris drew of him. Credit: ITV News
t Instagram flirts with Facebook as it breaks record 200 million users mark
e Beyonce Divorce Watch: Accuses Jay-Z of Cheating During On The Run Tour  ...
b India to have third-largest Twitter population by year-end
m First lab-grown vaginas successfully transplanted in four women
t Microsoft: From now on, we won't snoop into your email even if we think you're  ...
m ASK ANN...
e Pharrell Williams reduced to tears during interview with Oprah – watch
t More Governments Request Account Information From Twitter [GRAPHICS]
b Sun Pharma Gets FDA Import Ban on Gujarat Plant
e Fan Favorite Chris Soules Searches for Love Again on ABC's Hit Romance  ...
e Jonah Hill apologizes for homophobic slur
e LOSS OF A LEGEND: Ruby Dee Dies At 91
e Armed to the teeth and led by Arnold Schwarzenegger
b NY attorney general reports $298000 in income
b Yellen Issues New Warning About Housing
t Facebook's emotional manipulation study on users causes panic
b North Dakota now produces 1 million barrels of oil a day
e Katy Perry Announces Her Own Record Label And Reveals First Signing
e Prolific Author Walter Dean Myers Dies At 76
b Wall St. gets post-selloff bounce; dollar and euro sag versus yen
t Facebook Faces UK Inquiry for Manipulating People's Emotions
e Shailene Woodley Eats Clay As A Beauty Trick Because A Taxi Driver Told Her To
b Yellen makes careful forecast on economy
e May 25, 2014, 4:04 am
t Nike Digital Sports Division Layoff Might Be A Boon To The Apple iWatch
e Jenny McCarthy announces her new show on SiriusXM
b BP Exec Who Led Cleanup Settles On Charges Of Insider Trading
e Manziel's playbook: hanging with Justin Bieber
b Markets Slightly Lower As Bullard Hints Lower Rates Could Come Sooner Than  ...
e Jay Z and Beyonce Release Epic, Violent New Short Film For 'On the Run' Tour
t Science Google Cars Can Detect Cyclists and Road Construction
e Rihanna, Eminem team up for summer 'Monster' tour
m 6/16 - CNN Health Minute - New Mosquito-Borne Virus
m Kimmel Can't Find One Gluten-Free Person Who Knows What Gluten Is
t Twitter celebrates 8 year anniversary
t Recent ULA launches
b Second Market outbid in US Marshals bitcoin auction
e Peeps marshmallow candy to inspire movie, TV project
e 'Conscious Uncoupling': Chris Martin And Gwyneth Paltrow Announce  ...
t Tree Rings Solve Mystery of Old World Trade Center Ship
b Tesla Drops As Q1 Fails To Gun It, With 6457 Cars
b Gasoline prices move higher
e 'The Voice' Season 6, Top 10 Live Eliminations Recap: Twitter instant save falls  ...
t Change in Climatic condition may lead India to war: UN report
b Online petition prompts Coca Cola to remove “controversial” drinks ingredient
e The curious case of Andy Warhol's Floppy Disks From 1985, and his Previously  ...
e Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin 'in deep gratitude' for support shown after split
b Yahoo reveals workplace diversity statistics
b Brussels welcomes preliminary agreement between Ukraine and IMF
b Australian PM backs Obama's greenhouse gas plan
m 26/06/2014WHO urges 'drastic action' on Ebola, calls 11-nation meeting
e Zac Efron Attacked on Skid Row: His 'Bodyguard' Speaks Out About Crazy Night
e Lupita Nyong'o, Mindy Kaling and Kerry Washington top 2014 Most Beautiful  ...
t Apple Pushes Hard Into Enterprise With IBM Partnership
e Edgar Wright Is No Longer The Man for 'Ant-Man', Man. Why?
e Mark Hamill May Have Revealed Star Wars: Ep. 7 Plot
e Sarah Jessica Parker Eyes TV Return With 'Busted' Limited Series
m Doctors question relevance of routine pelvic exams for healthy women
b Greek central bank chief Provopoulos says wants second term
b Fiat Chrysler CEO Marchionne lays out global push
t Facebook have been toying with your emotions
t Apple concerned about the rise of Android as recently as last year
t Walmart slashes iPhone 5s and 5c prices; indication of iPhone 6 launch?
e 'The Other Woman' Review: Leslie Mann Stands Alone In a Rather Shitty Affair
b ConAgra Foods Inc (CAG) Releases Q4 Earnings Guidance
t Proposed Senate Bill Would Block Internet Fast Lanes, Mandate Net Neutrality
m Ebola Virus Death Toll Continues To Rise
b US home construction expected to show further rebound in June
t Apple tipped to bring home automation features to iPhone
e Joss Whedon releasing film for digital download
b Zillow Acquires Trulia for $3.5 Billion in Stock
t Mr Bush tiger's Mrs more lethal: New praying mantis found in Rwanda
e New installment plays like a never-ending popcorn picture
t Facebook deletes photos of slain rhinos, leopards and lions killed by Texas  ...
t Wii U total sales reach 6.68 million units
t VIDEO: What you need to know about the Aereo decision
t Melting of Antarctica's Western Ice Sheet could have dire effects on US cities
b Ahead of Earnings, BlackBerry Ltd Was Upgraded To 'Buy'
m AstraZeneca's Early-Stage Trials of Experimental Cancer Drug are Encouraging
t Office for iPad apps to add printing options soon, says Microsoft
m Stress disorder added to medical marijuana program
t Amazing New Image Captures Color of 10K Galaxies
b Philip Morris International Seeks Judicial Review of EU's Tobacco Products  ...
e Did Kim and Kanye tie the knot in the same place where daughter North West  ...
b Chinese sign 30-year deal for Russian natural gas
e The Rock Teases DC Comics Film Role Possessed of “A Superman Level of  ...
b Dull day for bullions
e Andy Serkis' new ape role 'should win awards'
t Ringwoodite hints at Bright Blue Rocks Deep inside Earth
b A Misnomer: The VIX as a Fear Gauge
t It is sad, but Microsoft Office iPad app makes the Apple tablet more work-friendly
e NYC street closures and travel restrictions for July 4 fireworks show
b JD.com Listing, Fat Stock Grant Lift Chairman's Billionaire Ranking
b Oracle's Results Improve but Disappoint Investors
m Frequent arguments hike death risk
e SNEAK PREVIEW: Movies opening this week
e WHY GOOD FRIDAY IS SO IMPORTANT TO CHRISTIANS
t 10 Years On, Gmail Has Transformed the Web as We Know It
b MPs raise pressure on Pfizer over AstraZeneca bid
e Valeria Lukyanova kids: No 'mixing' Lukyanova with kids
t Ignition Switch Problems May Exist In Fiat Chrysler's Dodge, Chrysler And Jeep  ...
e Seth Meyers to Host the 66th Annual Emmy Awards
t Sony unveils its VR headset: Project Morpheus
b Fox bid to buy rival signals content war
t NHTSA Opens Investigation Into Fiat Chrysler Ignition Switch Issues
t Golden Gate, Bay Bridge Go Dark for 'Earth Hour'
e Sean Combs returns to 'Puff Daddy' for new album
m FDA approves Kaleo's EVZIO for the emergency treatment of opioid overdose
e Fox's “Batman” prequel “Gotham” unveils full trailer
e Keeping Up With Kendall
b First Horizon to pay $110 mln to settle US agency's mortgage claims
t New Spritz technology claims to accelerate reading speed
b United Technologies' Sikorsky wins $1.3 billion US helicopter deal
e Comedian Katt Williams Reportedly Pulls Gun On Heckler
e Movie review: Heaven Is for Real, but not this film
e Michael Jackson Is About to Make a Comeback
b Asian Stocks Gain On US Cues
b Brent rises above $113, holds near 9-month top as Iraq violence intensifies
b Gasoline Volume Sales, Demographics And Our Changing Culture
m Arguing with your partner all the time? Have some chocolate*
e 'Godzilla' 2014 reboot movie monster sequel already in development after huge  ...
t Don't bet against Comcast, television's 800-pound gorilla
t Walmart Discounts iPhone 5S, 5C in 'Permanent' Price Change
b Whaddayaknow, Fracking Really Does Cause Earthquakes (Maybe)
t Windows Phone 8.1's purported new Photos + Camera app seen in leaked video
m Even running for several minutes daily reduces risk of death: study
b UPDATE 14 (Day 15) MISSING MH370: Anger, desperation in third week
e Mariah Carey made Nick Cannon wait until marriage to get busy
e Ansel Elgort on His 'The Fault in Our Stars' Role: 'I Can Relate to Augustus'
e Vanessa and Nick Lachey are expecting a second baby -- a girl
t This Hotel Is Getting Ready to Host the Virgin Galactic Space Passengers
e Brandy splits from fiance
t End to End from Google will offer encrypted exchanges, now looking for testers
e UK Charts: The Amazing Spider-Man 2 Amazingly Takes The Top Spot
t Can we take something positive from the Facebook furore?
t Mobile cramming scourge
e No Extra Security Planned for Mohegan Avicii Show
t Creationists' absurd “Cosmos” demand: Give us equal airtime!
b IRS says to treat Bitcoin as 'property' for tax purposes
b Mercedes touts self-driving trucks for haulage savings
t The next Windows 8 update could be called Windows 8.2
m Medicare payment to some doctors in the millions
b Obama carbon rules survive court challenge
e Amazon Prime to stream HBO shows… but no Game of Thrones yet
t Facebook Teams Up With Storyful To Launch FB Newswire For Journalists  ...
e 'The Goonies' director says sequel in the works
t Apple Sued Over Vanishing Texts
b US STOCKS-Wall St dips after Fed's Bullard talks about rates
e Seth Rogen, James Franco slammed for new Kim-Jong Un Assassination film
e Johnny Depp to star as Boston mobster in new film May 18, 7:27 pm
t Nokia expects its Microsoft deal to be completed on Friday 25th April
b Crude Records Year's Biggest Weekly Gain on Iraq Unrest
b Gazprom CEO accuses Ukraine of being "unconstructive" in gas talks
e Cyrus in hospital; Bangerz called off
e producers defend controversial fake Prince Harry show
e Home WhatsOn Entertainment Austrian bearded drag queen shares Eurovision...
b RSI Alert: Rexnord (RXN) Now Oversold
t New Discovery Supports Big Bang Theory of Universe
e An Erogenous Slice of Clavicle: The Best Lines from the Kimye Vogue Profile
t Microsoft May Start Using Lumia Brand on Tablets, 'Nokia by Microsoft' for  ...
b WWE Money in the Bank 2014 results, post-event open thread
e Beyonce, Jay Z Bring Hollywood Heat in 'Trailer' for 'On the Run' Concert Tour
e Colbert? Another White Guy?
b Australia, Japan reach accord on free trade pact, bridging disputes over farm  ...
m Whooping cough reaches epidemic level in California
t Microsoft gives 15GB of cloud storage to everyone, 1TB to Office 365 subscribers
t A breath of fresh MacBook Air
t Graco recalling harness buckles on certain infant car seats
e The Bachelorette 2014 Spoilers: Sneak Peek At Italy (VIDEO)
t Google Reveals Cuter, Safer Self-Driving Car
b 100 years on, airlines hampered by history: IATA
b Severe winter chills consumer spending
e NY Times Publisher Strikes Back Against Claims About Ousted Editor
b Buffett's Berkshire discloses new Verizon investment
m Dangerous chemicals linked to breast cancer – study
e Mick Jagger 'struggling to understand' why L'Wren Scott ended her life
e She's got the Bradley Cooper hangover
t Candy Crush maker King Digital shares sour in market debut
e The Glory Of Dan Slott's Beard And The Big Spider-Man Story For Autumn 2014  ...
e Canton man stuck in Vegas airport films Celine Dion music video
t 5 Killer Reasons Why You Should Wait For Nexus 6
b Russian reacted with rage yesterday after protesters staged violent  ...
t OkCupid Joins Facebook In Experimenting On Users
e 'Mad Men': Nipple in a Box
b Amazon unveils Fire phone after months of speculation and leaks
e 'Midnight Rider' Director Randall Miller, 2 Others Indicted In Connection With  ...
e Brad Pitt Reveals Details on Prankster Vitalii Sediuk's Red Carpet Attack During  ...
t Nintendo to introduce game console for emerging markets in 2015
t Dr. Dre Sells Beats for $3 Billion
e McCartney to make full recovery from virus in Tokyo
e There's An Overload Of Info About The Kanye-Kim Kardashian Wedding
e 'Game of Thrones' Season 4 Premiere Recap: A New Threat
e Full House TV reboot in the works
t Apple Looking to Add Touch ID to New iPhones and iPads
t Facebook will have stricter privacy controls for new users
b ABC Hypes IRS's Help Line Wait Times, Smaller Budget; Had No Time for  ...
e Lena Dunham And Barack Obama On A Double Date (Instagram Photo)
b U.S. Stocks Fluctuate as Investors Weigh Economy, Ukraine Crisis
e Olivia Palermo Says "I Do" to Model Boyfriend Johannes Huebl
t The Lytro Illum lets you change focus after taking the shot
b Weekly Analysts' Ratings Changes for salesforce.com, inc. (CRM)
b First Take: Alibaba comes to Yahoo's rescue -- again
e Iowa rancher is next star on The Bachelor
e Axed Dancing With The Stars Contestant Charlie White Admits Being Up Against  ...
t New Apple vs. Samsung legal battle even more important for Google than last time
m Alzheimer's Disease Fight Focuses on Preventive Treatment
e Seven Last Words of Christ
b Kerry arrives in India amidst WTO stand-off
t Microsoft invites to media event on May 20, for a Surface Mini launch?
m Experimental Chimerix drug request granted for sick boy
b Central European factory activity slows, Poland nears stagnation
e Fleetwood Mac Announce North American Tour With Christine McVie
e Led Zeppelin Live Stream Unreleased Tracks Today!
t Once bitter rivals Apple and IBM collaborate for mobile business
t Amazon Web Services, Cisco, Dell, Facebook, Fujitsu, Google, IBM, Intel  ...
t Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT), to aid PC market revival in 2015
b General Electric Company Expects A Bullish Second Quarter
e Kanye West thinks he knows why people don't like him: 'People only bash me  ...
b Ericsson shares spike after profit leap
e Sofia Vergara and Nick Loeb Split
m Study shows weight loss surgery could treat diabetes
t Extra! Extra! Samsung s5 is here!!!
t Nike to exit wearable tech market
b Barclays to reveal 20000 job cuts - reports
b La Quinta Prices IPO Below Range
b Netflix Plans To expand service in 6 more European countries
e Game of Thrones Season Finale: Jon and Mance's meeting interrupted (GIF)
e Goodbye Steve Rogers and welcome to the first black Captain America, Falcon
e Miley Cyrus' sister posts video of burning tour bus
b US economy shrinks at fastest rate since recession as harsh winter bites
b Low inflation bigger threat to US economy than price rise: Yellen
b BMW to build $1B factory in northern Mexico
e Kim Kardashian sleeping in a corset?
t Facebook developing video-chat app to rival Snapchat: FT
e George R. R. Martin Posts Proof That He's Really, Really Working on that Sixth  ...
m MERS Transmitted in US for First Time, Patient not being Treated
e Hasbro exec who helped create GI Joe dies at 86
m Food marketers are manipulating you with 'healthy' labels
b Russian stocks pressured, Visa, MasterCard stop serving 2 Russia banks amid  ...
b Jobs & Hiring Online: US Economy Grows in June; 288000 New Jobs Added
t Oracle buys hotel IT giant Micros Systems for $5.3 billion
m Tamiflu drug 'largely ineffective' in reducing hospitalisation: study
b China Telecom Earnings Preview: Rising 3G Demand And Broadband  ...
m Third area flu death reported ...
m The 10 Worst Cities For Spring 2014 Allergies
t Cardboard is an Inexpensive DIY VR Headset by Google
e Prince re-signs with Warner Bros. and plans to re-release Purple Rain soundtrack
m Minnesota bans antibacterial chemical from soaps
e The Meta Delights of 22 Jump Street
m Centenarians are outliving 'lifestyle' diseases
e 'Noah' finally debuts in theaters after lots of controversy. How accurate is it?
b Extra Time To Enroll In ACA
t April sky offers great sights
t Lyrid Meteor Shower peaks tonight: How to watch
t Facebook acquires Oculus Rift for $2 billion
b Central Bankers Who Bemoan Low Volatility Share Blame, BIS Says
e Ghostbusters 3 Happening Without Director Ivan Reitman
e Coming to Theaters: Daniel Radcliffe's 'Frankenstein' Update, A Look at the  ...
t Samsung launches Galaxy Tab S, expected to be priced at Rs 25000
e Film review: Muppets Most Wanted (U)
m Endemic threat: 'Pakistan can transmit polio abroad'
b JPMorgan CEO Dimon Says He Has 'Curable' Throat Cancer
e Review: 'Bears' documentary kid friendly and cute
m Flaw in 'Watchful Waiting' Approach for Prostate Cancer
b SanDisk to buy Fusion-io Inc for $1.1 billion
t Total eclipse of the moon
t Heartbleed Threat Bugs Internet Users
b WTI Has Longest Drop Since '12 as Supply Fears Ease; Brent Falls
e Billboard Music Awards 2014 Fashion: Kendall and Kylie Jenner, Nicki Minaj  ...
t Why Apple Needs To Buy Beats Audio Or 'Organically' Build Its Own Streaming  ...
t International Space Station crew arrives despite Russia, US tension
t Download Beautiful Android L Wallpapers for Your Device!
e Pharrell Williams' Happy Enters 4th Week At No.1
t Samsung Electronics' Q1 net profit tops W7.57t
b Why J.P. Morgan Chase (JPM) Stock Is Down Today
b Fitch: Banks' Cover Pool Encumbrance Remains Broadly Stable
m Tampered Bottles Of Weight-Loss Drug Discovered In 7 States
e The Historical Error On Julia Louis Dreyfus' Naked Cover
e Kaley Cuoco-Sweeting Dons Short Shorts on Cosmo Cover, Talks Chaos of  ...
t Titanfall Pre-Release Date Deals - All of Them Have a Twist
e Jay-Z gives Beyonce her MTV award
m RI on alert after first suspected MERS fatality
t Google IO: Android Wear
t Facebook launches its Internet.org app in Africa
e 'Medical issues' hospitalize nearly 50 Boston concertgoers
e Boers: Remembering Letterman's Late Night Run
t AT&T working on ultra high speed Internet
e Aaliyah biopic: Disney star Zendaya drops out of Lifetime TV movie
b Settlements Are For Banks, Not People
t A Tale Of Two Patents: Why Facebook Can't Clone Snapchat
e 'Jersey Shore' Alum Mike 'The Situation' Sorrentino Arrested, Gets Black Eye  ...
e ABC renews 'Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.,' orders 'Agent Carter'
e 'Game of Thrones' director Alex Graves on filming Joffrey's wedding
t Worldwide PC, tablet, ultramobile shipments to grow 4.2pc in 2014
b Asian Stocks Decline as Middle East Violence Escalates
t Facebook releases Slingshot worldwide
b GE, Siemens queue for Hollande
b General Motors announces three new recalls
b Why Amazon Pays Some Workers Up To $5000 To Quit
e Solange Knowles Talks About Jay-Z, Beyoncé Elevator Fight: Despite Divorce  ...
t Google's hardware empire
b JPMorgan earnings fall 19%
t HTC One (m8) Duo camera - is it the killer feature HTC needs?
e CinemaCon Studio Guide: Universal's Unbroken, Fast 7 & Fifty Shades of Grey
e Beyonce makes surprise appearance at Coachella
t NASA to inventory carbon: Satellite expected to show where gas is being released
e Charlie Sheen Caught Walking Round Taco Bel Dive-Thru "Hammered"
b Do world leaders like Obama still use Blackberry smartphones?
b India's July PMI rises, factory activity registers fastest growth in 17 months
e Santa Barbara Shootings: Rush Limbaugh Questions Whether 'Hunger Games  ...
b German jobless total falls in April
m Cataract surgery, singing can improve quality of life and cognitive ability of  ...
t Oculus Announces Developer-Focused Conference, Acquires Game Networking  ...
e Stephen Colbert responds to #CancelColbert; did his joke cross the line? (Poll)
b Gas analyst: US drivers will see most expensive July 4th gas - WXOW News 19  ...
e Fun, action-filled 'Guardians of the Galaxy' is in on the gag
m Roche's cobimetinib used with Zelboraf helps advanced melanoma patients live  ...
e There Really Was A Monster At The End Of The True Detective Finale Dream  ...
t The future of robotics is soft and squishy
t Sprint Fined $7.5 Million for Do-Not-Call Violations
t NASA Satellite LADEE Crashes Into The Moon Friday As Planned
b Yen Weakens In Asia Despite Crimea Tensions
b Find your own investment benchmark
t Google developing 3D imaging tablet: Reports
b Gowex bankruptcy: Local councils vow to proceed with free Wi-Fi projects
b Criminal probe launched in Herbalife
b Symantec Shunts CEO Steve Bennett, Names Michael Brown Interim Head  ...
e “Sandy, I'm sorry!” Bullock's brush with stalker a real-life scary movie
e 'Game of Thrones' review: Do 'The Laws of Gods and Men' actually matter?
b Food labeling bill stirs debate at State Capitol about genetically modified products
e Former 'America's Next Top Model' contestant Katie Cleary's husband commits  ...
e Rare copy of Superman comic book fetches $3.2M; NY dealers buy in eBay  ...
e Colin Firth Will No Longer Provide Voice Of Paddington The Bear
b Australian PM starts week-long tour of NE Asia
e Mirthless script drags down superstar cast
t Facebook seeks Indians to call with new 'missed call' ads
t iPhone 6's “unbreakable” sapphire glass screen shown off in two videos
b US stocks open higher with Fed in focus; Dow Jones up 0.68%
e Youth focus for Narre Warren Baptist Church Easter production
t E-commerce analytics start-up Rangespan bought by Google
b Michaels: Credit, debit cards may have been exposed
b Corn, soybeans gaining on wheat
b Air France KLM has its wings clipped by competitors
t Twitter 2nd quarter results soar, stock flies high
b Target CEO steps down in aftermath of customer data breach
m Will My Prostate Cancer Return? New Genetic Test Detects Men Likely To Have  ...
e Dancer who lost leg in Boston Marathon blast performs again
b Facebook CEO reaps $3.3 billion gain
m UCLA study finds some low-risk prostate cancer patients are not
b Bitcoins are Property Not Money - US IRS
b NTSB faults Asiana pilots for 777 crash, says complex automated controls a factor
t Iran denies it summoned Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg to court
b US Durable Goods Orders Show Strong Growth For Second Straight Month
b China factories struggle, adds to expectations for stimulus
b China evacuates 3000 nationals from Vietnam as violence turns deadly
m Saudi Arabia Licenses First-Ever Female Pilot
m BREAKING: Company is Giving 7-Year-Old Boy Lifesaving Drug
b Facebook Boosts Mobile Advert Sales
e TV: Scott Michael Foster, Elizabeth Lail Cast as 'Frozen' Characters in 'Once  ...
e Teen sci-fi franchise 'Divergent' debuts with $56 million weekend
t Red Hat Enterprise Virtualization 3.4 Officially Released; Docker Support on the  ...
b Nomura Positive on Twitter's (TWTR) New CFO Noto
m Diet Beverages Shown To Play Positive Role In Dieters' Weight Loss
b UK Service sector growth hits 2014 high as firms hire aggressively - Markit/CIPS
e VIDEO: Charlize Theron Looks Sexy in an LBD and Talks Sean Penn!
b Morgan Stanley's Earnings Win: Did It Just Beat Goldman Sachs Group Inc?
m Stem Cells: Skin Cells of 2 Adult Men Successfully Cloned
e Bachelor Juan Pablo Picks Nikki Ferrell: Former Bachelor Stars, Celebrities  ...
e June 16, 2014: Jason Momoa Rumored to Portray Aquaman
e Jada Pinkett Smith Defends Willow's Instagram Pictures With Moises Arias
e Jamie Foxx: Spider-Man is a franchise
b Why the Census Bureau is under fire for changing its health care questions
e The lost album from Johnny Cash is released
m Death toll from West Africa Ebola outbreak jumps to 603 -WHO
t Apple to live stream WWDC keynote next week
b Uber Now Legal in London, Still Faces Speed Bumps in US
t NASA's First LDSD Test Flight a Success
t Mailbox Launches For Android and Mac — Inbox Zero For All
t Aereo Loses Internet TV Fight
t 'Make way for dragons': World's largest lizards return to Bronx Zoo
b HP to cut up to 16000 more jobs
t Get your Google Glass: Wearable computers on sale to public for one day only
e Lupita Nyong'o is People magazine's 'World's Most Beautiful'
e 'True Blood': Every Question The Series Finale Forgot To Answer
e Gwar founder Dave 'Oderus Urungus' Brockie dies at age 50
e Celebrities take the stage at the MTV Video Music Awards 2014
b Yum Brands 1Q Restaurant Sales Up 9% in China
e Will Don die? Will Megan be murdered? Conspiracy theories are rife for seventh  ...
b ECB measures may be warranted despite inflation pick-up in April
t Jacksonville Jaguars get the world's biggest LED-lit HD displays, little else
m False-positive mammograms have limited effect on anxiety
t Google Glass hardware upgraded, viewfinder and 12 Glassware apps announced
t Apple manufacturers ramp up hiring ahead of iPhone 6 launch
t Facebook's Nearby Friends Feature Will Let You See Where Friends Are
m Vaccines have low risk of serious side effects, review study reports
e Amazon jumps into music streaming
m LI hospital warns thousands of possible HIV, hepatitis contamination
t Autonomous soft-robot is as swift as a fish
e Lindsay Lohan tells Oprah she's done with partying
t High Altitude Gene 2
b Nikkei hits 10-day closing high on upbeat US earnings, data
b The End Of Microbeads Is Near
e A 24-Year-Old Girl Who Collapsed At Coachella Has Died After Apparently  ...
m Mental illness may cause early death
m Our opinion: Teens making smart choices
m Artificial pancreas shows promise in diabetes test
t Invasion Of Spiders In Gasoline Tanks Lead To Second Massive Mazda Recall
e How Jon Favreau's New Food-Truck Movie Is Actually A Metaphor For His Career
t Camelopardalid Meteor Shower: Where to Watch Shooting Stars Live Online
m If You Don't Know! News & Politics Roundup: First Case Of MERS Contracted On  ...
t Facebook is going virtual as it buys the Oculus Rift for a staggering $2billion
t Meet the first Android Wear devices: The LG G Watch and Motorola Moto 360
m Local hospitals shine in 2014-15 rankings
e Miley Cyrus course offered at New York college
e RIP Sue Townsend: Our Favourite Adrian Mole Quotes
e Family traditions, recipes add to Easter celebration
b AstraZeneca rejects final proposal from Pfizer
e Mary Rodgers dies at 83; composer was part of musical dynasty
m Health Warning: Avoid The Handshake, Fist Bump Instead
e Gwen Stefani joins 'The Voice' as a coach (Confirmed)
e Tracy Morgan stable but not out of danger
e Documentary to Show Rare Footage of FDR Walking
b Ikea will raise minimum wage for employees
b Washington State Attorney General sues 5-hour ENERGY for misleading  ...
t Oculus and Minecraft creator share crossed words over Facebook sale
t Nokia Lumia 1020 vs Nokia Lumia 1520: comparison between two milestone
b IRS rewards workers with discipline problems
e Ruby Dee, acclaimed actress and activist, dies
t Netflix First-Quarter Earnings Beat Expectations
b What are you paying for gas this Memorial Day weekend?
e Cast: Seth Rogen, Rose Byrne, Zac Efron, Dave Franco
b Macro Horizons: China, Japan Data Point to Restructuring Challenges in Both
t PlayStation Network Back Online After DDoS Attack
t 5 things you need to know Friday
b Monte Paschi Seeks EU5 Billion to Repay Aid, Build Buffer
e A truly special Mother's Day
b FAA may loosen rules for drones in movie and TV filming
e Piers Morgan bows out of CNN show with a final call to change 'absurd' US gun  ...
e Lindsay Lohan no fan of 'Grand Theft Auto V,' sues game maker for misuse of  ...
b UPDATE 1-Yogawear maker Lululemon sees profit, revs below estimates
b Target fires head of Canadian operations
e Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Meet Megan Fox In First Trailer [Video]
e Magic School Bus rides again on Netflix
b The Perfect Storm : Will Silver and Gold Short Squeeze Collapse the Bond Market?
t Google Reveals Details Of Wearable Tech Smartwatches, Indicates They Will  ...
b Apple grants new exec Angela Ahrendts $68 million in stock
b Mike Gupta replaced as Chief Financial Officer of Twitter
b N.D. governor urges building of more oil, gas pipelines
t Life Outside The Fast Lane: Startups Wary Of Web Traffic Plan
b NC bill would order closure of ash pits
m Polio on the rise again in the developing world
t Ford Built A Mustang On Top Of The Empire State Building Last Night
e Writer John Green on Hollywood and teen whispering
b Should You Buy This Rally, or Fear a Crash?
b Juniper Sales, Profit Climb In Q1
t Flipkart Teases The Launch Of Samsung Galaxy S5 Mini In India
e Khloe Kardashian & French Montana Kiss Publicly: Message For Lamar Odom?
m Bulletproof nuclei? Stem cells exhibit unusual absorption property
t Mars Curiosity rover finishes drilling 2.6 inch deep hole
e Day Three of Weird Al: Lorde's "Royals" Becomes "Foil"
t Ex-Microsoft employee arrested for leaking Windows 8 code
b Mortgage Interest Rates Slip at Quicken Loans, BB&T Bank Today (March 12)
t Cisco Doubles Down on Data Center With Microsoft
e Lindsay Lohan sues Grand Theft Auto over character likeness
b President Obama visits Ann Arbor
e Chris Brown sends 'special' message to girlfriend from jail
e Kim Kardashian Kissed Her Step-Brother Brandon Jenner, Brody Reveals After  ...
t Nereus, World-Leading Deep Sea Vehicle, Lost During Mission Exploring  ...
t Climate change – have things changed?
e Purple wedding on 'Game of Thrones' gives fans what they want
e Transformers 5 for 2016 release date? Too soon, says series producer
b Channel Tunnel travellers experiencing delays for second day
e George Clooney Rips Las Vegas Casino Mogul in Defense of 'Longtime Friend  ...
t For California, on to Round 2 for a Gigafactory
b For the first time, 'mini puke' is defined by a regulator
b Oracle Remains A Work In Progress After Earnings Miss
e Pamela Anderson Files For Divorce From Rick Salomon
e What Went Wrong With 'Glee'?
b Search for Malaysia plane cut short
e Post 'Maleficent', Angelina Jolie finds her face 'dull'
t Samsung Updates Milk Music App With Support For Galaxy S5
e Jen-An sparks lip rumors
b Snack sales help PepsiCo beat profit estimates
t New MacBook Airs could launch tomorrow, bigger updates later this year
e 'Muppets Most Wanted' Parallels News Coming Out of Putin's Russia
b Alcoa tries to fly over Chinese aluminum glut
m Appeals Court Kills NYC's Big Soda Ban
e Josh Kaufman Wins NBC'S "The Voice"
e Star Wars Episode VII - Does Princess Leia have a larger role than we think?
b Missing Malaysian plane MH 370 never entered Thai airspace
e Dating Prince Harry Rehab After Princess Kate Middleton Pregnant Baby Bump  ...
e 5 Must-See Moments From the 2014 Billboard Music Awards (VIDEO)
e New York gym burns Kanye and Kris Humphries in full page ad
b GM names new safety chief in wake of damaging recall
m Could a Blood Test Detect Early Signs of Alzheimer's Disease?
e What did Picasso hide beneath one of his paintings?
t Google Glass update XE16 starts roll out, brings KitKat to the specs
b Applications for US jobless aid dip to 4-month low
b Attempts to check High-Frequency trading by New York
t Alfa Romeo SUV scheduled to launch in 2016
t General Motors Will Fall Further Before Hitting Bottom
e Watch 'Star Wars 7' Star Daisy Ridley in The Short Film 'Blue Season'
t Quest for extraterrestrial life not over, say experts
m Cumberland County to spray for mosquitoes
e Colbert Report draws accusations of racism from Twitter users, including  ...
t GM recalling nearly 29000 Cruzes to fix air bags
b Apple (AAPL) near $3.2B deal for Beats - FT.com
t Aldrin solicits moonwalk memories
e Neil Patrick Harris' 'Motherf-ker' Response Was in Good Fun, Spokesman Says
t How To use Storage Sense for Windows Phone 8.1 on your Lumia
b WATCH: Dramatic video as 2 planes 'almost collide' at Barcelona airport
e Star Wars to start filming in May, includes much-loved R2-D2
t Fossil fuel emissions causing 'irreversible' damage to planet: UN climate report
b Wall Street closes up but ends week lower, Europe stocks down
b Business Wire
b Alibaba to list on NYSE
b Why Ford (F) Stock Is Up Today (Update)
e Mila Kunis Pregnant With Ashton Kutcher's Child: See Her Baby Bump So Far  ...
e Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles character posters
b Cyprus Sells Bonds, Bailed-0ut Nations' Market Exile
e Box office lacks bang for Fourth weekend
b US navy hands oil tanker over to Libya
e Dawn of the Planet of the Apes Gets 3 Incredible Prequel Short
t Regulator Reasserts Goal To Restrict AT, Verizon In Auction
b Chipotle Mexican Grill Price Target Raised to $592.00 at Barclays (CMG)
e 'Apes make war'
e Reel Reviews: Monsters make an impression in Godzilla
m UPDATE 1-FDA proposes program for faster approval of medical devices
e Building 15 years of Brand Beckham: The rise of Britain's ultimate super couple
b Major Kennedy construction closures begin tonight
e 'Godzilla' opens with smashing $93.2 million - WNEM TV 5
e Justin Bieber's Friends Have Been Subpoenaed To Tell On The Pop Star's  ...
e Lindsay Lohan is suing the makers of 2013′s bestselling game Grand Theft  ...
b Quartz Daily Brief—Europe edition—Draghi's decision, Sprint's T-Mobile offer  ...
m Mouse Study Hints at How Mediterranean Diet Protects the Heart
e 'X-Men' director accused of sexually abusing teenage boy in 1999
t Is It Time for Nintendo to Give Up on Hardware?
t 3 iOS/Android Apps for Last-Minute Memorial Day Travel Plans
m Pistorius trial resumes after psych tests
b Stock market falls slightly as investors await economic reports
e Kendall & Kylie Jenner Can Laugh At Themselves! Kendall's Infamous Award  ...
e VIDEO: Watch Barbara Walters Final Farewell to THE VIEW & More
m Medical group urges against gynecological pelvic exams; other doctors disagree
e This week in auto racing
e 'The Voice' top 12 live shows begin with technical issues: 'The Voice' recap
e Kevin Smith Reckons Star Wars Episode VII Is Way Better Than Batman V  ...
t Apple win does little to change tide of smartphone wars
e US museum adds Katy Perry portrait to collection
e Family matters most in 'Heaven is for Real'
b Data storage firm Box files for IPO of up to $250 mln
b GIA named one of World's Most Ethical Companies
e Juan Pablo's crude comment to Clare revealed
t Amazon Gets Into Smartphones
t Gas prices drop slightly this past week
t New Surface tablet hits Taiwan in Aug.
t Nokia X2
t TiVo announces the $49.99 Roamio OTA DVR
b Pro-democracy H.K. legislators walk out to protest against Leung
t VIDEO: Apple's WWDC Tightens The Handcuffs On Users. Analysts Overall  ...
m Hospital ratings show sharp differences in safety, chance of dying
e Led Zeppelin in lawsuit over 'Stairway to Heaven' guitar riff
t 8 reasons Samsung should fear iPhone 6
t Facebook's New Nearby Friends App Will Let You Take Social Interactions to a  ...
b Washington State Issues First Licenses for Pot Retail Stores
t Leak of Microsoft Info Leads To Arrest
m Study: Gay Sexual Encounters via Apps Increase STD Risk
b UK inflation rises to reach BoE target - UPDATE
e X-Men: Days of Future Past opening battle scene
t LG G Watch on AT&T; PC Market Not Dead Yet; Google Co-Founders Talk AI
b Jump for US jobless claims
b US safety board blames pilot 'mismanagement' for crash of Asiana Flight 214 in  ...
e Brian Williams raps 'Gin and Juice,' fires back at Jimmy Fallon
e Dancing On A Lark: Gov. Christie Struts His Stuff On 'Tonight Show'
b Making a killing to cost Facebook chief
t GM recalls 500000 Camaros
t Microsoft Paying Apple 30-Percent Cut on In-App Office 365 Subscription  ...
t Netflix Price Increase Begins
m First Motorized Device Approved by FDA to Help People With Spinal Cord  ...
t Icelandic scientists predict three possibilities for Bardarbunga volcano
e '22 Jump Street' and 'How to Train Your Dragon 2' top box office
b Hertz Revamps Capital Structure in Equipment Rental Spin
e PaleyFest: Lost Reunion Reveals Unanswered Questions
m California Repealed Law Requiring Gloves in Restaurant Kitchens
e Marshal: Leave fireworks displays to the professionals
b Euro slips as Draghi hints ECB may act in June
t Global warming threatens Penguins
b Bloomberg: AbbVie Mulls Another Sweetened Offer For Shire
m Eli Lilly Seeks Approval To Sell Cialis Over the Counter
m U.S. confirms second case of MERS, this time in Florida
t Elon Musk blames bribery for Air Force awarding rocket contract to a competitor
b Asian Shares Find Support amid China Uncertainty
e Sum 41 singer Deryck Whibley hospitalized for alcohol abuse
b Thursday, March 13 2014 06:58 AM
e 'They took center stage!' Sofia Vergara stuns in skintight black dress while  ...
t NASA satellite could answer nagging global warming questions
e George Lucas Is Opening a Museum of Himself in Chicago
t Verizon named Wichita's best in speed/reliability study
m Tired at home? Come to office and relax
t Now dozens of high-profile VCs are protesting the FCC's net neutrality rules, too
t Facebook Testing “Buy” Button
t Microsoft takes heat after snooping in email leak case
b Parasailing Crash Survivor Reunites With Hospital Staff Who Saved Her
b Disney Files Patents To Use Drones In Park Shows
t MIT Undergrads Start Semester With $100 in Bitcoin
t Fourth of July travel tips for the road
m FDA proposes regulations for e-cigarettes
t RPT-Daimler and Nissan invest $1.36 bln to develop, build small cars
t Apple Launching Biggest iPad Ever
e Proof That Will Ferrell Is One of Late Night's Funniest Guests (VIDEO)
e Townsend 'was working on Mole book'
e Game of Thrones Recap: Season 4, Episode 7, "Mockingbird"
m Broomfield company searching for Ebola answers
t Curiosity rover takes photos of strange, unexplained light on Mars
b Surprise: ObamaCare working best in states that embraced it
e Two Screenshots From The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Trailer Dropping  ...
e JetBlue apologizes after girl, denied toilet, urinates in plane seat
b Honeywell Beats on Q2 Earnings Estimates, Raises EPS Guidance
e Halle Berry as Pregnant Astronaut on 'Extant'
m Tamiflu: Major report claims drug is 'ineffective'
m Fortified cereals might provide too many nutrients
e Andre Johnson: Feeling "Blessed" After Loss of Penis
t All Excited for Rare Meteor Shower
t Iceland on Alert for Massive Eruption of Bardarbunga Volcano
b 4 Things You Need to Know Today March 31, 2014
t GM Adds Another Half-Million Cars to 2014 Recall Total
b GE Is Open to Alliance With France
b CB Consumer Confidence Index up at 83.0
m Exact Sciences' DeeP-C Study Results Published in New England Journal of  ...
t Snapchat Settles With FTC Over Disappearing Messages, Privacy Measures
t Rare Living Oarfish Spotted; Do They Signify an Upcoming Earthquake? (VIDEO)
e This Infographic Perfectly Captures Don Draper's Marketing Acumen
b Pinterest valued at $5 billion
b Forex rigging claims could prove to be bigger scandal than Libor, says Carney
t iOS 8: Apple's big push into health, homes
t Microsoft unveils first phone since Nokia takeover: the Nokia X2
b Forty said dead in Donetsk fighting, most of them rebels
b Metro Augusta's Unemployment Rate Declines To 6.3 Percent In April
b Global stocks rise on corporate results, euro falls on inflation data
m One-in-Three Americans Has Strain of HPV – But Not the Cancer-Causing Kind
b March 28, 2014 9:42 am
m Kids get codeine in ER
m Four Loko, State Attorneys General Reach Settlement in Suit
m Tennis: NSU takes down top juco squad
b Federal Highway Funds Depleting As Congress Stall Over Solution
t ORU baseball: Romano named SLC Relief Pitcher of the Year; six honored by  ...
b Futures drop as Iraq turmoil continues
t Samsung's Graphene Breakthrough Paves Way For Flexible Phones Of The  ...
e Kevin Smith elaborates on what he saw during his Star Wars set visit
t Astronomers discover cool 'diamond' in the sky
b Here is all the global market buzz
t Galaxy S5 Google Play Edition Shows Up in Leaked Image
e 'Ban Bossy' Campaign Wants to Change the World for Little Girls
e Casting News: Robert De Niro Joins 'Idol's Eye', Johnny Depp Negotiating for  ...
t Apple iPhone 6 - Is it coming out to soon?
m UPDATED: Merck, Endocyte score crucial EMA OK for conditional approval of  ...
e 'The Bachelorette' star Andi Dorfman's runner-up reportedly begged to reunite  ...
b Vegas fire: 1 person dead; several police treated
t Email from Steve Jobs reveals Apple TV 'magic wand,' other future product ideas
e Kim Kardashian Talks Playing Dress Up With North
b Protesting McDonald's workers arrested in Chicago; labor pay debate beginning  ...
e Brown turns down reality TV project
e Amy Adams Gives up First Class Seat to US Solider on Delta Flight
e Respiratory Infection Forces Morrissey to Cancel Rest of US Tour
e Who Wore a $89.99 Gown from Target to the CFDA Awards?
e Game of Thrones finale, winners and losers
b Nationally, new home sales plunge 14.5 percent in March
t FCC chairman Tom Wheeler: Net neutrality is not dead, Internet 'fast lanes' are  ...
e Director, 2 more indicted in fatal Georgia train crash
e Lea Michele's New 'Boyfriend' Isn't An Escort He's A 'Love Coach'
e Marvel announces 'Guardians Of The Galaxy' sequel
t German media boss says he's scared of Google's dominance
m Half of American adults 40 to 75 eligible for cholesterol-lowering drugs
e Game of Thrones Purple Wedding: Watch TV and movie characters respond
t Google wants Android to be your wearable OS of choice
t Facebook rolls out new audio recognition feature
m Viagra, Cialis for Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy?
b A Few Reports To Watch Today
e 'Walking Dead' Dissection: Robert Kirkman, Scott M. Gimple Talk Terror at  ...
b Pinterest valued at $5B after fresh funding
b 30-Year Fixed Rate Loans Tick Downwards on Zillow Mortgage Marketplace
m Unhealthy Diets Can Be Curbed By Government Action, Says UN Expert: Why  ...
e Brian Williams, NBC newsman, 'raps' again in 'Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon  ...
b 'Dull oomph' might hold clue to MH370
e Lupita Nyong'o Manages to Make Losing Look Good
e VIDEO: See 'The Tonight Show' drum-off between Will Ferrell and Chad Smith
t Microsoft riding high on Office for iPad in India
m Following Abuses, Medicare Tightens Reins on Its Drug Program
e Katy Perry Sued By Christian Artists Over “Dark Horse”
m Morning Break: When Doctors and Patients Collide
b Rival's sweetened bid a good fit for Jos. A. Bank
t Tumblr Adds Two-Step Authentication to Ward Off Hackers
t Samsung Galaxy S5 fingerprint sensor can be fooled
b Russia slams UN resolution on Crimea secession
e Hilarious moment a six-year-old boy learns he's getting a third younger sister
b Apple to pay ex-Burberry boss Ahrendts $68m in shares
t State hit on Canada hacking
b Court dismisses suit accusing HP and ex-CEO Hurd of fraud
m Home News World Dr. Oz scolded by US senators over weight-loss...
e 'Rio 2' movie review
e Coachella 2014, Day 2: Muse Rocks Out, While Pharrell Gets By With a Little  ...
m Vibrating Capsule from Israel Helps in Constipation
e Shailene Woodley attends Fault in Our Stars screening in disguise
e Peaches Geldof's 'unexplained sudden death' being investigated by British police
e Gregg Allman Slaps 'Midnight Rider' Producers With Lawsuit
e Newspaper Apologizes to Clooney
b China-Vietnam incident "extremely serious": ASEAN chief
e Jennifer Lopez & Marc Anthony Finalize Divorce
e In pictures: Rolf Harris's entertainment career
t TAG Heuer Sales Director Joins Apple in Run-Up to iWatch Launch
b Charney looking to add to American Apparel stake (APP)
t Samsung Galaxy S5 glimmers on Sprint, T-Mobile in gold
t Report: Google is planning a health service
b Illinois 'Microbeads' Ban Came With Industry Cooperation
t Planets That Orbit Red-Dwarf Stars Face Extreme Space Weather
m CDC Admits Pattern of Lapses in Lab Safety
e 'DWTS' next for Purdy after Paralympic bronze
t Colder winters add to colony collapse
t Large Waves Recorded in Arctic Ocean for First Time
b Amazon s revenue increases even as spending rises
e Movie review: 'Transcendence'
e Peaches Geldof pronounced dead at home in Kent, death goes as unexplained
e Legendary actress passes away at 91-years-old
e Cold cash just keeps washing in from ALS ice bucket challenge; donations near  ...
b U.S. raises WTO during Kerry talks with Indian finance minister
e Keeping up with the Kardashians news series in production
m Mosquito spraying scheduled in Lebanon County
t The Apple and Samsung patent case continues
t What the IBM-Apple Deal Means for Banks
e N.Korea slams new Seth Rogen movie as 'act of war'
e 'True Detective' season 2 spoilers: Is Jessica Chastain really a possibility?
e 'Jupiter Ascending' Trailer: Mila Kunis Rules the Planet
t Larger displays, iOS 8, fitness tracking and more in Apple iPhone 6 rumour
e HBO Shows To Air On Amazon Prime
m Possible hepatitis A exposure at Nyack, NY, restaurant, health officials say
e The Incredibles 2 and "Cars 3" Are Officially In the Works
t Editorial: No toll booths on the Internet, ensure net neutrality
e McCartney recovering after virus halts tour
e RIP Paul Mazursky
m High cholesterol levels may be linked to infertility in both men and women
e Michelle Rodriguez Invited to Poppy Delevingne Wedding
t Greenhouse gas tracking satellite released after California rocket launch
m WATCH Sebelius Get a 'Page Missing Error' On Her Way Out of HHS
e Anna Kendrick Sings Her Way Through "Saturday Night Live"
b GM Recalls 1.5 Million More Vehicles -- Find Out If Your Car is One of Them
b Report: Amazon Attacking Hachette?
e Amazon Prime Music sneaks in with ad-free streaming and a focus on curation
t T. rex's 'pygmy' cousin discovered in Alaska
t BUSINESS BRIEFING Internet Congestion Found To Be Real and 'Very Serious'
b 10 things to know Wednesday
b Nikkei hits 3-wk high on US data, Renesas jumps on Apple report
t Buy a Samsung Galaxy S5 from Best Buy, get a $100 (or more!) gift card
m Smart Woman: Pelvic Exam
e 'Avengers' Sequel to Start Filming in Seoul This Month
e Jay Z and Kanye West feud heats up: Will the rappers ever be friends again?
b Genentech will pay up to $1.7 billion for rare acquisition
e Gal Gadot Hints At Batman vs. Superman Production
e Rapper Macklemore apologizes after he 'unintentionally' dressed up like Jewish  ...
t Ford celebrates Mustang's 50th anniversary
t Jury awards Apple $120 million in Samsung patent infringement case
e Series Debut of "The Night Shift" Scores NBC's Highest Rating for a Summer  ...
m 23-Year-Old Woman In A Coma After Undergoing Wisdom Teeth Removal
t Samsung adds two new anti-theft features to Galaxy S5
b WWE Superstar Power Rankings for 6/30/2014: Post-Money in the Bank Edition
b Ireland set to outperform the eurozone, says OECD
t Watch Dogs iOS 7, Android app release time
e Austin City Limits tickets, line up and Festival hints
m iPads, Other Devices May Cause Rashes
t International Space Station takes special Easter cargo from SpaceX ship
b The four big economic messages from Yellen's Congressional testimony
t Astronomers spot most Earth-like planet yet circling dwarf star 500 light-years away
e The Flaming Lips Team with Miley Cyrus For Beatles Cover
m 4 in 10 US homes skip the landline, only have cellphone
m Guinea declares 'health emergency' as Ebola death toll rises
t Arctic Warming Linked to Fewer Harsh Winters and Cold Weather Extremes in  ...
e Denzel Washington Gets Rough With Some Russians in the Trailer for 'The  ...
e New Bachelorette 2014,Episode 9 Spoilers Released
b Nearly 2M homeowners no longer 'seriously' underwater
b Stocks end slightly lower on China growth worries - WBOC-TV 16, Delmarvas  ...
b London's Uber app taxi protests: Here's what you need to know
t Meteor shower to light up Memorial Day weekend
t Does Google Inc (GOOG) have a New Smartwatch Partner?
m New HIV infections have fallen by over a third in a decade
b Gas prices will be higher this year for holiday travel
b Oil ends week with2 percent gain
m Bionic Pancreas Outperforms Insulin Pump
t Google shows off Android Auto, wearables at I/O event
e Adam Rifkin Chewing On Peeps
e A non-reader predicts 'Game of Thrones' season 4
t First Take: Nokia takes deepest cut in Microsoft layoffs
e Central Florida teen's resemblance to Elsa from 'Frozen' turning heads
t How Tesla Went From Near-Failure To Stunning Profitability In Just A Few Years
b They're kidding. Right? Another Extension?
e Photos: Cast of next 'Star Wars' film announced
t LG G3 vs Galaxy S5, Xperia Z2, HTC M8, LG G2, Nexus 5, Galaxy Note 3: Size  ...
b US: China's Currency 'Significantly Undervalued'
e HBO's 'The Leftovers' Raptures Premiere Clips and Photos
e McCartney recovering after virus halts tour
b Inflation Finally Arrives â€” at Least at the Wholesale Level
e Idina Menzel admits that John Travolta's Adele Dazeem Oscars flub threw her off  ...
t AT&T to Challenge Google, TWC in North Carolina With Fast Web
m Cheap Foods Linked to Obesity Epidemic
m Mojo - April 2014
e Mickey Rooney dies at the age of 93 after nine decades in show business
b John Kerry lands in India, to hold talks with Sushma Swaraj on Thursday
b Unemployment falls in 21 states
b Ravens' Eric DeCosta: 'I Knew This Would Be A Tough Season'
e Alabama's Dexter Roberts on 'American Idol': Top 10 performance recap, with  ...
b China urges Vietnam to crack down on riots‚ issues travel advisory
e Ken Loach and Mike Leigh go head-to-head at Cannes 2014
e Kim Kardashian Admits Fear Over Kanye West Wedding: But What Is It?
e Andy Warhol's Lost Amiga Computer Art Recovered After 30 Years
e UPDATE: The Kickstarter To Make Potato Salad Has Raised $37000 (And  ...
e Gary Oldman slams reality TV
b When dollars trump democracy in China
e NBC Upfront 2014-15: Fall 2014 Schedule; Week 33 TV Ratings and Analysis  ...
t The FCC is planning new net neutrality rules. And they could enshrine pay-for  ...
t We're all just lab rats in Facebook's laboratory
t California bill to deter smartphone thefts advances; mandates built-in shut-off  ...
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Smartphone Goes On Sale Today
m New York is No. 1 for women age 40 to 44 having first child: study
t Orbital, SpaceX execute successful space launches
t Why Apple (AAPL) Stock Is Up Today
e Jonah Hill Promotes 22 Jump Street & Apologizes For Homophobic Slur on Fallon
e Hilary Duff Premieres Music Video For New “Chasing The Sun” Single
b Fiat Chrysler's SUVs and Ram Pickups Power Big Sales Gains
e Harper Lee denies she cooperated with new biography
t A week in smartphones: Bendy devices and Android's alive
b Target sees sharp drop in profits after handling breach, firing CEO
e Best Mom's Day gift may be time with children
t Self-Driving Cars Get The Green Light In California
t NASA's moon-orbiting robot LADEE crashes down
e TOP 10 MOVIES AT THE WEEKEND BOX OFFICE
e Police use Instagram to identify burglary suspect
e 'Godfather' of house music Frankie Knuckles dead at 59
m Jenny McCarthy gets slammed for anti-vaccine crusade via Twitter
t First Android Wear smartwatches set to drop next quarter
b Tokyo investors to eye China, US, Japan data next week
e Brian Williams raps to 'Gin and Juice' on Jimmy Fallon's 'Tonight Show'
e 'Mad Men' midseason finale recap: One small step for man, one giant leap for  ...
t Microsoft Extends Windows 8.1 Update Deadline
t Pink dwarf planet
e Bradley Cooper's Ex-Wife Trashes Him in New Book
e Demi Lovato Covers Seventeen Magazine, Rocks Multicolored Hair (PHOTOS)
t Amazon joins Microsoft in opposing FCC's Internet fast lanes
b ECB Mersch: Comfortable With Conventional and Unconventional Measures
b Getting ready to get out for this weekend or next? Get a travel forecast here
b IMF says Eastern Europe risks new funding shock on tapering
e Morrissey cancels rest of US tour to recover from respiratory infection
e PHOTOS: Diane Sawyer through the years
b ECB's Noyer warns against deficit cuts, debt accumulation
t Skylanders Trap Team confirmed ahead of October 10 UK release
b Nikkei rises to fresh 6-mth high; Nissan jumps on strong results
e Kim-Kanye wedding: Jay-Z-Beyonce to get $2mn to perform?
t Facebook On Oculus Rift Might Look Like This
t Hubble Space Telescope sees galaxy spill its "guts" in space
b Toyota's Move To Texas From California Could Save Millions In Taxes For Its  ...
b Consumer Reports: Customers slam McDonald's, KFC, Taco Bell
m Event briefs: NAMI to hold mental health vigil
t Facebook's got 'Moves' for fitness tracking
e Lindsay Lohan sues over 'Grand Theft Auto V' Lacey Jonas character
t More about Dr Dre
e Pharrell and Chris Rock at BET Awards
t Obama should fire his FCC chairman
b Putin praises Gazprom, CNPC deal on Russian gas for China
t Failed Weapons Launch Causes Explosion on Kodiak
e Eminem apologises to mother in his new video 'Headlights'
b In brief: Probe into cause of NYC blast to start
e Ice Cube: Paul Walker Got My MTV Movie Award
m Archaeologists discover ancient case of metastatic cancer
b What shot down MH17? Soviet-built BUK surface-to-air missile launcher  ...
e Jack White Announces His New Album 'Lazaretto' To Be Released In The Uk On  ...
e REVIEW ROUND-UP: Action-Thriller BRICK MANSIONS Starring the Late Paul  ...
e American Idol: The top 11 is IN IT TO WIN IT
e 'Dancing With the Stars' Results Tonight 2014 VIDEO: Season 18 Week 8  ...
e 'Dancing with the Stars' Season 18 Recap: Week Five Performances (Disney  ...
m Woman Arrested After Smoking Meth Days Before Birth, Baby Tests Positive for  ...
e VIDEO: First Look - HBO Shares Final Trailer for GAME OF THRONES - Season 4
t VIDEO: Google Says Refrigerators, Everday Devices Will Have Ads
b Markets stumble on talk of surprise interest rate hike
e Rapper 'linked to Wu-Tang Clan chopped off his own penis before attempting to  ...
e 'The Hunger Games' cast win big at MTV Movie Awards
e Diego Luna made Cesar Chavez movie for his son
m Voodoo dolls prove it: Hunger makes couples turn on each other
e Casey Kasem still not buried
e Ben Affleck Casino Ban: Was Actor Card Counting?
e Injured on set ... Harrison Ford has been taken to hospital after being injured on  ...
e Oscar winner Russell Crowe jetting into Dublin this weekend for Noah premiere
m Head doctor at S. Leone Ebola clinic dies of virus
e PHOTOS: Kim and Kanye's sexy second honeymoon
t Facebook Announces New Feature To Identify And Share Music/TV/Movies
b Wall Street Stocks Rise on Retail Sales Increase
e Kelly Clarkson, Brandon Blackstock Celebrate Birth of Baby Girl
t // WWE Announces 700000 Subscribers to The WWE Network
b Impact Made By Missing Malaysian Airlines Flight May Have Been Recorded By  ...
m Tainted beef recalled for potential E. coli contamination
t GM Gets Big Sales Boost in May
t CNBC Anchor Accused of Outing Apple CEO, But Did He? (Video)
t Heartbleed Internet flaw was written by 'mistake' by a German programmer
b Bitcoin software update fixes transaction ID malleability bugs
t E3 2014: New 'Destiny' Gameplay Previews and Trailer
b Target CEO quits over data breach
e The Shortlist for May 20
e The Latest 'Mockingjay' Trailer Finally Features Katniss … For Five Seconds  ...
b Gold, silver edge higher ahead of US housing, confidence data
e Worth Your Pledge: Frat vs. family comedy Neighbors won't haze you
t Google Expanding 3D Technology With New Tablet
e How Long Does Sleeping Beauty Actually Sleep in 'Maleficent'? (And 24 Other  ...
b Reuters: The reality of Ukraine's conflict in a Donetsk morgue
b Market overview: US set for a strong start
b Victory lap for ACA
e Actor's son arrested for drug possession in WeHo
e Rob Kardashian Depressed? Before Kim's Wedding, Weight Gain And  ...
m Flu Vaccine Reduced Risk of ICU Admission for Children by 74 Percent says Study
m WHO-Deployed Healthcare Worker Receiving Care After Testing Positive for Ebola
t Google to showcase a new version of Android at I/O
t RUBIK'S CUBE INVENTION: Google celebrates toy puzzle's 40th anniversary  ...
e It's Official: Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Are Married
e Box-Office: It's No 'Hunger Games,' But 'Divergent' Kicks Off Its Sci-Fi YA  ...
t Iran court summons Mark Zuckerberg over privacy concerns
e '24: Live Another Day:' A review
t T-Mobile stock climbs on report of buyout offer
b S&P 500 ends at record high on housing, HP
t Twitter picks former Goldman executive as CFO
t GM offers loaner cars, cash to small-car owners
t Asteroids Have Struck Earth 26 Time In Past Decade, Many More Powerful Than  ...
b Chinese billionaire called 'con man' for deceiving New York's homeless
t Dropbox releases Mailbox and Carousal apps in Google Play
e Sherlock Spoilers: Major announcement due at 2.21pm today – Is it about  ...
b MH17 Admissions of safety failure by Malaysia Airlines?
e Zara on Apology Tour over 'Concentration Camp' Kids Shirt
b Asian manufacturing picks up
e Cinco de Mayo Festival celebrates heritage with music
b UPDATE 3-Sikorsky, Lockheed win $1.28 bln US helicopter deal
e VIDEO: Un-bear-ably cute! Touching moment lost cub is found by his mother
e Coachella 2014: Jared Leto, Leonardo DiCaprio hit the party circuit
e Arcade Fire's 'We Exist' Depicts Andrew Garfield Struggling with Gender Identity
b Have a private student loan? Read this
b China and Japan Factory Output Edges Up, Shows PMI
e The Only Thing Worse Than Juan Pablo Is A Chubby 'Bachelor!'
b World stocks slump on Wall Street's decline, unease over Iraq violence | The  ...
e Michael Jackson Album 'Xscape' To Be Released In May, With Eight Brand New  ...
e 'Guardians of the Galaxy' doesn't take itself too seriously, but jokes sometimes  ...
e 'Fifty Shades of Grey' Trailer Released: Receives Negative Feedback from  ...
t 800 Million iTunes Accounts … And Then What?
e Music Video Of The Day: GWAR 'Carry On Wayward Son'
t Astronomers discover Earth-sized planet in habitable zone
e North Korea threatens 'war' over US movie
e Mila Kunis Turns Movie-Making Into Therapy
e After Crew Member's Death, Director And Producers Of "Midnight Rider" Face  ...
t 'Viral' game 2048 is being lauded as an impressive hit, but it's a blatant ripoff of  ...
t Samsung Galaxy S5 smartphone review
e Newspaper's hilarious Kimye wedding announcement
e The "Orange Is The New Black" Season 2 Trailer Is Here!
e Jon Hamm Isn't Surprised He Lost That '90s Dating Show
e CANNES: Un Certain Regard Winner 'White God' Sells to Multiple Territories  ...
e Alcohol Lovers Celebrate as Powdered Alcohol 'Palcohol' Is Approved for Sale  ...
t Several U.S. States Now Investigating Ebay Cyberattack
b Oil prices climb on Iraq tensions, gold steadies
e Welcome to Miley Cyrus 101
e Watch Neil Patrick Harris and Jason Segel sing a 'Les Miz' duet
b US: BMW to launch X7 Range Rover rival
m New surgical robot gets FDA nod for marketing in US
m MannKind Corporation (MNKD): Analysts Placing Bets Ahead Of FDA Ruling
e 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' trailer: 'Heroes are created'
b What a Beats purchase would tell us about Apple
t Google rejected by Supreme Court on street view privacy suit
t PS4 Update Will Let You Edit Gameplay Videos
b UPDATE 1-Twitter hopes service restored soon in Turkey
e 'Amazing Spider-Man 2' Director Addresses Concerns Over the Number of Villains
e Procession teaches lessons of Jesus' life
e A&E Orders a Third Season of Bates Motel
e Frank Darabont To Direct 'Snow White And The Huntsman 2,' Kristen Stewart  ...
b Boeing to assemble 787-10 in South Carolina
e African wildlife-hunting cheerleader Kendall Jones targeted by critics
e Shia LaBeouf released from custody
e Pics! Emma Watson Through the Years
e Bobby Womack dies aged 70
b Homebuilders' outlook brightens
e Kim 'pierced daughter's ears at home'
e Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez post loved up snap all but confirming they're  ...
e North Korea slams U.S. movie on leader assassination plot; Un calls it 'act of war'
t Call of Duty: Ghosts - Bringing MW3's Dome to Next-Gen
e How Kim Kardashian got in shape for her wedding
e Keira makes singing debut
e L'Wren Scott's sister blasts Mick Jagger for dating 27-year-old ballerina Melanie  ...
e Game of Thrones: Peter Dinklage reveals how spoilers are kept off the internet  ...
b Credit Suisse Pleads Guilty In Tax Probe, Fined $2.6B
b In Yellen We Trust: That's the Bond Mantra as Inflation Is Dismissed
e OMG! Kim Kardashian and Kanye West slurp ice cream cones in Paris as Kanye  ...
b Boeing Cash Register Rings Again, Sending Shares Higher
t Google Adds Pokemon To Google Maps (No, Really!) [Video]
e Trending: Stephen Colbert and late night's game of thrones
b Implementation of gas contract with China to begin on May 22 - President Putin
b Doubts emerge over China-Russia gas deal
e As CBS Late-Night Overhaul Continues, Is a Female Host in the Cards?
e Kanye West: 'People didn't understand mine and Kim Kardashian's interracial  ...
e Miley Cyrus Hugs and Cradles Little Girl Suffering From Cancer: Will She Meet  ...
b WWE Stock Takes A Huge Bodyslam
e Mila Kunis' No-Nonsense Birth Plan Is Just The Best
e Megan Fox Admits She Doesn't Have 'Ton Of Female Friends'
b Disney 2Q earnings beat Street, helped by 'Frozen'
t Windows XP isn't dead: It just got more dangerous
e 'Dancing with the Stars' Introduces New Voting System, Maks Chmerkovskiy  ...
e N Korea complains to UN about film
t Apple Spent Years Designing iPhone for 'Normal People'
e Drew Barrymore's half-sister, Jessica Barrymore, found dead in suspected  ...
e Tributes pour in for 'beloved' Peaches Geldof
e The Flaming Lips are recording a Sgt. Pepper's covers album
b Can the Cloud Really Save IBM? It Might.
e DA Extends Condolences On the Passing of Nadine Gordimer
t The FCC Appears to be Letting 'Net Neutrality' Die. Here's Why That Matters.
b Wells Fargo profit beats estimates, sets aside less for bad loans
b Why Oil Keeps Biting Bears
t Google starts removing personal data to comply with EU law
e Christian seders OK by me
t The PS4 Has Sold Through More Than 7 Million Units Worldwide
t WSJ: Google's YouTube Division Close To Acquiring Twitch.tv For More Than $1  ...
b Overnight Markets: Wall Street rises on corporate deals
t Nexus 10 2 - Possible Specifications and Price
m Ebola outbreak sparks health tests
e George Lucas' Museum Of Narrative Art To Be Built In Chicago
t Yahoo to debut YouTube rival this summer: AdAge
b 'US faces huge climate change bill'
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Mini Rumored For July Release
e 'Batman V Superman: Dawn of Justice' Now Filming, Logo Revealed
e Outkast Celebrate 20 Years Of Hits At Coachella 2014 [VIDEO]
m Spread of polio still an international public health emergency
b Alibaba IPO - 5 Things You Need to Know About Wall Street's Hottest Tech IPO
t Ireland set to escape Microsoft job cuts
b Purcell: Longing for tax freedom
b Bean worried that sterling's rise puts exporters at risk
e What can we expect from Game Of Thrones season 5?
e Does 'Game Of Thrones' Have A Misogyny Problem?
b New £1 coin designed to beat fakers
e Edge Of Tomorrow Has Already Grossed $20 Million Overseas
t Dell, Microsoft sign Android cross-license patent deal
b UBS says books 254 million euros against second quarter to settle one German  ...
b Putin: Russian army pullout intended to create "favorable" conditions for  ...
t With G Pro 2 Phablet, LG Knocks on Samsung's Door
t UK data protection regulators dig into Facebook's emotional manipulation of  ...
e Little word carries way too much weight
e Jennifer Lawrence Reveals the Funny Way She Handles Dating Rumors!
e Kristen Bell on Her 'Veronica Mars' Homecoming, Tasering the Paparazzi, and  ...
b China's oil drilling over South China Sea escalates tensions with Vietnam
m Men with prostate cancer 'falsely' told it is not aggressive
e Lupita Nyong'o 'Flattered' After Being Named People Magazine's Most Beautiful
e How Robin Thicke's Twitter session went wrong
e Ariana Grande, Jessie J and Nicki Minaj announce new collaboration 'Bang Bang'
b Initial Jobless Claims Came in Lower-than-Expected at 304K Last Week
b Dow, S&P 500 edge to records
e Lena Dunham to 'Girls'ify Archie Comics
e Tupac's Last Words Were “Fuck You,” Says Vegas Cop
b EURO to USD Exchange Rate Struggling, EUR/GBP Also Falls
m Side effects of childhood vaccines are extremely rare, new study finds
b Emerging markets still haunted by the Fed
e MTV Movie Awards Red Carpet: Emma Watson, Mila Kunis and Three Other  ...
m Major ground beef recall
e Obamas write DJ Knuckles' family
b Why the Alibaba IPO could be a very big deal for the Tech Industry
e Burn! Can Someone Please Give Miranda Lambert A High Five? She Just Got  ...
e 'The Voice' Season 6: Adam Levine Goes Platinum, Christina Grimmie  ...
e Get X-cited. New X-Men Days of Future Past trailer hits net
t State to notify 1.3 million people of hacking incident on health department  ...
m Community Rallies to Light It Up Blue for Autism Awareness
t Netflix shares fall on potential Apple competition
t LG G3 review | First Impressions
t Facebook revamps privacy policy, practices
m Football legend Jim Kelly's oral cancer is 'aggressive' and 'starting to spread'
b Home Depot Q1 profit up 12.5% to $1.4 billion
e Walter White Helps Kid Get Date to Prom
b Pilot Fying J Avoids Ruin, but Do the Haslams?
e How I Met Your Mother Season 9 Finale: Where to Watch Live Stream Online
t Sprint hit with largest-ever 'Do Not Call' fine – $7.5 million
t Google Upgrades Glass, But Not to Current Owners
e 'Wolf of Wall Street' Leonard DiCaprio And Girlfriend Toni Garnn Dating; Denies  ...
b Putin: Russian army pullout intended to create "favourable" conditions for  ...
t Googling down memory lane
e What is Holy Week?
b China official PMI hits six-month high in June
t 'Blood Moon' the First of Many to Come
e 'Transformers' turns into No. 1 movie with $100M opening
b Kansas Unemployment Rate Up Slightly In February
e Jackson hologram debuts at Billboard Music Awards
t Sony wanted Titanfall developer Respawn to work on Vita
b It's party time as college campus floods in Today in Pictures
e Holy hero party! Batman's in town
b Two more charged with manslaughter in Turkey mine disaster
e Rolf Harris trial: TV star 'told 13-year-old girl in bikini: You've got a great body'
b The Odds Are Never In Our Favor
t NASA seeks help to save Earth from killer asteroids
t iOS 8: 8 things you need to know about Apple's new iPhone and iPad OS
e Full House's Dave Coulier Ties the Knot
e Kim Kardashian's family have started landing in Paris ahead of her wedding to  ...
t SpaceX shapes up for Texas blast-offs
t New York Preview: Aston Martin Vantage GT
e Read President Obama's Condolences to Frankie Knuckles' Friends and Family
t Coming up at 4 pm EDT — it's the Android Central Podcast!
e Tori Spelling Finally Gets Her Voice Back And Can Be Honest
e Watch: Brad Pitt getting punched at Angeline Jolie's film Maleficent's premiere in  ...
t Apple iPod touch available in India with price cut and new colour option
e Fargo: "The Crocodile's Dilemma" Review
e Frankie Knuckles dead; house godfather dead at 59
t Elon Musk Announces Successful SpaceX Soft-Landing
b P&G Profit Tops Estimates on Cost Reductions, Razor Sales
m California Glove Law Repealed by State Legislature
e Tony Nominations 1
b What Is Alibaba? Meet The Chinese Company Poised To Make The Largest IPO  ...
e Cannes: Ryan Gosling Takes a Stab at Directing (and Stabs Eva Mendes) With  ...
e Teen Porn Star Belle Knox Will Return to College Despite Threats
e Idina Menzel opens on Broadway in musical 'If/Then'
t Reality check: 7 virtual reality experiences at E3 2014
b Election Commission allows RBI to issue new bank licences
m Guinea: Mobilisation against an unprecedented Ebola epidemic
t The plan to add 'Kill Switches' to Smartphones is now agreed by Wireless  ...
e Angelina Jolie Was "Nutso" Prepping For Maleficent, Would "Scream at Bushes  ...
e Sabotage
e Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez Hang Out at Coachella
e Photo Coverage: Inside THE CRIPPLE OF INISHMAAN's Opening Night Curtain  ...
t Google agrees contact lens deal
b Swiss lawmakers pile pressure on Credit Suisse boss Dougan
e British-born gunman 'convinced US authorities he was no threat'
b Aussie Retreats After Australia PPI, China PMI
t Reporter Gets Google Glass Snatched From His Face
t Google's Chromecast Adds Vudu & Crackle
t Aaron Swartz's story inspires and infuriates in 'The Internet's Own Boy'
t Microsoft To Slash Jobs To Integrate Nokia Unit
t iOS and Mac users in Australia locked out of their devices via "Find my iPhone  ...
b REUTERS/Mike Stone
m Food handlers responsible for food poisoning
b Odds of Getting Audited by the IRS Lowest in Years
b Ronald McDonald gets new outfit, takes on Twitter. Still creepy?
e 'Ghostbusters 3' Is A Go, So Who They Gonna Call?
b Bouygues Boosts Offer For Vivendi's SFR Unit By EUR 1 Bln
t Toyota May Pay $1 Billion To End 4-Year Criminal Investigation: Report
b TrueCar CEO Hopes IPO is Pit Stop On Road to Becoming Big Brand
e Adele Goes Makeup-Free, Teases New Album
t Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 mass production beginning, 808/810 to be formally  ...
b Apple Confirms Acquiring Beats For $3 Billion Jimmy Iovine & Dr. Dre Both  ...
b This Week in Logistics News (March 22 – 28)
e 'Game of Thrones' Season 4: Sophie Turner calls Petyr Baelish 'a bit of a pedo'
m Scientists transplant gene into pigs' hearts to create biological pacemaker, no  ...
e The Voice USA 2014 Spoilers: Christina Grimmie vs Sam Behymer (VIDEO)
b UK inflation eases to 1.6pc in March
t Demanding Texters Want To Know: Why Isn't There A Hot Dog Emoji?
m Yawning helps cool your brain
t Nintendo explains why you won't play Mario on your iPhone anytime soon
e Captain America: The Winter Soldier -- The Past Keeps Coming Out of the Freezer
e Iowa farmer Chris Soules is ABC's next 'Bachelor'
e Sum 41's Deryck Whibley Hospitalized for Excessive Drinking
b Jeff Bezos' Drone Plans Are Bigger Than Anyone Imagined
e Seth Rogen Mocks James Franco on "SNL"
e Updated: Monday, April 7 2014, 07:02 AM EDT
b US Trade-Case Win Against China Contributes to Tensions
m Faith based organizations critical of ALS Association's research
e Coachella reveals 2014 webcast schedule
t FT: Comcast And Time Warner In Talks To Sell 3 Mln Subscribers To Charter
t Xbox One is a Directionless Mess: The Brief History of Xbox One And The  ...
e From Twerking To Tears, Miley Cyrus' Mature VMA Moment Proves She's All  ...
t Climate change to hit Emperor penguin population
t Hackers Hit eBay Database Containing Personal Info
e This Is What Happens When Beastie Boys Go to Court
e Transformers 4 Age of Extinction - Interview With Jack Reynor & Nicola Peltz  ...
b Greece to get next bailout loan in 3 parts
m MERS virus has spread, but 2nd man not sick
e 'True Blood' Season 7 Episode 2 Recap: Dream Lover
b Insider's guide to Tim Hortons if it goes global
e Maybe they're not officially "dating" - but Michelle Rodriguez and Cara  ...
b U.S. homebuilding rises in March as construction firms shake off brutal winter
t Facebook launches FB Newswire service to woo journalists and news tweeters
e Seth MacFarlane pledges up to $1 million for 'Reading Rainbow'
t Ford recall involves 692000 Escapes, C-Max hybrids
b Feds will ration highway funding to states starting in August
t Giant 'Chicken-Like' Raptor is being found by researchers
e Katie Couric got married
b TIB lauds post-Rana Plaza efforts
m Ohio mumps outbreak tops 200 cases
e David Arquette Is Engaged To Reporter Girlfriend Christina McLarty
t Documentary Crew Solves Mystery Around 'Worst Video Game Ever Made'
e The origins of Easter celebration
b Mortgage Rates for 30-Year Loans Slip for Straight Third Week
t Avast forums forced offline by wee...
b Today's Hot Stocks: Hillshire Brands Co (NYSE:HSH), InterDigital, Inc. (NASDAQ  ...
t Privacy group to FTC: Facebook 'purposefully messed with people's minds'
b Mergers help market eke out gain
b Global shares slip, euro gains as ECB seen poised to act
t Researchers discover lost species of nightsnake in Mexico
m 89-year old did not die from MERS-CoV
t OnePlus Moves To A Faster Snapdragon 801 For Its Upcoming Smartphone
e Shocking Video Shows Justin Bieber Using the N-Word (VIDEO)
t Happy 10th Birthday, Gmail!
e 'Transcendence' is a mind-bender with an A-list lead
e Chris Christie tries to move past scandal with comedy
e Angelina Jolie opens up in rare interview about Brad, babies, and her rebellious  ...
b Study links disposing of wastewater to Oklahoma earthquakes
t Here are leaked photos of the 3D capable Amazon smartphone
t Here's how Facebook's new click-bait strategy could affect your News Feed
e 5 essential 'X-Men' stories you need to read after seeing 'Days of Future Past'
e Weekend Cocktail: The Barton Special
t 11 reasons to fear autonomous cars
t 'Cheap' iPhone 5C 8 GB Coming Soon
b Pfizer defends plan to acquire AstraZeneca
t Facebook buying Oculus for $2B
e RIP Frankie Knuckles (1955-2014)
b Euro Forecast Bullish versus the Japanese Yen
m Motorhead fan's brain bleeds from headbanging
b GM will rework or replace keys on 3.16 million US cars
b China May Have 1000 Tonnes of Gold Tied in Financing - WGC
m Married People 5 Percent Less Likely To Suffer Heart Disease
e Star Wars legends to return when filming gets underway
e A 'Full House' Revival Might Be Happening!
e Meryl Davis, Maks and 'DWTS' storm 'Good Morning America'
b Netflix Set To Raise Prices After Good First Quarter As DVD Service Dies
b Fed still fuzzy on timing of first rate increase
b Oil company blamed for toxic water in China
e 'SpongeBob SquarePants: Sponge Out Of Water' Trailer Brings Everyone's  ...
e What Kate Middleton Pregnancy Rumors? Duchess Makes Appearance With  ...
b Pinterest Launches First Paid Ads With Kraft, Gap and Others
b Boost for Hong Kong racing
e Why Shailene Woodley Deleted Her "Disgusting" Instagram Account
e 'Child of God' movie review: James Franco unleashes a monster
t Facebook to E-Money Attempt Could Challenge Retail Banks; Lessons From  ...
t Cantillon: Facebook game for some virtual reality
e Ice Cube bent out of shape over losing a meaningless award to a dead Paul  ...
m The top position in the disability table is Back pain
b AAA: 2nd busiest Memorial Day since 2005
e 5 Things to Know About Doctor Strange
b Economy, hiring improves, but flat wage growth dampens cheer
t Proposed US rules leave open Internet fast lanes
b General Electric's Revenue and Profit Fall After NBCUniversal Sale
e New series draws viewer in with fresh ideas, Halle Berry
m Water Births Not Safe Enough to Recommend, Say Pediatric Experts
b Target battles weather and data breach fallout in 1Q
e Katie Hopkins admits she 'tried crying once' and then rants about Chris Martin  ...
t Pew poll: Drones have a bad reputation
t US Internet companies demand net neutrality
b Assemblymember Muratsuchi Disappointed with Toyota's Announcement to  ...
m Liquid nicotine for e-cigarettes pilfering notable brand names like Thin Mint  ...
b Possible Mastercard Breach at DMV
b Korean stock market lags behind Asian peers: data
t Google's YouTube reportedly buying Twitch in $1 billion takeover deal
e Jones, Godard, Cronenberg in competition at Cannes
b July 16: California Imposes Fines for Wasting Water During Drought
e Mostly great, 'The Leftovers' fascinates, depresses and confuses
t Report - Pikes Peak rider airlifted to Hospital
b Apple 'in talks' to buy Beats for $3.2bn
e Blonde or not: Kim Kardashian's hair-raising prank
t Apple 1
e Sarah Hyland Dons An '80s Power Suit On The Billboard Music Awards Red  ...
t Android coming to TVs and standalone ''streaming boxes''
b Stock Rally: Will Third Time Be A Charm For Dow?
b Italy's Eni signs deal with Gazprom
b Mountain of dirt suspected in bridge closure
e Jennifer Lopez shows off fabulous figure in an elaborate sequined pencil dress  ...
t Recall for Explosive Takata Airbags Reaches 10.5 Million Cars
e Alexa Ray Joel collapses on cabaret stage
m Study: A 5-minute run can help prevent heart disease
e The other B-word
b Stock futures hold gains after housing data
e Sofia Vergara reported to be Manganiello's 'dream girl'
t Computer outage on ISS may require spacewalk
b Will markets run with the bulls or take a dovish dive?
b 5 Stocks to Sell in June
b IBM's 1st-quarter earnings hurt by reorganization charge; revenue slips amid  ...
m Hurricane Katrina could have been responsible for half of all stillbirths in New  ...
b Mitsubishi shares slip after Alstom joint bid
t Instagram shows steady growth with nearly 200mn active users
e Glee fans left very confused after Chris Colfer's Twitter account is hacked to  ...
b Pfizer's Read says AstraZeneca deal will meet scientific needs
t Facebook to collect more user data, but offer more control over ads
b Stocks Move Mostly Higher, Lifting S&P 500 To Record High - US Commentary
b Dollar Tree purchases Family Dollar for $8.5 billion; Changes to local stores  ...
b Blackberry beats expectations in Q1 2015 earnings report
e Harry Potter is married and going gray in new Rowling writing
m Scientists Discover New Way to Control Dreams
t Samsung Galaxy S5 will be upgraded as Galaxy S5 Prime
e Zac Efron Parties on Tables in Italy!
e Dozens of Concertgoers Hospitalized During Avicii Concert in Boston — What  ...
b World's most valuable brands named: Apple falls from top of the tree
b Stocks: Dow ready for another record?
t eBay's Turn as Hacker Target
e Kim Kardashian's blonde hair: was it all a prank?
b AbbVie Inc, Shire Plc Seal The Deal For $54 Billion
e Saturday Night Live Fires Two More Featured Players
t Yahoo Polishes The Flickr App With 30 - Second HD Recording & Auto-Sync
m FDA preps plan to cut salt
t 'Burger King Baby' Reunited With Biological Mom After Facebook Post
t If You Want Elon Musk's Attention, Then Run a Random Newspaper Ad
t Audi to indroduce Apple CarPlay into North America by 2016
t Apple unveils updated operating system called OS X Yosemite
e L'Wren Scott laid to rest
t Indian origin Rajeev Suri to be announced Nokia CEO on Tuesday
b Daily Report: Dollar Extends Rebound as Retail Sales Beat Forecasts
t What Windows XP Users Need to Know About the End of Support
e Shia LaBeouf being treated for alcoholism but not in rehab
e 'Jem And The Holograms' First Promo Image & Lead Cast Announced
e Prosecutors charge 'Shield' actor Michael Jace with murder
e Film review: 'Neighbors' is a high-concept failure
e 'Star Wars 7' Casting News, Rumors: 'Episode VII' is filming now, J.J. Abrams  ...
b The Bottom Line: Last Minute Tax Tips
e Mila Kunis using Channing Tatum to hide her baby bump?
e Director Richard Donner wants the entire cast back for round two.
t Microsoft changes policy: won't read your Hotmail anymore to track down  ...
m Number of Americans with Diabetes Tripled in 20 Years, CDC Says
t Apple and IBM Bury the Hammer
b Toyota's California Texas Two-Step's Tax Savings For Employees Too
e Sutherland 'Petrified' Over Playing Bauer Again
t What to do when your refrigerator starts advertising
t Amateur radio operators hold weekend Field Day in Warner Robins
m 3 Indiana counties ranked as state's healthiest
b Airbnb looking at $10 billion valuation in latest fund-raising round
e Find Out Why Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Can't Get Married Yet
b Why American Airlines Group (AAL) Stock Is Gaining This Morning
m Ten portions of fruit and veg a day - are they having a laugh?
b Virgin America files for initial public offering, size and timing still to be  ...
e 'Believe,' 'Crisis' and 'Growing Up Fisher' Cancelled by NBC
e This Photo Of Justin Bieber As James Dean Is Ironic For Reasons He Probably  ...
b Red Lobster sold for $2.1 billion; Darden to refocus on Olive Garden
t Xirrus Positioned in the 'Visionaries' Quadrant of the Gartner Magic Quadrant for  ...
t Starbucks wireless charging may not be such a great tech brew
b Texas To Get Toyota Jobs At Expense Of NY, California
m New sniff study reveals humans can detect more than 1 trillion scents
e Jenelle Evans' Mom Takes Over Kim Kardashian's 'Vogue' Cover & OMG  ...
e 'Star Trek' actor Chris Pine fined $79 for drunken driving; Calif. copter rescues  ...
e Sunday Events
b California Drought Losses Half of Estimate on Groundwater
e Chelsea Handler talk show 'Chelsea Lately' to end after 8 years (Poll)
e Kim Kardashian Photoshop Fail: What Happened to Her Arm?!
t Japanese automakers recall 3 mn vehicles for airbag defect
b West Coast Port Talks to Extend Past June 30 Contract Expiration
m Gays, lesbians more likely to abuse alcohol, smoke
e It's Morphin' Time! Mighty Morphin Power Rangers Live Action Movie Announced
e SiriusXM Fires 'Opie and Anthony' Host Over Racist Comments
e Steve Jobs biopic Leonardo Dicaprio male lead possibility
e Rock and Roll Hall of Fame singer Bobby Womack dies at 70
t Microsoft's Surface Pro 3 has 'severely limited repairability', says iFixit
m Intuitive Surgical Gains After FDA Approves New Robot Device (2)
e Jennifer Lawrence deliberately ignores her boyfriend Nicholas Hoult. See, she is  ...
b Yellen to put Fed's new leadership on display
b San Francisco firm defends Hong Kong vote from online attack
b Southwest, AA Executives Say Prospects Good for Carriers
e Yahoo Keeps 'Community' Show Alive After NBC Run Ends
b Billion-Dollar Lawsuit Against Actos Resumes Today
m Hummus recall at Target, Trader Joe's
b KODIAK OIL & GAS ALERT: Johnson & Weaver Investigating the Proposed Sale  ...
e Judge orders Casey Kasem's wife to allow doctors to evaluate her husband and  ...
b Exchange finds 200000 bitcoins in digital wallet
e 'American Idol' Top 2 finalists Jena Irene and Caleb Johnson are still going to  ...
b VIDEO: Pfizer Drops Pursuit Of AstraZeneca
e Jay Z and Beyonce team up for summer tour - report
t Legislators call proposed net neutrality rules “unnecessary”
b US home construction fell 6.5 pct in May
e Blond Ambition! Adam Levine Shows Off Bleached Hairdo
b General Motors announces new recall of 2.4 million vehicles in US
m Raised Cholesterol Levels Delays Pregnancy; Study
t Nexus 6 rumored specs, features and global availability
b No decision yet on new bank licences by RBI: EC
e Orange is the New Black: watch the new trailer for season two
b After near-miss, FAA changes Newark procedures - NBC40.net
t On the 25th anniversary of the web, let's keep it free and open
b Yahoo stock surges on Alibaba anticipation
b Bummer: Stocks retreat from record highs
m Senate Democrats Consider Defunding Raids Of Legal Medical Marijuana  ...
t GM to dealerships: Stop selling certain Chevy Cruze sedans
b 'Like' Cheerios? You just signed away your right to sue General Mills
t NASA's Kepler discovers Earth-sized world in a star's habitable zone
m 2 cases of mosquito virus contracted in US
b Idaho's population shift from rural to urban areas slowed in 2013
e Ray J's wedding gift for Kim: Publicity stunt or bitter ex being ugly?
t Apple iPhone Increases US Smartphone Market Share
t Tesla Motors, Inc. Stock Continues Its Climb -- Here's What You Need to Know
e Neil Young's PonoPlayer to hit Kickstarter in March
t Facebook, WhatsApp warned against privacy violations post acquisition
b Dow Chemical sees sixth quarter of earnings growth
t Things Get Super-Awkward When CNBC Discusses Whether Tim Cook Is Gay
e 9/11 Memorial opens with OKC bond
b Plane spots objects in new search area for Malaysia jet
t Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini vs Sony Xperia C – The Ideal Companion to your  ...
b Taco Bell Is Testing an 'American Inspired' Taco Shop
m Ebola detected among Guinea fever victims, government says more than 50 dead
e Jack White records song, releases it on vinyl in hours
m Newswire : West African Ebola outbreak is deadliest on record
e Kate Winslet explains son's unique name on 'Ellen'
e 'Guardians of the Galaxy': The Characters' Comic Book Origins Explained
e Lindsay Lohan sues makers of 'Grand Theft Auto V' video game
b Airbnb seeking funding at reported $10B valuation
b Toyota to settle with US Justice Department over car safety problems
e 'I Wanna Marry Harry' premiere: Rose stands out, as one girl goes home
m Ebola Death Toll Rises in Rare West African Outbreak
b McDonald's In The Frying Pan
e Watch Erykah Badu Try to Steal a Kiss on the NYC News
b Bill Ackman Enters Attack Mode In Valeant-Allergan Takeover Fight
t Apple's Latest Recycling Program Offers Cash For Devices
b US anti-dumping measures on Chinese products inconsistent with WTO rules  ...
t Dating website OkCupid admits it experiments on its users
e 'Animal House' meets 'Hangover' in 'Neighbors'
t Windows Phone 8.1 update rolls out today, with early access to Cortana for  ...
t Apple's larger iPhones said to start production in July
b Google plans to offer Amazon Prime-style membership, extend Express  ...
t What you need to know about net neutrality
t Google is now offering trips down memory lane on its digital maps.
t First impressions: Microsoft Office for iPad
t General Electric Creates Apollo-Inspired Sneakers
m Here's Some Exciting News About Breast Cancer Prevention
m Largest study in the world to see whether mobile phones affect teenage brains
e five most lavish celeb weddings
e Hilary Duff, Mike Comrie Back Together? Why We Want Luca's Parents To  ...
b Reynolds American Profit Rises 6.7% on Higher Pricing
t Bigfoot hair samples mostly from bears, wolves
e Stores celebrate 7th annual Record Store Day
e Millionaire actor Rob Pattinson confesses he's homeless after being kicked out  ...
e Andrew Garfield Chased Down Like Kiefer Sutherland's Jack Bauer by SNL's  ...
b American Airlines CEO is optimistic
b California DMV Investigates Possible Credit Card Data Breach
m The Reason We Need Vaccines Is Being Proven in Columbus, Ohio
e Game of Thrones Mixtape Featuring Big Boi, Wale & Common Streaming
b Draghi highlights credit constraints and risk of disinflationary expectations taking  ...
b EPA's Gina McCarthy: The liberal Obama never became
e Charlie Sheen blasts Rihanna with epic Twitter rant
e Lady Gaga and Tony Bennett's First Weird Jazz Video Is Here
t Astronomers Find Earth-Like Planet in a Two-Sun System
b EU, ECB set to rule on Lithuania's 2015 euro accession
b US economy expands at robust 4% rate in spring
e Mick Jagger slammed by L'Wren Scott's sister for 'grotesquely disrespectful' antics
b Google dethrones Apple as world's most valuable brand
e Talk host Michael Strahan expected to join ABC's 'Good Morning America'
e Ducky Dynasty's Phil Robertson Still Speaking Against Homosexuality
e George Clooney Defends His Engagement With Shockingly Frank Words
t Experiment proves mammals came from the ocean
e Topeka students, parents don't want Michelle Obama at high school graduation
b UPDATE 1-HTC's profit surge slightly beats forecasts
e Remembering Farley Mowat: Tributes to the famed author
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye keep hidden behind matching scarves in Paris
t Best Nokia Lumia budget Windows Phone price deals July 2014
t Google Announces Songza Acquisition
t Microsoft execs read private Hotmail account
t Suzuki recalls 180000 GM-made cars
b The States Where Obamacare Could Still Go Badly
e News briefs from around Tennessee at 1:58 am EDT
t Heartbleed Bug: Good Time to Change Passwords
b US Close: Stocks mixed after Fed talks up economy
b King Digital +2.6% on bullish underwriter coverage
t Despite showers, air pollution stays dangerously high in Gurgaon
b Toyota may settle US criminal probe for $1.2 billion
e Remembering Maya Angelou
e Joe Manganiello and Sofia Vergara are Dating!
m Nurses, others rally for single-payer system of Medicare
t Rollout Details on Android 4.4.3 KitKat for Samsung Galaxy S5, Galaxy S4  ...
b Adobe Lightroom Mobile Review
b Posted by Muhammad Iqbal
e Keeping up with the Kardashians - Kim K Wedding 2014, Venue Decisions in Paris
b The funds that will benefit from the ECB's rate cut
e Lindsay Lohan reveals she had miscarriage in reality show finale
m Psychological Factors Turn Young Adults Away From HIV Intervention Counseling
e Biz Bits: Five tips to make the benefits of working from home work for you
m Rare 'mono mono' twin baby girls hold hands immediately after birth
e Stephen Moyer: Anna needs fun sex scenes
m Ebola deaths in Guinea at 70; Senegal closes border
e Marvel Comics news: the new Thor, "Big Hero 6" trailer, and "The Logan Legacy"
b US Supreme Court turns down Teva's bid to block Mylan's generic Copaxone
b Chip Stocks To Watch: Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC), ARM Holdings  ...
e 'Gatecrasher' at Cannes premiere
b Court Denies Bid To Keep Recalled GM Cars Off Road
b U.S. Home Prices Rise More Than Expected In March
e 'Lazeretto' proof of Jack White's brilliance
b National Bank of Greece Said to Plan EU2.1 Billion Capital Boost
t Microsoft's Nadella outlines vision in 'post-post-PC era'
e 'Tiger Wood's Unlikely Pair': Ex-Wife Initiated Close Friendship With Wood's  ...
e Royal commentators condemn 'tasteless' picture of Kate
m Autism may begin with fetal brain flaws, researchers suggest
t The Morning Rundown: Prosecutors reportedly building fraud case against GM
e Bobby Womack, R&B singer with brave second act, dies at age 70
t Starbucks to Offer Ultimate Recharge
e Mariah Carey
e Daily Meditation: Maundy Thursday
b Hertz's Rental Equipment Business to Become Own Company
m Alzheimer's on the decline in US, Germany
b Sun Pharma up 5%, Ranbaxy falls 3% post $3.2 bn deal
e Faithful to relive Christ's journey to the cross, ending with Easter
t Facebook Has "No Plans" to Rebrand Oculus Rift
t Google's Nest Adds New Smart Home Piece With Dropcam
e Amazon Prime Music: One Million Songs, Free For Prime Subscribers
e Meditative 'Transcendence' Also Artificially Intelligent
e Angelina Jolie, Homeland Star Damian Lewis and Stephen Sutton Recognised  ...
e Lana Del Rey's Silly Death Wish
t Orange Sky Predicted When Mars, Earth, Sun Align Tonight
m US autism estimates jump
m Ground Beef Recall in 10 States
t NASA Tests Saucer-Shaped Craft for Mars Mission
e Walking Dead season 5 premiere date [AMC]: Episode 1 release date October  ...
e Potter fans can see the future
b BNP Paribas faces ban on processing some dollar payments - report
m Report: Fortified cereals give too many vitamins to children
t Microsoft tries to tempt XP diehards with $100 discount on new PCs
t T-Mobile to offer free iPhone trials, streamed music
b Abercrombie Cuts Down on Nightclub Vibes and Fat-Shaming to Win Back Teens
e New reality show tricks women with Prince Harry look-alike
t Google Now alerts hit desktop Chrome, OS subversion continues
t Ed Perry | Media give deniers too much credibility
t Try Google Glass this weekend
m Hepatitis A scare at Missouri Red Robin
t Samsung dreams of retina scanner, ultrasonic pen for future Galaxy devices
e 'Jersey Boys' director Eastwood puts high value on cast, script
e Kanye West and Kim Kardashian had 'extremely long' wedding kiss
e 'Sex Tape' Hollywood Premiere
e Tupac's Last Words Were Classic Tupac
e Beastie Boys' Monster Energy Trial Begins, With a Sense of Humor
m Skin moles may predict women's likelihood of developing breast cancer
m West African nations rush to contain an Ebola outbreak which has killed 62 in  ...
t When Windows XP doesn't provide support, What will happen ?
e Sudbury's Chris Evans (aka Captain America) says he's ready to leave acting  ...
t Some Ford owners will soon get a check in the mail
b Market rebounds after choppy day
m Ebola virus: WHO is taking outbreak 'very seriously' as contagion fears grow
b Pelosi Statement on Enrollment in ACA Marketplaces Reaching 5 Million  ...
t NASA Telescope Spots 'Godzilla Of Earths'; Planet Has Mass 17 Times That Of  ...
m ASCO Meeting Day 3: Do More Treatments Equal A Longer Life?
b Do you feel that your personal information is safe?
b HKEx to stake stock of listing rules regardless of Alibaba
t Google warns ads may come to Nest, Google Glass, and more
e Kate Winslet gets Hollywood Walk of Fame star
t Apple: larger iPhone screens start production in July
m Business Highlights
e Peaches will have an Easter funeral following her shock death
m Egypt Claims They Have 'Cure for AIDS'...But It's Not Ready Yet
b European Stocks Dip As Ukraine Referendum Looms
b Gallup: Uninsured Rate Falls to Lowest Level Since Before Obama Took Office
e Daniel Radcliffe continues to grow, takes on a new Broadway role
e New Gotham photos released
e 'Fifty Shades Of Grey': First Still Photo
e 2014 BET Awards Upstages MTV Awards With 7.9 Million Viewers
e SHOW BITS: We win, let's eat
b Newly developed Cobain photos show suicide scene
t Climate change bad news for penguins
t Facebook kills Poke and Camera apps
b No Major Changes in the FOMC Policy Statement
t Starbucks to offer wireless charging
t Apple's CarPlay adds Audi, Fiat, Mazda, and more new partners
e Lindsay Lohan sues 'Grand Theft Auto V' makers
e Kanye West To Throw Bachelor Party In Ireland
e Watch Dianna Agron in Sam Smith's “I'm Not the Only One” Music Video
e McCartney cancels more shows
e 'Orphan Black's Stunning Heroine
b Will CR Bard (BCR) Miss Earnings Estimates? - Analyst Blog
t Stop the Presses: Flappy Bird May Make a Return to Google Play
t Microsoft: No need for laptop with its new tablet
e Ian McDiarmid Thinks He'll Play Palpatine In A Future Star Wars Movie
m 10 Places for Allergy Sufferers to Avoid this Spring, and How to Cope if You Can't
e Actions of Paul Walker speak loudly in 'Brick Mansions'
m Popular Weight Loss Drug Recalled
t URGENT - MH370 Satellite Phone Data
t No more Microsoft Windows 8 on China's government computers
e Paul McCartney Cancels Rest of Japanese Tour Due to Illness
e Game of Thrones finale most downloaded torrent, HBO thrilled
b McDonald's to offer free morning coffee
b USD/JPY Tests Yearly Low as BoJ Refrains - On Cusp of Major Yen Rally?
t Apple Loses Bid to Show Patent Use in Samsung Trial
t Samsung GALAXY S5 and Samsung Gear Fit Coming to Videotron
b Crisis: Deflation in Spain, first time since October 2009
t Star Wars Battlefront 3 Release Date: Trailer for Gameplay Unveiled at E3 This  ...
e Chris Brown Flirts With MORE Trouble After Getting Sh*tfaced At A BET Awards  ...
e Coachella: Outkast reunite, celebs rock out
e Selena Gomez Wants to Date Older Men — Sorry Justin Bieber (VIDEO)
b With CEO gone, Target has bigger problems than its data breach: report
e Kim Kardashian will be taking on a video game.
b UPDATE 1-Retailer Michaels Stores confirms payment card data breach
b Economy, hiring up in July, but flat wage growth dampens cheer
t Who Benefits From an Apple-Comcast Deal?
e Madonna Shows Up For Jury Duty
b Steelworkers President Leo Gerard lauds WTO victory over China tariffs
e The Kate Upton coverup: The model hides her famous assets to promote 'The  ...
b Amazon.com offers unhappy workers up to $5K to resign
b Nikkei skids to 6-month low on Wall Street slide; bargain hunting limits losses
e Weird Al parodies Pharrell Williams in his new video 'Tacky'
e Internet Garbage: That 'North Korea Condemns Seth Rogen' Story Is Flimsy  ...
e 'The Bachelor' Fans Warn Nikki Ferrell that Juan Pablo Galavis Might be Gay
b Vt. unemployment rate drops in Jan.
b GE industrial profit boost underscores strategy, shares up
e Colin Firth Announces Conscious Uncoupling From Paddington Bear Movie
e 'Muppets Most Wanted' Review: Does It Have Everything Fans Could Want?
e Journey's reclusive former lead singer surprises crowd in St. Paul
b GM Recalls 2.4 Million More Vehicles; Stops Sales of New Escalades
m Women More Likely to Get Alzheimer's than Men
e Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin split: the wit and wisdom of Gwynnie
e Bryan Singer Claims He Wasn't In Hawaii When The Alleged Rape Occurred  ...
t T-Mobile Drops Data Caps For Streaming Music
e JK Rowling Has Written About Harry, Ron and Hermione as Adults
e 'The Bachelorette' 2014 Spoilers: What Will Happen In Episode 8? News Of Eric  ...
m High Cholesterol Levels Hinder Pregnancy!
e Prisoner exchange is an American tradition
e The Ice and the furious
t Study: no evidence of Heartbleed attacks before bug was exposed
b US$400 Billion Natural Gas Deal Signed By China And Russia
t Teen: Switching font could save US over $130 million
b USDA predicts more soybeans acres this year
t Scottsdale student wins Doodle 4 Google contest
b Freddie Mac posts $4B profit in 1Q - WBOC-TV 16, Delmarvas News Leader  ...
t Genghis Khan Owes His Empire to ... Rain
e Lindsay Lohan says she has come close to drinking again
e Kim Kardashian shares a kiss with a dolphin – yes, really
t The new entry-level iMac – same great design, scaled-back internals
b $30B-Plus Mega-Merger Of Ad Giants Publicis and Omnicom …
m Gilead Posts Positive Results for All-Oral Sofosbuvir Regimens
t Sony Xperia Z2 Release Date for U.S.
t Office for iPad tipped for 27 March release
t Big Bang waves detected, adding evidence for theory of universe's birth
b US Marshals Reject the Bids from SecondMarket and Pantera Capital
e Kristen Bell Poses Naked For Allure
b Hong Kong media reveals the CCP's mafia-like acts, as a response to the  ...
e Pornographic Tweet Becomes Social Media Nightmare For Airline
m Trader Joe's And Target Recall Seven Tons Of Hummus Over Possible Listeria  ...
m Saudi Mers death toll continues to rise
e Zendaya to Star in Lifetime Movie “Aaliyah: Princess of R&B”
e 'Bachelor' contestant should've turned down Juan Pablo's final rose
e Barefoot Dane sure of stepping up to fame in Eurovision return
t A Deluge of Comment on Net Rules
t Microsoft Makes Windows Cheaper for Manufacturers with Windows 8.1, Bing
e Dave Coulier's wedding turns into 'Full House' reunion
e Only Vogue UK Could Get Victoria Beckham To Make This Fashion Sacrifice  ...
m High Cholesterol May Delay Parenthood
t UN chief adopts lion cub amid high-level wildlife trade talks
e Church of The Way offering time of reflection, prayer during Holy Week
t Heartbleed bug 'a real threat to businesses'
b ECB hopes help global stocks end Q1 on a high
t What is 'Heartbleed' and should I be worried?
m Aged brains and muscles in mice made younger with GDF11
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West land 'Vogue' magazine cover
m E-cigarette facing ban in many cities across USA
b Deals of the Day: Oracle Seals the Deal, France Clears the Way
b US Postal Service Loses Surge to $1.9Billion
t Conan O'Brien has the First Watch Dogs "Review"
t 5 things to know about Cousteau's undersea mission
e Circus Accident Update: Two Performers Remain in Critical Condition after  ...
t Yes, photos ARE important when it comes to online dating…
b American Apparel's tough sex ed lesson
t Salina Declares June LGBT Pride Month
e Subverting the Ice Bucket Challenge With a Bucket Full of…
t HTC One (M8) available with Verizon, AT&T, Sprint and in Google Play edition
b CBO lowers cost figure of expanded health care
t Red Hat offers advancements in enterprise-scale virtualization management
t Elephants can tell difference between human languages and sense danger
t Microsoft Giving Up On Original Shows For Xbox
b France's Orange won't carry Netflix on set-top boxes at first -CEO
t Protestors interrupt Google conference to protest evictions, 'robots that kill people'
t Android 4.3 Jelly Bean XXUENC3 Official Firmware For Samsung Galaxy Note 2  ...
b Amazon offers employees up to $5000 to quit working at the company
e Five super promising summer movies
b People's Biz: Lee County residents divided on fracking
m Saudi Arabia deaths from MERS rise to 282
e Brittny Gastineau Black Eye Photos: Everybody Look at ME!!
m Study: Married folks have fewer heart problems
m Is Pop Music Turning Teens Into Alcoholics?
t Tesla open-sources all of its patents and technology in bid to kill gas-powered cars
b Increase retirement age, IMF tells Pakistan
m Doctor: quintuplets doing 'remarkably well'
t iPad Helped Apple Inc. (AAPL) To Dominate Global PC Market in Q1 2014
t Google Glass & the New Evangelization – Potential Applications for Catholics
e One of Miley Cyrus' Bangerz Tour Buses Went Up in Flames
e Why That Big Twist on The Good Wife Is a Breakthrough for TV
t Scientists create semi-synthetic, alien organism from modified E. coli
b Bank Of America: Buy The Panic And Take Advantage Of Mindless, Anxiety  ...
e Iranian Police Arrest Six Over "Happy" Video Recreation
t It's On! Amazon Stands Ground Over Kids' In-App Purchases
b April unemployment rate drops 1% in Chaffee County
e Mariah Carey - Me. I Am Mariah...The Elusive Chanteuse Review
e New '24: Live Another Day' Trailer Ratchets Up the Action: Every Second Counts!
b Ronald McDonald enjoys life in spotlight
t Amateur radio enthusiasts take to the airwaves en masse for Field Day
m Ebola: profile of a prolific killer
t Apple Confirms iOS, OSX Not Affected By Heartbleed Bug
e World Happiness Day: Are you happy?
t The lesson from eBay's security breach: We are so screwed
b Richard Mellon Scaife: I have untreatable cancer
t Siri Faces Patent Threat as Apple Loses China Lawsuit Over Voice Recognition  ...
e How Game of Thrones differs from the books
m The deadliest Ebola outbreak in history is happening right now
b April favors the Dow-the Nasdaq, not so much
m Research: Maryland city ranks as one of most obese in US
e Kevin's Korner: Happy Easter!
e Michael Jace, 'The Shield' actor, charged with murder in shooting death of wife
t Flappy Bird Creator's Next Game, 'Kitty Jetpack,' Has Already Been Created By  ...
b Exchange Rates Outlook For Pound Sterling, Euro And US Dollar: 24th June 2014
b BMW Announces Expansion, Job Creation
e 'The Walking Dead' season 4 finale: Terminus a trap of 'unthinkable' evil acts?
e HBO Go Users Crash 'True Detective' Season Finale
e Nicole and Keith Shine at the Celebrate Life Everyday Ball
b Sales of new homes in US fall in July
t OpenSSL Calls for More Support
m Study: Cocaine use is down, marijuana smoking is up
e Miley Cyrus Opts Out Of VMA Acceptance Speech To Advocate For Homeless  ...
e Trying to become the newest Avenger? David Beckham gets pally with Samuel L  ...
e 'Mad Men': 7 takeaways from the first half of Season 7
b Ford's CEO Fields gets 9 pct raise in annual salary
e 5 things you missed at the 2014 MTV VMAs
t General Motors says other defective ignition switch made in China
b Hollande meets with Alstom's suitors
e Cory Still s Topanga As A New Generation 'Meets World'
e Pin up model dies in Florida
t Twitch: Everything you need to know about the games streaming service
b Vt. unemployment rate drops to 3.7 percent
b Market Update: Target Corporation (NYSE:TGT) – Target asks its customers to  ...
t Why the feds should block Comcast's merger with Time Warner Cable
t NASA astronauts celebrate the World Cup more than 200 miles above Earth
e Guardians Of The Galaxy Skins Confirmed For Minecraft Xbox 360 Edition
e 'The Other Woman': Mistress mischief is featherweight fun
t Samsung unveils Galaxy Tab S devices as light as Air
e Daily Show Correspondent Larry Wilmore Will Fill Colbert Spot With "The  ...
b Research and Markets: Increase in Non-OPEC Production to Exceed Growth in  ...
e Snake preacher's son handler bitten by SIX-FOOT rattlesnake just months after  ...
e 'Deliver Us From Evil' is a genre hopping & highly entertaining piece of cinema
b Murdoch's Time Warner takeover bid a matter of price, say analysts
e X-Men: Days of Future Past
t Net neutrality opponents now claim regulations are disrespectful to Obama
t Rhea Co. girl is finalist in national "Doodle 4 Google" contest
b IMF expects fast, but not furious, growth in H2
t Microsoft announces Surface Pro 3 – the 12″ tablet that aims to replace your  ...
e Lena Dunham at SXSW 2014: 'Female stars of Girls are being typecast'
t Yahoo may try to draw YouTube's most popular acts with a video site of its own
e Fashion retailer pulls controversial children's shirt
b Brunswick Serves The King's Tax Play
b Argentina sounds alarm, says close to 'technical default'
t Obama's Robot Summit: Youth Science Event at the Miraikan
e Neil Young Set to Unveil Pono, a New Music Player
b ECB to hold fire on rates despite slow inflation
b Police seek man who robbed Pa. movie theater
t Violent impact probably flipped moon on its side
e 'X-Men' director not in Hawaii when alleged rape of teen boy occurred, lawyer says
t Could new net neutrality rules fuel piracy?
t Will Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Continue its Huge Innovative Earning Potential
t Google I/O 2014 Live Video From Moscone West, San Francisco
e Cameron Diaz strips off for the cover of Esquire – 'I love being 41!'
b Riders Relieved SEPTA Strike is Over
b Cynk Technology: Don't be stupid
t All color variants should be released with a launch
m How Parents Unknowingly Promote Obesity During Kids' Infancy
b March sales figures put a spring in American automakers' outlook
e 10 things you probably didn't know about celebrity Casey Kasem
m E-cigarettes become part of the quit smoking discussion.
b Exxon Mobil Q2 Profit Increases - Quick Facts
t Preliminary Sales Ban For Typo iPhone Keyboard
b These are our demands - NUMSA
e Jay Leno Joins Protest Of Anti-Gay Brunei, Marriage-Equality Foe Wants To  ...
b Twitter incurs loss in Q2 despite huge growth in user numbers
b Bank Of England Keeps Monetary Policy Unchanged
e Singer Jimmy Scott dies
b Iraq Oil Production Continues Despite Escalating Violence
t Is Apple buying Beats just to get Jimmy Iovine?
t Uproar at software firm Mozilla over new chief's support for ban on gay marriage
t NY Hit With 'Record-Setting' Number of Breaches in 2013
t Microsoft Is Making It Less Expensive To Use Office 365 On Apple's iPad
m Sweets makers work to keep names off electronic cigarettes
t Friday the 13th will also have full moon
m Older Americans Month: Dementia or Mental Illness?
e Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie making new movie together? First time since 'Mr  ...
e Harper Lee forswears new book about her in puzzling conflict
e The Walking Dead Season 4 Finale: Preview, Spoilers, Trailers
m Suffolk: Skin cancer patient warns others to be vigilant and check moles regularly
e Casey Kasem, Longtime Voice Actor and Radio Stalwart, Dies At 82
t US Cellular Presale for Samsung Galaxy S 5 Begins Tomorrow With Free $50  ...
t Facebook's massive psychology experiment likely illegal
e Miley Cyrus accidentally performs in her underwear
t Microsoft fitness band rumour: Another way to sell services to Android users?
t Facebook updates Paper to v1.1, No Android app release announced
m UN Report: Growing Meth Demand In Asia Driving Global Production
t LG G2 Starts Receiving Android Kitkat 4.4.2 Update in India
b IRS to tackle political spending rule again
t Activision 'revising' release of 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2' for Xbox One
t Supermoon To Appear Saturday, First Of Three
e 'Divergent' Finale 'Allegiant' Will Be Split Into Two Movies
b Survey: US companies add 218000 jobs in July - WSVN-TV - 7NEWS Miami Ft  ...
m Boston Hospitals in Top 10 on US News Honor Roll
t Russian gamer in dramatic collapse after experiencing Oculus Rift
t Skype can do real time translations
e Will 'The Colbert Report' Get Canceled After 'Racist' Tweet? Twitter Trends  ...
b Unemployment rates fell in 29 US states in February as hiring picks up
t Google drops stories from BBC, UK sites
e When the BET Awards spelled Lionel Richie's name wrong, Twitter blew up
e The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back  ...
t Rare Friday the 13th Full Moon
b US Reaches $968 Million Mortgage Settlement With SunTrust -- Update
e October slated for Rolling Stones tour to return to Australia
t Pokemon Master | Google Teases Dream Job (On April Fool's Day)
b Biz Break: Yahoo, Intel jump after kicking off crucial earnings season for Silicon  ...
b Pew 'State Of The Media' Report: Radio Still Reaches Majority, But Growth Is In  ...
t Astronaut Buzz Aldrin wants people to share their memories of the first walk on  ...
e 'Once Upon a Time' capitalizes on 'Frozen' popularity with brilliant finale move
m Illinois resident infected with MERS tests negative for ability to spread virus
m Health Alert: Blood test may predict breast cancer
t 5G agreement signed by EC with South Korea
e Orange is the New Black Season 2: First Trailer!
m Ind. native with Ebola gives 'experimental serum' to co-worker
t White House denies NSA-'Heartbleed' link
e Solange Knowles shimmers in silver as she walks first red carpet since lift incident
b ECB gets pragmatic to keep bank test deadlines in sight
e American DJ Casey Kasem passes away at 82
t Apple Lowers iPod touch Prices
m Excessive TV Watching Linked To Poorer Sleep In Kids
t The Heartbleed Bug Explained In One Cartoon
b Shares struggle, oil firms on Iraq anxiety
t Nintendo's Wii U woes continue, results miss targets even after lowering  ...
e Six Arrested in Iran For Their Version of Pharrell's 'Happy' Video
t Here comes the Surface Mini
b US home building declined 6.5% in May
b Argentina fails to reach deal with holdout creditors
t Hackers raid eBay
t Headsets latest buzz in gaming
t Samsung Gear 2 review: Limited support makes it hard to recommend
b Japan, Australia reach deal on free trade
m How to prevent ticks and lyme disease?
m A Study Cynics Probably Won't Trust
b Merchants, users of bitcoin uncertain on future of the cryptocurrency
t EarPods May Monitor Heart Rate, Blood Pressure
e Ming Dynasty 'chicken cup' sold for record $36M - WHLT 22 Connecting the Pine  ...
b 200000 bitcoins found in 'forgotten' wallet
t Glass for Work program aims to connect working professionals with developers
e Will 'Amazing Spider-Man 2' set up the Sinister Six?
b 'No deflation prospects' in Europe
e Kendall Jones: A perfect example of internet activism gone wrong
t Searchers unearth "ET" - the video game Atari wanted us to forget
t Don't Worry, Facebook Still Has No Clue How You Feel
b GM Recalls 2.42M Vehicles For Four More Safety Issues
t PR Newswire
m World Dispatches
b BNP Paribas SA Rating Lowered to Hold at Societe Generale (BNPQY)
t SpaceX asks court to make U.S. Air Force space launch missions more competitive
t Recent Breaches Appear To Be Hitting Home With Consumers
m Ebola virus has Kansas connections
b Microsoft's Satya Nadella unveils Office for iPad
e Spike Lee to adapt She's Gotta Have It for Showtime
e Top Picks for Tribeca Film Festival
t Review: Samsung Galaxy Grand 2 vs S Duos 2 – Price & Specifications
e Stars flock as Venice film fest kicks off
e Best Dressed at the 2014 CFDA Fashion Awards
t Is Bigfoot a prehistoric polar bear? New study could have solved mystery
e You say 'potato,' I say 'crowdfunding' -- man turns to Kickstarter to fund his salad
e Here's the Emotional Letter Nick Sent Bachelorette Andi (You Know You Want to  ...
b Huge Swaths Of Farmland Idle In California As Drought Threatens To Dry Up Wells
b Market tumble set to continue on Friday
t As If Google Wasn't Everywhere Already
t Microsoft Will Leave Email Snooping Up to the Authorities Now
e Angelina Jolie: The original Maleficent really enjoyed being evil – it's fun to watch
t iPhone 6 Release Date Update: 6 Ways Next iPhone Will Defeat Samsung  ...
t Best viewing time for Tax Day's 'Blood Moon' over NH: 3:08 am Tuesday
e The Worst Of Bachelorette Recap
t Netflix: Comcast is charging us for access to our subscribers
e Lecrae Is Suing Katy Perry For Copyright Infringement On "Dark Horse"
e In memoriam: Dr. Stephen T. Colbert, DFA
e TV Recaps: 'Game of Thrones: Oathkeeper'
t Xbox TV to be canned
e Towson Alum Keeps Breaking Records on 'American Ninja Warrior'
t Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 specs leaked on GFXBench
b PMI figures show UK manufacturing growth slowing amid fears for exports
e Did Beyonce Call Out Jay Z For Cheating?
e Texas Tech cheerleader's hunting causes national stir
e Another arrest for Short
e The Bachelorette recap: Don't Go Away Mad
b BofA to pay $9.3bn over mortgage bonds sold to Fannie, Freddie
e Tom Hanks and Steven Spielberg Sign On for Untitled Cold War Thriller
t Amazon stands ground on kids' in-app purchase issue
t Tesla goes 'open source' with patents
b Nuclear hangover
m A whooping one-third of the world's population is overweight or obese: Study
t Ancient gene helps Tibetans cope with high altitude
e 'Wheel Of Fortune Puzzle': Pat Sajak Claims Contestant's Guess Is 'The Most  ...
e Film: X-Men: Days of Future Past
e MTV Video Music Awards 2014: Best and worst moments
t Twitter rolls out new profile look
b EUR/USD: no long-lasting effect from Draghi's jawboning
b AstraZeneca rejects Pfizer's $118 billion dollar takeover deal
e Passings: Scott Asheton of the Stooges (1949 - 2014)
m FDA proposes new regulations for e-cigarettes
e Mariah Carey Remains Tight-Lipped On Split With Hubby Nick Cannon While  ...
m Bacteria can survive on planes for a week Study
b Squirrel blamed for $300K damage to Ind. building
e Lindsay Lohan felt humiliated by sex list
t Google's Project Tango Team Partners with NASA to Make Autonomous Robots  ...
m Health officials investigate report of new mosquito-borne virus in Tennessee
b S&P 500 Strikes New Closing High in Thin Trade
t WATCH: Rude tailgater gets hit with 'instant...
e Ariana Grande unleashes Hip-Hop flavored track-listing for second album
b India-born Rajeev Suri appointed CEO of Nokia
e National September 11 Memorial Museum opens at Ground Zero as US pauses  ...
t Wearables come together as Misfit launches official activity tracker for Pebble  ...
b Stock market back up to previous record levels
e 22 Jump Street is the summer laugh riot youve been waiting for
b I Have No Idea Why Twitter's Stock Crashed
e So What If Britney Spears' "Alien" Sounds Horrible Without Autotune? She's Still  ...
e One Direction stars 'smoke joint' in leaked video
e Game of Thrones: Danaerys' Dragon Cooks Its Own Dinner (GIF)
b US Fed issues corrected stress test results, says most changes minor
b British annual inflation climbs to 1.9%
e Carrie Fisher reveals she was asked to lose 35 pounds for Star Wars VII
e Not Much to 'Planes' Sequel
e Neil Young's Pono player smashes through Kickstarter target
m State officials: Man treated for MERS 'improving'
b Adobe Systems (ADBE) Releases Quarterly Earnings, Beats Expectations By  ...
t Titanfall - Final Six Control Schemes Revealed for the Xbox
e Jolie And McCartney Launch Children's Line
t Amazon Preparing to Launch Long-Rumored Smartphone by Christmas
b US consumer borrowing rose $17.5 billion in March
m GlaxoSmithKline Recalls Alli Due To Potential Drug Tampering
e James Franco says provocative Instagrams are 'what the people want'
e Watch Three Cities Deteriorate In Dawn of the Planet of the Apes Promos
e Celebrity news
b The Fed's moves could be a warning sign
b Stress Test Shows 29 Banks Meet or Top Capital Target
t Apple iPhone 6 could monitor heart rate THROUGH YOUR EARS
e Lady Gaga gets sex toy for her 28th birthday
e Joseph Altuzarra, Rihanna, Tom Ford Honored at CFDA Awards
b Euro to USD Exchange Rate weaker as ECB comments weigh and positive US  ...
b Pizza Hut Sales Unexpectedly Fall
t These 3D printed earphones are tailor-made for your ears
e Drew Barrymore's half-sister Jessica found dead in her car
t FCC under fire on Net neutrality
b Financials in focus: Citigroup rejected, B of A settles and Ally preps for IPO
b Gold death cross & post-FOMC sell-off
m Study: Even mildly high blood pressure increases stroke risk
e double-breasted jackets
t US gasoline prices rose 1.87 cents in two weeks -Lundberg survey
t Edward Snowden: 'They're setting fire to the future of the Internet'
b Credit Suisse Admits Cheating the US System
b Sales of US homes rose in May; highest in six years
b What to look for in LinkedIn earnings
t CERN experiments report new Higgs boson measurements
m The High Cost Of Untreated Mental Illness
b Critics of capitalism only serve to reinforce it
e Sherlock Will Return In 2015
e Trailer Released: Angelina Jolie Starring in Disney's Maleficent (2014)
e Latest 'X-Men' brilliant
b Inflation signs lurk in broader labor data sought by Yellen
e Ladies weep! Ryan Gosling, Eva Mendes having a baby: report
e REVIEW: The Normal Heart
b Viewpoints: Failed leadership, not drought, is source of water problems
b Tax deadline looms midnight Tuesday
e The Big Bang Theory Lands a Three Year Renewal
b Dollar mixed vs. rivals ahead of US data
b Stifel Nicolaus Comments On Alcoa Acquisition Of Firth Rixson
t SoftBank acquisition of US telco threatened by $15B offer from French rival
b Bally Technologies Inc.: Scientific Games to Acquire Bally Technologies In  ...
t Why Early Xbox One Sales Numbers Are Meaningless
e Miley's Maserati is found by police
e Falcon to Take Over as Next Captain America, Iron Man Gets a New Suit
t Balloon launched to test possible landing systems on Mars
b Samsung on track to post another profit hit
m World Cup 'bionic man' gives hope to paraplegics
e 'Scandal' season finale: All the wild, OMG moments
t Apple may debut budding world of 'smart home' technology
m Man who met US MERS patient picked up infection, not sick : CDC
t Samsung Galaxy S4 Battery Problems: Important Tips to Extend Battery Life
t Watch Dogs: New Nvidia and AMD Drivers Now Available, Promise Improved  ...
t SCOTUS hands victory to broadcasters, making TV ever the same
t Twitter rolling out new profile design
e Andrew Garfield dresses in drag as Arcade Fire reveal full-length 'We Exist  ...
t PayPal with Fingerprint Authentication and PayPal App Now Available Globally  ...
t PM/AM: Online Shopping 2.0
b A Turbulent Week for the European Financial Markets
b UPDATE 3-Bulgaria's bank crisis eases after Europe approves credit line
t Europe sees 5 possible sites for comet landing
e Shock rant! Miley Cyrus reveals 'Wrecking Ball' was about ex Liam Hemsworth  ...
e Winfrey Teams Up With Starbucks for Oprah Chai Tea Drink
m Dr. Oz grilled by senators on Capitol Hill, about weight loss products
e Black sheep 'Bachelor'? Juan Pablo Galavis slammed during 'The Bachelor' finale
e Brad Pitt 'Malificent' Red Carpet Premiere: Star Speaks Out About Attack
e Why I Root for Lindsay Lohan's Success, on OWN and Beyond
e SXSW 2014: 10 Artists to Watch
m Lassa fever confirmed in traveler returning to Minnesota from West Aftrica
e Selena Gomez Party Crashed By Police After Neighbors Call To Complain: Report
e Casey Kasem's Epic Meltdown [VIDEO]
b EUR/GBP Fundamental Analysis April 15, 2014 Forecast
e Karrueche Shares Message From Breezy & Sings “Drunk In Love” Flawlessly  ...
e Kate Upton: 'The Other Woman' Bikini Scene was “Uncomfortable”
e Lamar Odom, Khloe Kardashian Divorce Latest News Update 2014: NBA Star  ...
e Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber 'cosy' at Coachella
e Second daughter for Drew Barrymore
t Meet some Latinos who took part in the White House Science Fair
b Intuit Buys Check, A Mobile Bill-Payment App , for $360 Million INTU
e Nobel-prize winning Colombian novelist Gabriel Garcia Marquez dies
e Justin Bieber Drops $10000 on Flowers for Selena Gomez; Pair Back Together?
e Jennifer Lopez Drops The F Bomb As Jena Irene Pulls Off Jaw Dropping Final  ...
t How to be happy
m US warns of allergic reactions with acne products
e 25 Moments Viral Site Reveals Secret X-Men Movie History
t Still using Windows XP? Microsoft begins $100 deal to get you on Windows 8.1
t Bull escapes slaughterhouse; Police kill bull
e Chris Brown assault trial postponed
e Fast and furious custody battle: Paul Walker's mother applies for custody of  ...
t Hey AT&T, Try Building Something Instead Of Buying It
t Samsung's Patent Woes Not Over Yet
e George Clooney has his heart on a 'dream day' for wedding
b Free lunch for New York's homeless goes awry after Chinese billionaire pulls  ...
e The Voice Top 10 Elimination Results - Live Blog 4/29/14
t Heartbleed patched but security time bomb is still ticking
e Was gay star Chris Colfer let go from hit show Glee?
t Monster makes the albatross look like a pigeon
t Huge Hidden Ocean Is Found Near Earth's Core
b Twitter COO Ali Rowghani Resigns, Will Stay Onboard as Advisor
e Diagon Alley, Universal Orlando's New Harry Potter Exhibit, Opens
e DiCaprio rubbishes online death rumours
t UN: Act fast on global warming to save planet - and money
e Rolling Stones Play Olso With Keith Richards Rarity Added SETLIST
e Oprah Winfrey on Maya Angelou: 'She Will Always Be the Rainbow in My Clouds'
e Ready for Her Close-Up: Emma Stone on being fearless, loving Spider-Man
b Malaysia says 'so far' no red flags on any missing jet passenger
b China and Vietnam locked in tense stand-off over oil rig in disputed sea
b U.S. Stocks Retreat After 4-Day Rally as Retailers Drop
e Matt Lauer signs contract extension on 'Today' show
b Zillow Snaps Up Web Real Estate with Trulia Deal
b Activists predict biggest...
t OkCupid to Firefox Users: Switch Browsers, Support Gay Marriage
b Procter & Gamble to eliminate underperforming brands
b Gundlach to Tesla's Musk: Get Out of the Car Business – TSLA
e Elton John to get hitched in May
e Injured SXSW fan gets private concert in her hospital room from one of her  ...
b US sets preliminary subsidy rates on China's photovoltaic products
t Ralph Lauren launches wearable tech
b Whole Foods' rotten day: Stock tanks 19%
e Gehry redesign of art museum yields more space
t Samsung Galaxy A series: All that you need to know
e Harry Potter film spin-off to become a trilogy
e Watch 'Dancing With The Stars' Season 18 Premiere Live Stream Online! How  ...
e Legendary Comedian & Tonight Show Guest David Brenner Dies at 78
t Dr. Dre declares himself 'the first billionaire in hip-hop'
t iPhone 6 Price May Top $800: Will Apple Delay Launch Beyond September 9?
t The Pale Red Dot --Distant Oort Cloud Planet Discovered Beyond Known Edge  ...
t Heartbleed Malware Impact Still Yet to Be Known, Felt
t Facebook Is Developing 'Drones, Satellites and Lasers,' Ostensibly for a Good  ...
t Text to 911 Service Now Available From Sprint, T-Mobile, AT&T
b Hot stocks: SingPost requests for trading halt
e Maps To The Stars: Robert Pattinson Has Sex With Julianne Moore In First  ...
t Windows XP Support Ends: Survival Tips to Stay Safe
e 'All My Children' Actor Matthew Cowles Dead at 69
t GM recalls another 3.4 million vehicles
m San Diego is 6th City with Least Number of Obese People
e Beyoncé and Jay Z 'lead seperate lives' on tour
e Watch Blue Ivy DANCING to Beyonce's Flawless as she performs at the MTV  ...
e Twitter Tells Robin Thicke to Leave Paula Patton Alone
m Nine states considering Connecticut's Obamacare fix
e Chin Up, Today Is International Day Of Happiness
b Morgan Stanley eyes compensation cuts for financial advisers: sources
e Zach Braff and Lena Dunham among the celebrities to mock Shia LaBeouf on  ...
t HTC One Mini 2 Update: First Ever Alleged Press Shot Leaks Out
b US Consumer Sentiment Dips in April Despite Growing Economic Prospects
e Easter traditions date back centuries
e Lindsey Vonn is close friends with boyfriend Tiger Woods' ex-wife Elin Nordegren
e Batman vs. Superman to face off against Captain America 3
t Google: No OEM skins for Android Wear, Android Auto, or Android TV
e Primetime Ratings: 'America's Got Talent' Returns to Series Low Premiere
m 25 minutes of mindfulness meditation releases stress, boosts attention
t Google Has Added Pokémon To Google Maps
e The Powerpuff Girls Return to Save Cartoon Network in 2016
t The New York Times Publishes A Big Profile On Apple CEO Tim Cook
e Who Went Home On Dancing with the Stars 2014 Last Night? Week 5
e Rob Kardashian Grilled in LA After Skipping Kim's Wedding
m Scientists Will Test Cats and Dogs for Mers Virus
b US Green Groups See Need To Nudge Obama's 'opening Bid' On Carbon Cuts
b The economy works for those who own it
m FDA prepares long-awaited plan to reduce salt
e Twelve Women Hope to be Royalty in "I Wanna Marry Harry"
b Candy Crush maker sinks below IPO price
e VIDEO: Stallone's “arthritic” Action Heroes Roll Their Tanks Through Cannes
b Stocks finish higher on earnings gains
b The Anglo trial: in quotes
t Oculus Rift dev kits removed from sale in China
e The crude joke's on you, US Airways
b Forex - Euro drops to fresh 3-month lows against dollar
m Autism linked to flawed prenatal brain growth
e 'All By Myself': Man stuck in Las Vegas airport makes epic Celine Dion music video
t Report: Apple to Take on Home Automation with “Smart Home” Platform at WWDC
t Microsoft ends support for Windows XP on April 8: Is your survival kit ready?
e 'Dancing with the Stars' 2014: Finalists Talk About Tonight's Big Finale
t ​Tesla Is Calling Their Next Car The Model 3
e Angelina Jolie Does Dramatic Leather Gown For Maleficent Premiere
b GameStop shares fall after 4Q results
e Johnny Winter Dies; Legendary Guitarist Was 70
e Pharrell Joins 'The Voice' As A Coach: Could His Year Get Any Better?
t What Does the Facebook – WhatsApp Acquisition Mean to Bulk SMS Marketers?
m Tequila Plant Possible Sweetener For Diabetics
e The Led Zeppelin "Stairway" Lawsuit - You Be The Judge
t Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey Episode 2 Live Stream, Fox TV Schedule: Watch  ...
b UK's Cameron says making good progress on Pfizer guarantees
t Facebook Launches FB Newswire For Journalists
e Madonna Selling New Skincare Line and Hairy Armpit Trend
b How 5 wealth managers are positioning for a rate rise
b Don't Miss Your Last Chance at This Zero-Tax Opportunity
t VIDEO: Facebook Begins Testing A Buy Button
e Paul McCartney Teaches a Robot to Dance in New Video
b New Mobile boarding passes on Etihad Airways
e Rihanna and Eminem for MTV Movie Awards
t UN says shale gas can combat climate change
b Torrance Reels from News of Toyota Move
e JK Rowling's The Casual Vacancy set for TV miniseries
e Beyonce Shares Never-Before-Seen Wedding Footage (See Video!)
e Harrison Ford's Star Wars: Episode VII Injury May Require Surgery
e Weird Al Yankovic parodies Pharrell with 'Tacky'
e “Game of Thrones” recap: Quietly noble
b Ikea's US Division Plans To Hike Minimum Wages By 17%
e The Flash: Full Costume Revealed in New Image
t Microsoft Dropping Windows From Azure In Cloud Rebranding Move
e American Idol's Harry Connick Jr calls Alex Preston's ankles 'sexy'
e Upfronts roundup: Last-minute renewals, as Parenthood goes down to the wire
t Last Week A Dell Executive Inadvertently Explained To Us Why Apple Was  ...
m Higher doses of antidepressants may raise teen suicide risk
t Nokia Lumia 635 availability and pricing for T-Mobile, MetroPCS revealed
b US stocks trade higher on retail sales increase
t How Tim Cook Is Taking Steve Jobs' Advice to Heart as Apple's CEO
b US stocks rise on US jobs report
m Pfizer Inc's Palbociclib Delivers the Goods
e 'Game Of Thrones' Questions Unanswered: Joffrey's Death Blamed On Tyrion  ...
e Emma Stone Stands by Her Spider-Man on Their Thrilling Cover
t Average gasoline prices in California drop below $4 per gallon
b How a stand-off at sea led to mob violence in Vietnam
e Saturday Night Live Review: “Lena Dunham/The National”
e Get a free scoop at Ben and Jerry's today
t Heartbeat Heartbleed Bug Breaks Worldwide Internet Security Again (And Yahoo)
t Microsoft to End Windows XP Services
e Coachella 2014: The Naked and Famous are thrilled to perform on the main stage
t FCC proposes pay-for-priority Internet standards
e Solange Attacks Jay Z in Elevator After Met Gala [VIDEO]
b American Apparel founder's loan said to cede his voting rights
b Obamacare sign-up deadline delayed. Is the mandate effectively gone? (+video)
t Chromecast makes UK debut
b GBP Rises After Carney Hints At Earlier Rate Hike
b German business confidence falls for the fourth month
b Timeline: Major events in GM's recall of 1.6 million cars
e 'Seinfeld' actor Wayne Knight, latest celebrity death hoax target
e New Captain America to be African American
t Beginning May 15, Sprint customers in Vermont can send a text message to 9-1  ...
e Demi Lovato Unfollows Selena Gomez on Twitter, MAYBE Called Her a Bitch
b Draghi Sets Up A New Tune For June
e 'Batman v Superman Dawn of Justice': So, We're Getting a Justice League Movie
t GM's Seriously Huge Liability Trouble
t ISS Astronauts Kick Off World Cup with Zero-Gravity Soccer Match [VIDEO]
t Major OpenSSL bug 'puts large numbers of websites at risk'
e Halle Berry says she believes in aliens
b Bank, expected to pay $9B for Sudan ties, cuts dividend
b Quids in: How to spot if you've got a fake one pound coin
t Researchers Gain New Insight into the Evolution of Triceratops
t Mozilla: 'Judge Not Your Fellow Until You Have Stood In His Place'
t Samsung Galaxy S5, Galaxy Note 4 Could Get Android 4.4.3 KitKat Soon
e Peek-a-boob! Kim K.'s nipple steals show in selfie
e Gay Icon Barbra Streisand Finds Gay Sex Distasteful, Says Larry Kramer
t Google+ Adds Total Content View Counts To Profile Pages
b Japanese Yen (JPY) Exchange Rate at Three-Month High against US Dollar
e Actor Chris Pine pleads guilty to DUI in New Zealand
t The Google v. Oracle appeal ruling: why it's important
t Google's Street View now lets users go back in time
t Preview & SDK site for Android L, Wear, TV and Auto goes live
t Canadian teen arrested for stealing tax data with Heartbleed
b The truth about Rupert Murdoch's new plot for world domination
t AT&T Plans Ultra-Fast Fiber Network for Internet in San Diego
m Foster Farms Issues Recall on Chicken Products Linked to Salmonella Case
e Mad Men review: A new kind of family
b Americans' Experience With Health Law Depends On Where They Live
t Destiny Dev Diary Trailer Talks Player Gear
b Asian Shares Slump, Oil Firms As Market Eyes Iraq
t Top Windows Phone weather apps for severe weather season
e Johnny Winter, Blues Torchbearer: An Appreciation
b El-Erian: Why investors keep putting money into bonds
m FTC wins appeal in ProMedica case
t GOG.com's Summer Sale 2014 Live, 50% Off Deals On 'Tesla Effect', 'Don't  ...
t Is Amazon planning to launch a 3D smartphone this week?
e 'Magic In The Moonlight': Woody Allen's New Muse Emma Stone Dazzles In  ...
e Three Arrested For Throwing Beer Bottles At Taylor Swift's Rhode Island Home
e 5 lessons entrepreneurs can learn from Casey Kasem
t New dwarf dinosaur from Alaska bucks evolutionary pattern
t Facebook study on 'users' emotions' has come under UK and Canada scanner
b Chrysler to ax the Grand Caravan
e “Bachelorette” Andi Dorfman Only Earned $50K to Find Josh Murray
e ON CHRISTIANITY
t Atari ET Game Graveyard Unearthed in New Mexico Desert
e Send in the clones: 'Orphan Back' is back for season two
t Lesson Learned: Facebook's New Friend-Finding Feature is Optional
e Brian Willaims Raps Snoop Dogg's "Gin and Juice" On "Tonight Show": WATCH
b Swiss bank admits to helping wealthy Americans avoid taxes, fined $2.6 bn
b OECD Cuts Global Growth Forecast as Emerging Markets Cool
e Jimmy Scott, Jazzman With Childlike Voice, Dies
t National Climate Assessment roll-out Tuesday: With proper translation, rolling  ...
e 'Fifty Shades of Grey' trailer is a record-breaker, with 17m hits!
e Game of Thrones : The 'Purple Wedding' plotters are revealed and White  ...
e Kurt Cobain & Nirvana Honored By Lorde Performance At Rock And Roll Hall Of  ...
t Apple and Google declare a truce in patent fight
b Today's Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA Stock Market News Review mid-day  ...
b Sbarro files for bankruptcy protection for the second time
b Gas prices expected to hit highest level
t Google to unveil new television set-top box: WSJ
b Bank of England minutes show some members closer to voting for rate rise
e Johnny Depp flashes huge diamond ring, confirming engagement to Amber Heard
b Risk and Portfolio Construction: Rates of change
e The ridiculous new wedding trend
e Ariana Grande, Nicki Minaj and Jessie J team up for Lady Marmalade 2.0
m New Biometric T-Shirt Makes Fitbit Seem Like a Child's Toy
e 'Shield' actor pleads not guilty in wife's murder case
m Egypt army says device it claimed cures AIDS and hepatitis needs 6 more  ...
b Hiring up as jobless numbers decrease
t Apple retires iPad 2, tweaked iPad 4 now $399
t United to launch personal in-flight entertainment for iOS devices
m Humans Nose can Sense One Trillion Different Smells, Say Researchers
t Google, Facebook and others encrypting email amid rising spying fears
e Tributes flow for Gwarfrontman Dave Brockie akaOderus Urungus
e Indio Downey Son Of Robert Downey Jr Arrested For Doing Drugs While Driving
t Apple Crowd-Sources Pixies' 'Gigantic' for iPhone 5S Commercial
b Europe open: Oil slips as US set to lift export ban on oil
b Government to sell off £4.2bn of Lloyds shares
b Worth considering the merits of doing QE at this time, says AXA's Iggo
e Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams Fought on Notebook Movie Set
e Review: Ryan Gosling's directorial debut 'Lost River' drowns in all that ruined  ...
b Pilot participants include Aeroflot, Aer Lingus, Qatar Airways, and JR  ...
t SoundHawk Unveils A Wearable For Your Listening Pleasure, Partners With  ...
b EUR/USD eyes 1.3800 on PMIs
t Bing follows Google's lead and joins the 'right to be forgotten' party
b Crude palm oil rises 0.24% as demand picks up
t Apple Releases Cheaper Macbook Airs
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West land Vogue cover
b Dollar Plunges against Euro as Investors' Risk Appetite Surges
b 26/05/2014France's Hollande calls for EU to reduce role
e Leonardo DiCaprio refused to party with Justin Bieber at Cannes
b Venture capital spending at highest level since end of dot-com bubble
e Michael Strahan Close to Signing Up for 'Good Morning America'
t Glasshole Being A Glasshole About His Precious Toy Getting Broken
b Wal-Mart to challenge GameStop in used video game business
b What Planned Carbon Regulations Mean For Texas
e Chappelle Talks About Making Fun of Prince and Meeting Kanye for the First Time
e Justin Bieber Wants to Ditch Selena Gomez on Birthday to Go Paintballing with  ...
m A 'Bionic Pancreas' For Diabetics, Coming Soon?
b Amazon's Bezos offers update on groceries, drones
b Amazon tells Hachette authors it'll give them 100% of e-book sales
t Foreign tech firms pose Internet threat
b China to double yuan trading band against dollar
t Microsoft fixes Xbox Live security flaw discovered by a 5-year-old
e Halston Sage: Zac Efron's New Girlfriend Helping Him Stay Clean After Rehab
b Detroit announces new online auction to sell city-owned houses in effort to fight  ...
m Air pollution led to seven million deaths in 2012
e Fleetwood Mac to make Indianapolis stop on 'On With The Show' tour
t NASA Threads A Needle Latest Launch
b Economic Watch: Wholesale Prices, Consumer Sentiment Both Rise
t NASA: That 'Thigh Bone' on Mars Was Really a...
e 50 Cent's "Animal Ambition" Utilizes Long Lost Beats, Makes Producers' Dreams  ...
t Hackers tweet bomb threat to Sony president's plane
t OpenSSL Foundation president asks for more financial support in the wake of  ...
b 'More women than ever' on top UK company boards, says report
e Jonah Hill apologies for using gay slur aimed at paparazzo, captured on video
e Harrison Ford injures ankle on set of 'Star Wars'
m 9 most unhealthy chain-restaurant dishes
t Here's All the Knowledge You Could Access on the Internet 25 Years Ago
t Woman found dead inside north Charlotte home
b Orders for Durable Goods Rise in March
e Miley Cyrus films fight between two fans at BANGERZ concert
b US Targets Higher Duties on Chinese Solar Imports as Spat Escalates
t AMD to make custom ARM cores for "ambidextrous" platforms
e Kristen Stewart won't return for 'Snow White and the Huntsman' sequel
e Kim Kardashian goes on wedding Twitter rant: 'We are not married yet!'
t Nvidia reveals dual-GPU Titan Z, new Pascal GPU offers colossal memory  ...
b Gas prices fall a little in Maine
t Titanfall is Amazing, Here's What We Want in the Sequel
e Kim Kardashian continues to shock with most daring top (or lack of!) yet
e Schumer Calls For Plan to Keep Fatigued Truck Drivers Off the Road
e Jennifer Lawrence ignores her boyfriend
e Emma Stone leaves spiders senses tingling after hilarious lip-syncing rap on  ...
t VIDEO: How do today's kids react to old 1970s era computers?
t Samsung Galaxy F to be released—in 'glowing gold'?
t Iceland volcano: Red alert issued for Bardarbunga eruption
e How would Gwyneth Paltrow describe your relationship? Try the 'Goop-ify' widget
m The Global Meth Problem Is Worse Than Ever
e Inside Taylor Swift's Celebrity-Filled 4th of July Weekend (Photos)
t How to View the 'Blood Moon' Eclipse From DC Monday Night
m Dying Boy, 7, Finally Gets Life Saving Medicine From Shamed Drug Company
e The Next Great Coppola
t European Xbox team 'hit hard' by Microsoft cuts
e 'Breaking Bad' snags top drama Emmy
b Amazon Reports Profit Jump, Sees Heavy Spending Ahead
m Pregnancy-Related Diabetes Tied to Future Heart Risk
b Christine Lagarde Speaks to Marketplace's Kai Ryssdal
e Star Wars: A New Dawn Novel to Tie Into "Star Wars Rebels"
e Wu-Tang Clan Plans to Sell Only One Copy of Their Upcoming Album
t URGENT-Appeals court sides with Oracle in copyright suit vs. Google
e 'Guardians of the Galaxy' Is Going to Go Bonkers at the Box Office
b MtGox discovers $116 million worth of Bitcoins in old wallet
t NASA reports coolant loop problem at ISS
t Apple re-introduces iPad 4 as iPad 2 discontinued
e Nicki Minaj Make-Under At 2014 MTV Movie Awards: Rapper Shows Off Natural  ...
t John Podesta issues warning to GOP on climate regulations
e Sir Paul McCartney helps fans get engaged
e What happened when Maureen Dowd visited Denver?
t Moon Landing Anniversary: The Psychology of Space Travel for Returning  ...
b China real-estate market cools further
b Greenpeace loses $5.2 million on currency trading
b Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba picks United States for initial public offering
m Florida hospital workers placed in isolation as second MERS case confirmed
b Over 500 pro-democracy protesters arrested after Hong Kong rally
e 'Game of Thrones': Vote For Your Favorite Quote (Poll)
e 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' teaser trailer released - watch
t Six more minutes of Destiny gameplay leaks, prepare to drool
e Once Upon a Time's Ginnifer Goodwin & Josh Dallas: Married!
e Khloe Kardashian Begged Rob Kardashian Not To Leave Kimye Wedding
e The Bachelor Season 18, Episode 10: The Women Tell All, Juan Pablo 'Loves  ...
e 'Once Upon a Time' Finds 'Frozen's' Prince Hans
b China Premier Li says debt default problems not systemic risk
e A Guide To All Of The Men In The Kardashian Universe
e 'I'll Never Trust Dean': Tori Opens Up About Dean's Affair To Us Weekly
e Video: The Amazing Spider-Man performs some amazing Parkour moves!
t Dual-SIM Samsung Galaxy S5 Launches in China, Exclusive to China Telecom
e Morgan ends CNN show with gun-control plea
t Nest Labs kicks off developer program
b Twitter hires former Goldman Sachs exec as new CFO
t Koala shows it's cool to be a tree hugger
e Backstreet Boys star Nick Carter marries girlfriend Lauren Kitt
e Noah scores $1.1m South Korea launch
e WATCH: Beyonce's 2014 VMAs Performance [VIDEO]
t Netflix Agrees to Pay Verizon for Faster Network Access
b Two weeks of mystery: French data show possible debris from missing jetliner
b US seeks Credit Suisse to plead guilty in tax dispute
e 'Guardians Of The Galaxy' Reviews: Here's What The Critics Are Saying
t 'Chicken from hell' dinosaur made its home in Dakotas
t Novartis and Google to develop 'smart' contact lens
m Increased taxes prevent young people from smoking:
e 911 Memorial Open to Public
m 'Sexting' cited as high risk behavior in tweens and teens
b Newest Obama Admin Mandate: Corporate Tax Patriotism
e Palcohol - Powdered Alcohol - Approved For Sale in The US
e Candy, music ... and campaigning flood Cinco de Mayo parade
b Health Insurance Gains Pick Up
b Zacks Investment Ideas feature highlights: Exxon Mobil, BP, Royal Dutch Shell  ...
t TELUS: The New HTC One M8 Now Available!
b First Edition: March 18, 2014
e Beyoncé and Jay Z: All Smiles at Nets Game Post-Solange Fight
t Apple Officially Acquires Beats Music And Beats Electronics For $3 Billion
b Eurozone June Inflation Steady At 0.5%
e Cheeky Kickstarter effort to raise $10 for potato salad nets $10000
b Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos Pays Employees To Quit Like Zappos, Also Pays  ...
m Pro-Abortion Amanda Marcotte Trashes Pro-Lifers Concerned About the Ice  ...
e How to Master the 'Fargo' Accent in 7 Easy Steps
b Fannie's $5.3B Profit Doesn't Protect Taxpayers
b Body Slam! Wrestling's WWE Shares Down 43%
e Festival de Cannes
b Thailand shares radar data that may show twisting MH370 flight path
b Workers are trapped in slavery wages, says Vavi
e North West the star of the Kimye Vogue shoot
b It's on: Hillary Clinton agrees to Fox News interview
t Windows phone users finally get BBM
b ECB could buy private sector and sovereign assets - Noyer
e Police: Legendary star Mickey Rooney dies at 93
e What Does Khloe Kardashian Want From French Montana For Her Birthday?
b Burger King to buy Tim Hortons for $11bn
b German Exports to Russia May Shrink by One Quarter This Year – German  ...
b Forex Market: EUR/USD snaps three days of declines as investors confidence in  ...
b Michigan tourist returns stolen Hulk Hogan shoe
e Harrison Ford injured on Star Wars set
m NICE asks for more data on Sovaldi
e ABC: Josh Elliott leaving Good Morning America
t WhatsApp Adds Privacy Settings, Says Facebook Won't Change Its 'Values'
b Introducing Fire – by Amazon
e Alien: Isolation Offers Ellen Ripley Missions as Pre-Order Bonus
e Kiss Plays Nice, Ladies Salute Nirvana, The E Street Band Proves It All Night at  ...
e 'Glee' Season 6 Rumors: Chris Colfer Shockingly Announces Exit on Twitter but  ...
m Doctors cure woman's tumors with re-programmed measles virus
e Jenny McCarthy and Donnie Wahlberg Engaged; 11-Year-Old Son Evan Helped  ...
b Rebound in health care lifts market
e The Cripple of Inishmaan: Theater Review
e As key to immigration reform in the House, Speaker Boehner sends mixed signals
m Calling Girls Fat May Make Them Obese
e Holy Week at FCUCC, Zion United
e How do you spell 'obnoxious'?
t Apple WWDC 2014 : iOS 8, OS X Yosemite, and Inter-App Communication
e Led Zeppelin sued for allegedly stealing “Stairway To Heaven” riff
m Death toll in W.African Ebola outbreak rises to 518: WHO
m Special needs student gets into dream college
b Malaysia: Kazakhstan joins search for missing jet
e Miley Cyrus - Miley Cyrus hopes to resume tour on Friday
t China's Biggest Internet Company Baidu Wins US Censorship Lawsuit
t iPhone 6 Sapphire Glass Leaked and Tested
m Two Ala. Residents Contract Mosquito-Borne Virus
b Russia ordered to pay $50B over Yukos
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Zoom: Camera Phone Variant to be Announced as 'Galaxy  ...
t Best Android Phones [July 2014]
t Google Fiber Cities Potentially Receiving Wi-Fi Coverage
t Ten Arrested During Protest at Google HQ
e Tammy hits a few road movie speed bumps
e Home > Danny Boyle > Danny Boyle, Leonardo Dicaprio For Steve Jobs Movie?
b As he pushes for more authority, insurance commissioner says health premium  ...
b Alibaba to acquire stake in SingPost for $249mn
t HTC 'Volantis' Spotted: The 8.9-inch Device Rumored To Be The Next Google  ...
t LG G3 Launch Event About to Begin: All That You Need to Know
m Morning Break: Pregnancy Tests in Bars, Stroke Helmet
e Cats set to return to the West End this Christmas
t Samsung Gear 2 and Gear Fit Retail Pricing Confirmed
m 3 Biotech Companies That Look To Be Good Buys After A Pullback
b Capital One Earnings Rise -- 2nd Update
m Macklemore, Ryan Lewis launch HIV fundraising effort, reveal Lewis' mother is  ...
e Veteran rock star Neil Young to launch PonoPlayer on Kickstarter
e Ronnie Wood: L'Wren Scott Death 'Devastating'
m Low back pain is number 1 cause of disability worldwide
b Australia Shares End Flat as Buying Wanes; BHP Lends Support
m Triangle hospitals earn high safety scores
b AT&T closes in on DirecTV with $50 Billion deal
b Bill Jamieson: Mark Carney's rate rise carnage
t Video: Here's a look back at 22-years of Mario Kart in under 2-minutes
b Taxes Can Clobber Amazon's Sales, but That Doesn't Matter
t Apple Might Buy Beats Electronics for $3.2 Billion
t PC Market: Not Dead Yet, Gartner Says
e RISE AND GRIND! MORNING MUSIC NEWS: Lady Gaga Previews “GUY” Music  ...
m Half of Americans believe at least one medical conspiracy theory: survey
b Reynolds American's 2nd-quarter earnings exceed estimates
t Facebook Entering The Electronic Money Arena
m European liver specialists recommend `mix-and-match` approach to new  ...
t Galaxy S5 Experience app demos handset on compatible devices
t Iran denies Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg summoned to court
t Even the UK Loves the C2 Corvette Stingray
t Facebook will seek approval for $19 Billion WhatsApp deal
e “Eye Care” For You 4th Of “Jul-Eye” Safety Tips:
e Rape alleged at Keith Urban concert while onlookers videotaped
t Apple said to start building bigger iPads in early 2015
e Neil Patrick Harris curses at fan during Hedwig performance on Broadway
e Sherlock Season 4: Martin Freeman Reveals Show's Possible Return Date and  ...
b Now You Can 'Print' Your Own Makeup at Home
b A realignment of forces
t Facebook Says Paper Users Browse 80 Stories A Day, Updates It To Be A More  ...
b Royal Dutch Shell Plc's Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Investec (RDSB)
e Luna Park opens for the season to crowds seeking thrills at the Coney Island  ...
t Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA): New Details On The Gigafactory
e Morrissey treated in hospital after collapse
t Tim Cook: 'We want to leave the world better than we found it', Apple offers free  ...
e Shia LaBeouf Seeking Treatment for Alcoholism
t Court to rule on Japan's whale hunt
e Lady Gaga Celebrates 28th Birthday by Showing Off Naked Bod in Sheer Body  ...
t Obama Looks to Weathermen to Make Case on Climate Change
m Foster Farms recalls chicken tied to outbreak
b Gulf oil spill restoration projects include hotel, ferries, boat docks
m Feel all the feels by looking at this giraffe 'kiss' a dying cancer patient
e Madonna Shows Off Fabulously Bushy Armpits
t Air quality improves across US - are you breathing easy yet?
t Microsoft's selfie smartphone and high-end Windows Phone expected very soon
b State reachesTax Freedom Day
e Avril Lavigne Debuts Cute 'Hello Kitty' Music Video
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 to Feature an Eye Scanner
e Record shops: vinyl countdown or the start of a new groove?
e 'Guardians of the Galaxy' Movie Review – A New Marvel
b Bertha's long hibernation: Still hope for an on-time finish?
e Game Of Thrones Showrunners Talk Dany And Daario, Oberyn And Tyrion, Lysa  ...
b AGRIBUSINESS: First Look At USDA Reports
m Deadly smallpox vials discovered in lab storage room, CDC says
t Amazon debuts shopping-savvy Fire smartphone exclusive to AT&T
t First Possible Exomoon Spotted By Astronomers, But They Won't Ever See It Again
t A critical bug found at the core of the internet could be about to cause havoc  ...
e RIP, Massimo Vignelli—who had a great idea for the pope
e How to get Harrison Ford back on the set of Star Wars
m 'Eye-opening' number of Americans eligible for cholesterol drugs
m Senate hearing planned on Phoenix VA allegations - WNEM TV 5
e 'Sharknado 2' Did it Again
e messages from our religious leaders
t Apple may acquire Renesas' display chip unit
e Emma Watson, Jennifer Connelly and the 'Noah' cast face-off
t The quest for inhabited habitable planets
t After trip to space, cherry trees mysteriously blossom years ahead of schedule
m Experts debate reason for rise in autism diagnoses
t Swype, SwiftKey, and other 3rd-party keyboards coming to the iPhone and iPad
t City-killer asteroid odds higher: study
m Tuberculosis called a global threat
e Eurovision Song Contest: Best and Worst entries
b Fake IRS agents attempt to cash in on taxpayers
e Dawn of the Planet of the Apes Gets Patriotic in New TV Spot
e Hold Up! Are The Guardians of The Galaxy Calling Out The Avengers?
b Rigged Relations in the South China Sea
t NASA's global selfie mosaics thousands of photos from around the world
e Six Pilots Get Amazon Greenlight
e `Grown up` Selena Gomez `fires` parents as managers
t your eyes in the skies
e Tony Awards nominations: Neil Patrick Harris shortlisted for top Broadway prize
t What are the four things for Microsoft can do to take Windows to the next  ...
b New report reveals Google best company to work for
t Why Apple CarPlay and its competitors are the future of in-car tech
t New ventures will take time to bear fruit, says Facebook
e Eminem reunites with mom Debbie Mathers in new video Headlights
t Honda Issues Recall of Odyssey Minivan Due to Fire Risk
t Comet close call: boon for science, but worry for craft orbiting Mars
t So what do you think of self-driving cars?
e '22 Jump Street' is really funny, and there's great stuff in the art houses: movie  ...
b Yahoo's first quarter highlighted by Alibaba income, modest ad gains
e new Hobbit trailer
b Raymond James Lowers Tim Hortons to Market Perform (THI)
e Spike Lee “Updating” Debut Feature 'She's Gotta Have It' as TV Series for  ...
b Top court rejects bail plea of tycoon Subrata Roy
b Domestic demand lifts German economy in first quarter
b MARKET SNAPSHOT: US Stocks Drop Sharply On Rate-hike Fears
e Freddie Prinze Jr. slams Sutherland
e Outkast reunited for Coachella
t Apple Prepping 12.9-Inch iPad, Says Bloomberg
e Seth Rogen Snogs His 'Mum' At 2014 MTV Movie Awards!
b Citigroup Inc. (C) Is Sinking After Federal Reserve Rejects Capital Plan
b Bernanke now makes more money speaking to bankers than in one year as Fed  ...
e Members of STIC Take Ice-Bucket Challenge
e Pippa Middleton to pedal across America; Rik Mayall autopsy inconclusive  ...
e Pharrell Williams set to join The Voice in the US as a coach Musician and  ...
m Marijuana exposure could increase risk for heart problems in some
t More than a quarter of a million New Zealand computers still on XP: Microsoft
t General Motors To Officially Add Next-Gen Cadillac SRX, Engine Production To  ...
e 'Full House' returning to TV?
e True Blood Season 8 Premiere, Trailer? Nope, HBO Show is Over After Season  ...
b Jobless claims fall to lowest level in nearly seven years
e Finally! Beyoncé and Jay Z Share Wedding Video
m OAPs 'less prone to catching yawn'
b Draghi Comments Send European Stocks Higher
b Japan drugmaker Takeda says will fight $6.0 billion US damages order
b Fewer IRS Audits Again This Year
b US Jobless Claims at Lowest Since 2007
e 'Star Wars: Episode VII' Won't Use Any EU Nonsense
m Quick, simple blood test for solid cancers looks feasible
e Hollywood studios sue defunct website Megaupload for copyright infringement
b Murphy, Corker propose higher gas tax
b Carl Icahn, William Ackman may team up on activist investments: Wall Street  ...
e EXCLUSIVE! The Mystery Of Rihanna's Disappearing Instagram! What  ...
b Water main blowout not the first, or likely the last
m Another large study shows children should get shots, vaccines are safe
t Diablo 3 Auction House Closes
b BOJ sticks to recovery scenario, inflation target despite tax hike impact
e 10 Things to Love About Lupita
t Climate change intensifies risk of conflict, migration: IPCC report
t Gas prices higher than a week ago
t Apple's slow-selling iPhone 5C gets a trim at the halfway mark
e Adam Levine Is a Heartbreaking Rock Star in 'Begin Again' Trailer [VIDEO]
m A third of women might benefit from more frequent mammograms
m Flesh-Eating Bacteria Vibrio Vulnificus Found In Warm Florida Water (VIDEO)
t Windows 8.1 vs Windows 7 - Which is best for you?
m Wendy Orent: Forget MERS; focus on polio instead
b Advertisers Spend More Online than on TV for the First Time
b Microsoft Beats Earnings Estimates for Fiscal Q3; Surface Sales Hit $500 Milllion
m FDA announces RECALL of hummus & dip products; is YOUR favorite brand  ...
t May Camelopardalid Meteor Shower: May's New Stargazing Event Not  ...
e One Fan Spends $30000 to Look Like Kim Kardashian
b Everyone's Flagging One Warning From Janet Yellen's Testimony On The  ...
m Autism, Pollution, And Genital Malformations: The Missing Link
e Fact-checking Jon Favreau's 'Chef'; baristas at risk of repetitive stress disorder  ...
b Posted by Abdul Ahad
b The future has arrived 10:05am ET
t Facebook's Oculus Deal Scares Me, Too
e German art hoarder Gurlitt to return 1st looted work; more items discovered
t Our opinion: Climate change lemmings
b ECB expected to hold fire on interest rates
e It's Kissin' time with Paul Stanley at Barnes & Noble in New Springville
e Batman 'Gotham' TV Trailer Goes Online
t Scientists add new letters to genetic code of life
b Yellen has expert adviser close at hand
t Google Trekker maps West Country walks as Street View technology goes off road
t Amazon Announces The Fire Phone
b Crash Raises Questions About CTA's Automated Systems
t Lorenzo: No Way Out?
m Take Back Drugs
m Saudi Health Minister Fired Amid Surge in Deadly MERS Virus
e Miley's Bangerz Tour Bus Goes Up in Flames!
e Legendary radio personality Casey Kasem, 82, dead
m Study: Cervical cancer rates higher in older women than previously thought
e Chris Brown Calls Karrueche Tran From Jail, Thanks Fans For Support
t Climate change: 'We need to act now'
e Marvel's Ant-Man Loses Director Edgar Wright Over Artistic Differences
b US stocks drift lower at midday; Homebuilders sink
m iPad, other devices might be cause for rash
t Nissan Sentra Models To Be Investigated By NHTSA for Unwanted Acceleration
b GE Bids $17 Billion for Alstom Energy to Preempt Siemens
b Missing Malaysian plane news conference
e Dave Chappelle has an amazing Kanye West story
e Johnny Depp - Johnny Depp confirms engagement to Amber Heard
m Mosquitoes Test Positive for West Nile in Fulton Co.
t Climate change 'will increase hunger for world's poorest'
e 'Very Good Girls' Trailer: Elizabeth Olsen and Dakota Fanning Fall For The Same  ...
t Comcast, Time Warner Cable Have Most Dissatisfied Customers
b GDP growth is the same it's always been. That's the good and bad news.
b Vodafone confirms £6bn Ono deal
t Paris car drivers limited to alternate days
e Beyonce's Sister Solange Physically Attacks Jay-Z on an Elevator in Shocking  ...
t Gas prices in Maine and nation expected to increase at least into next month  ...
e Jessica Chastain Was Reportedly Offered A Lead Role In #TrueDetectiveSeason2
t Russia Postpones Launch of New Angara Rocket as Putin Watches
t Samsung Galaxy S5 to launch in 125 markets around world on Saturday
b Pfizer dumps Astra bid for now
t Graco Recalls 1.9 Million Infant Car Seats
b RBI hopes to soon offer new bank licences on tap
t Mozilla CEO's exit tests Silicon Valley's tolerance 0
e Katie Holmes in awe of 'spectacular' daughter
e Lady Gaga strips while reincarnating Jesus, Gandhi and MJ in new raunchy video
t Symantec Research On Adept Cyber-espionage Campaign
e 'Glee' bumped from Fox fall lineup
b Shanghai students continue strong showing in PISA
t ''We're sorry'' Facebook apologise after social network crashes leaving millions  ...
t Inspired by 18th-century contest, UK prize offers $17 million to solve key science  ...
e Final Divergent Book Allegiant Will Be Split Into Two Movies
m Longevity gene variant protects against Alzheimer's?
b Korea chat app, web portal to merge
e US Airways Apologises for Tweeting Pornographic Picture at Delayed Customer
b USD/JPY threatening the downside and key supporting areas
b Protesters will march against Monsanto in Tempe
t Chrome for Desktop gets Google Now notification support
b Advisory firm urges ouster of majority of Target board members over breach
t Amateur radio operators demonstrate emergency preparedness procedures this  ...
t LG to launch OLED TVs with ultra HD displays, continues to bet on OLED for  ...
t Deal: Samsung Gear Fit for $99.99
e The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back  ...
e Emma Stone Destroys Jimmy Fallon in Lip Sync Battle on Tonight Show: Watch  ...
b New BlackBerry phones to cater to keyboard aficionados: CEO
e New 'Winds of Winter' Excerpt from George RR Martin Released
t Earth-Sized Planet Orbits In Habitable Zone; Finding Brings Us Closer To Aliens  ...
e Jimmy Kimmel Takes Epic Selfie with the Clinton Family!
e 'It's very amicable between them' Chris Martin's father opens up about marriage  ...
e All the Running Gags We Want to See on the How I Met Your Mother Finale
e 'The Voice' Finale Live Blog! Who Is the Season 6 Winner?
m Raising tax on cigarettes would aid quitters
t Hackers Could 'Advertise' on the Internet of Things
e Rumours of AC/DC split spread, but band stay silent
e Taylor Swift Is Now a 'Wall Street Journal' Columnist
m Chimerix says it will give Josh Hardy drug that could save life
t Apple seeks to regain cool with $3B Beats buy
e 19 Ideas For A Healthier Easter Basket
e Top moments from the star-studded 'Chelsea Lately' finale
e A Few Day After their Breakup, Lana del Rey's Ex Claims they are Still Together
b Nigeria becomes Africa's largest economy – get the data
e Wherever you spend Easter, Christ is risen indeed
e Sore Loser Ice Cube Insists His 'We Was Robbed' Whine About Losing Out On  ...
t ARM, Intel invading each other's chip markets
e Miss Nevada Nia Sanchez crowned as 63rd Miss USA - KOAM TV 7
t Netflix Chief Hastings: Comcast and Other Internet Providers Should Give Us  ...
b Australia takes up southern search for plane
e Lorde Comes Face-To-Face With 'Royals' Muse
t T-Mobile Scammed Customers for Millions, FTC Says
m Georgia Association for Home Health Agencies commends Tom Price on  ...
t Google Inc (GOOG): Vic Gundotra is leaving the company
b Traveling? Labor Day gas prices expected at 4-year low
b Full Recap: Daniel Bryan Injury Update and Bo Dallas Interruption on WWE  ...
b Orbital Sciences Corporation + Alliant Techsystems Inc. (ATK)—Major Merger  ...
t Google Adds Pokemon To Google Maps (No, Really!) [Video]
e AMC Green Lights THE WALKING DEAD Spin-Off Series
m Test gives doctors time to predict Alzheimer's
t Apple quietly upgrades Macbook Air while lowering its price
e Tony Soprano's Fate in 'The Sopranos' Finale is TV's Most Over-Analyzed Mystery
t Elon Musk's Assault On Batteries Relies On A Big Gamble
b US Stocks mostly lower after latest record high
b THURSDAY MARKET CLOSE: Rolls-Royce windfall powers market
b New £1 Coin Unveiled
t Super Moon(s) and Space Launch
b BNP Paribas pleads guilty to record $8.9bn fine
e 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' unearths $100M at box office
b World bond prices surge into ECB meeting
e Rolling Stones back on stage in Oslo
b Twitter more than doubles sales, still can't turn a profit
b Dozens arrested in fast food workers protest outside McDonald's - WSFA.com  ...
e What it's like to write 'Guardians of the Galaxy'
b A 'Safe' Bet On Volatility Revisited
t Fed up IBMers protest in France over working conditions
t Pixies Soundtrack “Gigantic” iPhone Commercial
e Megan Fox in Cosmo: Ellen DeGeneres is Sexy!
b Spot Gold Gains As Ukraine Tensions Attract Investors
t Titanfall Released in North America, New Video Available
b Amazon 3D Interface Smartphone Roundup: What we Know so Far
t Microsoft's Office for iPad Shakes Up Mobile Enterprise
t Watch Dogs reviews roll in
b Budget 2014: George Osborne to announce new £1 coin
b Target faces identity crisis
t Speed Bumps
b NiSource Receives Ethics Award for Third Consecutive Year
b Postal Service Loses $1.9 Billion in Q2
b GM Criminal Probe of Recalls Complicates Barra Turnaround
e Why Selena Gomez Unfollowed Everyone On Instagram
b MH370 Lost in Indian Ocean: India gets full support from Malaysia
t Nokia X Platform Ceased While Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella Confirms 18000  ...
e Wedding Party Falls In Lake As Jetty Collapses
m Ebola outbreak prompts changes in Ivory Coast cuisine
t Google building a self-driving car with no steering wheel or pedals
m Broomfield officials: West Nile means bug spray is a must-have
t Mars Rover 1
b Target's CEO exits
e Mad Men Music Supervisor Alexandra Patsavas Interview – Flavorwire
t Apple Earnings Preview: Lackluster Top Line Expected
t Apple's gesture-based unlocking tech channels Android's pattern lock screen
e Eric Hill, 'Bachelorette' contestant, dies in paragliding accident
t The FCC Must Ignore the Silly 'Net Neutrality' Advocates
b Inmarsat touts free flight tracking service
b Kaepernick: Thanks for Support, But I Didn't Do It!
e 'Oculus' review: Haunted-mirror story revisits old-time horror
t More proof that climate change is ruining seafood for everyone
t Sony to Sell PlayStations in China through Joint Ventures
t World's fastest robot can reach up to 45 mph
e Mighty Morphin Power Rangers Is Getting A New Live-Action Movie
b China's value-added industrial output up 8.6% in Jan-Feb
b Etihad Airways buys 49% stake in Alitalia
e Hollywood Playbook: Tuesday's Top 5 News Items
t ELECTIONS 2014: Locations of polling stations in Hartlepool
b BMO says fixed rates may be better choice
e Canadian Beiber made condescending remarks at police
t NASA's IRIS observatory catches massive solar eruption in crystal-clear resolution
b Investors Are Closely Monitoring Pimco After Internal Strife
m Less exercise, not more calories, responsible for expanding waistlines
b BofA Clears Another Major Hurdle With $9.3B Mortgage Settlement
e Woman shocked by social media response to big game hunting photos
e Feuding Beyonce and Rachel Roy Could Ruin Kim Kardashian's Wedding
m E-cigarettes sale to be banned to US minors
b Dubai consumer inflation reaches 2.76% in May
e Jay Z Target of Extortion Plot Over Master Recordings
m Elderly man identified following Caddo Lake drowning
b Australian PM very confident signals are from MH370
b China Exports Up 0.9%
e Mila Kunis Tries To Hide Her Baby Bump Against Channing Tatum
e TI and Floyd Mayweather Box It Out In Vegas Brawl!
t Apple updates iWork apps for iOS with stability improvements and bug fixes
t If the Stakeholders Already Control the Internet, Why NETmundial and the IANA  ...
e Idols don't deserve our sympathy
t Top 5 trending Florida stories
b Great Graphic: Bumper US Crop Frustrates Europe
b Vietnam Stocks Head For Worst Drop Since 2001 Amid China Tension
e Kasem was island of calm in swirl of pop music
b The TRUCK that can drive itself: Mercedes shows off self driving system for  ...
e Barack and Michelle Obama pen letter of tribute to house music pioneer Frankie  ...
e What It's Like to Try to Bake Like Wes Anderson
b California drought losses could surpass $800 million
m Michael Schumacher's wife puts on brave face during first public appearance  ...
e Tony Bennett designed Lady Gaga's new tattoo
b Summary of Monday's actions by Supreme Court
e Celebrity couple Kanye West and Kim Kardashian tie the knot in lavish Florence  ...
t Noriega Sues Activision For Appearance Two Call of Dutys Ago
t Google I/O 2014: Your watch and your car are talking about you
b Coca-Cola shows signs of rebound as 1Q sales pick up
e Transformers woo China as Michael Bay defies critics with box office hit
b New Zealand dollar falls on US rate hike speculation
b Lennar Enters Oversold Territory (LEN)
m Mono mono: Twins with rare disease born holding hands in Ohio
e Man ARRESTED For Threatening Michael Strahan With a Knife At 'GMA'
t Windows Phone 8.1 Nokia Lumia 635 hits T-Mobile and MetroPCS this month
e Jada Pinkett Smith Slams 'Sexual' Willow And Moises Arias Claims: 'You're  ...
t GM Drivers Say Defect More Widespread Than Thought
m Gilead Hep C Combo Gets Breakthrough Therapy Status, Priority Review from FDA
m Parents declare new charter for autistic kids
t Scientists: Biggest-Ever Bird Had Massive 20-Foot Wingspan
e Ringo Had Secret Star Power and 7 Other Things You Didn't Know About 'A  ...
m CMS (Centers of Medicare and Medicaid Services) Publicly Releases Medicare  ...
e Mila Kunis fuels pregnancy rumours as she hides her frame in baggy sweater  ...
t Problems with new cars on the rise: JD Power
t Facebook To Punish Pages That Ask For Likes And Shares
e Hilary Duff Talks Music, Marriage and Motherhood
e Kim Kardashian Shows Off Her Bra In Sheer Blouse And Reveals She's Picked  ...
e Justin Bieber sorry for racist joke
e Emmys 2014: 'Breaking Bad,' 'Modern Family' dominate
e Juan Pablo Galavis: Did He Back Out of Nikki Ferrell Proposal at the Last Minute?
e Police find Miley Cyrus' stolen Maserati, undamaged
m Egyptian military backtracks on Aids cure claims
b Does Office for iPad say something new about Microsoft?
b Time Inc To Go Public On June 6
e Five Seasons, No Movie: NBC Drops Community
e FUBU Feminism: 'Veronica Mars' Could Change Hollywood's Gender Status Quo
m BMH to host colon cancer awareness event
m Patients will be 1st in US with Ebola
t Apple Announces Faster, Cheaper MacBook Air; Partners Approve
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Put Off Having Second Baby Amid Constant  ...
t NASA to launch carbon dioxide monitoring satellite today
e Kate Middleton Kneels Down To Talk With Children During A School Visit
t Issues With iPhone 6's Chassis Might Lead To Delayed Shipments And/Or Low  ...
b Tyson Foods' 2Q Profit Up 124 Percent, A Record
t Chevrolet recalls every Camaro built since 2010 for ignition switch defect
b Banks hoarding cash ahead of ECB stress tests
e Neil Patrick Harris bares all for Rolling Stone and talks about how coming out  ...
e Kim Kardashian shares wedding pics (+PHOTOS)
b Twitter stock up 20% as company doubles revenue
t Install Official N7100XXUENC3 Android 4.3 Firmware on Galaxy Note 2
b S&P 500 Trades Above 2000 for First Time
m Pesky pig that scared kids on Maine trail captured
b Bank of America Mortgage Rates Unchanged Today Jul 6, 2014
t Frogs in a Warming Climate Pot: Let's Jump Out Now Before We 'Croak'
e Kate Upton pranked by 'The Other Woman' costars while she slept
m Egypt probing suspected MERS death
e Lana Del Rey Splits from Barrie-James O'Neill
t Logitech announces Type-S keyboard case for Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5
t Lawsuits contend GM hasn't recalled all defective Cobalts
e trial of singer Chris Brown to start Monday; judge delays verdict in bodyguard's trial
b General Motors is recalling more than 1.5 million additional vehicles
m Being underweight puts people at high risk of death, study shows
m Diet Soda Drinkers Lose More Weight
e Game of Thrones season 4 episode 2 kills off major character
e On the scene at Coachella day two: Pharrell, Skrillex, Muse, Lorde -- and a  ...
e The tale of two kinds of tailoring: Couture gets the headlines, but cruise  ...
m California Mother Gives Birth To Healthy Baby Boy While In Coma
t FTC Sues T&Mobile For Billing "Hundreds Of Millions" In Unauthorized Charges
e Internet outrage watch: Everyone thinks Macklemore is a racist/anti-semite  ...
e David Furnish confirms he will marry Elton John in May
t Dirt-cheap Google Nexus smartphone to launch this year with MediaTek chip?
m Once again, US has most expensive, least effective health care system in survey
e Amazon launches "Prime Music" streaming service
b Philip Morris Says to End Australian Cigarette Manufacturing
m COA States "CMS Release Of Medicare Claims Data Misleading, Confusing  ...
m Dirty money: thousands of disease-spreading microbes live on our cash
t Business news
b Coldwater Creek files bankruptcy will wind down operations including Holyoke  ...
e Amazon Streams HBO Shows for Prime Members
m Health Plan Rate Increases Likely
e It's Official: Chris Soules Is the Next 'Bachelor'
e Jon Hamm finds sexy tag 'silly'
m Pistorius trial: Experts find no sign of mental illness
b One more reason not to spend your bitcoin
e CBS comedy 'How I Met Your Mother' ends
e Danica McKellar Engaged: 'DWTS' Star Says Yes To Scott Sveslosky
t Australia, activists hail verdict on Japan's whaling hunt
b Microsoft loses consumerization champion with Tony Bates resignation
b Another Trading Day Without Significant Volume Up or Down
b Darden Restaurants, Inc. (NYSE:DRI) Cuts out Red Lobster from Portfolio In  ...
t Govt agencies, banking sector most exposed to Microsoft browser in India
b Oil prices stable on lacklustre US economic data
t Oracle to purchase Micros Systems for $5.3 billion
b GM under criminal investigation
t Tablet Face off – Apple iPad Air vs Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1
t Galaxy Tab S range in India: Is this the iPad-killer Samsung has been looking for?
b Near-collision of two jets in Barcelona caught on video
t Blood Moon Aftermath: Kiwis in Awe of Reddish Moon; Sparks 'Rapture' Debate  ...
m Study: Warren County smoking rates high but falling
b TIAA-CREF to buy Nuveen Investments
b China: 20% of farmland 'poisoned by toxic metals'
t VIDEO: Why Facebook just gave Zambia free internet
b Obama administration seeks 30% cut in power plant carbon emissions
m Now, a Blood Test Can Predict the Onset of Alzheimer's Well in Advance
e Ben Affleck & Jennifer Garner Crash Kid's Superman-Themed Birthday Party  ...
t Apple Will Replace Some iPhone 5 Batteries Due To Shortened Life
t Allentown 'Burger King Baby,' now 27, says she's found her birth mother
t Facebook Eyes Using Drones to Deliver Internet
e Fit Jessica Simpson dons swimsuit after 70-lb weight loss on low-carb diet
b French President Meeting with GE, Siemens CEOs
e Lee Marshall, the man behind Tony the Tiger has died
e 'Sopranos' Creator Reveals Whether Tony Soprano Was Killed
b Pound trades at nearly 5-year high
t BeoVision Avant: The £6000 TV from Bang & Olufsen That Moves Remotely
e Brad Pitt's Attacker Speaks! This Interview With The Red Carpet Crashing  ...
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's wedding kicks off with Lana Del Rey  ...
t Curtains to come down on Windows XP today
e Re-District 13: 'Brick Mansions'
b China Q1 economic growth slows to 7.4 pct
t World's Largest Flying Bird Was as Big as Some Aircraft
e 'Mad Men' Posts Lowest Ratings for Season Premiere Since 2008
e Rob Kardashian Still Not Speaking with Khloe and Kim Kardashian, Therapist  ...
b GM to invest $12 bln in China and plans more plants
t Mercedes B-Class Electric Drive priced in the BMW i3 range in the US
e Pat Patterson WWE Legend Comes Out As Gay In Emotional Announcement  ...
e HGTV flips out over Benham brothers report
e Garth Brooks warns Irish fans 'it's five shows or none at all' after Croke Park  ...
e Drew Barrymore gives birth to baby girl Actress DREW BARRYMORE has given  ...
t Microsoft will unveil Office for iPad later this month
e Jennifer Lopez drops the F-bomb on 'American Idol'
b URGENT-Tyson sees pork production down as much as 4 pct this year
e Ray J To Gift Sex Tape Co-Star Kim Kardashian With Proceeds From XXX Video  ...
e 'Glee' 100th Episode, By The Numbers
b Ronald McDonald Gets a Fashion Makeover from McDonald's
t Google Glass becomes your personal translator with Word Lens acquisition
e Lupita Nyong'o's "Disco" Eyes at MTV Movie Awards 2014: Copy Her Look!
b Missing Malaysia Airlines plane: World's best jets fly in to join MH370 search in  ...
b BlackBerry posts $423 million fourth-quarter loss
m Diabetes cases increase nationwide, costing Americans billions o - CBS 3  ...
b BlackRock Q1 Profit Beats Estimates - Quick Facts
b Toyota moving US HQ, and 3000 jobs, from California to Texas
m Nigerian Government raises alert on Ebola virus
m Paramedic dances wildly to Rihanna song while driving ambulance, makes  ...
e Box Office Guru Wrapup: Transformers Leads Sluggish Holiday Frame
b Candy Crush maker King Digital's IPO raises $500M, values company at $7.1B
m Sen. Claire McCaskill calls out TV's 'Dr. Oz' for promoting shoddy diet products
b Amazon is buying digital comic provider Comixology, which makes a lot of sense
b Supreme Court sets back global warming fight
e Tupac Shakur's last words: Top 10 famous farewells from Mozart to Malcolm X
m Australia's AIDS Conference Attendees Among the Passengers of Downed  ...
m Editorial: In Dr. Brantly, a courageous fight against Ebola
b Stocks edge higher in early trade; Tiffany gains
e 'The Bachelor' Season 18 Finale: Juan Pablo Galavis Picks Nikki Ferrell; Was It  ...
b McDonald's offers free coffee for breakfasters March 31 to April 13
e Easter week services planned
e 'True Blood' Series Finale Recap: 'Thank You'
m Report: Pancreatic cancer second most deadly by 2030
t Twitter Lets You Add 4 Photos to Tweets, Tag Anyone in Them
b EMC Q1 profit down, cuts 2014 profit View; hikes dividend – Quick Facts
t Google Inc. (GOOG) Is Worst Affected From The Heartbleed Bug: Change Your  ...
m Scientists warn of dengue fever risk in Brazil
m ACP Recommends Against Pelvic Screening in Adult Women
e [WATCH] Jimmy Fallon, Heidi Klum: 'Tonight Show' Host Peeks Up 'America's  ...
t The Self-Fulfilling Prophecy of Fatalistic Climate Rhetoric
m Melasma: What to do?
m Older sperm donors 'just as good', Study
t VIDEO: Apple And Samsung Remain Dominant
b Recall expenses drag down GM profits
t Try on Dummy Google Glass for $50
t With Facelock, never forget your password again
e Photos: Is 'Bachelor' Juan Pablo a jerk or just misunderstood?
e The Grammy winners performed two dozen tracks as they celebrated 20 years in  ...
b The hunt for MH370: which theories are plausible, and which don't add up?
e 'Piers Morgan Live' Prepares to Sign Off
e North West Mean Mugs The Camera In This New Kimye Wedding Photo: 'Can't I  ...
b Punitive operation, mounting chaos to overshadow Ukrainian presidential  ...
e Movie review: 'How to Train Your Dragon 2'
t PHOTOS: Total Lunar Eclipse Reveals 'Blood Moon' Over SoCal
t Full “Supermoon” for the Weekend
e The 2014 VMAs Were Proof That Girls Really Do Run the World
t BlackBerry and Google work on Heartbleed fix to protect users
e 'Dancing With The Stars' Winners Meryl Davis And Maksim Chmerkovskiy Talk  ...
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West May Have Second Baby Soon; Kris Jenner Greets  ...
t Netflix calls for strong net neutrality to fend off OTT shake down
e The Shield's Michael Jace Pleads Not Guilty to Killing His Wife
b Photo and production companies begin petitioning FAA to use drones in US  ...
e Paul Walker Crash Caused By 'Unsafe Speed'
m US health chief warns Liberia Ebola crisis 'will get worse'
e Today in Toronto: Dutch Dreams Free Ice Cream, Cinco de Mayo, Stay What You  ...
e Draft of Bob Dylan's 'Like A Rolling Stone' breaks record for most expensive lyric  ...
b GLOBAL MARKETS-Wall St gets post-selloff bounce; dollar and euro sag vs yen
m Mississippi investigates possible case of chikungunya, a mosquito-borne virus
e Brad Pitt - UKrainian Prankster Apologises For Red Carpet Stunts
e Jason Biggs Takes a Dig at Tara Reid's Body
e Pregnant Mila Kunis Makes First Red Carpet Appearance Since Baby News
e Jenny Lewis, Voyager, review: 'lush'
b US auto sales expected to rise 2 percent in March, but Chrysler sees bigger gains
e Golf-US Open second round leaderboard
e 'The Bachelorette' Season 10 (2014) Week/Episode 2 Spoilers Revealed: Andi  ...
m SSRI's Prescribed in First Trimester Increases Risk of Autism in Boys
t Nokia opens a new chapter as it closes Microsoft deal
t T-Mobile To Sell All New HTC One Starting Midnight On Wednesday?
e Exclusive: Why Nigel Barker Says Anna Wintour Knows What She's Doing With  ...
e GUEST EDITORIAL: Easter: A love that never quits
e Rapper cuts off own penis, jumps from North Hollywood building, police say
m Steroid Injection for Chronic Back has Little Benefit; Study Finds
t Apple, IBM team up
t Microsoft Setting Up For Its Biggest Layoffs Ever
b McDonald's Loses Big Labor Ruling
e Chad Kroeger Gives Avril Lavigne a 17-Carat Wedding Anniversary Ring
e Media tries to fry 'Duck Dynasty' star for Easter sermon: He meant what he said  ...
e Movie review: '22 Jump Street'
m Study says coffee is good for your eyes
m “Simple” blood test to predict if you'll be alive in 5 years? Please….
m Ebola unlikely to hit UK, says expert who discovered virus
b Saturday Papers: US politicians join Pfizer scrutiny
e Sorry, Powdered Alcohol Not Approved After All
e Zara Pulls T-Shirt Resembling Holocaust Uniform
e Will Hayden's 'Sons Of Guns' show cancelled due to child rape charges
e UPDATE 2-Actor George Clooney slams UK story about his future marriage
e Miley Cyrus Hospitalized for Severe Allergic Reaction
t Cosmic Bulletins: Two Major Discoveries Rock Science
e Gareth Edwards says 'now the pressure is on' ahead of directing 'Star Wars' movie
t Some Wonder Why Facebook Paid $2B for Maker of Headsets
t Antarctic Glaciers Begin Unstoppable Meltdown, Results In Rising Sea Levels
m Malaysia Plane Crash Victims Included About 100 AIDS Conference Attendees  ...
m Mental illnesses cut 10 to 20 years of life
t Can Netflix Keep Growing?
b IRS awards bonuses to 1150 who owe back taxes
t 'Heartbleed' bug has computer users on edge
b Will Credit Suisse crackdown lead to more bank prosecutions?
b American Express Slips As Q1 EPS Beats, Rev Light
e Ryan Gosling, how could you ruin The Notebook and break our teenage hearts?
e 'Divergent' tops box office with $56 million
e 'Neighbors' review: Seth Rogen, Zac Efron keep lazy comedy alive
b Former Treasury Chiefs Agree: Get the SEC Into the Climate Mix4:22 PM ET
e Evil Disney Queen Angelina Jolie Was Just Honored By England's REAL Queen  ...
t Apple demands more than $2 billion from Samsung for patent infringement
e (Not quite) Friday Feature: 'The Fault in Our Stars' review
m Factbox: Using the data on Medicare's payments to doctors
b US retail sales increase by strong 1.1 percent in March on gains in automobiles  ...
t Apple Inc. (AAPL) is rumored to be acquiring Swell for $30 million
t Facebook Kills Off Apps Poke and Camera
b Sprint, T-Mobile Agree On Initial Terms Of $32B Merger
b Late Trading Extends Friday Stock Losses
b Report: Sprint Close to Purchasing T-Mobile US, Deal to be Announced in July
b US stocks fall as technology slump continues
b Japan only major advanced economy to have IMF's growth estimate cut
t Samsung's Graphene Research Leads To Flexible Devices And More
b Bad News Barrett pulled from WWE Money in the Bank match?
b Amazon.com Inc.'s share price down, pays a total of 1.68 million dollars to CEO  ...
t Flappy Bird developer considers reissue with disclaimer
b Morgan Stanley Comments On Playing The Triple Net REIT Space
e Anti-hunting activists outraged by Texas Tech cheerleader's hunting photos
t Microsoft's new tablet has functions of a laptop
b With insurance enrollment closed for most, what's next?
e AFP Depp trades 'clown nose' for serious 'Transcendence'
t Gas prices edge upward, and more hikes likely
m If your friends feel like family, there`s a good reason for it
b Zebra in $3.45 bil purchase bid
b GBP/USD steady ahead of release of Fed minutes
t Apple preparing to launch new smartphone platform
e Miranda Lambert Tackles Tabloid 'Craziness' In New Song 'Priscilla'
t US accuses T-Mobile of 'cramming' bills
b Several factors driving stock markets toward new milestones
m Deadly Ebola Outbreak Spreading in Guinea
t LG brags about slim bezels on G3 in new teaser video
e Julia Roberts has a ball on US chat show as star shows her funny side
e In Defense of Adam Richman
t New iPhone 6 screens to enter production as early as May: sources
b Mortgage Rates Today: Citizens Bank, Commerce Mar 17
m Polluted air linked to 7 million deaths in 2012 - WHO
b Microsoft's Nadella Announces Cloud Strategy, Office For iPad, Mobile
e Kim Kardashian Is In 'Extreme Dieting Mode' To Get Ready For Her Wedding  ...
e SNEAK PREVIEW: Movies opening this week
b Judge Says J.C. Penney Interfered With Macy's/Martha Stewart Omnimedia  ...
b Candy Crusher Maker King Sets IPO Valuation As High As $7.6 Billion
e 'The Good Wife' season 5, episode 16 reaction: Alicia tries to move on from Will
e Christina Aguilera and Fiancé Expecting Baby Girl!
e Kim Kardashian Accidentally Flashes Her Knickers As Lanvin Gown Falls Apart  ...
b Gold's rebound to peter out in second half on growth recovery - Reuters Poll
t Augment your reality: Google Glass to go on sale Tuesday (only)
e THOR: Let's hear it for the Girls!
t Microsoft brings Office to iPad, makes iPhone version free to all [Updated]
e Just Blaze Blasts Chauncey Mahan, Producer Who Allegedly Tried To Extort Jay Z
e Before The Wedding, Kim And Kanye Finish Up "Friendly" Prenup Negotiations
e Godzilla wrecks competition at US box office
e The Voice 2014 Final Live Stream, Winner Announced: How to Watch Season 6  ...
b United Tech's Sikorsky Wins $1.3B US Helicopter Deal
b Road worker killed in fall from partial bridge collapse over 91 Freeway in Riverside
b How to get thousands of dollars in mortgage relief from Citigroup
t Activision Blizzard Q1 Adj. Profit Beats Estimate; - Quick Facts
t Nasa's moon-orbiting robot crashes down as planned
b US Lawmakers Call Chinese Actions In South
e Justin Bieber Shares Amazing Video of 'Rabbi' Tom Hanks Dancing at Wedding
b China statistics bureau - first-quarter GDP growth still within targeted range
b Consumer Stocks Mixed Today; J.C. Penny Extends Advance After Upgrade, Jos  ...
b Laggardly Dow crosses 17000 milestone
e Found: The Exact Swimsuit Lady Gaga Wears in Her 'G.U.Y.' Video
e Angelina Jolie Spreads Her Wings In New 'Maleficent' Poster
e Eric Garcetti Swears on Live TV: LA Mayor Drops F-Bomb at Kings Rally
e 20 Strangers Kiss For The First Time - Video
t GM to Issue Another Recall; 6.1 Million Vehicles Now Implicated
e George Clooney and Amal Alamuddin Celebrate Engagement at Malibu Party
b Reports: Medtronic, : Minneapolis-based medical-device make
e Young Jeezy Arrested For Gun Possession
b MARKET SNAPSHOT: US Stocks Eke Out Small Gains
m Cochrane review questions benefit of Tamiflu
e Kim Kardashian reveals having North has made her realise racism is still a  ...
t Microsoft doubles sales with low-price console package
e Singer McCartney expected to make full recovery from illness
e Why We Aren't Showing You Matt Damon's Ice Bucket Challenge
m Ebola Alert: All ports of entry to SA being monitored
b Crisil sees no room for rate cut on stick core inflation
m 3D imaging detects more breast cancer than mammography
e Watch Drake Sing 'Let It Go' As Boxer Manny Pacquiao
b Indian drug maker Sun to buy troubled peer Ranbaxy for $4.0bn
t Daimler and Nissan to invest $1.36 bn to build premium small cars
b Stocks set for quarterly gains, yen at five-week high
t Watch Dogs review: Meet the new open world game, same as the old open  ...
b JPMorgan Chase Throws Detroit a Lifeline
b BNP Said Close to $9 Billion Sanctions Accord With US
e Tori Spelling and Dean McDermott (Bang)
b Amid good financial report, Chipotle plans first price increases in three years
e Daniel Radcliffe unlikely to reprise 'Harry Potter' role
e Pink Floyd to Release New Album in October Says David Gilmour's Wife
m Breitling Supports Autism Awareness Month with Promotion
t Huge femur in Argentina could be biggest dino yet
e 20 curiosities to chase on Record Store Day
t Moon walk: Humankind celebrates 45 years since 1st steps on Moon
m Cocaine Use Drops, Marijuana Consumption Gets Higher
e Watch 24 Live Another Day Online Free: Livestream Fox For Jack Bauer's  ...
t New camera specialized-smartphone Samsung brings focus to Galaxy K zoom
e Celebrating the passion and death of Christ
e KIM KARDASHIAN has vowed to use her celebrity status to tackle discrimination  ...
m A few simple changes can cut the risk of getting cancer
m Some Good News for the E-Cig Industry: Vaping Can Help Smokers Quit
e Through the Years: A Look Back at Beyoncé's Evolution
e Stones leave mark on naked Crowe
b Bitcoin Software Modified To Make Sure Mt. Gox Doesnt Happen Again
t MLB 14 The Show PS4 Trailer Shows Improved Lighting and More
b Statement by the White House Press Secretary on Blocking of Twitter in Turkey
b Bank Of America (BAC) Posts Loss As Litigation Charges Weigh
m Medicare Demonstration Will Measure Quality of Life when Comfort and Curative  ...
e Kim Kardashian And Kanye West Refuse To Pay $20K Honeymoon Tab
m HIV-positive people with early-stage cancer up to four times more likely to go  ...
t Galaxy S5 durable, iPhone 5S has edge: study
b Fed Rejects Citi's Capital Plan
e Miley Cyrus Bangerz Tour 2014: Twerking 'Adore You' Singer Admits She's a  ...
t Apple's $30 million Swell acquisition could be big for iTunes Radio
b Greenback closes lower on Taipei forex on US Fed expectations
b Draghi Says Rate Cut and QE Are ECB Options to Fight Deflation
e Erykah Badu awkwardly crashes TV news liveshot by trying to kiss reporter
e 'American Idol' Recap: Top 11 Contestants Tackle Movie Night
b Gas prices rise for hiday
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Gets A Butt-job!
m One in Every 20 Adults Is Misdiagnosed in Outpatient Clinics Every Year
b US economy back on track with a strong Q2 rebound
b Euro endures weekly losses against greenback
b JOHNSON, CRAPO ANNOUNCE AGREEMENT ON HOUSING FINANCE  ...
b Forex - Euro falls to 1-week lows vs dollar after NFP, ECB
b Williams Seeks Control of Access Midstream for $3 Billion
b Dollar slips after Fed more dovish than expected
e Zendaya Pulls Out Of Aaliyah Biopic: 'If She Is Going To Do It, She Wants To Do  ...
e Police say man shot at Detroit's Cinco de Mayo parade dies at hospital; 24-year  ...
m Michael Schumacher's stolen medical data offered for sale: Report
b Port Authority to revisit role in 3 World Trade Center rebuilding
e Jennifer Aniston Hits Back at Ageism in Hollywood, Reveals Beauty Secrets
e 'Muppets Most Wanted's' Cast Gets Dressed by Brooks Brothers
b Planes almost collided in mid-air, feds say
b Japan March current account surplus less than expected 116.4 bln yen
t Microsoft CEO pivots sharply with 18K job cut
e Michelle Obama: Inability of Vets to Find Jobs Is 'Unacceptable'
b Missing Plane: Objects Seen In New Search Area
e Nicki Minaj squeezed into LBD for risqué VMAs performance 'knowing it didn't fit  ...
e 22 Jump Street tames Dragon at US box office
b BNP Paribas settlement to come next week: source
b Aussies investigate if objects are plane debris
m Study to examine effect mobile phone use on children
e Rosie O'Donnell explains Lindsay Lohan 'tragedy' comment
t How Apple Will Transform Pharma: Are We Ready?
e How does she breathe in that? Kim Kardashian steps out in a VERY clingy white  ...
t Your 2014 April Fool's Day Prank Spoiler
e Transformers: Age of Extinction retains global box office leadership
e 'Heaven Is For Real' Movie Reviews by Ray Comfort, John Piper
e TV review: 'Fargo' takes its source material in a promising new direction
e Ariana Grande Announces New Album 'My Everything' Due August 25
e Ben Affleck and Rosamund Pike star in the first Gone Girl trailer
m WHO: Air pollution caused one in eight deaths
t I want the Gear Fit, but not the Galaxy S5
m 2-year-old amputee learns to walk, exclaims, 'I got it!'
e Springsteen, Nicks to salute 2014 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductees
e Movies in a Minute: 'Transcendence' & 'Heaven Is for Real'
t Meet Soundhawk: The Tiny Device That Gives You Bionic Hearing
b Bank of America calls off dividend increase, suspends capital plan after error
t Apple Posts Solid Gains On Share Repurchases And iPhone Sales
t OnePlus One: Android smartphone with flagship-worthy specs, but affordable price
e Car backs through Washington restaurant drive-thru
t 'Pattern' of problems seen in GM cars, but regulators declined to act
e 'Guardians of the Galaxy' blasts Marvel in a different direction on the big screen
t iPhone 6 killer arrives early
b Stocks drop for 2nd day on jitters over earnings, tech rout; Nasdaq down for 3rd  ...
b Sony E3 2014 press conference slated for June 9
e Smit-McPhee still a film fan at heart
b Hewlett-Packard may cut upto 16000 jobs
b Wisconsin's Unemployment Rate Drops Below 6 Percent
t Google Inc (GOOG) news: Google Glass Just Got More Attractive
e Justin Bieber Attempted Robbery Investigation -- DA Rejects Case ... No Evidence
b Alibaba Lists on New York Stock Exchange for IPO
b Samsung Elec says Q2 profit likely down 24.5%, worst in two years
e Cyrus tour gets mixed response
e The Indian Rice Bucket Challenge Gaining Momentum
t Earnings and Impending Layoffs: Where's Microsoft Headed?
e Lady Gaga Kicks Off Roseland Ballroom Residency And Celebrates 28th  ...
b Drone nearly collided with airplane - WNEM TV 5
e Jodie Foster Is Now A Married Woman! Wait, When Did That Happen?
t Google Joins the Near-Space Race With Titan Acquisition
b Home Depot profit up despite weather
t Google empowered its barricades
b EM ASIA FX-Asia currencies firmer as yuan steadies; rupee shines
e Katy Perry sued for copyright infringement, witchcraft and paganism
t Tesla to sell new Model 3 for $35000, targets BMW 3 series
t Microsoft Rushes to Fix Browser After Cyberattacks
e Miranda Lambert, "Platinum" (RCA Nashville)
b Consumer prices rise 0.2 percent in March, hold inflation in check
t FCC net neutrality site down, crushed by commenters
e Coney Island Amusement Rides Open for Summer
t Report: Samsung Is Still Working on a Smartwatch That Is Also a Phone
m HRMC promotes wearing blue for colorectal cancer awareness: March is  ...
b Pound Advances As UK Manufacturing PMI Hits More Than 3- Year High
e Stephen Colbert Talks About Hosting The Late Show With David Letterman  ...
m Prescription Drug Takeback In East Hartford
t LG G3 unveil likely at May 27 event
b How the Dow Jones industrial average did Tuesday
e Movie Beat: "The Fault In Our Stars" designed to generate tears
e Beyonce and Jay Z Hit the Road
e 'Gotham' Trailer: Wayne and Gordon Join Forces [Updated]
e Mia - MIA asks Madonna for $16m to pay NFL
m WHO alcohol report shows work needed
e Justin Bieber Ditches Selena Gomez, An Olympian Nabs the Sexiest Man in the  ...
b Alibaba Releases Business Details Ahead of IPO
e JJ Abrams Announces That Fans Have a Chance to be in Star Wars: Episode VII
e Universal announces July opening date for Harry Potter's Diagon Alley
t Chegg To Buy Online Tutoring Network InstaEDU For $30 Mln In Cash - Quick  ...
e Rock and Roll Hall of fame rolls out red carpet for inductees, supporters
e Mila Kunis Tells Ellen DeGeneres: 'I'm Pregnant & Was Hiding It'
m Jenny McCarthy Fires Back at Critics in New Column: "I Am Not Anti-Vaccine  ...
e Led Zeppelin are never ever getting back together – get over it
t eBay users still at risk
t Ford lowering fuel economy on 6 vehicles; customers will be compensated
e Harvard study suggests 'Jesus' wife' on ancient document
b PRECIOUS-Gold, silver hit multi-month highs as stocks retreat
t Microsoft Inks IP Licensing Deal with Canon
t Don't just switch off for Earth Hour, make the switch
e Jet from Florida diverted to NY over warning light
t Change these passwords right now
e Disney to add 'Frozen' characters, fireworks
e Zac Efron 'punched in the face in Skid Row attack'
b Airline Industry May Be Subject To Higher Insurance Premiums
t Change passwords to avoid heartache from new bug
m Young Dads at High Risk of Depression, Too
b Social Security closing offices as demand soars
e Harrison Ford injured on Star Wars set and will probably be really grumpy from  ...
t Google says self-driving cars are mastering city streets
e Mayor intentionally drops the F-Word after Stanley Cup Win
b Fitch affirms L Brands IDR at 'BB+'
m Bionic eye allows blind Michigan man to see
e GODZILLA: MOVIE REVIEW
t Facebook outed for conducting creepy mood experiment on users
e 7 Interviews That Helped Make Barbara Walters A Legend
b Auckland housing market a problem for NZ - IMF
e Shia LaBeoufs drunken mayhem in Manhattan included chasing a homeless man
b Unemployment falls under 7 percent in McHenry County
e AC/DC's Malcolm Young Leaving The Band Due To Illness
b McDonald's to offer free coffee
t Did you see this morning's 'blood moon?'
e Epic Video of Solange Attacking Jay Z
b Two planes narrowly avoid crash at Newark Airport
e District 13 Crashes The Presidential Address In This 'Hunger Games  ...
b NZ dollar index slips from record
e Johnny Depp's 'Transcendence' Bombs On Opening Weekend
e Katie Couric, John Molner get married
m How to fix U.S. biosecurity leaks? Is closing the labs its answer?
e Trace Adkins, wife headed for divorce
t Report: Climate change now affecting Americans' lives
m Aspirin advised for women at risk for pregnancy complication - WSFA.com: News  ...
e Watch Nicki Minaj, Iggy Azalea, Pharrell, Robin Thicke, Chris Brown, Jay Z  ...
b Ban Ki-moon urges calm amid China, Vietnam row
b Nvidia's third-quarter revenue outlook exceeds expectations
e Former TV exec Garth Ancier sues former male model who accused him of sex  ...
t Skype Realtime Translation Coming by End of 2014
e Darren Aronofsky's "Noah" debuts at No. 1 on box-office
e Grand Theft Auto 5: Special July 4 Independence Day Content
b Obama administration backs off MA cuts Election year: Obamacare versus GOP  ...
m Consumer Minute: City governments are hiring & breakfast cereal concerns
t LETTER: Hnatowich on climate change
b GM Says Ignition-Switch Troubles First Surfaced in 2001 Testing
e Movie Review: Aronofsky's 'Noah' is everything - except boring
e Game of Thrones: Twitter reacts to shocking Purple Wedding character death
e Gov. Christie Calls Out Letterman For Latest Fat Joke
t Many victims were young drivers
e Source: Jenny McCarthy Exiting 'The View'
e SXSW: 5 Amazing Stories We Learned At The Veronica Mars World Premiere
b Lindt buys US candy maker
e Kate Middleton's Sister Pippa Says She Felt 'Publicly Bullied' and 'Embarrassed  ...
t Columbus native glimmers behind scenes of TV's 'Cosmos'
b UK economy basks in manufacturing growth, IMF upgrade
e 'Mr. Peabody & Sherman' rises to No. 1 at the box office
e Is Kylie Jenner Flirting With Justin Bieber by Text?
b MH370 Lost in Indian Ocean: Hishammuddin's statement : Day 21
m Pistorius to be admitted to 'psychiatric hospital indefinitely', says expert
e 'Xscape' keeps MJ's voice 'pure and raw'
t Google's Nest 'to buy Dropcam for $555m'
t HTC One M8 2nd Firmware Update Now Available
b McDonald's closes corporate HQ in Chicago as 2000 protesters gather
e 'Catching Fire' Wins Movie Of The Year At MTV Movie Awards
b Myrtle Beach driving SC's poor ranking in beach water quality
b ACA website stalls briefly on deadline day
e Transcendence opens Pandora's Box
b 10 Must Reads for the CRE Industry Today (May 9, 2014)
e Clooney's engagement to Alam Alamuddin confirmed
t UN report calls for 'technological change' on global warming
b Iran building replica of US nuclear-powered aircraft carrier: reports
b Search for Malaysia Airlines Jet Expands Across Asia
m One-third of Alzheimer's 'preventable': report
t New Apple MacBook Air is quicker, lasts longer and best of all is now £100  ...
b Mid-Morning Market Update: Markets Rise; Hertz Global To Spin Off Equipment  ...
m Weight Loss Drug Recalled Due to Foreign Pills in Bottles
e Power Rangers To Return With Mighty Morphin' Movie
e VIDEO: Check Out the First Girl Meets World Footage
m US hospital warns over 4000 patients of possible HIV, hepatitis exposure
e 'Father of the Bride 3': Steve Martin to reprise his role as George Banks
m Pesticides may give your baby autism: Study
e Tarantino loses round 1 of lawsuit against Gawker
e Jada Pinkett Smith Slams Willow Smith Photo 'Controversy'
e The 'Happy'-est thing you'll see all day!
e Left cold by charity challenge
t Apple Releases 8GB iPhone 5c, Brings Back iPad 4
t Nokia Mix Radio Being Spun Out Of Microsoft
b ADP: Private Employment Jumps 281000 for June
t Meet Tyrannosaurus Rex's cousin! New species of dinosaur discovered by  ...
b Ryanair launches new service for business customers
t Samsung Unveils Prototype Health Band With Cloud Service
b In pictures: Malaysia Airlines plane crash in Ukraine
t Flappy Bird Return Date! Creator Confirms Multiplayer Version For August Plus  ...
e Justin Bieber And Selena Gomez Together in Dance Studio: Collaboration Song  ...
e Jazz Hands? Or SAD HANDS?
t FACTBOX-China's anti-trust regulators
t 'Watch Dogs' Review Roundup: Is It Worth Hacking Into This Story Of Antihero  ...
b Bernstein: Washington is stuck. Does it matter?
t Nasa Delays Launch of Carbon Pollution Satellite Due to Launchpad Glitch
b Sens. Urge Watchdogs To Inspect $53B Valeant-Allergan Play
e New films: Tammy, Earth to Echo, Snowpiercer
m 10 Things to Know for Today
b Twitter ban for Turkey could affect EU entry
e 10 people who totally kill it at this game show thing
e 'Maleficent' Movie Trailer: Angelina Jolie Talks Daughter Vivenne's Acting Debut  ...
e Justin Bieber Rear-Ended by Paparazzi, References Princess Diana Death on  ...
m Up to 5000 exposed to hepatitis in Springfield
b Top PC maker Lenovo posts 29% jump in annual profits
e Flashy 'Draft Day' doesn't let football facts get in the way of its 24-hours-in-a-life  ...
e 'Duck Dynasty' star Jase Robertson and his wife Missy remained abstinent  ...
t Google acquire drone company originally courted by Facebook
e Review Roundup: IF/THEN Opens on Broadway - All the Reviews!
b GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks resume downward trend; US bonds rally
e Ryan Gosling and Eva Mendes expecting a baby: report
t Microsoft Will Close Xbox Entertainment Studio
m Fresh warning over Ebola as crisis talks start
t Obama responds to climate assesment
t Rare blood red lunar eclipse to unfold on Tuesday
b General Motors recalls 1.5 million vehicles
t LastPass is one of the first non-Paypal apps to support Galaxy S5′s fingerprint  ...
e Jessica Chastain To Star In 'True Detective' Season Two?
e L'Wren Scott's funeral 'moved to West Coast' at request of Mick Jagger
b Two Local Coldwater Creek Stores Are Among Those Closing
t The phone that thinks it's a camera - Samsung's Galaxy K Zoom
t Lauded HTC One smartphone to get bigger screen in next iteration
e Easter Happenings From Eggs To Worship
t Amazon Kindle Unlimited: all you can read and listen for $9.99 a month
b Obama: Russia must pull back troops
b Exelon Buying Pepco Holdings Inc. For Nearly $7 Billion
e 'Mrs. Doubtfire' Cast Reluctant For Sequel: A Cash Cow For Robin Williams?
b Johnson & Johnson's Q1 profit rises 8 pct on lower spending, surge in  ...
e The Voice USA 2014 Recap: Night 1 – Battles Round 2 (VIDEO)
b Industry failed to learn lessons from major oil spills: Mark Floegel
t US Supreme Court Shoots Down Google's Challenge Over Street View Lawsuit
t There's More Porn Coming to Oculus Rift
t March 2014 NPD: Titanfall Tops Sales Charts, PS4 Still Best Selling Console in US
e BET Awards Shooting 2014: Gunman Opens Fire During Award Show After-party  ...
t New Apple Patent Filing Locks Out iDevices when Users Hit Dodgy Districts
e Morgan improving after crash
m Gene Therapy May Improve Cochlear Implants
t Google Search for Android: Ok Google, Take a Photo or Take a Video
t Project Morpheus: How Sony's PS4 headset could transform gaming
b Malaysia airlines flight MH17 crash: 295 feared dead after Boeing passenger jet  ...
e Carell impresses as 'Foxcatcher' debuts at Cannes
t Coral Loss, Water Supplies, Increased Temperatures Top Hawai'i and Pacific  ...
b Vodafone confirms €7.2bn Ono buy
e Tupac Shakur's final words were 'F**k you'
e 'I love my body:' 4 celebrity moms get naked for Allure
e Kimye's honeymoon pics are gorgeous
b UPDATE 1-FBI investigating high-speed trading outfits
e Picasso painting reveals hidden man
t Apple reportedly working on 12.9-inch iPad
b Tuesday's midday trade: stocks fall as financials weigh; Twitter tumbles
t Aurea Lounge Offering Free Cocktails To Google Glass Wearers
t I want a mini device to have better specs
e Prince to release two albums on the same day
e 2014 Emmy Awards: Hayden Panettiere Reveals the Gender of Her Baby
b Target CEO's Resignation Cranks Up Pressure On Retailers To Improve  ...
t Cable lobbyist wants net neutrality killed since we aren't in 'drastic times'
e Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Wedding -- TMZ Crashes Nuptials
b North American Wrap-up: Yellen Me Softly
b General Motors Being Investigated By SEC, NHTSA, And More
e Christine McVie rejoins Fleetwood Mac, tour announced
m Humans extremely good in smelling: Nose can smell 1 trillion odours
t Five apps as good as or better than iMessage in iOS 8
e Seven Burning Questions For 'Game Of Thrones' Season Five [SPOILERS]
b To Understand What's Really Happening in Ukraine, Follow the Gas Lines on  ...
b Egyptians hit by drastic rise in fuel price
b Vodafone's annual profit leaps
e Mickey Rooney, dead at 93, remembered as an acting genius with troubled  ...
b Don't sweat tax deadline if you're getting a refund
b Zillow Taking Page From GrubHub Speeds Profit: Real M&A
b Justices limit existing US global warming rules
b Millions Of Texans Missing Out On Health Insurance
b GoPro hopes to raise $100 million through IPO
e Maleficent Spreads Her Wings In New Teaser
b No deal yet in Market Basket feud
t Fruit Fly's Fighter Jet Reflex Help Them Survive
e Lifetime doing Whitney Houston movie with Angela Bassett
e Angelina Jolie made honorary dame
e Katy Perry launches record label through Capitol Records
t Humble headphone to monitor pulse, BP? | Malaysia Sun
e Photos: Wizarding World of Harry Potter - Diagon Alley opening date video, new  ...
t Apple gains on report company may unveil smart home platform next week
b Minnesota gas prices drop 78 cents in a year; nation's biggest decline
t Samsung Galaxy S5 'Copper Gold' Variant Now Available in India
m Illinois Department of Public Health Reports Negative Results for MERS-CoV
t Chevrolet Corvette Z06 Convertible revealed
e US unemployment aid applications rise to 326000 - ABC6 - Providence, RI and  ...
e Paul Walker's mother seeks legal protection for his daughter
m Virus strikes hard in Haiti's crowded shantytowns
b Emerging Stocks Retreat on Valuations While Rupiah Forwards Gain
b Yahoo discloses its workforce demographics
e 'DuckTales' Theme Song Slow Jam Hilarious! Watch Video Of Scott Bradlee And  ...
e 'Extant' is unexpectedly excellent
b BOE Officials Zoom in on Labor Market, Ukraine
e House of Cards star Corey Stoll set to join Marvel's Ant-Man
t Hands On with the Samsung Galaxy Tab S
e TV star Rolf Harris guilty of sex assaults on girls in Britain
t CCTV of missing man
e Solange Knowles Yelled At Rachel Roy Before…
e Paul Walker to be played by body doubles and CGI in Fast & Furious 7
m Daily business briefing: Hospitals improve patient safety
t General Motors recall list adds 218000 more vehicles
t A miniature planet sheds light on the extremities of the solar system
b Burger King Celebrates Gay Pride With The Proud Whopper
b Book on high-frequency trading becomes talk of town on Wall St
e 'Jersey Boys' Trailer: Another Broadway Classic Attempts Big Screen Glory
e Rare stamp sets record at NYC auction - 0 Minutes Ago
b Inflation falls to four-year low
t Climate change disturbing deep ocean currents: Study
b World Cup proves to be a winner for Twitter
e Joan Rivers Slams Kim Kardashian In New Book
e Kim Kardashian's Sex Tape Has Made $50 Million, Ex Ray J To Give Some  ...
e Kim Kardashian steps out in trinket covered sandals and tight-fitting dress
e ALS Ice Bucket Challenge Greater than just being a viral sensation
e Pharrell Williams Faces Backlash For Native American Warbonnet on Elle UK  ...
t Christian Pastors Warn 'Blood Moon' Is An Omen Of Armageddon And Second  ...
b Alibaba rival JD set for US IPO today, prices shares at $19 to raise $1.78 billion
b Why AT&T Inc. (NYSE:T) May Pay More Than $67 Billion In Deal With DIRECTV  ...
e 'American Idol' makes changes in response to sinking ratings
e It's A Boy! Ciara Gives Birth To Her First Child!
e US Airways apologizes for tweeting graphic sexual image
t Gmail Interface Revamp Being Tested - Less Clutter, More Features
t Biggest cyber attack ever? Experts say Brits have two weeks to prepare for hackers
b Is it time to give up on gold?
t Jupiter's Great Red Spot Diminished Like Never Before, Shrinks Huge
m This Regulation Has Chuck Schumer Talking Like a Tea Partier
e KISS To Play The Tonight Show Following Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Induction
b Tesla earnings: Balancing goals and costs
b UK's FTSE falls for 2nd day; Air France warning hits airlines
t Facebook Mulls Drones And Satellites For Web Push
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Mini Review: No, No, No!
t Microsoft to axe 18000 jobs as software giant struggles with Apple and Google  ...
t Samsung Galaxy S5 to feature iPhone-like security features
e Outkast's Coachella reunion: Watch the entire show and check out the 27-song  ...
e Harrison Ford - Health And Safety Officials Launch Probe Into Harrison Ford's  ...
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Top 15 Hidden Features and Secrets You Should Know  ...
t Mild weather may have propelled Genghis Khan to power, study says
b Men's Wearhouse is (Finally) Buying Jos. A. Bank
b Affordable Care Act, HealthCare.gov: Health care website stumbles on last day
m New study says San Jose one of America' least obese cities
t Samsung Galaxy S5 vs HTC One (m8) - specs comparison
t Microsoft Finalizes Nokia Buy Amid Rumors of New CEO
b Futures point to flat open, consumer data awaited
e There's going to be a live-action Little Mermaid film 11:48AM
e CS Video: Arnold Schwarzenegger and the Crew of Sabotage
b Tencent launches Candy Crush game in China
e Rockstar Sued By Actress Lindsay Lohan
t NSA leaker Edward Snowden tells SXSW audience he has no regrets
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West fly to Ireland for honeymoon
t 2014 HTC One to retail for $600 off-contract
e 'Game Of Thrones' Recap: Season 4, Episode 7 – 'Mockingbird'
e Jimmy Kimmel takes selfie With Bill, Hillary, Chelsea Clinton
t Would You Let a Robot Give You a Sponge Bath?
b UK manufacturing expansion continues but 'suppliers grapple with pace of growth'
b OMG - the Dow Jones Industrial Average just hit its highest level ever
m Blood test to give early warning of Alzheimer's
m As Fort Worth doctor's condition worsens, he's thinking of others
m As Menino faces cancer fight, support pours in
m Hospitals may be to blame for NYC measles outbreak
e True Blood Showrunner Brian Buckner: 'I'm Sort of Defiantly Proud of What We Did'
t BlackBerry granted sales ban on Typo keyboard case for iPhone
e VIDEO: Singer Brandy Breaks Off Her Engagement!
e Every year music festivals feature bigger and better lineups
b Detroit Pension Bailout Bills Introduced
e 'Once Upon A Time' Casts Its Elsa From 'Frozen'
b Mortgage Settlement Hits Citigroup Net Income
b BP Refinery Leaks Oil Into Lake Michigan
e Rapper Benzino Listed In Good Condition After Being Shot At Mother's Funeral
t General Motors giving free trial for embedded 4G Wi-Fi
b Geopolitical games handicap Malaysia jet hunt
t Twitter celebrates its eighth birthday, gives people a chance to see their first tweet
t Google Glass moves into the hospital at Beth Israel
t Xbox One Deals – UK Retailer Zavvi Sweetens Existing Xbox One Titanfall Bundle
t Heartbleed Bug Is Also Affecting Routers
b UPDATE 2-Japan May core machinery orders' record fall casts shadow over  ...
t Uber CEO: Self-Driving Cars Are the Future, Drivers Are Not
b Iraq Oil Revival Stalls Again As Violence Pinches Growth
b Morgan Stanley Smith Barney to Pay $490000 to Settle CFTC Charges
e 30 Crazy Moments That Show Why Khloe Kardashian Is Our Favorite Kardashian
b Airbus Loses Order for 70 of Its Troubled A350
t Polluted skies in Paris reach levels comparable to Beijing
e Chris Rock jokes about Solange, Donald Sterling and 'Scandal' in opening  ...
e Maya Angelou, writer of many talents, dies at 86
b Eurozone inflation slump piles pressure on European Central Bank to act
m Free meals in Newport News are available for children in need this summer
b GLOBAL ECONOMY-Europe, China factory sectors weaken in March; US stable
t Facebook Developing Its Own Snapchat With 'Slingshot': Report
b GSK share price jumps on multibillion dollar deal with Novartis
e Esposito line's a lot to stomach
e Rapper Andre Johnson Severs Genitals In Suicide Attempt
e 'HIMYM' Finale: Does Barney Introduce Ted To The Mother? — Watch
e Meryl Davis Was Throwing Up From Food Poisoning Before Perfect DWTS  ...
t Microsoft Surface Event Live Stream: Watch The Tech Press Event Webcast  ...
t Robotic Furniture Could Change Itself from a Bed to a Chair (VIDEO)
e Abramson addresses Wake Forest commencement
t Taking Stock In Facebook May Virtually Have Nothing To Do With Facebook
m U.S. teenagers smoke less, but texting while driving a concern: CDC
t Gaming DDoS: forget jihadis, they're just trolls
b Five challenges Target's incoming CEO can't address soon enough
e Lea Michele - 'On My Way' [Music Video]
b US House committee investigating GM recall
e The future face of late night
t Samsung Way Behind Apple as Samsung Galaxy S4 Sales Drop, Same with  ...
b Brent Oil above $113.50 over Iraq
b Pfizer/AstraZeneca: The numbers you need to watch
e 'Agents of SHIELD' spoilers: The aftermath of 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier'
e Batman-Superman movie has a name
t Report: Apple preparing to release a much bigger iPad in early 2015
b Wall St The Week Ahead: Jobs data and ECB will sway bonds market
b Home Depot Shares Limp After Earnings Disappoint
b Google says it needs up to $30 billion cash overseas for deals
e Tori Spelling REVEALS How Husband Dean McDermott CONFESSED Affair  ...
b JPMorgan's first-quarter profit falls 20 percent
e Buzz Bites: Selena Gomez Teases 'Secret Project' On Instagram
e Kimye Vogue Spoof: Kendall, Kylie Jenner Join List of Celebrities Mocking Kim  ...
e Batman vs. Superman Exclusive Cast Party Photos And Report
b Libyan PM ousted by parliament
t Apple awarded $119M, but who's winning the fight? - WNCT
t DOT, GM tests say single key is safe for recalled vehicles [w/video]
b Herbalife Responds to Pershing Square's Presentation
b On Deck This Week: Fed Policy
e Mickey Rooney Remembered
b China data shows growth steadying but recovery patchy
b GE's Bid for Alstom Assets Faces Competition From Siemens
e Local Boy's Story of Heaven Hits Big Screen
e UPDATE 2-Children's star Rolf Harris found guilty of serial sex assaults
b Ford said to name Mark Fields CEO, give Alan Mulally departure date
b EBay Rejects Icahn Board Picks As Activist Strikes Again
e 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' Review: Rock-Em Sock-Em Awesome
t Google Said To Be Developing A Project Tango-Based Tablet, Producing 4000  ...
e Professor Green defends One Direction over 'joint' video
b Pound to Australian Exchange Rate Today - GBP AUD Continues to Trade in  ...
e 'Godzilla' box office monster
m The electrical implant that can zap the paralysed into moving again
m Parents Pay More Attention To Phones Than Kids During Meals (STUDY)
t 10 arrests in Occupy Google protest
m Pfizer's breast cancer drug Palbociclib slows down tumor growth, shows hope for  ...
m Study finds teens drink and smoke less, text behind the wheel more
b US Fed plans to end asset purchases in October
t Ford Mustang or Chevy Camaro
t FacebookBack: Facebook up and running after 30-minute outage
t iPhone 6 design: super-thin with a protruding camera lens?
e 'The Hunger Games: Mockingjay' teaser arrives featuring Peeta and President  ...
t The New HTC One M8 is Everything We Expected It To Be
t GM Announces Four Vehicle Recalls, June 27, 2014
m Syphilis Made A Big Comeback In 2013, CDC Warns
t Last night's Camelopardalid meteor shower disappointed stargazers
m Ebola Deaths Turn Redemption Hospital Into Ghost Town
e 'Noah' rises to top of box office with $44M debut - KATV - Breaking News  ...
e Will Arnett files for divorce from Amy Poehler, years after separation
e 'Pretty Little Liars' Season 5 Spoilers: The Black Widow Returns; 10 Jaw  ...
m Postpartum Depression Also Affects The Fathers New Study Shows
b Japan, Australia set to ink free trade deal: media reports
e So Long Oprah Winfrey! Beyonce Crowned World's Most Powerful Celebrity  ...
b WWE Money in the Bank 2014: John Cena and Seth Rollins win big
t Microsoft Targeted in Apparent Chinese Anti-Trust Probe
b China and Russia signed a multi-billion dollar gas deal on Wednesday. Here are  ...
e Michael Starr
e Tony awards: A Gentleman's Guide to Love and Murder nabs 10 nominations
b UBS, Credit Suisse urged to improve leverage ratios
b Satellite operator to offer free tracking to airlines
b Linn buys Devon assets in multibillion-dollar deal
b Oregon Healthcare Website's Problems Lead to April Extension
b Mark Zuckerberg's base salary falls to $1
b 2 more recalls push GM total to 4.8M in a month - Live5News.com | Charleston  ...
t Glass teams up with Diane von Furstenberg and debuts in UK
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West tied the knot in a romantic ceremony in  ...
m Florida MERS patient released from hospital
m VA offers no answers on Phoenix allegations
m Spraying will begin after health officials find West Nile virus
b USA. Coast Guard, EPA respond to oil discharge in Lake Michigan from BP  ...
t Oculus Shares Up 152%, But It's Not That Oculus
e First look: 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles'
t Following the influence at today's AT&T-DirecTV merger hearings
t Mario Kart: The 10 best tracks in franchise's history
m FDA to begin overseeing growing field of medical tests developed by laboratories
t NASA to stay 'up all night' for lunar eclipse
e Video: Weird Al returns to take on Pharrell hit
e Are Kim Kardashian and Kanye West married? Mixed reports coming out
e Look out Netflix: Amazon, HBO strike deal
t Google Offers Free Same Day Shipping in New York and Los Angeles
b Mt. Gox finds 200K missing Bitcoins in a forgotten digital wallet
b Gold and Silver Prices Trade Flat Today as Investors Digest China Data
t Sprint violates Do Not Call requests, fined a record $7.5 million
e “Game of Thrones” fourth season premiere
e Back by Popular Demand: Amazon Studios Original Comedy Series Alpha  ...
t Report Details Russian Hackers Targeting Western Energy Firms
b Canadians will be politely sad if Burger King takes over Tim Hortons
t Aaron Paul TV ad is turning on people's Xbox Ones
e FILM REVIEW: Bad Neighbours
t Oculus Rift adventure The Assembly announced
t Scientists reveal the secrets of mysterious ship found under 9/11 ruins
t Are Investors Underestimating Apple Inc.'s Opportunity in China?
b Search for missing MH370 jet cut short; new satellite spots objects
e Robin Thicke - Robin Thicke names album after estranged wife
e Brittany Murphy's Final Movie to be Released in April
e Movie Review: Veronica Mars
e Brittany Murphy's last film 'Something Wicked' gets release date
e Here Are the Top 10 Things People Share With Their Moms on Facebook on  ...
e Kim Kardashian Wears See-Through Top to Kanye West's Concert (PHOTO)
e Watch Bill Murray Give a Bachelor-Party Speech
e Lady Gaga kicks off 28th birthday in 'near nude' sheer body stocking
t Mercedes-Benz Recalls 284000 C Class Sedans In US Canada Citing 'Weak  ...
e Katherine Heigl Files Lawsuit Against Pharmacy
e Where are they now: 'Mrs. Doubtfire'?
b International markets roundup
e Kim Kardashian Dishes On Her Efforts To Honor Armenian Genocide Victims
e Stephen Colbert says 'I'm still here' after Asian joke controversy
e Once Upon a Time has found their Elsa
b Jobs report shows energized recovery
e George Clooney Calls Out 'The Daily Mail' For Claiming His Mother-In-Law  ...
t Watch the Google I/O 2014 keynote live (updated live blog)
e 'X-Men: Days Of Future Past' Trailer: Watch Sneak Peek Of Opening Battle  ...
e L'Wren Scott: Girlfriend of Sir Mick Jagger found dead in New York apartment
t Samsung rumored to be working on Gear Solo, a smartwatch with a SIM slot
b US home sales fall again in Feb
e Film Review - Transformers: Age of Extinction has all the elements of the tried  ...
b Malaysia Airliner Reportedly Crashes In Ukraine
b Devon Energy Sells Assets For $2.3B
b BlackBerry reports $423 million Q4 loss, revenue falls to $976 million
b Australia shares gain on NAB, jobs data, investors cautious over Ukraine
e 'Gospel of Jesus's wife is not a modern forgery'
m UK Ebola victim described poverty and horror stories in letter home
b Walmart's New Tool Gives You Competitors' Prices
e Adam Levine faces death and regret in Maroon 5's dramatic new 'Maps' video
t Microsoft is killing off Nokia's feature phones in favor of Windows Phone
m US twin baby sisters born holding hands
b GlencoreXstrata selling Peruvian mine
m LGB Population Smaller, Fitter Than Previous Reports, According to the CDC
e President Snow Addresses The Masses In First Teaser Trailer For 'The Hunger  ...
b What Alibaba's IPO means for American investors
b Sun Pharma shares fall 5% after FDA import alert on Gujarat plant
b GM chief: Something went 'very wrong'
b Exec shakeup: Entwistle to step aside as president and CEO of Telus
t NSA infiltrated RSA security more deeply than thought
b JC Penney Co., Inc. (JCP) Posts Narrower than Expected Q1 Loss; Offers Q2  ...
e Iran 'releases' dancers from Pharrell Happy tribute video
e Cara Delevingne posts inspirational message saying "be what you want" - is it to  ...
t 'Crackdown 3' release date, developer, and box art revealed for Xbox One
m Recalled California chicken linked to salmonella illnesses in 27 states
t Google's Ara Phone Promises to Provide Exactly the Phone You Need
m Still hungry?
e Watch Bill de Blasio Sing “I Love L.A.” After Losing Stanley Cup Bet
b Wall Street: Health care helps push stocks higher
b Census Health Coverage Survey Changes Make Obamacare Results  ...
m Remarkable new prosthetic approved for use in the United States
b European stocks mixed to lower in cautious trade; Dax down 0.11%
e Passover celebration
m Folmsbee: Don't let stigma block HIV prevention
e Chris Harrison Says Juan Pablo Confirmed and “Didn't Deliver” ATFR Surprise
b Amazon offers workers $2000 to quit, but the incentive is nothing like Zappos'
e Seth Rogen Is Not A Victim Of The Santa Barbara Killings
t Apple and IBM team up on mobile devices and apps
e Review: 'Neighbors' Is a Successful Mixture of Natural, Broad, and Surreal Comedy
e Amazing Spider-Man 2 Has A Big Weekend At The Box Office With $92 Million  ...
e Kanye West - Kanye West 'begging' for Kim Kardashian invite
t Microsoft Nokia deal to be signed April 25, Chennai plant an issue
e Johnny Depp Has Been Weirdly Subpoenaed To Prove A Woman Is Insane?!
t First WHO Conference on Health and Climate: Europe urges promoting health  ...
m Hospital-Related Infections Hit Nearly 650000 Patients in 2011, CDC Says
t Explained: The latest Apple-Samsung patent dispute
t Addappt 1.6 adds group messaging features, Android support
t This is Titanfall Themed Xbox One Console Being Given to Respawn Employees  ...
e Taylor Swift tops Billboard list of top music earners.
t Neil deGrasse Tyson: Coolest Nerd Ever
b Citi Bike Needs 'Tens Of Millions' To Stay Afloat
e 'Transformers 4' dominates North America box office
t NASA Launches New Carbon-Sensing Mission to Monitor Earth's Breathing
b Credit Suisse Net Falls 34% on Lower Investment Bank Profit
b Ukraine tensions put new pressure on struggling stocks
t Microsoft Office apps debut on iPad, become most popular on iTunes
t Facebook App for iOS update brings privacy control features and UI improvements
e Beyonce, Jay Z Unveil Wedding Video During On The Run Tour
b GBP/USD steady ahead of release of Fed minutes
b Strong dollar pushes gold to six-week lows
b Allergan advises shareholders against Valeant tender offer
e Tissues, counselors help ease pain at 9/11 museum in New York
e Zac Efron goes shirtless
t Average US gasoline price falls in Lundberg Survey
b More General Motors Recalls
e More Of Lindsay Lohan's Sexploits Revealed! Orlando Bloom, Ryan Phillippe  ...
t Android watch: Google targets consumers' wrists for next frontier
t Spooky Full Moon Friday The 13th
e 'True Blood' Season 7: Joe Manganiello guessed Alcide was a goner
m How to Achieve Flawless Summer Skin
e Amy Purdy, Charlie White Excel on Season Premiere of “Dancing with the Stars”
e New York Met Opera proposes federal mediators in bitter labor dispute
b Home News Local MP Kellway leads delegation in Bangladesh...
e Elsa from "Frozen" Costume Now Available
b need2know: Flat local open ahead
e Miley Cyrus Shares Topless & Nearly Naked Photo for #TBT
e Robin Thicke and Paula Patton are still treading on thin ice.
e Man says reports of abuse by 'X-Men' director not pursued; claims called  ...
t Microsoft share price: Will next week mark turning point for Surface?
b Where The First State-Licensed Pot Shops Are, And Why Some Will Wait To Open
b Warren Buffett Speaks Of Stock Options For Next Berkshire CEO
t Apple boasts of improved cameras, enhanced performance in re-released 'iPad 4'
b Shanghai Gold Cheapest to London Since '12 on Weak Demand
e Director Bryan Singer hit by another sexual assault lawsuit
b Greece receives fresh bailout funds
e Mad Men Mid-Season 7 Finale Live Stream Free: Watch Online New Episode  ...
b The Euro Zone is in Big Trouble: The Deflation Danger
e Kimye Covers Vogue's April (Fools?) Issue
e 'Noah' Washes Away Competition At The Box Office
t Material keyboard from Android L now available on Google Play
b PMI® at 55.3%; June Manufacturing ISM®
e 'Godzilla' smashes box office competition
b Inmarsat—A Tracking Offer (SATCOM—Airborne)
m ADHD stimulant treatment associated with changes in BMI trajectory
t Amazon calls smartphones
b Alibaba Stock to Trade on NYSE
t Priceline founder: Lessons of Apple-Samsung fight
t Chrysler sales up 17% as car buyers return
m Judge orders release of teen 'kidnapped' by state
m Experimental Malaria Vaccine Blocks The Bad Guy's Exit
e 'Mad Men' Season 7 2014 TRAILER [SEE NOW:] Final Episodes to Premiere in  ...
e Freddy Prinze Jr. Blasts "Unprofessional" Kiefer Sutherland For Making Him  ...
b Jobless claims still near post-recession low
e â€˜Jupiter Ascendingâ€™ Delayed Until February 2015: Is This Better For The  ...
e Actress Sues Store Chain for $6 Million for Tweeting Snapshot of Her Carrying  ...
e Walker's mother petitions to become guardian of her son's daughter
b US stocks rally, S&P 500 hits record close
e Internet TV case: Justices skeptical, concerned
e Macaulay Culkin Booed Off Stage, Pelted With Beer During British Festival Show
t Review: Watch Dogs
b 6 Ukrainian officers freed by Russia; 5 captive
m Polio outbreaks 'an international health emergency'
e Religious Brainwashing
t Samsung Galaxy Note 3 – Pick it up or wait for the Note 4?
e Columbus Short's wife files for divorce; gets restraining order
b Pfizer Eager for AstraZeneca Approval -- Update
t Report: The Apple Smart Home System Is Coming Next Week
e Cameron Diaz, Jason Segel make Sex Tape - watch the red band trailer
e 'Dawn of the Planet of the Apes' Promises Heartfelt Destruction
m West Nile virus reported in Oak Lawn woman
b 071014-dec-biz-fed
e How I Met Your Mother (WENN)
b Faulty Machines: General Motors recalls 1.5 million vehicles
b Alibaba and VIEs: A Primer
m Fear and cash shortages hinder fight against Ebola outbreak
e Danny Boyle 'To Replace David Fincher On Steve Jobs Biopic' As Leonardo  ...
t OkCupid dating website urging users to boycott Firefox browser
e Miley Cyrus NBC concert special: 5 theories about why it actually aired
b How the US Ex-Im Bank Landed on Republicans' Death Row
b Lululemon Issues Disappointing Profit Outlook for First Quarter of 'Investment Year'
e Kanye West Goes Solo for Late Night Father's Day Outing
e Photo By Frank Augstein/Associated Press
m Rallying for Relay
b Thousands of McDonald's Workers Protest Low Wages at Illinois Headquarters
e The Weekend Report
e Scott Asheton of The Stooges Has Died
e Jenny McCarthy's contract on 'The View' might not be renewed
t Buried Fossil Soils Having High Carbon Content: UWM Research
b IKEA to hike hourly pay in US by 17%, the most in 10 years
t Samsung Galaxy K Zoom Smartphone Comes With 20MP Camera
b AOL plunks down $101M for ad-tech startup Convertro
e Kim Kardashian Is Relaunching Her Pop Career Following Kanye West Wedding
t HTC One Software Update to Bring Sense 6 to Original Version Later This Spring
t Steps to Avoid T-Mobile Third-Party Cramming Scams
t Documentary filmmakers find 'E.T.' Atari cartridges in New Mexico: Why this is a  ...
e 'There Is No Romance Left': The Bachelor's Juan Pablo Galavis And Nikki Ferrell  ...
e Judge Joe Brown arrested in Tenn., sentenced to five days in jail
t UN calls for action to curb global warming
e Miss USA upsets feminists with self-defense statement
e American Idol Review: Getting The Band Back Together
e Khloe Kardashian 'Ignores Lamar Odom Calls'
b Target says guns not welcome, but stops short of ban
e Remembering Actor-Director Richard Attenborough (12 HIGHLIGHT CLIPS)
m Officials report 2 cases of new virus in RI
t New meteor shower expected in skies over Canada
e Girl Meets World: An Interview With Star Ben Savage
b Stock Movers: General Motors Company (NYSE: GM), Tesla Motors Inc  ...
e Garth Brooks: Concert Promoter Forced to Cancel Two Concerts in Dublin
b Are 'Flash Boys' controlling the markets?
e John Gill: Costly UPF doesn't reflect Christ's message of love, nonviolence
m Another mosquito pool in Boston tests positive for West Nile
e Reports: Shepherd, McCarthy leaving 'The View'
e 'Glee' Season 6 Cast: Chris Colfer NOT 'Let Go,' Will Still Be Appearing In Show's  ...
b Mortgage Interest Rates at BB&T Moved to a Higher Level on March 20, 2014
b Treasury to Trim Ally Financial Stake
t NASA Prepares to Test 'Flying Saucer'-Shaped Aircraft
e Miranda Fugate Lockwood or 'Shovel Girl' Died Hoax: Miranda Lynn 'Hit In Head  ...
e Zach Braff's 'Wish I Was Here' movie review: It will make you laugh and cry
t BlackBerry launches BBM Protected enterprise messaging service
e Love in a time of unreality
m Chronic fatigue still problem at air traffic towers, report finds
b Europe calls for more US natural gas exports
t Appleton: Nintendo whiffs on 'Tomodachi' slight toward gay players
m California Declares Whooping Cough EPIDEMIC
e Madonna Dresses as 'Game of Thrones'Character Daenerys Targaryen
t Microsoft's (NASDAQ: MSFT) New Energy Strategy
e Allison Williams to Star as 'Peter Pan' in NBC's Live Production
e Tupac Shakur's final words revealed: Dying rapper said 'F*** you' when asked to  ...
e 'X-Men' Director Bryan Singer Planning To Countersue Sex Abuse Accuser
b Barra: Head of human resources, communications have left GM
t T-Mobile Offers IPhone Trials and Music-Streaming Service
e 45 Hamlets for Shakespeare's 450th birthday - in pictures
t Google Glass now available in 'chic' new designs
e Brad Pitt, Angelina Jolie to team up?
e FX's "Fargo" Premiere Ratings Trail "Americans," "Bridge" Openers
e 'SNL Loses Brooks Wheelan, Three Other Cast Regulars
b S.C. employment rises for 10th straight month
b CANADA STOCKS-TSX advances as Fed hopes drive broad gains
b Kaepernick denies wrongdoing; details start to emerge in Miami investigation
b Michigan Has Added the Most Manufacturing Jobs Since 2012, with Indiana  ...
b Protest at McDonald's Headquarters Leads to Dozens of Arrests
t Katheryn Deprill, the 'Burger King baby,' reunites with mom
e The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back  ...
b VIDEO: Toyota Moves U.S. Headquarters To Texas
m Relay for Life funds help patients through all facets of cancer
e Maserati, Jewelry Taken In Burglary Of Miley Cyrus' Home
t Surface Pro 3 battery life hours on paper
e The astonishing Boyhood breaks new ground for coming-of-age movies
e What A Rare Sight To See! RiRi Gets Rih-Served For Dior Show (PHOTOS)
e Khloe Kardashian - Khloe Kardashian finds Hamptons home
e Avicii sends love to concert-goers
m Google Baseline Study will define what healthy human is
m Federal Government Launches H.I.V Prevention Exclusively For Gay Men
b The MM verdict: Reassured by Super Mario
t The Queen in Portsmouth
t Qualcomm Snapdragon will power “a number of” Android Wear devices
t OkCupid's CEO Donated to an Anti-Gay Campaign Once, Too
e Lily Allen praises Miley Cyrus for 'owning' her body and being rebellious
e 6 Little Known Facts About Jon Favreau's 'Swingers'
e The New Hollywood HUAC
e Lee Marshall, Voice Behind Tony The Tiger, Dies at 64
m Stores in Florida may have received tainted beef
e Jon Hamm Talks 'Mad Men' And Working In Porn
m Tests rule out Ebola in case of sick Saskatchewan man, say health officials
e Passenger sues BA for sending him to wrong Granada
e Comcast Expands Digital Store Offering with Sony Pictures Home Entertainment
t Nintendo Shows Off NFC Mario Figurine
e Bachelor Juan Pablo, Nikki Relationship Over? Shocking Split After Finale Likely  ...
e NYC's Sept. 11 museum opens
m Ebola Kills 100 In Guinea
b French business activity shrinks more than expected in June: PMI
b BayWa offloads Brahms stake
t Hope for Aereo despite Supreme Court defeat
m First US MERS patient released from Indiana Hospital
e George RR Martin Says 'Game of Thrones' Movies Are a Possibility
e Debbie Rowe Engaged to Marc Schaffel
b Dollar Weakens Before Yellen Speaks
m Now, predict first impressions
b AT&T Deal on Heels of Web Rules Has Congress Testing Wheeler (1)
b Gilead Sciences: Can Earnings Cure What Ails It?
e Boston Avicii Concert Results in 36 Hospitalizations, All Minor Issues
t West Antarctic glacier loss: 'We have passed the point of no return'
b Congress may raise bar for a bank to qualify as 'systemically important' to $100  ...
t Legislators Offer Bill Requiring FCC to Act on Net Neutrality
m Vaccinations Save Millions of Lives Every Year
t Microsoft's new Surface tablet takes aim at Apple's MacBook
t Microsoft Surface Pro 3 and mini launch: Live blog
e Kim And Kanye Confirm Private Tour Of Palace Of Versailles For Their Wedding  ...
t Samsung ordered to pay Apple just $119.6m in $2.2bn patent case
b Wheat Falls to Four-Month Low on World Supply Outlook
b Largest Health Insurer's Move Signals Industry Shift
e AMC 'Mad Men' Season 7: How Jon Hamm Went From Soft-Core Porn to  ...
e Seth Rogen talks Zac Efron's comedy chops (and why you probably won't see a  ...
t How Much of a Boost Will `Titanfall' Give Xbox?
b More Russian Banks Face Problems With Visa, Mastercard
b Drone nearly collided with airplane - KCTV5
b General Mills' New Policy: If You Engage With Us Online, You Can Never Sue  ...
m India's Win Over Polio - WHO Officially Calls India as Polio Free Country
t Google share price: Company to sell Glass on Tuesday
b Read All About it: Toyota Gives 2015 Camry a Makeover [85 Photos & Videos]
b Yahoo's Alibaba moment has finally arrived
e 'Transformers 4' blasts to top of N. American box office
b ECB Draghi Holds Rate Gives Details on TLTROs
e Johnny Weir -- Bitches His Husband Ruined His Birkin
t Hip-hop's first billionaire?
e Watch Usher and Josh Kaufman Sing on The Voice 2014 Live Finals, May 19  ...
e It`s my fault: Robin Thicke on split from Paula Patton
b Former P&G head Obama choice to lead Veterans Affairs
m Spread Accountability, Not Germs, at CDC
b Carl Icahn On Family Dollar Acquisition: "Activism Is Alive And Well."
b US to boost ground, naval forces in NATO countries
e Film questions high-tech world
b Market Commentary: Emergency UN meeting has negative impact on eq...
e Catharsis consumerism at the 9/11 memorial museum The social satire writes  ...
b 36% of Workers Have Less Than $1000 in Savings
e 10 Things to Know for Monday
b Dow index tops 17000 after strong jobs report
t Google develops computer vision accurate enough to solve...
t Google Glass now available for £1000 in the UK
t B612 Foundation highlights the risk of city-destroying asteroids
e Watch: Dwayne Johnson Is Unleashed In First Trailer For Brett Ratner's 'Hercules'
m Detroit moves up on fit cities list but still among country's fattest
e VOICE VIEWS: Kat Perkins saved again, 3 go home on The Voice
b Foreign Policy: From Russia with love (and a discount)
t Podesta says 'zero' chance Congress can stop Obama's climate plan
t Psychological experiment on 689.003 users conducted by Facebook
t US to Announce $1.2B Toyota Settlement, Source Says
e Queen Elizabeth honors Angelina Jolie
e MOVIES: 'Noah' gives the Old Testament a state-of-the-art Hollywood treatment
t Rubik's Cube Google Doodle Celebrates Iconic Toy
m Electronic Contraceptive Implant Has Remote Control
e Pretty Hurts: Woman Spends $30K In Plastic Surgery To Look Like Kim  ...
m GDF11: A hormonal candidate for rejuvenation
m Woman told to cover up in gym for looking 'too toned'
b Twitter's Users Are in Asia, but Its Revenue Is in the US
m First-time Young Dads Suffer from Increasing Depression
b Hoosiers flock to sign up for health coverage
e Alicia Keys, Kendrick Lamar, Pharrell Team Up On 'It's On Again,' From 'The  ...
t Samsung launches Galaxy S5 in India, to be priced between Rs 51000 to Rs  ...
t New Google Hangouts Update For Android Brings SMS Options And Much More
e Oops! US Airways Didn't Mean To Post THAT Tweet
e Columbus Short: 'Scandal Exit Was The Right Thing To Do'
t Bye bye net neutrality, hello gridlock
e Video: Weird Al trades 'Happy' for 'Tacky' in celeb-filled Pharrell parody
m Acting VA Secretary Outlines Problems, Actions
e Easter week services to be held at St. Luke's
t iPhone 6 rumors: release date, leaks, features and others
m Young fathers face higher risk of depression, study finds
e Paul McCartney returns to the stage after being sidelined by illness since May
b Hong Kong-Based Investor Group to Acquire Majority Stake in Forbes Media
m Walgreens Settles Federal Disability Discrimination Lawsuit
t Oracle To Buy Micros Systems For $5.3 Billion
e 'Like a Rolling Stone' draft could sell for $2 million
e Kurt Cobain's life to be made the subject of Tribute comic book The icon's story  ...
e 'Fast & Furious' resumes filming in Atlanta
m Sen. Claire McCaskill of Missouri grills TV's Dr. Oz about diet fads
t Blood Moon does its thing but Lehigh Valley clouds are the keys to invisibility  ...
e Angelina Jolie Has Been Made An Honorary Dame
t Yahoo's Mayer: We Did Not Overpay for Tumblr
e Jonah Hill apologizes on 'Howard Stern' for yelling gay slur at photographer
e Sue Townsend dead: Adrian Mole 'Secret Diary' author dies after suffering a  ...
b UBS Q2 Profit Climbs 15% - Quick Facts
e Kim Kardashian Teases New Project With Recording Studio Pic
e Girl, This Is Ain't Alabama: Erykah Badu Gets Faded From News Anchor After A  ...
m Sick Red Robin Worker May Have Exposed As Many As 5000 People To  ...
b US appeals court hands defeat to retailers; upholds Fed's cap on debit card  ...
t Was today a bad day for Nintendo, or a terrible day?
t Short-Term Bears Pounce On Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN)
t Yahoo Said Aiming To Launch YouTube Rival
t The Camelopardalid Meteor Shower Friday Night: Easier Seen Than Said
e 'Game of Thrones' Recap: 'First of His Name' Is All About The Women
e Miley Cyrus Cancels Bangerz Tour Due to Allergic Reaction to Antibiotics: Video
b Yellen Says Fed to Have Big Balance Sheet for Some Time
m Dogs With Cancer Sniffing Ability 90% Correct
b Ikea set to raise US minimum pay to 'living wage' levels
e Worship Guide for April 18
b General Motors adds 824000 2008 to 2011 model vehicles to recall due to  ...
e Not Again! Duck Dynasty's Phil Robertson Unleashes Homophobic Hate At Church
m Marrow transplants defeat sickle cell disease in adults
e Country Music Singer Kevin Sharp Dies at 43
b GM Gets New Chief Spokesman
b Gold flat after sharp two-day fall
t Microsoft to scrap 18000 jobs
t Oculus Breaks Its Silence Against ZeniMax Claims
e True Blood Season 7 Episode 3 Recap: Shot in the Dark
b Congress Investigates GM Ignition Recall: Did Automaker Wait Too Long?
e How Late-Night Hosts Reacted to Colbert's 'Late Show' Gig
m Motörhead Fan Suffers Brain Injury From Headbanging
b Oil up to $102 a barrel on Nigeria supply woes
b Hewlett-Packard to cut up to 16000 more jobs
t Live Camera Feed Reveals the Mothering Behavior of the Rare Snowy Owl in  ...
e Happy Birthday, Mariah Carey!: Watch Her First TV Performance On 'Arsenio'
b US auto parts maker to outsource interiors to China
e World leaders, celebrities mourn death of Nobel laureate Garcia Marquez
b U.S. futures rise on China stimulus speculation; Dow Jones up 0.26%
b Is inflation making a comeback?
b American Apparel finds CEO misused funds; allowed naked photos of former  ...
t Honolulu Weekly Gas Price Update and Outlook
e AC/DC Update: Malcolm Young Seriously Ill, Band Not Retiring
e Review: “Of Mice and Men” Brings Broadway Debuts for Franco, O'Dowd and  ...
b Vietnam Manufacturing Sector Continues To Expand In July : Markit
e Jon Stewart, Stephen Colbert joke about late-night move
t Ham radio operators to show art of communication with 'Field Day  ...
t Samsung unveils Galaxy S5 in Kenya
e Emma Stone Channels Catwoman At Paris Premiere Of 'The Amazing Spider  ...
t Google starts "forgetting" things in Europe (Update 3)
e Another burglary in Miley Cyrus` house
e TV: The Top 10 Most Shocking Moments on Season 4 of 'Game of Thrones'
b GE Seals $17 Billion Deal for French Energy Firm Alstom
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West ignite debate after having baby daughter North's  ...
e Not ANOTHER girl! Hilarious moment a six-year-old boy learns he's getting a  ...
t Amazon's Grand Ambitions
e How to Get Last-Minute Tickets to the 2014 Tribeca Film Festival
t Nokia suspends sales European sales of Lumia 2520 due to charger shock risk
e Jay Z & Beyonce Go "On the Run" to Minute Maid Park July 18
e Yahoo ramps up video with two comedy series and concert streaming channel
e Imperial War Museum London to reopen
t Ham radio club members reach toward space during annual Field Day
e Bryan Singer accuser filed suit in 2000 over same party
t UPDATE 2-US judge rejects Apple bid for injunction against Samsung
m Risk of car crashes rise in during pregnancy
t Google adds a sense of history to Street View with archive footage
b Berkowitz dismisses rationale for GSE "profit sweep"
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 or iPhone 6? This Fall will Have a Bountiful Harvest... in  ...
b US home sales climbed 1.3 per cent in April, but sales still below 2013 pace
b Uber taxi car service corrals drivers at LAX with 'geofence' algorithm
e Miss USA Nia Sanchez Clueless On Home State Capital Fuels 'Carpetbagging  ...
e Angelina Jolie Can't Stop Gushing Over Elle Fanning
m Curbing West Africa's Ebola outbreak
e Kimye Vogue Cover: Did Kanye West Pay for Kim Kardashian to Appear on  ...
t WSJ: Google Developing Tablet With Advanced Vision Capabilities
m Michelle: Republicans “Playing Politics” with Kids' Health
b NBC Ignores Protests in Hong Kong; CBS and ABC Cover, But Won't Label  ...
e Elton John and David Furnish to marry again
e Justin Bieber to be charged for the 'Egging' incident tomorrow!
t WWE Fires 7% as Business Implodes
t Google beats Facebook to buy Titan Aerospace drone maker
b Fed's Yellen: Little threat to financial stability
t Daimler expects sales to surpass Audi, BMW in China this year
e Child porn purge kept secret from Harris jury
t Toyota recall settlement reached
b Spanish Deflation Boosts Rate-Cut Bets -- Update
e Peaches Geldof Death: Father, Husband, Sister "Beyond Pain"
e 2Pac's Final Words: 'Fk You'
b Stores, restaurants giving taxpayers a break on tax day
b Missing Plane MH370 'A Modern Day Amelia Earhart Lost Flight' May Never Be  ...
t Frozen pink dwarf planet 'Biden' spotted beyond Pluto
e Game of Thrones Season 4 Finale: Tell Us What You Thought
e Must-See Late Night Clip: Jimmy Fallon vs. Emma Stone Lip Sync Battle
b Dollar Falls, Shares Rise on US Rates Outlook
t Google, Facebook and Microsoft Back Initiative to Prevent Next Heartbleed
b Marijuana shortage in Washington; record sales in Colorado
e Authorities: Clamp snapped in circus accident that injured several performers
e Miley Cyrus attacks Avril Lavigne on Instagram [WATCH]
m Autism rates jump nearly 30% in last 2 years
e Coachella Set Times Revealed, Pixies & Julian Casablancas Added
b Boston taxi drivers' union to protest ride sharing service Uber
e LISTEN: Miley Cyrus Breaks Silence About "Scary" Illness -- I Was Poisoning  ...
b IRS: It's not too late to get a tax extension
b Yahoo nominates company co-founder, stock brokerage magnate, former Wal  ...
t Facebook's plan for global domination includes drones, satellites and lasers
m Cancer in 3000-Year-Old Skeleton Could Help Understand Metastatic  ...
t A look back at your first Tweet as Twitter turns 8
b Greece: rallies banned in Athens for Merkel's visit
m Test site: Positive for West Nile Virus
t Google's low-cost phone for emerging market
e Game Of Thrones Officially Renewed For Seasons 5 and 6
b Dollar Finds Support After Putin Offers Olive Branch and and Other Top Forex  ...
b GM adds 824000 vehicles to recall
b US voices support for Modi vision ahead of Kerry's visit
m Minnesota retains top spot, Wisconsin had biggest improvement in annual senior  ...
b Twitter, Amazon team to boost 'now commerce'
t Amazon Fire Release Date: Immersive App Smartphone Hits Market
b Pic : twitterLONDON: Apple Inc is close to buying headphone maker Beats  ...
b Target Announces US and Canada Leadership Changes to Drive Company's  ...
e Paul McCartney Helps Couple Get Engaged On Stage (Video)
m Texas teacher delivers quintuplets
e Q&A: McCarthy and Falcone, goofballs in matrimony
b Stocks flatten out after Fed delivers no surprises
t Green light for NASA's Osiris-Rex asteroid sample mission
t 5 Reasons You Should Care About the GM Recall
b Pending Home Sales Surge in May
m One in 68 children have been identified as having autism
t Facebook Inc (FB) Asks European Watchdog To Review WhatsApp Deal
e Sofia Vergara and fiancé Nick Loeb call it quits
b Pinnacle Foods sold to Hillshire Brands
t Why did Apple just release a cheaper iPhone 5c?
e Mila Kunis: Baby Bump Photos From MTV Movie Awards!
b U.S. manufacturers stay strong in June
t NASA flying saucer test for Mars mission successful
e 'Saturday Night Live' recap: It's Andrew Garfield's night, but Emma Stone steals  ...
e He Wrote the Rolling Stones' First No. 1 Hit. Singer, Songwriter, Musician Bobby  ...
e 'American Idol' Scott McCreery victim of home invasion robbery
e 10 Of Hip Hop's Most Unique Baby Names
b Malaysia missing MH370 plane: Ping doubts 'speculative'
b Morgan Stanley says 2Q profits more than double
b Fed to stick to wait-and-see stance
b Jessica Alba is General Catalyst's newest billion-dollar entrepreneur
t Journal expresses 'concern' over Facebook study
t NASA to skywatchers: Look up tonight for the May Camelopardalids meteor  ...
m Up to 5000 exposed to hepatitis at Missouri Red Robin restaurant
e No word from AC/DC as rumours swirl band is calling it quits
t Ahead Of Smartphone Launch, Amazon Announces Its Appstore Has Tripled  ...
t Eerie 'Sailing Stones' Myth-Busted As Urban Legends Reveal a More Olympic  ...
e Eichner's Eye: Tribeca Film Festival
t Don't Invest In Beachfront Property
m Pros and cons of allowing sale and use of marijuana
e Ice Cube Defends Claim That He Was Robbed in MTV Movie Award Loss to  ...
e BET Awards Ceremony Started Off Troubled, Ended in Triumph
b Mobile messenger Kakao Talk seeks backdoor listing by combining with Korean  ...
e Ex-Journey frontman Steve Perry performs live in St. Paul
b Chrysler Recalls Fiat 500Ls to Fix Air Bags
e Brody Jenner won't attend Kimye's Wedding
t Tech Five: eBay down after breach, HP to report earnings
m Hookup Apps Found to Increase Likelihood of Sexually Transmitted Infections.
m Ebola in Guinea threatens three-nation spread as Unicef responds
t Google+ Stories automatically creates digital journals from your photos and videos
m Girl shaves head for sick friend, gets in trouble with school
e The Bossy Bandwagon
e Radio and television actor Robert Francis "Bob" Hastings dies at 89 years old
b UPDATE 2-Mortgage battle drives Australian bank margins toward new lows
b US equities take a breather before Fed minutes
b Takeover target Shire makes the case to remain a standalone company after  ...
b Sterling Continues to Strengthen On Expectations of a Rate Hike
e X-Men: Days of Future Past Director Officially Withdraws From Press Tour Amid  ...
b NTSB faults pilots in last year's Asiana flight
e 'The Flash': See Grant Gustin's Full Superhero Suit!
e Lorde to pick Hunger Games soundtrack
m Grilling Chicken on the 4th? Foster Farms Implements Voluntary Recall
m West Nile Virus mosquito spraying set Monday in Lansdowne, Yeadon
b Vital Signs: The Leading Index Shows Economy Will Warm Up after Winter's Chill
b Business briefs
e Simon Cowell Bored Of 'Celebrity Judges' Wants Someone Who Can Really Do  ...
t Google Has A New Plan To Assault The TV Industry With Something Called  ...
b Reports Say Snapchat Is Valued at Roughly $10 Billion
t T-Mobile Offering iPhone Test Drives, Unlimited Data for Music Streaming
b Better To Bet On Rational Bond Market Rather Than Tentative Stock Market
b Grocers Sue Vt. Over Law
t Irreversible Damage Seen From Climate Change in UN Leak
b UPDATE 2-Alcoa to close smelter in Italy, take 3rd-quarter charge
e Trends Report: Should harem pants be back in style?
e Record Store Day 2014 in Edinburgh is set to be huge
t Apple said to headhunt Tag Heuer exec for iWatch
b Alibaba Group will seek $1B in IPO
t Device makers won't be able to skin Android Wear, Android TV and Android Auto  ...
t OkCupid Has Been Messing With Your Mind
b Nearly 400 million Twitter users estimated by 2018, says study
m How Birmingham hospitals scored in U.S. News & World Report's rankings
e Student travels 26 countries over 4 years filming proposal to girlfriend
m Free drug samples for doctors make medication costlier for patients
e Today is Good Friday where Christians the world over commemorate the  ...
e Jewish Centers Shooting * Passover * Easter Prep: Monday's Roundup
b Gold falls 1 per cent on economic optimism, posts July loss
t Facebook experiment conducted during online piracy protests
e Eminem "Headlights" (video)
t Windows market share dips below 90 percent as Mac OS X climbs
e Madonna shows up for jury duty but is quickly dismissed
e 'Shield' actor Michael Jace's wife found dead
t Three Reasons Netflix Can Keep Growing
b Silvio Laccetti: War on Wall Street
b BofA Adjusts Q1 Capital Ratios, Suspends And To Resubmit 2014 Capital Plan
b Holcim, Lafarge to Sell Assets in Bid for $50 Billion Merger Approval
e Insane Clown Posse Appeals Juggalos' FBI Gang Designation
m Groundbreaking results bring new hope for those with spinal cord injury – NIH  ...
b Crafty card hackers target Michaels, Aaron Brothers
m Fie, fi, foe, friend: Can we smell the blood of a kindred spirit?
t Nintendo's Tomodachi Life gay marriage stance draws widespread criticism
b Japan factory output slides, sales tax looms
t Microsoft introduces Windows 8.1 with Bing for low cost devices
e 'True Blood' Review: "Fire in the Hole"
t Dem. Senators Urge Wheeler To Abandon Broadband Proposal
b Pfizer Made $101 Billion Bid for AstraZeneca: Sunday Times of London
t Taiwan market: Apple offers discounts on PCs, tablets and smartphones for back  ...
e Freddie Prinze Jr Slams Kiefer Sutherland in Interview
t Apple's new iPads will include TouchID
b GM To Ask For Lawsuit Protection
e Donald Levine, Father of GI Joe, Dies at 86
e Composer Steve Jablonsky on 'Transformers: Age of Extinction': 'This was the  ...
e ABC Renews 'Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.' & Greenlights 'Agent Carter'
t Suzuki recalls 184244 GM-built cars in US for fire risk 0
e Kim Kardashian vs. Kylie Jenner: Battle of the Bikinis!
e Game of Thrones Recap: Season 4, Episode 10, "The Children"
b February 2014 Pending Home Sales Data Again Bad
e Peaches Geldof death: tributes flood social media
b NY Dealers Reach Pact with Tesla, Direct-to-Customer Stores to Stay Open
b Oil price fall as Iraq output steadies
b U.S. Markit Flash April PMI Stands at 55.4 as Output Rises
e Film Review: 'Transformers: Age of Extinction'
t Microsoft's Surface 2 Tablet Family Gets a $100 Price Cut
m Guinea Ebola outbreak thought to have spread to Sierra Leone
b Can't pay taxman? IRS tips for handling tax bills
t House Science Committee Asked Some Very Non-Scientific Questions at the  ...
b At China's Alibaba, chairman Ma's dealings raise red flags
m New West Nile & Chikungunya cases in Mississippi
e Jodie Foster marries Ellen DeGeneres' former girlfriend
e Amber Heard Johnny Depp's Fiance and Vanessa Paradis' Rival Talks  ...
e Famed Producer Garth Ancier Sues Man Who Accused Him Of Sexual Molestation
b The California Shale Bubble Just Burst
t Netflix to speed up for Verizon customers
t Japan Forced to Halt Whaling
m MERS Virus Infections Spreading In US, CDC Following SARS Playbook
m Naturally Immune Tanzania Children Could Aid in Malaria Vaccine Production  ...
b Dollar lower against yen as relief rally eases
e What Did That Yellow Tie Really Mean? True Detective Costumes Explained.
e Dancing with the Stars 2014 Live Stream (ABC) : Watch DWTS Season 18 Week  ...
e Michelle Obama Speaks at the Anna Wintour Costume Center Opening!
e 'The Originals' Recap: Will Rebekah Return to New Orleans?
e Paul McCartney hospitalised in Tokyo
t Google I/O: 7 Devices We Hope To See
t Benefits cheat
e Bachelor 2014 Juan Pablo shares video, love song for Nikki Ferrell (Video)
e Broadway dame and Detroit native Elaine Stritch dies at the age of 89
m US scientists create see-through mice to get detailed look at inner anatomy
b Herbalife shares plunge on news of FBI probe
e Latest 'Captain America' Goes Deep for Popcorn Flick
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West wedding details: Palace of Versailles refused to  ...
e 'American Idol' 2014: Metro Detroit reacts to Malaya Watson, Jena Irena Asciutto  ...
t Mario Kart 8 Smartphone App Incoming
e Pit bull kills owner's 4-year-old daughter in La.
e Movie Review Rogen, Efron wage war in 'Neighbors'
b Thoughts On Thomas Piketty's 'Capital'
b Hawaii gas prices down slightly this week
e Canadian director Xavier Dolan wins Cannes jury prize
t Former Dictator of Panama Files Suit Against Activision
t SpaceX Falcon 9 Rocket Defies Bleak Weather and Flies
t Blood moon lunar eclipse
t How To Take A Screenshot On Your Samsung Galaxy Note 3
e Beyonce, Jay Z, Solange moving past attack video
m Diet soda beats regular soda for weight loss, study finds
t Will the FCC's Proposed Rules Hurt Net Neutrality?
e News: Fox Boss Talks Revamping Idol, Glee's Final Season, New Year-Round  ...
t Is The Long Wait For A Big Screen iPhone Nearing An End?
e George R.R. Martin Suggests That 'Game of Thrones' May End With Feature Films
b Sprint & T-Mobile may announce merger plans this summer
t Don't buy the Galaxy S5 before you check out these deals
t Apple's OS X beta testing is now open to the public
b ODNR: Fracking well probable cause for earthquakes
t Google Shutters Orkut, Its First Social Network
e Matt Lauer extends 'Today' contract at NBC for multiple years
t 'NYT Now' To Bring iPhone Users The Times For $8 A Month
e Has Justin Bieber cheated with Kylie Jenner?
e Entertainer Rolf Harris guilty of 12 counts of indecent assault
b AT&T aims for TV's future with $48.5B DirecTV deal - WXOW News 19 La Crosse  ...
e Lionsgate to Split Third Divergent Novel Allegiant into Two Movies
e Bill Murray crashed a bachelor party and gave an amazing speech
b Durable Goods Orders Up 2.6 Pct. In March
b Alibaba is generating insane profits
b Dov Charney Has Given up His Battle to Recover His CEO Role; American  ...
m Baby gorilla off oxygen, on infant formula
t 8 new automakers pledge support for Apple's CarPlay, including Chrysler  ...
e Robin Thicke dedicates BET performance to estranged wife Paula Patton
b Chrysler June US Auto Sales Rise 9% - Quick Facts
e Fallon off to a fast start as host of 'Tonight'
t Home / News / BMW recalls 156137 vehicles to fix variable…
e 'Sharknado 2' chomped on by viewers
e Is AC/DC packing it in?
e Pierce Brosnan returns to spy thrillers in 'The November Man'
e Game of Thrones Tourism Is Happening, Since Westeros Sounds So Fun
b Hong Kong's privacy chief amplifies call for Google to extend 'right to be forgotten'
b Romney adviser Hubbard says Geithner is lying, and more must-reads
t Images of Moto E Leak Ahead of Announcement
e Paul McCartney (Photo: MIGUEL ROJO AFP/Getty Images)
e Russell Crowe set for Edinburgh premiere of Noah
e Five-minute feature: Gloucestershire's Jewish community celebrates passover
t Nokia Lumia 930 vs. Moto G – Specifications, Features, Release Date and Price  ...
b Malaysia set to overhaul troubled national airline
b Markit 'final' manufacturing PMI slips to 55.5
b China suspends cyber working group activities with US to protest cyber theft  ...
t No satellite required: DirecTV posts ad on its Web site offering Sunday Ticket  ...
b Sikorsky Wins $1.3 Bln US Air Force Contract For New Combat Rescue  ...
t Transit App 3.0 for iPhone gets new iOS 7 interface, improved offline mode and  ...
e Dane DeHaan: Hotter in Real Life or In Costume? Vote Now!
b Deadline day: 'Obamacare' signup surge in final hours
b Sun Pharma to acquire Ranbaxy in $3.2 bn deal
b 16 Casino Proposals Delivered To NY Regulators
e Maya Angelou, celebrated poet and author, dies at 86
m Ebola Panic in West Africa: More than 100 People Killed in Guinea, UN says  ...
b US Patent and Trademark Office's appeals board cancels Redskins trademark
e Mila Kunis on 'Ellen' reveals cravings, stinky habit and Ashton learning Russian
e Expect a call from Michelle, George
e LADIES ANTHEM! Jessie J Announces New Single “Bang Bang” Featuring Nicki  ...
b On the verge of an economic boom
e Lawyer: X-Men director not in Hawaii during alleged acts
e Northstar rapper Christ Bearer reportedly severs penis, jumps from North  ...
b NTSB calling for changes in parasailing industry
e Report: L'Wren Scott's funeral held Tuesday morning
m Eli Lilly's gastric cancer drug gains approval from FDA
m Large-scale food recalls remind consumers of dangers of bacteria contamination
b Warren Buffett praises General Motors' new CEO
b New York Attorney General combats alleged unfair advantages for high  ...
t How Fire Phone's fancy features might take on iPhone 6
e Miley Cyrus Shocks Again With Another 'Bizarre' Style Choice (PHOTO)
t A honey moon on Friday the 13th? Be very afraid — or don't be.
e Barbara Walters Reveals Her Final 'View' Broadcast, Official Date of TV Retirement
b Rajan says rupee gains to 45-50 per dollar would hit exports
t Ancestor of Daddy Longlegs was very creepy with four eyes
e Game of Thrones boss: 'Belfast is not the most cosmopolitan of cities'
e Mick Jagger shocked at death of lover and best friend L'Wren Scott
t iPhone 6: Leaked photograph hints at ultra-slim design
t Video: What the Google Self-Driving Car Sees
b US stock market ends higher as earnings pour in - KTVN Channel 2 - Reno  ...
t NASA CO2 Satellite Set To Launch
b FTC accuses Jerk.com of being, well, jerks
b Taxpayers made $52 billion on Geithner's bailouts
b What's next? Pot changes won't stop with Washington state
m Water Bureau Says Nothing Political About E. Coli In Portland Water
b Apple confirms it's buying Beats in its biggest acquisition yet | Marketing magazine
m Germ Killing Agent Found in Most Hand Soaps is Banned in Minnesota
t Nashville's per-gallon gas price average increases 2 cents
e 'Dawn Of The Planet Of The Apes' Alternate Ending Deleted Scene Detailed By  ...
t Amazon to launch what it's been missing: a smartphone
b Senators introduce bill to raise fuel tax to prop up Highway Trust Fund
t BlackBerry Acquires Encryption Service Secusmart
t UN climate experts call for 'near zero' emissions, global taxes
e Fleetwood Mac to reunite with Christine McVie, starting at Minneapolis' Target  ...
b GoPro's shares jump 26% in debut
b GBP to AUD Exchange Rate Fluctuates after UK Retail Sales Report
b California DMV Investigating Potential Credit Card Breach -- Update
t Verizon Wireless outage affects payments and new phone sales
b Now New Jersey Wants Tesla Back Again
b Toyota Plans to Bring New Models for China Market
m Driving While Pregnant Is Riskier Than You Might Think
t Realistic simulated universe lets you watch the beginning of time
b Greek PMI drops to nine-month low in July
t Surface Pro 3: Are Enterprise Features Worth The Sticker Shock?
b Focus on Draghi's speech in search for clues on ECB easing - Investec
b Positive Notes Surrounding Service Stocks- eBay Inc (NASDAQ:EBAY), Amazon  ...
e Amazon and HBO deal will make classics like "The Sopranos" and "The Wire  ...
b 2015 Camry gets an extreme makeover
b Bayer and Merck in $14.2B consumer deal
b Argentina's default may not be a one-off
e 'Bachelorette' drama: Rejected Nick spills sex secrets about Andi
e MEGA ice bucket challenge planned for next month
e 'The Voice' 2014 recap: Battle royale between Josh Kaufman, Delvin Choice
e Sneak Peek: Avengers: Age of Ultron, Guardians Of The Galaxy, Ant-Man
m Health Net is Working to Help Stamp Out the Stigma of Mental Illness
e LINDSAY LOHAN CONFIRMS SHE WROTE HER SEX LIST DURING REHAB
b Dollar Tree Buying Family Dollar for $8.5 Billion
e Peaches Geldof 'May Have Died Of Natural Causes'
t Tesla S XL To Fit More Batteries Under Extended Floor?
e Steve Carell In 'Foxcatcher' Is The Year's First Oscar Contender
e Robert Downey Jr. Issues Statement On Son's Drug Arrest
e Lupita, Solange and a practically nude Rihanna at CFDA Fashion Awards
t Intel shows off 3D-printed robot Jimmy, plans to sell it for $1600
e Nicki Minaj slights Iggy Azalea during acceptance speech
b Draghi keeps door open for ECB action
m Brain-controlled exoskeleton to help kick off FIFA 2014 World Cup
e 'Fargo' without Marge and Jerry, but with an A-list cast
m Married folks have fewer heart problems, study says
e Harper Lee says claim that new memoir has her blessing is 'a falsehood'
e Lily Allen mocks online trolls in 'URL Badman' music video
e The Second Trailer for "Hercules" Has Arrived
b After a sharp decline in January, Connecticut sees jobs rebound
t Warning: Here's What to Do About “Heartbleed” Bug
b New home sales rise 6.4% in April
e Entertainment figures accused of sex abuse
e Do real denim wearers ever wash their threads? Levi's CEO boasts that he hasn  ...
t Tesla Opens Patents For Rivals To Use In Attempt To Speed Up Electric Car  ...
t New rumors claim a curved iPhone 6 with rounded edges
t Rick Scott Reminds People That He's No Scientist When Asked About Manmade  ...
e 3 New TV Spots For 'Dawn Of The Planet Of The Apes'
e Excellent X-Men adventure
e Two of Garth Brooks' Five Dublin Concerts Canceled Due to Permit Issues
m Miller Braves Wind to Help Kick Butts
b What the other papers say this morning - 12 June 2014
m Ebola Outbreak Recorded in Sierra Leone, Five Dead Reported
t LG to unveil G Watch R smartwatch at IFA, with Moto 360-like round display
m Sleep Apnea Linked to Raised Stroke Risk in Women, Too
t Google begins removing contested search results
e Hearing Morgan Freeman talk on helium is pretty damn hilarious
b Latest FOMC Minutes Show RRP Concerns, Unintended Consequences
e Game Of Thrones 'First Of His Name': Is This Kiss The Most Vomit Inducing  ...
e No Room For Miles Morales in Expanding Spider-Man Movie Franchise, Say  ...
e Bark: The biggest surprise at the Emmys
b Twitter co-founders, CEO won't sell shares
e Home / News / Selena Gomez Cut Kylie & Kendall Jenner Out Of Her Life  ...
t Massive recalls challenge GM, frustrate customers forced to wait
t Detroit automakers driving growth of U.S car sales
e 'Dawn of the Planet of the Apes' Releases New Trailers, Looks to Own the Summer
t ET FEATURED ARTICLE OCO-2 Mission to Monitor Earth's Breathing
t EPA tells Ford to lower fuel econony estimates on six models
e 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' Has Year's Biggest Opening Day
t Facebook Slings New Photo/Video Messaging App
t Google's BBC Blog Search Block Spreads Confusion
e Rolling Stone flubs Constitution tattoo on cover
m Sarepta Therapeutic Stock Rating Upgraded by JMP Securities (SRPT)
t Sprint Unveils Galaxy S5, Gear Prices
e Tila Tequila Is Pregnant: Father of Sex Tape Star's Baby Unknown
e Fans React to 'How I Met Your Mother' Finale: 'How I Used 'Mother' to Give Aunt  ...
e Three More Hollywood Big Wigs Named In Lawsuit Following Bryan Singer Sex  ...
e 'True Detective' Was Ultimately About the Journey, Not the Finale
e The 10 Most Ridiculous Soundbites From Beyoncé and Jay Z's "Run" Trailer
b Stocks open broadly higher
e New Star Wars Episode VII film set; leaked footage or fake?
e Avicii to Undergo Surgery, Cancels Ultra Appearance
b GM Staff, Media Flagged Ignition Fault Long Before Recall
e Game Of Thrones: What Is The Iron Bank Of Braavos?
t Blood moon fades as sky-lovers snap photos
b Forex - Euro touches session lows after German ZEW misses
e Miley Cyrus to hit studio with Flaming Lips for next record
b Anthony Noto's Journey From Goldman to Twitter CFO
e Scarlett Johansson and Lupita Nyong'o Target The Jungle Book
b State Links Earthquakes, Fracking
t China confirms Microsoft probe for 'monopoly' actions
e Song and Dance
e KK fans, you've been fooled
b Thompson: 49ers' Kaepernick gives his doubters fuel
t May meteors: Shooting stars light up southern US tonight
e The Grand Budapest Hotel may not be Wes Anderson at his deepest
t Nintendo Promises Changes in Future Tomodachi Life Games
t OkCupid Manipulating Dates For Its Experiments?
b Our View | Carbon Tax Henry Paulson's call to action on climate change
e Angelina Jolie never thought she'd find love or have kids
b Applications For Unemployment Benefits Dip
b New Ford Chief Needs to Put Young Butts in Lincoln Seats
b FTSE 100 watch: Index falls amid disappointing eurozone PMI data
b Airline Stocks Continue To Fall, Now's The Time To Buy
m 100000 Kenyans infected with HIV yearly-New statistics shows
t Facebook users still down after experiment apology
b Cargill profit dips 28% after trading loss
e Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez spotted partying together as source says: 'They  ...
b DOW LOSES 100: Here's What You Need To Know
e Gwyneth Paltrow's Mom Blythe Danner "Upset" About Chris Martin Split: "She  ...
e Miley Cyrus shocks fans with date-rape 'joke' at GAY London gig
b Candy Crush IPO Priced at $22.50 a Share
t Rollings student state winner in Google 4 Doodle
e Barbara Walters retires from on-air work for 'The View' on ABC
t Sony sells more PS4 units, but Microsoft's Xbox One is catching up
e Paul McCartney Helps New York Couple Get Engaged At Concert, 'I Have The  ...
e 'Fury' Trailer: Brad Pitt Leads Soldiers, Outnumbered by German Enemy, in  ...
b Actinium Joins Russell 3000®, Russell 2000®, Russell Global, and Russell  ...
t Aaron Paul is turning on your Xbox One
t Titanfall Will Launch at a 792p Resolution on Xbox One
e The Fault in Our Stars: An Emotional Ride
b Valuation Risk Is Sky-High For General Electric (GE)
e 'Fast & Furious 7' to Film in Abu Dhabi
b S.Africa steel and engineering strike costs over $28 mln a day-employers
e 'Danger' zone: Potato salad fundraiser hits $50K - WSFA.com: News Weather  ...
b Interest in 'Obamacare' surges as midnight deadline nears
e Lindsay Lohan lists her celebrity lovers
b EU car registrations up but crisis not over: data
t Samsung unveils three low-end Galaxy smartphones on Android KitKat
t Another Fire: Tesla Is Back On The Front Pages (TSLA)
e Caleb Johnson crowned winner of American Idol's rocky season 13
b Royal Caribbean unveils major technology focused programs on "Quantam of  ...
e Storms sock the Southeast; 1 killed in Georgia - 21 News Now, More Local News  ...
e Peaches Geldof's Mysterious Death at 25 – No Suicide Note or Sign of Hard  ...
e Jennifer Lawrence: I didn't deliberately trip at Oscars
e WATCH: Michelle Williams' New Video for "Say Yes" Featuring Beyonce, Kelly  ...
t Saffo: Google Glass signals a revolution
e Faith leaders: Today a chance to reflect ahead of Easter
e Tracy Morgan No Longer 'Critical'
e 'True Blood' auctioning off Sookie's bloody finale dress
e 'Girls' actress Allison Williams will star in NBC's live 'Peter Pan'
e Reviews - New movies opening July 18th 2014
m Doctors Design Dialysis Machine For Babies
t Microsoft counts on shooter game Titanfall to boost Xbox One sales
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Could Arrive Sporting UV sensor with 500 Milliseconds  ...
t EBay hacked, 145 million records accessed, users requested to change  ...
e Harrison Ford's Injuries 'Worse Than Initially Reported,' May Miss Two Months of  ...
e Full House Cast Reunion at Dave Coulier's Wedding to Melissa Bring: Inside  ...
b US jobless claims hover near lowest level since 2007
b IPO From Maker of 'Candy Crush Saga' Faces Investor Scrutiny
b Ca. Mayor: 'Saddened' Toyota Moving to Texas
t NeRDs Are Cool Again: Findaway World Develops eReader for the US Navy
m Two cases of Ebola infection reported in Liberia
e 'Transformers 4': What's the verdict?
t Supreme Court Turns Deaf Ear to Google's Street View Appeal
b OECD Estimates Greek Economy Will Improve
e Nadime Gordimer appreciation: She was a champion of freedom
e Mick Jagger attends L'Wren Scott funeral in Los Angeles
b Free trade deal: Government MP George Christensen says Australia-Japan  ...
e Why it's time for True Blood to meet the true death
e Selena Gomez Teams Up with Seth Rogen & Orlando Bloom in We Day California
b FTC Wants More Transparency From Data Brokers
e New Photos and Clips From The Leftovers
e Tawdry reality of being in Vogue
t New US report says climate change is already driving weather events
m Suspected norovirus sickens many swimming in northwest lakes
m New '7 a day' fruit and veg advice
e Book Review: "The Fault in Our Stars"
e Kim Kardashian Takes On The Video Game Industry! Here Are Five Games Her  ...
m Marathon prep: Preventing injuries is key
b California's Obamacare Rates to Average 4.2 Increase in 2015
t Zombie Satellite ISEE-3 Fires Up Engines for First Time Since 1987
b Alibaba's rise: Success and setbacks
e Kiefer Sutherland welcomes Jack back with rebooted '24'
b Krispy Kreme UK creates World Cup-themed donuts
e All five Garth Brooks Dublin shows canceled
m CDC: Restaurants Serving Up Deadly Virus
m SPECIAL ALERT: More West Nile Spraying Locally On Aug. 27
m UVa study: Being alone with one's thoughts uncomfortable for many
b Banks to return 8.3 billion euros in crisis loans to ECB next week
m Heroin epidemic: New York becomes first big city to make cops carry antidote
b Derivatives End Users Get Their Say As Dodd Frank Turns Four
b Grains: Trend Lines (Wheat - Corn - Soybeans)
e Kanye West Trashes Annie Leibovitz for Bailing on His Wedding
t Google Maps update adds support for Android Wear
b Family Dollar announces plans to close hundreds of low performin - kotanow  ...
m Cursing near play area lands Brighton teen $200 fine
e Muppets Most Wanted movie review: Charming film, wasted celebrities
t Apple adds cheaper, slower model to iMac range
t John Legere Wants You To Cheat, Suggests a 7-Night Stand
t Whale militants to head to Atlantic if Japan abides
b Will Boeing Benefit From Emirates Air's Airbus Cancellation?
b Aquino in Myanmar for 24th Asean summit
b Medtronic's $43B Covidien deal—and Irish tax move
t Limited number of Google Glass will be available to buy on Tuesday
e 'Transformers' Will Appeal to Children and Special Effects Fans
e Vin Diesel pays tribute to Paul Walker again
t Automakers see big US sales gains in May on brisk demand, Memorial Day  ...
e 'Colbert Report' official Twitter account removed following controversy
t Microsoft to unveil Office for iPad on March 27 during San Francisco press event?
b King Digital Entertainment PLC (KING): Candy Crush company stock drops on  ...
b Intel Earnings: What to Watch
b South frica treasury says will stick to fiscal path after Fitch outlook change
e Leslie Mann and Cameron Diaz Were a Little Drunk When They First Met
t Cybercrime Affected Half of American Adults and is Beating Firms
t Apple Can't Sell Me a Smart Home
b AT&T Investing $500M in Internet Video with Chernin Group
e Jessica Simpson bans cameras from wedding
e Actress Amy Adams gives up 1st class seat to soldier
t Twitter turns eight – but what impact has it made on business?
b Oil prices hit new nine-month peaks on Iraq violence
b Dow drops more than 300 points Thursday
t Amazon Officially Acquires Twitch, CEO Confirms (Updated)
e Phil Collins donates Texas Revolution artifacts to Alamo
b BNP plans to slash dividend over U.S. settlement
b Blankfein Sees Concern in Guilty Plea by Any Global Bank
t What does the Xbox One April update actually add?
e Last Night's "Mad Men" Premiere Had Lowest Season Premiere Ratings Since  ...
e Non-TV Story of the Day: Retailer Pulls Children's Shirt That Resembles  ...
b Cut the Rope Maker ZeptoLab Challenges King's EU “Candy” Trademark
b Britain to trumpet economic recovery on return to sceptical IMF
b Tax Day Freebies 2014: April 15 Tax Deadline Offers Free Breakfast, Lunch  ...
b What Does The AT&T/DirecTV Deal Mean For Customers?
b Air travel: Late flights are up, complaints down (w/video)
t Apple Store Is Down Worldwide; Are New iMacs Around The Corner?
e Ice Cube slams Paul Walker's posthumous MTV Movie Award win
e Country singer Brad Paisley posts selfies with Westboro members - NBC12.com  ...
e Bachelorette 2014: 5 Biggest WTF Moments From Fantasy Suites
e Macaulay Culkin Booed By Nottingham
m CMS Unveils Medicare Hospital Pricing Data, New Online Tools
t Amazon to release smartphone later this year: report
m CDC: 1 in 68 children have autism
m Autism Groups React to New CDC-Reported Prevalence of 1 in 68 Children
t For Samsung Electronics boss Andy Griffiths life's tough at the top of the tech table
t Fan TV Coming to Time Warner Cable Subscribers Nationwide
e Seth Rogen and Judd Apatow slam journalist over massacre jibe
m Killer virus lurking in forgotten box
e Dylan's 'Like a Rolling Stone' draft sells for $2M - kotanow.com- Scottsbluff Area  ...
b Espirito Santo to Raise Capital After 3.6 Billion-Euro Loss
b Concerned over China's assertiveness, Vietnam wants India to 'rise quickly' in  ...
m Cannabis may Help Prevent Seizures in Children with Severe Epilepsy
m UK : Washing chicken before cooking poses health risk
t Driverless Cars 2 (4-28)
t Not even BlackBerry can escape the Heartbleed bug
t Facebook to buy virtual reality goggles maker for $2bn
b Global recovery to accelerate in 2015: IMF
e Concert review | Miley Cyrus: Singer amped up the provocative
e Pitt celebrates happiness with wall of positivity
e The Voice USA 2014 Top 8 Performances Spoilers Recap (VIDEO)
m Rising CO2 poses significant threat to human nutrition
t Microsoft reveals Windows Phone 8.1's first update, with welcome new features
e Pattinson 'always hiding from paparazzi'
t Squaring New US Climate Report with “All of the Above”
e TV viewers eat up Sharknado sequel
b Germany, EU jobless, US Manufacturing Index
m Motörhead Scientifically Documented As One Of The Most Hardcore Rock Bands  ...
t Google stretches Android to wearable technology, on your wrist
e Justin And Selena's Dirty Dancing Video: The Greatest Fan Freakouts
b Stocks move higher as investors assess US economy and earnings  ...
e Eurovision 2014 semi-final 2: who's competing tonight?
m Researchers develop new drug to combat the measles
t This Morning: Microsoft's New Era, BlackBerry's BBM, Cheers for Rackspace, ARM
b NYC proposes 10-cent grocery bag fee
m Expert Analysis of West Africa's Response to Ebola Outbreak
b Just 11% of long-term jobless find work
m Polio plight
b China's yuan sees respite from recent bruising
m NICE blocks breast cancer drug
e Film studio Lionsgate has announced that it is partnering with Saban Brands  ...
b Think Financial Systems Are Safe? Think Again, Warns Carney
t PlayStation 4 Breaks 7 Million Units Sold
t Gwynne Dyer: Documenting the blindingly obvious effects of climate change
b Judge denies bid to ban driving GM vehicles
e Video: Amazing Spider-Man 2 on Xbox One live stream
e Jessica Simpson and Eric Johnson
b Target removes CEO in wake of massive data breach
b Inflation fall raises pay hopes
t Apple calls on companies to copy its stance on green issues
e (click the phrases to see a list)
e Ellen DeGeneres to launch lifestyle brand
e Justin Bieber Forced to Answer Deposition Questions In Written Form After First  ...
t Microsoft's 'Star Trek' voice translator available before the end 2014
b IAC Said to Buy More Tinder Shares at $5 Billion Valuation
e 'Alien: Isolation' Gameplay To Feature Missions From Original Film
m WHO urges 'drastic action' on Ebola
b Netflix poised to raise streaming prices after strong quarter
b Medtronic, big health companies look to dodge US taxes
b REPORT - President Obama to Nominate Next VA Sec. Monday
t 'Worst video game' dug up from grave after 30 years
e Shailene Woodley wears sexy Elie Saab gown to 'Divergent' premiere (Poll)
e 'X-Men' Director Bryan Singer Accused Of Sexually Abusing Teen Boy
b Understanding The Real Costs Of Government-Insured Home Mortgages
t NASA gives actor William Shatner top civilian honor
b Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 did NOT fly for 4 hours after it disappeared from  ...
e Macklemore Issues Statement After Wearing 'Offensive' Outfit
e Kylie Jenner Hooked up With Justin Bieber
m Cedars-Sinai study: Common drug restores blood flow in deadly form of  ...
m Kiwis in world top 10 for longevity
e Liam Payne: My tweets are deep
t Dodge flexes some serious muscle with latest SRT
e Noah: Russell Crowe and Emma Watson wow the crowds at London premiere
t Google share price: Company to unveil Android TV device at I/O
e Kanye West Admits Annie Leibovitz 'Pulled Out' Of Photographing Him And Kim's  ...
t 'Burger King Baby' finds birth mom with Facebook's help
b Walgreens Misses on Q3 Earnings, Fresh Fiscal 2016 View Awaited
e Kourtney Kardashian Takes Her Baby Bump To Lunch! Find Out What She's  ...
t Europe and South Korea join forces to standardize 5G, even though true 4G still  ...
e Gwyneth Paltrow Mid-Life Crisis? After Split From Husband Chris Martin She's  ...
m E-cigarettes boost success of quitting smoking: study
e Pink Floyd is releasing their first album in twenty years
t Would Microsoft really cut its QA department?
e Why Wasn't Jennette McCurdy at Kids' Choice Awards? She Blames  ...
e The Cap is back and better than ever
m Number of children diagnosed with autism soars
e Kim Kardashian - Kim Kardashian lands the cover of US Vogue
b US futures rising ahead of Yellen address
e NeNe Leakes: With Charlie White & Meryl Davis On DWTS 'It's A Little Uneven'
m 2 Cases Of Ebola Confirmed In Liberia
e Stacy Keibler Ties The Knot At Surprise Wedding In Mexico
b Uber threatens traditional taxis
m 13 Long Island Beaches Closed Thanks To High Bacteria Levels
b Inflation Finally Arrives — at Least at the Wholesale Level
b Is Burger King's Deal with Tim Hortons Going to Affect Its Popularity?
e Hollywood Is Giving Up on Comedy
e Review: Chris O'Dowd shines in 'Of Mice and Men'
e Game of Thrones author George RR Martin reacts to shock scene change
b March 20, 2014, 1:33 am
e Get the Most Popular Beauty World News Stories in a Weekly Newsletter
t New images, details surface for Valve's VR headset
e Amanda Bynes Shares Bikini Photos from Spring Break
m Bacteria Found on Airplanes Can Live for Days
t 5.5-inch variant of Apple iPhone 6 may get delayed
b Bloomberg: Ford Will Name Mark Fields Next CEO
t GM Recalling 56000 Saturn Auras for Gear Shift Problem
b Malaysia strikes deal with Ukraine rebels to allow police at MH17 site
e Hot Teaser Trailer: 'Teenage Mutant Ninja …
b WWE Money In the Bank Report – 6/29/14
b No late-night tax return mailing in Sacramento this year
e 'Bad planning behind tepid sales' Cyrus, Martin to perform at Billboard Music  ...
b Michael Lewis: The U.S. stock market is rigged
b Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Finds Four Out of Five Payday Loans are  ...
t Bum parachute mars U.S. 'saucer' test
e Parades celebrate gay pride in cities across country
e Veteran Character Actor James Rebhorn Dies At 65
t LG's G Pro 2 to Cost Less than Samsung's Galaxy S5 in Taiwan, Telling of US  ...
e Shield star Michael Jaces arrested on suspicion of murder after fatal shooting of  ...
m Proper drug disposal promoted through local event
t Japan automakers recall 3 mn vehicles globally
b BofA to Pay $9.5 Billion to Resolve FHFA Claims
t NHTSA chief: GM did not share critical information with US agency
e Beyonce, Solange, Blake Lively, James Franco, Gucci's Frida Giannini Celebrate  ...
b US stocks little changed on mixed data
e Lindsay Lohan wants 'integrity'
t Foursquare to split app in 2: one for discovery, one for check-ins
e Kim Kardashian's Crazy Sexy Look Is a Bit Much for a Family Dinner (PHOTO)
b UPDATE 1-Bank of England's Carney says rates could rise sooner than expected
e Insane Clown Posse suit against FBI tossed out, Juggalos are offically  ...
m Dark Chocolate eases walking for artery disease patients
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport vs. Motorola Moto X: Will The Moto X Survive This  ...
t Jeff Kagan: Why Amazon.com Fire Phone Looks to Be a Success
e Staying Downtown? Fireworks & much more this July 4th weekend
e MOVIE REVIEW: 'Godzilla:' Still Kitschy, after all these years
b Starbucks iPhone app adds digital tipping
m Whooping cough declared an epidemic in California
t Samsung launches Galaxy K Zoom for Rs 29999, exclusively on Amazon India
t Teens love Facebook after all, says new Forrester study
b Judge: State can't show incomplete video at trial
m Dr. Oz scolded at Capitol Hill hearing on weight loss scams
t Climate Change Could Wipe Out Landmarks
b Federal prosecutors open criminal probe of GM recall
e Taylor Swift Named Highest Earning Musician Of The Year Thanks To 'Red' Tour
e American Idol – Season 13 Episode 16 “Top 11 Finalists Perform” – RECAP
b Taco Bell launches breakfast hours, menu with waffle tacos -- and 'Ronald  ...
e Sen. Schumer Wants Tighter Trucking Regulations
e Transformers raid Hong Kong in 'Age of Extinction'
m E-Cigarettes may not Help You Give Up Smoking
m KATH Has Recorded Ghana First Ebola Casualty
m New malaria vaccine under development
t Existence of 'habitable' world disproved
t Edward Snowden speaks at SXSW in Austin on Monday, March 10.
b Malaysia 1
e Bonnaroo Will Begin With Pusha T & The Second Coming Of Yeezus
m WATCH: Oscar Pistorius Murder Trial - June 30th
t Florida: 5 Things To Know For July 8th
t Racer hospitalized after Hill Climb wreck
e RnB artiste Chris Brown's assault trial delayed to next week; his bodyguard's trial  ...
b Virtu Financial expects to raise up to $100 million in IPO
e Gift Ideas for Mom
e Sharknado 2 Has Arrived... So Let's Talk About It!
b US jury orders Takeda, Eli Lilly to pay $9-bn damages
b King and Tencent Announce the Launch of Candy Crush Saga in China
t Otherworldly Ambitions of Elon Musk
e NY Times Publisher Arthur Sulzberger Trashes Jill Abramson — Denies Sexism
t Samsung unveils Galaxy Tab S
e Pharrell Williams cries on Oprah
b Samsung to Start Crisis Management with 3 Strategies
e Jamie Lynn Spears Got Hitched & Gave The Best Favors Ever
e Robert Downey, Jr. Releases Statement on Son Indio's Arrest
t NASA astronaut: 'Space has a smell'
m The importance of knowing your blood pressure level in preventing hypertension
m Sarepta to Submit Application for Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy Treatment  ...
e Cannes Film Festival: Winter Sleep wins Palme D'Or
t Google Buys the Makers of the Magical Google Glass Translation App
e How Did Prince William & Kate Celebrate Father's Day?
e Season Ticket Holder takes Laviolette's Ice Bucket Challenge
b India concerned over tension in South China Sea
e Shia LaBeouf Led Out of 'Cabaret' in Handcuffs: Calls Officer a 'Fag'
b Amtrak cancels some morning service to and from Boston after train strikes truck  ...
b Oil Up Ahead of Likely Stockpile Falls
b Cyber espionage trial would be groundbreaking but odds of extraditing culprits  ...
m Implantable birth control chip could be on sale by 2018
t Apple Voluntarily Agrees To Put Anti-Theft Kill Switch Into Next Gen iPhones
t Android Wear unveiled by Google
b China's Yuan Reverses Advance on Default Risk as Economy Slows
e Rob Kardashian Partying With Khloe in Vegas: Family Worried About His  ...
b PREVIEW ECB set to cut rates to head off deflation, boost economy By Andrew  ...
t Skylanders Trap Team launch revives toys-to-life games
b AT&T acquires DirecTV for US$67bn to create next generation telecoms giant
m Ebola outbreak: Fresh warning issued as regional crisis talks start
e HBO Renews "Game of Thrones"
b Nissan profit beats estimates on gains in China, US demand
e Frozen's Idina Menzel Opens Up About John Travolta Oscars Flub: I've Only  ...
t Google Glass one-day invitation-free sale quickly comes to a close
b Markets on High Alert Ahead of July 4 Holiday
m Salmonella outbreak linked to Foster Farms chicken ongoing, 524 sickened in  ...
m Bloomberg's Big Soda Ban Dies Sweet Death: Obesity, Diabetes ProsperDaily  ...
e Drew Barrymore's Half-Sister Found Dead In Car Aged 47
e Paul McCartney hospitalized in Japan 0
t Yahoo News Digest app arrives for Android
m Study finds paper money is breeding ground for gross bacteria
b 6 things to see and do with Southwest Airlines new $99 airfares
t Discovery of an Earth-sized planet in the habitable zone
e Garth Brooks disappoints 400000 people
m The First Lady Is Ready for a Food Fight Over School Lunch
t Fossil of world's smallest hedgehog unearthed in Canada
e Channel Surfer: Monday's TV (with VIDEO)
b Amaya Gaming Reaches Stunning Deal to Purchase PokerStars, Full Tilt Poker
e Conchita Wurst's Eurovision Victory Sparks Anger In Russia
b Analysts hike earnings estimates for American Airlines Group
e Hugh Jackman goes nude for X-Men but India's unlikely to see it
m Married folks found with fewer heart woes
t Sony recalls some of its Vaio laptops because batteries can overheat
t Heartbleed bug: BlackBerry to release security updates
b Anti-GMO foods rally planned
e Kim Kardashian: Blond is the New Hair Color
e Anita Baker: Arrest Warrant Issued For Iconic Singer
b Russian central bank ready to support sanctions-hit Bank Rossiya
b No 'Turkish Olympics' to be held in state halls: PM
t The Big Money of Apple vs. Samsung
b BP tar sands refinery dumps crude oil into Lake Michigan just miles from Chicago
e Police crackdown on drunken driving for Cinco de Mayo weekend
e 'Sharknado 2': The 13 most outrageous moments
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Tips and Tricks
b Kraft Includes Knudsen, Breakstone's In Cottage Cheese Recall
e Seth MacFarlane And Charlize Theron Now "Lifelong Friends" After Working on  ...
e Every Easter Egg In CAPTAIN AMERICA: THE WINTER SOLDIER
b Final deadline arrives for Covered California sign-up
b Chinese dairy Shengmu seeks Hong Kong IPO
t Just when you thought mobile game Flappy Bird was gone forever, think again
e Film Review: In Linklater's entrancing 'Boyhood,' everyday life provides all the  ...
t Automakers to recall air bags in humid parts of US - WBOC-TV 16, Delmarvas  ...
t British public to vote on 21st century Longitude Prize
t Climate Change This Week: Patriots Win the Fracking War, and More!
t Lawmakers: Comcast deal bad for viewers
t Fingerprint Readers Said to Launch On Apple's New iPads
t Will the FTC Lawsuit Affect a Sprint and T-Mobile Merger?
m S. Arabia announces jump in new cases of deadly MERS virus
m FDA proposes program to speed approval of medical devices
e Film review: Guardians Of the Galaxy (12A)
e Anna Wintour Says Kardashian/West Vogue Cover Was 'Entirely Our Idea'
e David Muir to replace Diane Sawyer on ABC's 'World News'
b Jerry Seib: Kerry Describes Ukraine 'Flash Points'
b Air France-KLM cuts profit forecast
b Fali Nariman appointed amicus in SEBI Sahara matter; Sahara allowed to sell  ...
b Samsung's Q2 results reveal 'sluggish' tablet sales, slowdown in smartphone  ...
b First Take: Facebook takes on another transition as results surge
t The biggest barrier to an Apple-Comcast deal
e Mayor: 'Truly a blessed Easter Sunday celebration here in Oak Hill'
m Watching too much TV Daily for more than 3 hours causes Premature Death
e Hugh Jackman Filming X-Men And Wolverine Films Back To Back?
e Reality Steve Bachelorette Spoilers 2014: Is Andi Engaged?
b Consumer Price Index Jumps 0.4%
e Singer/songwriter Jesse Winchester dies at 69
b Crumbs Stock Rises a Whopping 950 Percent at the Hint of a Lifeline
e Kristen Stewart: 'To make a movie is so ridiculous'
e Commentary: Is Jill Abramson's firing sexism?
e Favreau's charming 'Chef' stirs appetite
b Political `earthquake' hits EU polls
m Watch 2-Year-Old Amputee Walk on His Own
b Yellen Says Fed Will Eventually Stop Reinvesting Maturing Bonds
b GE Targets Late July for Credit Card IPO
b Major Currency Pairs: Euro Extended Losses Against Dollar
e Singer's attorney denies claims
e Star Wars Episode VII Begins Shooting
b King Digital Investors Not Sweet On 'Candy Crush' Maker's IPO
m Continued Use Of Low-Dose Aspirin May Lower Pancreatic Cancer Risk
m Four Loko to remove caffeine kick
b NYS Division of Consumer Protection and the NYS Tax
t Leaked Photos May Reveal IPhone 6 Housing For The First Time
e Drew Carey eliminated from 'Dancing With the Stars' as season 18 reaches  ...
b Stocks start the week with a lift
e Warner Bros., Johnny Depp Unable to Transcend Box Office Numbers
b Greenpeace activists jump aboard 2 drill rigs in Arctic protest
m Bird tests positive for West Nile Virus
t NASA Opportunity rover now holds distance record for other worlds
e Lindsay Lohan's mom loses license for a year after drunken driving
m Blood Donor Week
t US Astronauts on Taks in Open Space
m Women are at the 'epicenter of Alzheimer's disease,' says new report
b Yahoo Japan drops $3.2bn plan to buy eAccess from SoftBank
e Macaulay Culkin's pizza band heckled off stage
t How the Consumer Wins In the Wireless Wars
b Recovery 'still some way off' - MPC
e COLBERT REPORT Sparks Anger Amongst Twitter Community
e FOX to air royal-themed reality show 'I Wanna Marry Harry'
m 'Lucid dreams' could tackle PTSD
b Obama administration reverses planned cuts to Medicare Advantage
m Here's something to smile about — 20 other facial expressions
e US Airways apologises for graphically sexual tweet to disgruntled customer
t Mozilla shelves Metro Firefox, cites user apathy toward Windows 8
e At Cannes, Tommy Lee Jones turns the western on its head
b Shares in pharma firm Shire hike after Allergan takeover bid report
e 'The Other Woman' Premiere In NYC: Kate Upton, Cameron Diaz & More
e Game of Thrones Cast Star In Third Trailer and Appear on the Cover of Vanity  ...
t Google Is Sad People Don't Like Glass, So It Made A List Dispelling Popular  ...
t Sneaky Facebook psychological experiment could cost the company £500000
b Texas Fracking Nuisance Award Could Embolden Plaintiffs Bar
t Facebook Adds Shazam-Like Software to Their Mobile Apps…
m Jim Kelly starts chemotherapy in battle against cancer
t Avast! Security Firm's Forums Attacked Over the Weekend
m Craven Relay fundraising continues into final week
e 'Noah' rains down on 'Divergent'
b Postal workers union plans protest of Staples stores
e Flashback: Steve Perry Plays 'Don't Stop Believin'' on Final Tour
m Massachussetts startup developing remote-controlled birth control implant
m Ebola crisis spreads
b Should I Invest In Barclays PLC Now?
m Less Sex, Fighting, and Smoking Seen Among High School Students
b How clean is your favorite beach?
t Samsung Apps Gets a Rebrand; Now Called 'Galaxy Apps'
e CBS' 'Blue Bloods' defies traditions
b Wash. pot stores set to open
t It looks like Apple's iWatch may come with a painful compromise
e Find Out What Changed Mila Kunis' Mind About Marriage
t Morning Jolt: 'Burger King baby' meets mom who abandoned her
b S&P Capital IQ Reacts To Recent News About JP Morgan Chase & Co  ...
e James Franco - James Franco Lashes Out At Theatre Critic
t Why do companies keep getting hacked?
t HTC One (M8) gets a $100 discount on Verizon
m Life expectancy increases by four years
t The Samsung TVs we dug at CES now have prices
e Guess Which Part of Miley Cyrus's Body Got a New Tattoo of a Sad Kitty? Find  ...
m People are good smellers
b Notable Mergers and Acquisitions of the Day 04/15: (ZBRA)/(MSI) (AAN) (MLAB  ...
e The Duchess of Cambridge&#039;s first love marries
e Guardians of the Galaxy review – smart and funny retro thrills
m Two Men Cloned for Stem Cells by Company Destroying Human Embryos
e Pin-up photographer and model Bunny Yeager, famous for shots of Bettie Page  ...
e Pics: Inside Ciara's Beverly Hills Baby Shower
e Kim Kardashian Wears the Same Shirt Two Days in a Row (PHOTOS)
b Seeing the Less Distressing Side of Existing Home Sales
t Amazon Plans Free Video-Streaming Service
t Attacker, 34, sent to jail
t Deutsche Telekom Said to Deem Iliad Offer Non-Competitive
b In unlikely twist, industry agrees to ban 'microbeads'
m Family of sick boy 'begging' for use of experimental drug
m Benedictine Students Celebrate Graduation
m Human nose more proficient at scent detection than previously thought
b Twitter shares drop 11% in wake of slowdown in user growth
b Amazon's new 'Fire Phone' to challenge Apple iPhone, Samsung
e ABC removes Bryan Singer's name from 'Black Box' commercials: Report
t Tesla Motors Inc. share price down, Musk opens patents vault to speed up  ...
t UPDATE 2-Intel to make tablet chips with China's Rockchip
e Coldplay Have Some Tricks Up Their Sleeve in Video for New Single 'Magic'
b Alcatel-Lucent narrows Q1 loss through cost-cutting, more profitable products
m USDA announces 1st update to poultry inspection rules since 1957
m Doctors use '10 million person' measles vaccine dose to kill cancer
b S&P cuts Bulgaria's sovereign rating to BBB-
b Tesco boss Philip Clarke to admit profits won't rise for two years
b Dollar Gains On Talk Of Fed Tightening
b Dollar and Wall Street soften ahead of Fed's decision on monetary policy
b Letter reveals Charney ouster from American Apparel allegedly due to "financial  ...
m Ebola virus kills more than 100 people in Guinea
e Cheryl Burke Puts Fat Jibes Behind Her As She Loses 15lbs After Trying 'Every  ...
t Nintendo takes on Skylanders and Disney Infinity with new figurines
t Samsung launches four new products in a day
t YET ANOTHER General Motors recall: Fire risk cited in 218,00 Chevrolet Aveo  ...
e Claremore police tell 2NEWS the man was working in a hole in the new parking  ...
t Top WhatsApp tips for Windows Phone on your Lumia
e Ellen DeGeneres and Portia de Rossi Get Marriage Counseling: Relationship  ...
b Inflation rate climbs two per cent in April, reaching highest point in two years
b GoPro's IPO Price $100 Million: Camera Maker Looks to Raise Serious Cash  ...
b GM recall may affect its sales, analysts say
t Apple Agrees To Conditionally Settle E-Book Price Fixing Lawsuit For $400 Million
e Olympic medalist Shaun White crashes high school prom
e Eminem's Special Mother's Day Tribute: Video
e 'Power Rangers' Join Forces With Lionsgate To Release New Live-Action  ...
t BlackBerry looks to cutprice phones to stop decline
m New guidelines would expand use of statins
b Fed's Dudley says pace of rate hikes to be 'slow'
m 78 Dead As Guinea Struggles To Contain Ebola Outbreak
m Malaria Symptoms, Prevention & Treatment: New Vaccine Traps Parasite; More  ...
e CinemaCon 2014: Universal undresses first footage of 'Fifty Shades'—and it's  ...
t Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Joins Hands With JD.com And Tencent To Sell  ...
e Today in WTF: Lady Gaga's new Artpop film 'G.U.Y.' cannot be more surreal
e 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier' Continues to Reign No.1 At The Box Office
m WHO mission finds infection control gaps fueling MERS surge
e And they lived happily ever after
b Tea Party stopped an IRS power grab and scored a huge victory for free speech
t Fireball observed in Finnish skies (Video)
e Craig Ferguson is leaving 'Late Late Show.' (Credit: Frederick M. Brown/Getty  ...
m These 3 TV Habits Could Help Your Child Sleep Longer
t NASA to Launch Global Warming Tracking Satellite Today
b Chiquita-Fyffes merge to make top bananas
b In the enws: Wells Fargo cutting back on interest-only loans, Dollar General  ...
e First Lady Michelle Obama And Daughters Attend Beyonce And Jay Z's 'On The  ...
e Police Not Treating Peaches Geldof Death As Suspicious After Finding 'No  ...
m Company denies drug to dying child, family turns to social media
t Steve Jobs Told Apple Execs That Company Won't Release HDTV
t Zacks Investment Ideas feature highlights: EBay, Imperva, Symantec and Check  ...
t Oracle wins copyright ruling against Google over Android
e Beyonce and Jay Z have confimed their rumoured tour. Big yes to this news
e Actor Michael Jace Pleads Not Guilty
t 10 things we love about Windows Phone 8.1 and Nokia Lumia 630
e Sir Mick Jagger - Rolling Stones to return to Australia in October
b JPMorgan loses top executive to Carlyle Group
e Sherri Shepherd now fighting two husbands
t iOS 8: Top eight features
e Remembering Aneglou's visit to Buff State
t Facebook's slingshot app now available in India
t Samsung Galaxy Core 2 goes on sale in India for INR 11900 (Update)
t Bill would make 'early warning' auto data public
b Smartphones Weigh on Samsung Electronics as Guidance Disappoints
e Zendaya Coleman To Star As 'Aaliyah: Princess Of R&B' In Lifetime Biopic Movie
e Muppets Most Wanted
t ESA's mission found Antarctica's ice losses are on rise
b American pulls fares from Orbitz after failing to reach a deal
t Google Glass goes on sale in the UK
e Lana Del Rey Single: 'Young And Beautiful' Singer Confirms Split With Boyfriend  ...
e Zara pulls Holocaust shirt off the racks
e Getting In on Ice Bucket Challenge
b AbbVie to Buy Shire for $54.8 Billion
b Argentina debt talks fail, default looms
e Miley Cyrus hospitalized, on medical rest
e Who Won Dancing With The Stars 2014 Tonight 5/20/14?
e 'Girls': About That Vomit Scene
e Will Artistic Interpretation Trump Biblical Accuracy in Darren Aronofsky&apos;s  ...
e Teaser Trailer : Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
e Neighbors and Other Movie Title Doppelgangers
t Nokia Lumia 930 Up For Pre-order In Europe
t T-Mobile lets users "Test Drive" network with iPhone 5s for free
t Mass. gas prices rise by another penny
e British Kim Kardashian Blew $30000 on Surgery to Become a Kim Klone
e Would you punch Justin Bieber in the face? Help make your decision with our  ...
e Gary Oldman Defends Mel Gibson, Alec Baldwin's Lack Of Political Correctness  ...
e What I've learnt: Mark Wahlberg
e Prince Michael Jackson Says Michael Jackson Was The 'Best Dad Ever' In  ...
b Tyson Recalls Chicken Nuggets That May Contain Plastic
t 'Burger King Baby' reunited with birth mother after Facebook post goes viral
m Video of topless woman trashing Tampa Bay area McDonalds goes viral
t A Day To Forget For Teen At Center Of TweetDeck Shutdown
b GE vows to boost French jobs with Alstom bid - letter
b Apple 'Smart Home' Rumors; PS4 Hitting China; Amazon vs. Hachette
e Dancing with the Stars 2014 Predictions: Week 5 – Who Goes Home?
t Pace of Home Price Gains Slow, and More
e Ron Howard to explore Beatlemania in new Beatles documentary
b Business news and markets: as it happened - March 11, 2014
e Brosnan, Pierce Brosnan, back in action
t Beats deal victory for stadium guerrilla marketing
b Merkel: Russia faces more sanctions, G8 suspended
m Physical Activity Can Help Older Adults Maintain Mobility
t BlackBerry CEO takes jibe at Android's new security features
t Xbox One Controller Will Be PC-Compatible... Eventually
b Chips are up as Intel predicts Q2 revenues of US$13.7bn
m NYC's Supreme Court says no ban on big sodas
m MSDH investigates first possible case of chikungunya in Miss.
t Apple, IBM To Team Up On Mobile Devices
e Joss Whedon releases new film 'In Your Eyes' on Vimeo
m Scottish skin cancer rates soar
e Tragedy promised in last Hobbit film
b Global Markets Overview – June 19, 2014
t Tumblr's mobile app now offers blog editing
b If Oil Prices Keep Rising, Analysts Say Buy the Russian Ruble
b Facebook reports big boost in sales and profit, departure of CFO
b Twitter Media Head Chloe Sladden Leaves
e Kim Kardashian Steps Out In One of Her Most Revealing Tops Yet!
b CAL in position to adopt flight tracking measures: chairman
t VIDEO: Tesla Motors Frees Electric Car Patents For Competitors
e Khloe Kardashian Buys Justin Bieber's House Whilst Selena Gomez Subpoenaed
m Child found to be allergic to Apple's iPad
e Cool things that happened at Bonnaroo
b BNP Paribas can absorb US fine without cash call: CEO Jean-Laurent Bonnafe
b Bitcoin exchange faced hacker onslaught
b Oil prices mixed
e Transformers: Age of Extinction, Nearly 3 Hour Run-Time
m Electrical stimulation of the brain can induce lucid dreaming
m Gorilla delivers by emergency C-section
t Microsoft Surface Pro 3 - Gorgeous Specs and Configuration Revealed
b California drought: New state restrictions include $500 a day fines
b GameStop Posts Disappointing Q4 Score, 2014 Guidance
m Obesity surgery provides effective treatment for Type 2 diabetes: study
t UPDATE 2-Microsoft targeted in apparent Chinese antitrust probe
e 'The Bachelor': And the final rose goes to ...
t Microsoft Surface Mini Launch Date Might Fall on May 20
b For McDonald's, Europe is the land of opportunity
e Jack Bauer is back to save the day
e Report: Johnny Depp asked to take the stand in bizarre murder trial
b China Loses Challenge To American Trade Laws as Tensions Simmer
t Watch the new, customizable Windows Phone 8.1 camera app in action (video)
b Euro Earthquake
b 'Negative depositrate' move tipped
e Twitter launches real-time music chart (but only in the US)
b Self-Employed? Sign Up For 2014 Health Care Coverage by March 31
b Iran building fake US aircraft carrier to destroy in propaganda attack
t If $50 won't do it, what about $100? Microsoft sweetens trade-in deals for XP  ...
t Most social for Facebook
e Second Accuser Steps Forward With Teen Sex Allegations Against Bryan Singer
e Field of Dreams 25th anniversary
e New 'X-Men' ends with a bang
e Maksim Chmerkovskiy Was Meant To Win 'DWTS' with Meryl Davis - Watch His  ...
b Detroit retirees, workers get ready to vote on pension cuts
e Jay Z and Solange Fight Trending on Twitter [VIDEO] Fans React  ...
m Risk of Car Crash Increases Drastically during Second Trimester of Pregnancy  ...
e Box Office Update: 'Noah' Floats On With $44 Million; 'Sabotage' Flops for Arnold
t Twitter bringing real-time pop-up notifications to its website
b India's Sun Pharma gets FDA import ban on Gujarat plant
b Final Covered California Deadline is Midnight on April 15
m Woman Undergoes Life Changing Surgery
b Mortgage Interest Rates Worsen Today at PHH Mortgage Friday Mar 21
t Glass One-Day Sale Ends: Cotton Version Sells Out, Google Quiet on Sales Total
m You don't have to be an expert to benefit from meditation, says study
b Many pilot errors, systems' complexity cited in Asiana crash
t Google's prototype self-driving car have no steering wheel, acceleration and  ...
b Coldwater Creek files for bankruptcy protection, will close Tuscaloosa store in  ...
t What Facebook did to outrage users
e Mets Mascot: Secret Service Threatened to Shoot Me If I Got Too Close to Clinton
e McCarthy adds to gallery of unkempt characters in 'Tammy'
b European Factors to Watch-Shares set for steady open, BNP seen up
e Deliver Us From Evil Review: Horror Meets CSI
m Study Says People Choose Their Spouse Based On Genetic Similarities!
t Google Restores the “Forgotten” Links After Widespread Criticism
e Miley Cyrus Hospitalized for 'Severe Allergic Reaction,' Bangerz Show Canceled
e Former “Two and a Half Men” star Angus Jones: “I was a paid hypocrite”
e Troian Bellisario: 'Of course' the 'Pretty Little Liars' stars were photoshopped in  ...
t Google Has Plans For Titan Drones
e Is Terry Richardson an Artist or a Predator? Both, Most Likely
e VIDEO Two and a Half Men's Angus T. Jones is unrecognizable, says he was a  ...
t Forget Godzilla, Komodo dragons return to the Bronx Zoo for new exhibit
e Celebrities at Coachella Music Festival 2014: Couples PDA, Hippie Outfits, and  ...
m FDA investigates potential risks of spray sunscreen, says children are at greater  ...
t GM picks former Lehman investigator Valukas to lead recall probe
e Mick Jagger's Rolling Stones bandmates lend support to bereaved singer
b Home building up in March after frigid winter
e Kim and Kanye's wedding list
t Nokia Lumia 830 Leaked
t Don't miss rare lunar eclipse tonight
b How Box Sets Itself Apart
t AT&T objects to 600 MHz auction rules
e Of Family and Training Dragons
e Macaulay Culkin: 9 Crazy Facts About the 'Home Alone' Star
e 'Heaven Is for Real' Review: Even Skeptics Can Find This Tale Humane and  ...
b Chinese special envoy meets Malaysian PM over MH370
t Microsoft pulls plug on XP
e NBC12 and CW Richmond create video for International Day of Happiness
b Alibaba picks US for IPO; in talks with six banks for lead roles
t NASA launches carbon-detecting satellite
t Microsoft Reportedly Planning to Turn Nokia X into Windows Phone
e Miley Cyrus - Miley Cyrus Films Fight Between Fans At Concert
b UPDATE 2-China June trade data misses forecasts, doubts over economy linger
m Study: Americans Generally Don't Like Meditating
e Roses ripped off from Rufty's
e Scandal Star Columbus Short Arrested For Felony Battery
t Images released of 1888 shipwreck in San Francisco Bay
b Survey: 56 percent say oil companies will use Iraq crisis as excuse to raise gas  ...
b New EPA rules may speed up changes in how you get power
b Morning Scan: Fed to End Bond Buying in October; US Lags in Payments
b Asia-Pacific set to beat North America for number of Twitter users this year
t GM recalls 428000 vehicles in four safety recalls
t Hello world? Leaked images of WhatsApp voice-calling feature spotted on the Web
t How Supreme Court ruling affects Aereo, the cloud, and you
b Brent near 9-month top above $115 on Iraq tensions
m States told to address Medicaid backlogs
b Stocks down slightly, but on track for great May
t Comcast Turns Back Cord-Cutting Tide, Adds New Video Customers
t Amazon prepared to fight in-app purchases related FTC lawsuit if it is filed
t Russian Company with Ties to Apple Says iPhone 6 Release Date in September
t Samsung Exynos 5430 processor with 2K display support, Intel LTE revealed
e L'Wren Scott laid to rest in LA
e Judge Joe Brown arrested for contempt of court in Memphis
t Google Snares Ex-Amazon Execs' Retail Analytics Co.
e Film review: 'Transcendence'
t Nokia X future coming to an end
b BlackBerry Ends T-Mobile U.S. Licensing Agreement
b VIDEO: Kraft Recalls Cottage Cheese Due To Poor Storage
b Candy Crush maker King has rough IPO day
e 'Rolf Harris put hands in my pants'
t Apple's “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at Zacks (AAPL)
t After Surviving Lunar Eclipse, NASA Spacecraft Crashes Into Moon
t General Motors Issues Another Recall Over Faulty Vehicle Ignition Switches  ...
e Legendary star Mickey Rooney dies at age 93
e Maps to the Stars Trailer: Love is Stronger Than Death
e American Airlines: Teen Who Made Fake Twitter Under Arrest in Rotterdam
b HP's axed jobs tally approaches 50000 with latest losses
t MSFT, NOK: Nokia Phones to Be Renamed Microsoft Mobile
e Benzino 'Embarrassed' After Getting Shot At His Mother's Funeral
t Apple iPod touch (2014)
e Disney Parks Around the World Celebrate 50th Anniversary of 'it's a small world  ...
e Rap Genius Co-Founder Forced Out Over Offensive Elliot Rodger Manifesto  ...
b Stocks Buzz - Allergan, Inc. (NYSE:AGN), American Apparel Inc (NYSEMKT:APP  ...
b Family Dollar to close 370 stores, cut prices on 1000 items
e Angelina Jolie: 'Kids Are Who They Are When They're Born'
m VIDEO: Kansas Girl Dies After Contracting Rare Brain-Eating Amoeba
e Coachella 2014: Campers live the good life at festival
t Samsung Internal Document Shows List of Galaxy Smartphones Set to Receive  ...
e Robert De Niro to Join Robert Pattinson in Olivier Assayas' IDOL'S EYE
e Get the Most Popular Beauty World News Stories in a Weekly Newsletter
e Forget about the Star Wars Episode 7 rumours: Zac Efron wants a High School  ...
m Japan's women first, men eighth in longevity poll
e Mila Kunis And Ashton Kutcher May Be Expecting A Baby, And Then They'll Get  ...
t Facebook steps up privacy
e 'The Bachelor' Juan Pablo naked pictures? Nikki Ferrell has the nude photos
t Starbucks will let coffee drinkers wirelessly charge phones
e Justin Bieber Surprises Coachella With Chance The Rapper Duet Performance
m Guinea raises death toll due to Ebola epidemic to 95
t Google Now cards available to PC, Mac users
b Southwest to trim flight schedule at Albuquerque
m More than 200 people report getting sick after swimming at Kitsap County lake
b UPDATE 5-GM suspends South African output as striking union spurns offer
e Juan Pablo, Nikki Ferrell Enjoy First "Real" Date Since Bachelor: Photo
e Video! Jay Z Violently Attacked by Beyoncé's Sister Solange
e Comic-Con offers 'Hunger Games' sneak peek
e Maya Angelou taught us how to talk about ourselves
t Defiant Snowden would 'absolutely' leak again
e Miley Cyrus UPDATE: Singer still hospitalized, postpones 2 tour dates
t Is Apple Prepping a Bigger iPad for 2015?
t Backyard Universe: A few meteors tonight
e Charlotte Christians mark Palm Sunday
t Microsoft rebrands 'Windows Azure' to 'Microsoft Azure'
e Ariana Grande, Jessie J & Nicki Minaj 'Bang Bang' At MTV VMAs
t Android Wear: The watches from Motorola, LG and more
e Emma Stone Has a Cute New Haircut
b MARKET COMMENT: UK Stocks Set For Lower Open As Iraq, Ukraine Weigh
b Weibo Cuts IPO Size Amid Selloff In Technology Stocks
t Comcast, Apple in talks over streaming-TV device
m CDC: Autism Rates May (Or May Not) Be On The Rise
e Destiny and Warframe in Ice Bucket challenge
b EXPLICIT PICS: We take you inside Adobe's Creative Cloud update
e David Brenner, comedian and 'Tonight Show' regular, dies at 78
t Nasa Outlines Roadmap for Finding Life Beyond Earth
t E-Bay Urges Users to Change Passwords After Hack
t Apple to acquire Pandora-for-podcasts app Swell for $30 million
e Rocker Keith Richards Set To Publish Children's Book
t West Antarctic Ice Sheet Is Collapsing
b Landmark Agreement Signed to Restore and Protect Chesapeake Bay Watershed
t Facebook's Paper App Gets New Legs to Stand On Its Own
t Pastor Greg Boyd Says the Four Blood Moons Predict Nothing: 'A Waste of Your  ...
t Microsoft, Nokia Deal to Close April 25
b US Taco Co. and Urban Tap Room; New Chef at Soho House
t Google share price: YouTube owner settles 'landmark' copyright lawsuit
e Comedian David Brenner, a Tonight Show favourite, dead at 78
m Too much TV doubles early death risk
e The Fault In Our Stars Clip Proves Hazel And Augustus Are The Best Couple  ...
t Giant telescopes paired up to help capture near-earth asteroid images
b China's Alibaba seeks blockbuster initial public offering in US
e 'Mr. Peabody & Sherman' beats 'Need for Speed' in race to top of box office
b Why Capital One Financial (COF) Stock Is Rising In After-Market Trading
t The Windows 8.1 Update: Everything you need to know
b Yellen: We're Pretty Familiar With This Milton Friedman Fellow
b City tells app to stop selling parking spaces
t Feds to Facebook: Hands Off WhatsApp Data // April 10, 2014
e Review Roundup Part I - HBO's THE NORMAL HEART
e Kim Kardashian's Wedding From Hell: Her Family's Out To Destroy Her Special  ...
b Barclays shares seen lower after NY lawsuit -traders
t RunKeeper Releases The New Breeze App To Track The Rest Of Your Day
m Teen in state child-welfare battle to be moved closer to home
t Spreading the message about sexual awareness in Leicester
m Lab-grown vagina, nostrils working well
t IPCC Sends Draft Synthesis Report to Governments for Comments
e Did Tony die in The Sopranos finale? David Chase finally clears up the mystery
e 'True Blood' Star Joe Manganiello: Death 'Had to Happen' (SPOILER ALERT)
t Rosetta Just Took Its First Glimpse of Its Destination Comet
t Breathe Harder at YSP
b US Navy SEALs take control of hijacked oil tanker in Mediterranean waters
b US FOMC Holds Fed Funds Steady and Reduces Monthly Asset Purchases by a  ...
e Video! Journey's Steve Perry Returns to the Stage After 20 Years
e Orphan Black Season 2 Premiere Recap
b Uber in Talks to Raise More Funds at $10 Billion-Plus Valuation: Report
t Report: Startup launches 'wearable health record' for Google Glass
e 'All by Myself' Airport Lip-Sync Goes Viral
b Millionaire hiding envelopes of cash around San Francisco
e Gay Adoption Story to Power 'Two and a Half Men's' Final Season
b Forex - JPY holds slightly stronger ahead of BoJ minutes release
t FCC chair's top priority should be preserving net neutrality
b Order by Obama brings end to Pennsylvania transit strike
t Motorola unveils £89 Moto E smartphone with Android 4.4 Kitkat
b UPDATE 1-German unemployment falls far more than forecast in April
m WFSB debunks common sunscreen myths
e Bryan Singer Speaks Out for First Time on Sexual Abuse Allegations
t Nest's Tony Fadell: No Ads on Thermostats
b Greece readies bond sale as Athens car bomb reminds of upheaval
b $35 billion Omnicom-Publicis mega-merger may be called off
t US Air Force Working as Fast as It Can to Certify SpaceX Rockets, says Top  ...
b UK Inflation At 2009-Low, BoE Can Breathe Out
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West head to Ireland for honeymoon?
b Amazon Offers Hachette Authors Full Profit on E-Books
e Lea Michele paid tribute to Cory Monteith on the first anniversary of his death  ...
b Tiffany & Co. (TIF) Q4 Earnings Preview: Set To Shine?
t Don't miss rare 'blood moon' lunar eclipse Monday
t Samsung Galaxy S4 vs Samsung Galaxy S5 Review: Which is Better Buy?
e Director leaps from Godzilla to Star Wars stand-alone movie
b British Pound to Euro (GBP/EUR) and US Dollar (GBP/USD) Exchange Rates  ...
m Variations in eye structure and function may reveal features of early-stage  ...
t Mozilla Employees Call On CEO Brendan Eich To Step Down Over Prop 8  ...
b US consumer spending up moderate 0.3% in Feb.
t Tesla Just Opened Up All of Its Patents. Brilliant Move.
m How strong is that summer drink?
b Gold Rises for Fourth Day as Yellen Affirms Rate Outlook
e Book: Secret Service Threatened to Shoot Mets Mascot
e Deryck Whibley, Avril Lavigne's Ex, Looks Gaunt After Hospital Visit For  ...
t iPad Air & iPad Mini 2 Prices Fall As Target Clears Stock
b IMF chief urges US Congress to ratify IMF reform package
t Microsoft's Windows in Car to battle Apple's CarPlay for your car dashboard
b ECONOMIST WARS
e 'Star Wars: Episode VII' Adds '24: Live Another Day' Actress Christina Chong
b US Dollar Continues to Fall Amid Pessimism on Economic Growth
m This Vibrating Capsule is The New Alternative Treatment for Constipation
m Oakland Tribune editorial: Santa Barbara slayings revive mental health issues
e VIDEO: Will Ferrell & Chad Smith in doppelgänger drum-off
m Big appetite for snacks is fuelling an obesity crisis
t Let The Follower Beware: Facebook And Twitter Get Serious About Commerce
b Europe shares lower as Iraq weighs; Oil majors gain
m State Of The Painkiller Nation: Wide Variation In Prescription Rates
m Diabetic heart complications fall
e Ruby Dee Leaves Us With Wise Words To Live By
b Emirates A350 cancellation cuts Trent XWB backlog by £2.6 billion
e Robert Pattinson Jokes He's Homeless Again
t Gas prices fall 4.3 cents
e Judge orders Rolf Harris's sketches be destroyed
t Equinix, Microsoft Azure ExpressRoute and EMC Bring Secure, Scalable  ...
t Protect Yourself From 'Leaky Apps'
m Breast cancer still taboo
t Comcast pitches Time Warner deals as boost to innovation
e One Direction cleans up at Kids' Choice Awards (w/video)
t National Highway Traffic Safety Administration Announces Final Rule Requiring  ...
e 'Sharknado 2' plans to please fans by sticking to the formula, says Ian Ziering
t Raising the Bar - Virgin's Innovation.
b GM recalls another 3.4 million vehicles over ignition problem
b Despite loss, BlackBerry has some hope for future
b Conway announces $550 million settlement with SunTrust Mortgage
b Pandora raises subscription fees
b Forex Market: GBP/USD declines a third day as US retail sales rise the most  ...
e Superb HBO update of 'The Normal Heart' transcends time
e Nicki Minaj Details Drake's "Anaconda" Video Shoot Lap Dance Reaction
e Ciara and Fiancé Future Welcome Baby Boy
e Olivia Palermo ties the knot with beau Johannes Huebl Jun 30, 4:50 pm
t Creation Museum To Display Dinosaur Skeleton
e The Originals STUNNER: Who's Out?
m E-cigs target youth with festivals, lawmakers say
m Charlotte community prays for local woman with Ebola
b Stocks Turn Mixed After Seeing Early Strength - U.S. Commentary
e Craig Zadan and Neil Meron Return to Produce 2015 Oscars
e Disneyland tickets jump $4, approach triple digits for a day | The Republic
t One of the Galaxy Note 4′s most important features may have just been  ...
e Chelsea Lately ends not with a bang, but with a whimper
b Dubai says it's building world's biggest shopping mall
b Swiss Said to See Any Credit Suisse Indictment as Destabilizing
e Movie Review: Sexism trumps religion in aggravating 'Mom's Night'
e Miranda Lambert on Tabloid Rumors: 'I'm Supposed to Be Having an Alien Child'
b Amazon shopping hashtags won't be a boon for Twitter
t Starbucks adding wireless phone charging stations to U.S. stores
e Justin Bieber Selena Gomez News Update: 'Baby' Singer Admits to Using Drugs  ...
e Pink Floyd: What's on the first album in two decades?
e Caleb Johnson wins American Idol
t Amazon Appstore Grows to 240000 Apps Pre-Smartphone Launch
t Texas Weekly Gas Price Update and Outlook
b Which airlines fared best in quality rankings?
b SQUIRREL $300K DAMAGE BRINGS DELAY TO THE NEW COMMUNITY  ...
m 5/27 - 5:30pm - Tuesday Evening Health Watch
t Google Glass Android 4.4 KitKat Update Arriving This Week
b Amazon Working On Eighth Generation Of Delivery Drones
e Amazon Surpasses Hulu and Apple in Streaming Video Usage
b Obamacare signup deadline extended for tough cases, administration says
e Disney's Zendaya Coleman 'no longer' in Aaliyah film
b Triple financial mystery remains unsolved
e Game of Thrones Heartthrob Kit Harington Talks Dating, Dragons, and His  ...
e Whitney Houston, Bobby Brown TV Movie in the Works: Lifetime Announces  ...
e 'Orphan Black's' Jordan Gavaris a singular sensation
e Rolf Harris: 12 Women Seeking Compensation
b Fast-food wars: Taco Bell takes on McDonald's and Chick-fil-A takes on Millennials
b US Producer Price Indexes - March 2014
t Of Course the NSA Knew About Heartbleed Two Years Ago and Did Nothing
b Spinoff of PayPal from eBay: It's Too Early
t Curtains To Come Down On Microsofts Most Popular OS Tomorrow
b The End Of The Twitter Lock Up Does Produce A Selling Wave, Price Down 12  ...
e Daily Wrap of All Things for March 9: Shakira, Christian Bale, Lena Dunham, and  ...
t Apple's iPhone 5 Battery Replacement Program Now Underway
e DIVERGENT Rakes in $4.9 Million at Box Office
t EU "right to be forgotten ruling" creates strange situations
t AT&T to Get LG's G3 and G Watch First
t APPLE CONFIRMS $3 BILLION PURCHASE OF BEATS ELECTRONICS
m Suspected case of Ebola disease tests negative
t Heartbleed slows down the internet
b EUROPE ECONOMY-Euro zone economy stutters as ECB gears up for action
m Free meals in Hampton are available for children in need this summer
e Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin Announce Separation Following Cheating  ...
e Trouble in the One Direction family
b Geithner to Lecture at Yale About Lessons From Financial Crisis
b Uber chaos takes hold in Europe
t Apple Bumps MacBook Air to 1.4 GHz Core i5, Drops Price
m Successes and Challenges in Response to Guinea Ebola Epidemic
m FDA approves a new artificial sweetener
b Priceline Acquires OpenTable, Expands To Restaurant Booking
b Malaysia Airlines Flight 370: Stories of that final day
m Chikungunya in US: Arizona among 129 reported cases of mosquito-transported  ...
e 5 family lessons learned from Alice on 'The Brady Bunch'
b Commodities trading outlook: gold, silver and copper futures
b Consumer Minute: New Apple features & Panera's major menu changes
b High-speed trading firm Virtu seeks $100m IPO
b Mitt Romney adviser: Tim Geithners lying
b McDonald's Forced to Close Part of Corporate Headquarters in Chicago Due to  ...
t BlackBerry Z3 launched in Indonesia, to arrive at other emerging markets later  ...
e Daniel Radcliffe brings strength to role of 'Crippled Billy'
b EUR/USD down at 1.3630 Amid ECB Speculation
e All Abuzz: Fame offers no shield for celebrities
b Trade Gap Shrinks in March by 3.6% to $40.4 Billion
t Where's All the Ocean Trash?
t Google's Android In App Purchases
m Parents on smartphones ignore their kids, study finds
e True Blood Round Table: Ready to Say Goodbye?
m WHO to hold emergency talks on deadly MERS virus Tuesday
e Taylor Swift Red Tour cancelled in Thailand due to military coup
m Dogs and cats expected to be tested for MERS
e Beyoncé and Jay Z share footage of their private New York wedding
t NASA's Long-Lived Mars Opportunity Rover Sets Off-World Driving Record
b Lawmakers to Comcast and Time Warner: Your Cable Deal Helps Consumers  ...
b Medtronic buying competitor in $43 billion deal
e Top 10 Brittany Murphy films
e Gwyneth Paltrow And Chris Martin Break Silence Over Split, Thank Fans For  ...
e 'Transformers' Tramples 'Tammy' as Holiday Box Office Tanks
t Mozilla names interim CEO
e Supreme Court rules Raging Bull copyright case can go forward
e LA mayor drops f-bomb at Kings victory celebration
e 2 circus performers in Rhode Island upgraded to serious condition after 30-foot fall
t Sid Meier's Civilization heads to the stars
b Emerging economies holding back global recovery, says OECD
b Nollywood acknowledged as a cultural and economic tour de force
t eBay recommends password change
b Germany's selfishness hangs over its weaker euro-zone partners
t Microsoft Accidentally Reveals Plans to Bring Folder Support to Windows Phone  ...
e Brad Pitt, Matthew McConaughey Toss Beer, Chat On New Orleans Balconies
b Ohio Allows Tesla to Operate Third Store, New Jersey Bill May Reverse Ban on  ...
b LinkedIn Annihilates Second-Quarter Earnings Expectations
m Smallpox vials from 1950s found in U.S. gov't storage room: CDC
t A Massive Sinkhole Suddenly Appears In Russia
e Corned beef and cabbage join the burrito line-up
b Consumer Spending Rose Modestly In May, Too Modestly
e Mamma Mia: ABBA marks 40 years
e Opie & Anthony host Anthony Cumia fired over racially-charged tweets
m Triangle will produce much of the science that will guide new e-cigarette  ...
t General Motors Delays Sales Announcement Due To Totally-Real Glitch
m CDC prepared to assist in outbreak of deadly Ebola virus in Africa
m Officials: Illinois man with MERS not contagious
t Meteor Shower Tonight May 23 Reveals Camelopardalids 2014 Peak Hour Time
b US stock valuation metrics make strategists nervous
t GM, McDonald's and more: Companies following Starbucks' lead
b US: Shares open higher helped by Fed, ECB remarks
e Poet Laureate Maya Angelou Dies at 86
m Giraffe 'kisses' goodbye to dying zoo worker in photo you have to see
m Debbie Gibson is battling Lyme disease
e MJ wanted to record a song with me: Timberlake
e Jolie pays tribute to 'Unbroken' inspiration Zamperini
m Women over age 60, twice as likely to develop Alzheimer's compared to breast  ...
t Why Destiny does not support Split Screen Co-op, "Can't Build Game To Suit  ...
b Reuters: China accelerates as euro zone stumbles
e Chelsea Handler to end talk show after seven years
e Harrison Ford And Mark Hamill Take The ALS Ice Bucket Challenge
b Is mystery sound Flight 370?
t Microsoft Xbox One to be launched in China on September 23
t It Is Finally Possible To Mute Someone On Twitter
m India officially declared 'polio free' by WHO
b Malfunction At BP Refinery Causes Oil Spill On Lake Michigan
e Lindsay Lohan reveals miscarriage in the 'Lindsay' finale on OWN
b Canadian Dollar (CAD) Exchange Rate Pares Decline after On-Target CPI
e Brutally Honest Engagement Ring Spoof Tells It Like It Is! If You've Ever Been  ...
e A guide to Louie's New York City
b Putin dismisses accusations against LifeNews journalists as" delirium and  ...
b HP to cut thousands of jobs as earnings miss
b Vanke Jumps in Hong Kong Debut as Developer Seen Resilient
b Shire rejects AbbVie's $46 billion takeover bid
t Microsoft Releases Office For Apple iPad
e Keller @ Large: Binge-Drinking Storm Batters Bay State
b US pre-open: Stocks futures rise ahead of US data, Yellen speech
t Ads, ads everywhere: Google has a plan to put them on everday items
t Why You Can't Read This Story If You're In China Today
t Scientists Borrow Inspiration from Nature to Create Next Generation Flying Robots
b Barclays customer? Bank to axe 7000 UK jobs this year
t Neb. Gas Prices See Small Decline, Still Highest Since Last Summ - KHGI-TV  ...
e Reclusive German art collector's death causes fuss
t Thumbs up for Satya Nadella's public debut as Microsoft CEO!
t UN: Avoiding climate disaster is tough but feasible
b China PMI Disappoints – What Does it Mean for Commodity Prices?
e Kim Kardashian: Wedding Won't Be on Reality Show
b Why Earnings Season Could Be Great for Johnson Controls (JCI) - Tale of the  ...
t Obamacare website flagged in Heartbleed review
e Coachella 2014: Jay Z and Puff Daddy join Nas as rapper celebrates 'Illmatic'
b Nigeria: GDP Revision, Africa's Largest Economy; But Not Cheap
e Anna Kendrick On SNL: New Promos Released
b Uber Said to Be in Funding Talks for $10 Billion-Plus Valuation
e A 'Happy' tribute video brings unhappiness in Iran
b Sunday's Rates for Home Mortgages at Bank of America Jun 29, 2014
e L'Wren Scott death: Mick Jagger denies dumping designer, Rolling Stones  ...
e California woman claims 'Depp defense'
m VIDEO: 2-Year-Old Amputee Walks For The First Time
e At US chef awards, Nancy Silverton is top chef, cronut maker is top pastry chef
m Missing Malaysian airliner mystery deepens as timeline revised
t Colorado astronaut will have to wait two days before capsule docks with space  ...
m More than 100 get norovirus on California cruise
e Ariana Grande Denies Tweets Being About Jennette McCurdy
b Brooklyn's population is up 3.5% over three years: Census
t State of the Internet: What Security Pros Need To Know
b DFW home prices reach new high; US gains moderate
b Good week Chancellor, but what about house price inflation?
e Avril Lavigne's new 'Hello Kitty' music video flops, called 'offensive'
e What would a 'True Blood' season 8 be like? We speculate imaginary future
t Amazing Spider-Man 2 Video Game: Box Listed On Amazon, Not Game's Official  ...
b Jobless Claims Show Job Market Improvement
t Nokia's network business surprises all with 10 percent rise in Q1 profit
e Miley Cyrus' Stolen Maserati Recovered by Police
e Jon Favreau - Jon Favreau: Scarlett Johansson will be 'wonderful' mum
t Wal-Mart (WMT) To Sell $29 iPhone
e Will Amazon (AMZN) Stock Be Affected By Speculation Over Music Streaming  ...
t OkCupid admits to Facebook-style experimention on users
b Hillshire in separate takeover talks with Tyson, Pilgrim's Pride
e Miley Cyrus fans need to buy new tickets for rescheduled show
b Nollywood helps Nigeria kick South Africa's economic butt
m Environmental Factors Tied to Autism Clusters
b Samsung Electronics Announces Earnings Guidance for First Quarter 2014
e Transformers Age Of Extinction: 10 Need You Never Knew About Transformers  ...
m Plan Would Speed Approval of Medical Devices
b Popular Cupcake Chain Shuts Down
b Yellen expects borrowing rates to stay low
e Game of Thrones: Season Finale Review
b Facebook Q1 2014 result: mobile ads bring 59% of revenue
e Peaches' death 'sudden' and 'unexplained'
e case could change how you watch TV
e The 'Game Of Thrones' Finale Went All 'Mean Girls'
b Stocks on the Move in Europe: BSkyB, Sky Deutschland
e Orlando Bloom & Miranda Kerr Divorce Update: Actor Cozying Up to Selena  ...
b Chinese court impounds Japanese vessel as compensation for World War Two  ...
t Red Hat Rating Reiterated by Citigroup Inc. (RHT)
m 3-D mammogram scans may improve detection rates of cancer
t How to watch meteor shower online on Slooh?
b New data from Thai military shows MH370 changed direction before co-pilot';s  ...
e JK Rowling fills us in on Potter's (graying?!) gang
e The VMAs five most memorable moments
m Federal Government Signs Off On Study Using Marijuana To Treat Veterans' PTSD
b Local oil prices fall below $100 a barrel
b U.S. manufacturing expands for 14th straight month
e Jolie made an honorary dame by the Queen
t Carriers Enable Text-to-911 Service (with some catches)
t Apple Updates MacBook Pro with Retina Display
t Looks Like 1984 Will Be Just Like 1984... As Apple And IBM Hold Hands
e MTV Video Music Awards: Beyonce Leads With Eight Nominations
t New Hangouts update brings merged SMS/Hangout conversations, widget and  ...
e Game of Thrones By the Book: These Are Not the Undead We're Looking For
e James Franco refuses to be part of `Spring Breakers` movie sequel
b Halliburton Shares Jump to Record High on Earnings Beat
e Oldman apologizes for defending Gibson and Baldwin
b Cocaine-filled condoms 'addressed to the Vatican'
t The FCC's Net Neutrality Revisions Aren't Much of a Revision at All
b Yellen takes sides in 'lean against the wind' debate
e Miley Cyrus Hospitalized
t BlackBerry wins ban against Typo Products's iPhone keyboard
b April 15 not much of a dealine to most
t Families and lawmakers demand answers from GM's Mary Barra
e Carrie Fisher lost 35 pounds for 'Star Wars' return but otherwise stays mum on  ...
m Insider Selling: Gilead Sciences Director Sells 5000 Shares of Stock (GILD)
m Recalled Beef Was Sent To Whole Foods Distribution Center In Connecticut
t Microsoft Surface Pro 3 discounted price for Macbook Air users
e Chris Hemsworth and Elsa Pataky have welcomed twin boys, their rep has  ...
b Mixed drinks: Coca-Cola moves more product overall, but soda sales dip
e Major Female Role And More Still To Be Cast In 'Star Wars: Episode VII'
e Counterpoint: The Top 10 Episodes of "HIMYM"
t LG G3 details leak by way of LG Netherlands
b JPMorgan's Dimon Gets Support, Questions Amid Cancer Fight
b Oil Industry Analyst: Worst Of Rising Gas Prices May Be Behind Us
e Lindsay Lohan films her '2 Broke Girls' episode with Kat Dennings
m Most healthy women can skip routine pelvic exams, doctors group says
t Microsoft may unveil 'small' Surface tablet PC on May 20
b GLOBAL ECONOMY NEWS – Japan's Current Account Surplus Down 90.9 Pct  ...
e Jenna Dewan-Tatum, Kristen Bell Naked: Check Out Their Allure Mag Nude Pics
t GM recalls 1.3M vehicles to fix power steering
m Long-secret Medicare data reveal payments to Maine doctors
t Microsoft Extends Windows 8.1 Update Install Deadline
b US: HanesBrands to buy European lingerie leader DBA for $545m
b Pepsi Exec Takes Over at Target
t PlayStation 4 sales hit 7M
t Japan ordered to immediately stop whaling in Antarctic as International Court of  ...
m Sitting too much can cause cancer, study says
t Titanfall Ships At 792p With Likely Resolution Increase In The Future
t Apple iOS 8 will introduce new camera features and manual controls for  ...
t Is a Site Safe from Heartbleed? Use This Tool To Check
m Rare mono-mono twin set entered the world holding hands together
t Apple's 'Complicated' Beats Acquisition Could Be Delayed For Several Reasons
t HTC One (M8) Sales Might Have Hit 500000 Already
t GM recalling 29000 Chevrolet Cruzes amid air bag concerns
b The Fed Could Catch Us All Off Guard
t Gas Prices Continue Decline Through Summer Driving Season
t The Streisand Effect of Google Forget
b America's Favorite Car Just Got Totally Redesigned
m Your Suburb Neighbor Is Probably a Heroin Addict - Shift in Heroin Users
b US futures hold steady, Citigroup earnings ahead; Dow Jones down 0.02%
e Mad Men: Season 7, Episode 6: Peggy and Don, Reunited (And It Feels So Good)
b Microsoft Bets on Convergence of Cloud, Mobile Tech
t Tribune Digital Ventures Launches Newsbeat, An Audio App Aimed At News  ...
t A requiem for Sony's PSP, a gaming handheld that never lived up to its promise
t AT&T purchase DirecTV for a price value of 48.5 billion dollars
m Weight-Loss Drug Alli Recalled By GlaxoSmithKline
m Slap and buzz of summer
t GM's Ignition Switch Recall Repairs Begin Monday
b Eurozone inflation stays weak at 0.5% in June
t Evolutionary distinctness will now help save birds from extinction
e Watch a Teaser Clip From 'The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1' [VIDEO]
e 'Orphan Black' star works five times as hard as other actors
t FTC Accuses T-Mobile of Skimming Hundreds of Millions From 'Bogus Charges'
t Apple will launch its biggest display iPad next year
e Hollywood Legend Mickey Rooney Passes Away at 93
e Amazon: 6 New Shows Coming to Prime Instant Video
t Cadillac CTS-V Coupe gets limited run ahead of next-gen model
t Why octopuses don't get tangled up in knots
m Study: Vaccines are Safe, Don't Cause Autism
m Most comprehensive study to date reveals climbing worldwide obesity prevalence
b Chinese Buy Glencore's Peru Copper Mine for $5.85 Billion
e BOX OFFICE: 'Captain America' 2 soars into rarefied Marvel air
m Talking points
b The ECB's Draghi: are we really going to take him at his word?
m WHO to hold summit on Ebola outbreak
m VA report on deaths from waiting for care is released; Hampton center included
e Selena Gomez Calls Kylie and Kendall Jenner a "Toxic Distraction" — Report
e Kim Kardashian Wears the Same Outfit in Different Colors — Which Look Is Best?
e Rovio reveals new game: 'Angry Birds Transformers'
b BOND REPORT: 10-year Treasury Yield Sinks To Lowest In 11 Months
e Pharrell's Happy Tears
e Amazing Spider-Man: Who Am I? #1-4 Out Today
e There's nothing hot or sexy in dying young
b Will Market React To Strong Domestic Economic Data? - Economic Highlights
b A Fool Looks Back
t Android 5.0, Nexus 9, Android Wear & More: What to Expect from Google I/O
e Avril Lavigne receives 17-carat diamond ring from Nickelback hubby
t Policing the Wild, Wild Internet with the 3rd Version of Net Neutrality
b Gold trading outlook: futures add ahead of key US and Eurozone announcements
b FOREX-Dollar clings near 8-week high after rising on upbeat US data
b GoPro Files For $100M IPO With 2013 Revenue Of $985.7M, Up 87.4% From  ...
e Coachella 2014
e Sept. 11 museum opens amid tears
e Cabaret Undressed! The Real-Life Stories Behind the Gritty, Glittering Broadway  ...
e Ciara Gives Birth To Baby Boy
e 'The Voice' battle rounds part 2 continue
b CBS Outdoor Americas IPO Values Firm at About $3.36bn
m Problem Drinking in Midlife Increases Risk of Dementia Later in Life
b Fiat held no merger talks with Volkswagen, spokesman says
e UC-Santa Barbara killer's family tried to intervene before rampage
e 'The Voice' live show preview: What to expect from the Top 12
m When is compensation available following a vaccine-related injury?
t Google Is Thinking About Buying A Company That Makes WiFi Cameras That  ...
e Lady Gaga Birthday Playlist: Top 11 songs
b Canada's SNC-Lavalin To Buy UK-based Kentz For C$2.1 Bln - Update
t Facebook urges users to install Messenger
b American Airlines exec: Virgin America was the only airline on DOJ list for Dallas  ...
b Air France-KLM slashes profit forecast
e The Associated PressApril 28, 2014 Updated 9 minutes ago
t BBB Tips in Light of the eBay Databreach
t UPDATE 6-Toyota's $1.2 bln settlement may be model for US probe into GM
e Josh Murray Slams Nick Viall's Bachelorette Bombshell
e Stars React to Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's Weekend Wedding!
b Google says it needs up to $30B cash overseas
t Iceland Eruption Update: Scientists Monitor Series of Earthquakes at  ...
b Smarphone maker HTC shares soar on Q2 net profit
e 'Fifty Shades of Grey' Trailer Too Steamy for TV, Most-Viewed Trailer of 2014
e Bachelorette 2014 Spoiler Roundup: What to Expect on Episode 2
b Indictment: Woman produced, distributed child porn
e Mick Jagger 'looking forward' to singing live again
e HGTV pulling plug on real estate show amid protest
t Microsoft terminates technical support for Windows XP
e Here's Vin Diesel Dubbing 'I Am Groot' in 5 Languages
m Allen County pastor faces sex charges
b U.S. Consumer Sentiment Increases in June
e US Airways 'investigating' porn tweet
t Microsoft offers $100 off Xbox One if you bring in your old console
e Nicki Minaj has near wardrobe malfunction? - Video
e As Emmys host, Seth Meyers was no superstar
t PC sales recover - but it doesn't help Microsoft much
b Gap Profit Falls, But Tops Estimate; Reiterates FY Outlook
e Ray J Is Giving Kim Kardashian And Kanye West The Best Wedding Gift Of All  ...
t 'Halo' to hit Xbox, TV next year
t GM Dallied On Ignition Woes Over Costs, Lawmakers Say
t Rare 'Cannibal' Fish Washes Up on US Coast
e Role Call: Ryan Gosling To Play Choreographer
e Sofia Vergara splits from Nick Loeb
b Marchionne follows the money
e Emma Stone Stuns at 'Birdman' Photocall at the 2014 Venice Film Festival
e Review: 'Draft Day' builds a team without much chemistry
b Shire Rejects £27bn AbbVie Bid and Sees 12% Shares Surge
b Japan Fukushima nuclear worker dies in mudslide
t AEG Tech Updates – 11 May 2014
t T-Mobile 'Crammed' Consumers For Hundreds Of Millions: FTC
b Wal-Mart blames weather and Washington for less spending in their stores
b ConAgra Foods Slashes Q4 EPS Outlook - Quick Facts
t What Are You Playing? May 17th, 2014
t Apple now has access to Beats streaming music service allowing it to compete  ...
t Samsung releases quartet of new handsets...but still no Galaxy F
b Survey: Number of uninsured Americans hits new low
e WTF: Judge Joe Brown ARRESTED
b Etihad agrees in principle to buy Alitalia stake
b Ukraine Promises To 'Crush' Insurgency; Chechnya Denies Sending Troops
b Former Treasury boss, Goldman Sachs CEO Paulson calls for a carbon tax
b Why Chipotle Is Raising Menu Prices
t Google hires Ivy Ross as new Google Glass head
e Sandra Bullock met stalker face-to-face in her home during his break-in last  ...
b Barnes & Noble to separate Nook business
e In support of #CancelColbert: Why Stephen Colbert needs to make this right
t Surface Pro 3 unveiled by Microsoft
t BatteryBox promises to power Apple gadgets for 12 hours, five years later
t Rare Diamond Reveals Earth's Interior is All Wet
m Africa Focus: ECOWAS health experts meet in Accra on Ebola
b Pfizer mulls $101b bid for AstraZeneca
e Ice Bucket Challenge genius fundraiser
t TSLA: NHTSA Closes Investigations Into Tesla Fires
e DreamWorksTV YouTube Channel Launches
e 'Captain America' sets April record with $96.2 million debut
b Giant pharma deal reunites banks' $100bn club
e Chadwick Boseman Faced A Challenge With James Brown Portrayal, Will He  ...
b Darden Announces Sale of Red Lobster for $2.1 Billion
e Kim Kardashian And Kanye West Hold Pre-Wedding Party At Versailles (PICS)
b Report: Climate change poses huge US economic risks
b Notable Mergers and Acquisitions of the Day 03/31: (JNJ)/(CG) (ECA) (ROVI)
b Call to resolve airlines' war zone risk
e True Blood: Fire In The Hole Review
e HGTV pulls plug on reality show starring Christian activists
e Does 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' Make Any Sense Whatsoever? (And 25  ...
b SMEs report less of a deterioration in the availability of finance from external  ...
e Once Upon a Time Postmortem: Is Elsa the Big Season 4 Villain?
e Brad Pitt punched in the face
b Bitcoin: New Yorker pays $18000 rent using the cryptocurrency
e 'Neighbors' has been done before and done much better
e The Amazing Spider-Man 2 on Xbox One Store at launch after all
e Juan Pablo Worst Bachelor Ever - Even Chris Harrison And ABC Producers Hate  ...
e Eurovision gets its own Book of Records
b Venture capitalist snaps up bitcoins worth $19M - KTVN Channel 2 - Reno  ...
t Why Apple has stopped growing
m MannKind: Do Afrezza Label Woes Overshadow FDA Approval? (MNKD)
e Will Garth Brooks announce a world tour this week?
b Pipe break that flooded UCLA dumps 20M gallons
t FCC sets review teams for AT&T-DirecTV, Comcast-TWC-Charter deals
t How to turn light into matter puzzle solved
b Taco Bell's ads star real-life Ronald McDonalds - WNCN: News, Weather for  ...
e Actor Gary Oldman slams political correctness in Hollywood
e 'American Idol' Top 11 Performances: Caleb Johnson and Jena Irene Stand Out  ...
m US syphilis rate up
b Speedway's Acquisition of Hess C-Stores 'Fits Like a Glove'
m Mobile Phones Vs. Children
t Microsoft Wants You To Believe Its Tablet Isn't A Tablet
b BlackBerry CEO Promises New High-End Handsets In The Next 18 Months
b Herbalife Suspends Dividends Despite Earnings Beat; Increases Share Buybacks
b Tesco reports 6% profit fall
b San Diego gas prices inch up
e Coachella 2014: High temperatures expected today, officials warn to take it easy
e Andrew Garfield wishes he could be naked all the time
t Mars Curiosity rover takes a selfie to mark its first Martian year
t Samsung Galaxy S6 Visualization Is As Awesome As It Sounds
e Quick guide to 'Transformers' history, trivia
m Parents speak about autism spike
b HK stocks close flat
b US audio chips supplier Cirrus Logic to buy British rival Wolfson Microelectronics  ...
b Twitter tumbles on wave of unlocked shares
e Brad Pitt and Shia LaBeouf Kill Nazis With a Tank
t Lost an Android phone? This app will take a 'theftie'
t Lunar eclipse tonight: Will we be able to see it in DC?
e Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin are separating
t EBay Initially Believed User Data Safe After Cyberattack
t Sun-sized leisure grab has been made by Oracle
t Captured: The Acrobatics of a Fruit Fly in Flight
b Retail Sales Should be Positive for the Dollar But
b Zebra Technologies Corporation to acquire Motorola Solutions enterprise biz for  ...
e The 8 most mind-blowing moments from the 'Mockingjay' teaser trailer
e Robin Thicke thinks Paula Patton is a remarkable woman
e Breaking Hair News: Kristen Stewart Chops It Off
t Methane Leaking From Sea Floor Could Change Ocean Acidity, Oxygen Content
t Pair arrested after computer crimes
b Netflix Beats On Q1 Earnings, Plans Price Increase
e 'Star Wars': Harrison Ford injury delays shooting; cast adds two
m World's First Drinkable Sun-Tan Lotion Launched
b Dow, S&P 500 set record highs; Chryser loses $690 million; Twitter unveils mute  ...
e Pope: The Resurrection, an invitation to rediscover our baptism and become  ...
b Russia-China gas deal big, but Canada can survive
m 11 more Mers virus cases reported in S. Arabia
e Movie Review - Planes: Fire & Rescue
m Feel the Burn
t SXSWi weekend roundup: Wearable tech, cats, and Secret
b Microsoft up on job cuts; Barbie sinks Mattel
t Apple strikes a new chord
m State Seeing More Tuberculosis Cases
t Mustang 50th anniversary party wraps up in Las Vegas
t Anonymous app Secret goes global, introduces Android version
e Kim Kardashian says she and husband Kanye West 'will always be in the  ...
b Messy Protest Shows Rising Hong Kong Fears About China
e 'Fault in Our Stars' Breaks Pre-Sales Record as Top-Selling Romantic Drama
m Kindred Healthcare Inc.: Kindred Healthcare Launches Equity Offering
m New York City soda ban loses final appeal
b Fannie and Freddie Rally As Vote to End Them is Postponed
b MH370 Lost in Indian Ocean: Netizens turn "black"
t LG G3 Launch Live Streaming: Flagship Smartphone Unveiling to be Webcast  ...
e Detroit School Choir Covers Pharrell's 'Happy'
t Sony PSN back online after DDoS attack
b Orbital and ATK form space flight super group
t Google Glass headsets get new designs in collaboration with DVF
t Apple iPhone 6 sapphire display rumors fly
e 'The Hobbit: The Battle Of The Five Armies' Teaser Trailer Has Arrived
t 2015 Mercedes C-Class Wagon Sheds More Camouflage
t Every move you make, I'll be watching you...
e Jay Z, Beyonce's new tour uses Justin Bieber's mugshot, sparks controversy
e 'Big Bang Theory' is renewed for another three years on CBS
t Samsung Galaxy S5 sales double S4, driven by 4G
e Brian May Reveals More About Upcoming Album of Queen & Freddie Mercury  ...
e Marvel Announces 'Guardians of the Galaxy' Will Also Be An Animated TV Series
e Thai Junta Says Ex-PM Yingluck Released and At Home
e Supreme Court will decide fate of cheap TV
b UPDATE: US Court Rules Against Generic Challenge To Shire's Vyvanse
m Air pollution kills 7 million prematurely worldwide annually
b What you need to know before the open
e Our Top Cinco De Mayo Suggestions
e NBA's Dwight Howard tweets and deletes #FreePalestine
e Gabriel Garcia Marquez leaves book
b Reader feedback May 17: Pizza deliver driver robbed, Red Lobster, LPGA  ...
b In the Blogs: Back to the Grind
t Microsoft mystified by Chinese government's Windows 8 snub
e Terry Richardson opens up about sexual harassment allegations
b Euro down in Asia on Draghi easing comments
e Stewart, Colbert joke about late-night move
e Kim Kardashian: Not married yet, not inviting 1600 people
e Bieber compares himself to Princess Diana after minor car accident
t Mini Version of Mars Designed to Test Rover on Earth
b Activists Protest Two Arctic Drilling Rigs
b CHRYSLER 5-YEAR PLAN
m Michigan awarded $1 million in Affordable Care Act funding for mental health  ...
b Markets Are Slipping
b Dollars to doughnuts, Burger King-Tim Hortons deal is a good one 0
t Netflix shares tumble following Apple-Comcast report
e Convicted Sex Offender Rolf Harris Under Investigation for New Abuse Allegations
e X-Men Days Of Future Past: Jennifer Lawrence And Co Head To The 70s In  ...
m Ebola outbreak: UK officials 'not prepared' to deal with virus arriving at border  ...
b Key Twitter executive Rowghani quits job
b IMF not happy with US performance
e First Look: The Flash's CW costume revealed
t Windows RT Users Get Help Upgrading to Windows RT 8.1
b Amaya Soars to Record After $4.9 Billion PokerStars Deal
b The Kroger Co. (NYSE:KR) Buys Online Healthy Living Products Co, Vitacost  ...
t Bright light seen on Mars
b Time Warner to make stock distribution and complete Time Inc. spinoff in June
b State Cracking Down On Water Curtailment Compliance
b FedEx criminally indicted by Justice Department over claims it made $820  ...
t See the third supermoon of 2014 Friday and Saturday -- clouds permitting
m Tainted beef may be in stores in 9 states
b Gold Prices Generally Down Ahead of Federal Reserve Meeting Minutes
e Jimmy Fallon Hands Out NHL Awards On The Tonight Show
t Report: Comcast Gave Campaign Contributions to Every Member of the Senate  ...
m W. African health ministers to meet to discuss ways to tackle Ebola virus
e 10 things you may not know about Casey Kasem
m Daylight Saving Impacts The Timing Of Heart Attacks
m Chronic fatigue still problem at air traffic towers, report finds
m Nutrition in Crops Are Cut down Drastically by High Concentrations of CO2
e Wiz Khalifa Jail Selfie Goes Viral Across Web
e Garcia Marquez's death brings back conflicted relationship with his native  ...
m Drug Company Releases Medication for Dying Boy
m Two Filipinos die of Mers virus in Middle East
e Game of Thrones: From Arya Stark to Tyrion Lannister - the 10 best characters
t Coming soon: Print your own makeup
t Gas prices continue to drop in Oklahoma; Tuesday's average lowest since  ...
t Google Is Letting Anyone in the US Buy Glass – Only for One Day
e Sisaundra Lewis The Voice “Don't Let the Sun Go Down on Me” Video 4/21/14  ...
t Windows 9: Desktop Resurgence?
t Variety: Google is near buying game video service Twitch
m State medical marijuana rules OKd
t GM readies recall compensation program
b Coca Cola India volume growth at 6 per cent in January-March
t LG G Watch - one of the first Android Wear smartwatches
m How deforestation shares the blame for the Ebola pandemic
t Scientists build life form that adds letters to genetic code
t Destiny - Bungie After Halo With 40 Minutes of Hands-On Gameplay
t Shares of Nokia Corporation Rise on Strong Earnings and Updated Strategy
e Box office top 10: '22 Jump Street' collects $57 million
e Weekend Box Office: Audiences choose continued education of cops over  ...
b Pinterest Moves to Make Money From Ads With Promoted Pins
t Look Out, Facebook: Google Ups The Ante On Mobile App Install Ads
b U.S. Industrial Production Rises 0.6% In May, Slightly More Than Expected
b Fire OS vs. Android: Can Amazon's new Fire Phone justify its ostentatious price  ...
b In Stunning Backtrack, Feds Say Our Largest Shale Oil Reserve Is Mostly Un  ...
b Feds: 'mismanagement' by Asiana pilots caused plane to crash in San Francisco  ...
t Some of the things you can expect with the Android 4.4 KitKat update for Galaxy  ...
t Sozzi: 3 Top Secret Weapons Apple Gets Buying Beats by Dre
e Lie detector test puts bachelors in the hot seat on “The Bachelorette”
b Euro Lags As Investors Look To PMI Data
e Peaches Geldof Dead At 25: How The Papers Reported The Shocking Death Of  ...
b USD/JPY trims losses on upbeat U.S. data
b US Stocks Search for Direction
t Chrysler: We're speeding up Jeep fixes
t Amazon raises eyebrows with surprise Fire smartphone ad
t Mars rover holds off-Earth distance record
m Conn. Exchange Leader Tapped To Be First HealthCare.gov CEO
b A reverse mortgage turns equity into cash
b Intel reports lower 1Q net income, higher revenue - KTVN Channel 2 - Reno  ...
m Study looks at e-cigarette usage among smokers
e Bobby Womack, R&B legend, dies at 70 | USA NOW
e Pregnant Olivia Wilde Says Her Bump Is a 'Badge of Pride'
b Barnes & Noble division will run SOU bookstore
e Human Barbie Shows Off Tiny Waist and Extreme Body Proportions in New Video
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Prices and Deals Across the U.K.
e Seth Rogen makes fun of James Franco's Instagram teen fan flirting on Saturday  ...
b Cops foil workers' march to BGMEA
e Bob Geldof's daughter Peaches dies at 25
t Amazon Snatches Gaming Site Twitch from Google
e Hilary Duff Is 'Chasing The Sun' In Her Brand New Video
e Critics? What Critics? Transformers 4 Opens with $300m Worldwide Box Office
b Gold drops to four-week low
m Top scientists caution WHO not to stub out e-cigarettes
b Demand Worries Trigger US Crude Sell-Off, Key Support Being Tested
e Watch the New Trailer for Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1
m FDA proposes e-cigarette regulation
b BoE's Bean: If sterling rises further rate hike will be postponed
b Hong Kong adjusts travel alert for Thailand to amber
t Dell and Red Hat Deliver Enterprise-Grade, OpenStack Private Cloud Solution  ...
e KHAZ Country Music News: Kevin Sharp Dies
b Paragon Investments' Futures File: Crude, Grains & Cattle
b FXBeat US wrap: Euro ratchets lower
t Good guy Google steps in with $150 for Pixel LTE owners shafted by Verizon
b General Electric profit tops forecasts
m Four Paraplegic Men Voluntarily Move Their Legs, an 'Unprecedented  ...
b Mayor urges black cab drivers to abandon protest
e Kanye West Slams Annie Leibovitz Over Wedding Photo
e Lea Michele is NOT pregnant- her Twitter was just hacked
e 'The Hunger Games: Catching Fire' Is A Triple Winner At The MTV Movie Awards
b BOJ refrains from further easing monetary policy
e The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back  ...
t Coming to Florida: More panthers
e Taylor Swift cancels Thailand concert over coup
b Swiss to vote on creating world's highest minimum wage
b Sunset Boulevard in Los Angeles turned into a dangerous river
b Republican EPA chiefs to Congress: Act on climate
b Kennedy Construction Day 1: 'I was expecting much, much worse'
m Two West Nile infected birds found in Marathon County
b Tesla shares fall as projected costs rise; California in Gigafactory race
t Facebook announces FB Newswire, a resource for journalists
b US data, prospect of ECB easing feed risk appetite
e What 'mom' really means in America
m Small pieces of food improve eating behaviour in children
b Saskatchewan sees lowest unemplyoment rate ever
b AstraZeneca forecasts rising sales to fight off Pfizer
e Kanye West And Kim Kardashian Touch Down In Paris Ahead Of Their Wedding
e BAZ BAMIGBOYE: Emma Watson wants a bit of drama
t The Web was almost called "The Mesh"
e Peaches Geldof Dead: Sister Fifi Geldof Pays Emotional Tribute On Instagram
t Google Is Removing Links for People Who Want Privacy (in Europe)
e Katherine Heigl: I stopped challenging myself
b S&P 500 tops 2000 for first time in broad advance
e Kim Kardashian & Kanye West's Wedding Photos Revealed
m S.Korea's state health insurer tobacco firms for damages
b U.S Secretary of State, Sushma hold fifth Indo-US Strategic Dialogue
b Where next for the heads of Pfizer and AstraZeneca?
t Baby Gorillas Now Doing Cute Things at the Bronx Zoo
b ORACLE REPORTS GAAP EPS UP 8% to 56 CENTS, NON-GAAP EPS UP 5  ...
e 5/15 - CNN: NYC - 9/11 Museum Opening Ceremony
b Airline Officials Examine the "Southwest Effect"
m Pistorius trial adjourned
t MIT scientists unveil soft robot that swims
t Google to Offer Developers Tools to Make Apps for New Wearable Computers
e Comedy Central taps Larry Wilmore to be Stephen Colbert's successor
e All for one: Kendrick Lamar's former hype man basks in glow of No. 1 album at  ...
t Microsoft CEO touts new Surface tablets
b Pope to appoint new chief to Vatican Bank
t Moto E price, specs, release date, features: £89 smartphone set to 'end feature  ...
e 'Deliver Us from Evil' is Scary Stuff
t World Cup 2014 fever grips ISS astronauts: Watch them play zero gravity soccer  ...
t Here's how you can see this year's “honey” moon
b BlackBerry CEO John Chen launches charm offensive after Q4 earnings beat  ...
t Kepler-186f: Newly Found Planet May Be Best Chance Of Finding Life In Space
e Khloe Kardashian's Boyfriend French Montana Buys Her A Jeep For 30th  ...
m First Bird of Year Tests Positive for West Nile in Wisconsin
e Now that 'How I Met Your Mother' is over, will you watch the spin-off?
e Billboard Music Awards Hit 13-Year Ratings High
m European Medicine Agency Grants Approval for Muscular Dystrophy Drug
t Bullies drove Eich from public square: Column
b CORRECTED-India's Sun Pharma expects Ranbaxy business to be profitable in  ...
m World TB Day 2014: UNITAID Urges Focus on Better Treatment of Multidrug  ...
b China's Jan-Apr property investment slows, sales slump
e Review: 'Guardians Of The Galaxy' most pure fun blockbuster since first 'Iron Man'
t Security feature for iPad Air 2, mini 3 claimed
e Lea Michele tweets touching tribute to Cory Monteith
t Heartbleed bug could affect US healthcare websites
t Satya Nadella's next challenge: selling Surface
b Market exuberance out of touch with frail economy: BIS
e Camera ban! Kimye shoots down wedding rumours and reveals: 'It will not be  ...
e James Cameron To Finish Three 'Avatar' Sequel Scripts In Six Weeks
b Time Warner to Murdoch: CNN you later
b While you were sleeping: China hits stocks, copper
e Tatt flub hits rock bottom
m Now, drug that combats measles and prevents virus from spreading
m OSHA Issues Citations Following Worker Death At Amazon Warehouse
b US stock markets rebounds after choppy day - WBOC-TV 16, Delmarvas News  ...
e Walking Dead season finale draws record US TV audience
e Zara pulls T-shirt resembling concentration camp uniform
b German leader praises Greek reform progress
m Young Mom in Coma After Routine Dental Work
e American Idol 2014 Phone Numbers: Vote For the Top 10
b American Apparel founder Dov Charney grabs back stakes
b Ohio earthquakes linked to fracking
m ReWalk's home exoskeleton system gets FDA nod
b Stop Looking for a Correction and Buy
t FCC fines Sprint millions in 'Do Not Call' telemarketing settlement
b BMW to invest $1 bln to expand US production by 50 pct
t Simple solution for TWC-Dodgers standoff: a la carte cable
b Both sides deny shooting down Ukrainian plane
e Isaac Hanson Welcomes Daughter Nina Odette
e Are You Ready for Another Godzilla Trailer?
e Carrie Fisher Lost 35 Pounds To Prepare For Shooting 'Star Wars Episode VII'
b Postal Workers to Protest in Richmond
m Samsung shares in stable condition after supremo's heart attack
b accept $17B deal with GE
b AP PHOTOS: Mickey Rooney, legend of Hollywood
m Hospice Hub Announces Medicare Part D Prior Authorization Service
e Ricky Gervais crashes Netflix shows in new ad
e CANNES WATCH: Salma Hayek stands out on red carpet with dress _ and her  ...
m Woman Records Selfie Video Of Her Own Stroke
b China, Russia to fully implement gas deal
t Tim Cook slams author who claims Apple on the decline after Steve Jobs
e Schwarzenegger promises 'twists' in new 'Terminator'
e Gareth Edwards Will Direct The First 'Star Wars' Spinoff
b Decoding Medicare Advantage Cuts Debate
e L'Wren leaves it all to Mick
t Facebook under fire over "creepy" secret study
e See the Christopher Nolan Connection and More at the "Transcendence" Red  ...
m Racial Variations, Cost and Influence of Access to Care for Testicular Cancer
e Top award for cardboard architect
m Studies see new risks from cholesterol drug niacin
t VIDEO: Apple Delivers Location-Based App Suggestions On Your Lock Screen  ...
e Dealer wanted in US for art fraud nabbed in Spain
e Secret Service threatened to shoot Mr. Met if he got close to President Clinton  ...
b Third time lucky?
b Privilege and elite power
t Federal Report: Warming disrupts American lives
e Are Andi And Josh Still Together After The Bachelorette 2014: Cheating Rumors!
t Mt. Gox gets US bankruptcy protection, halting lawsuits
t Motorcycling: Marquez takes pole in Texas
b PM Erdogan gets international rap ahead of elections over blocking of Twitter in  ...
b Charles Krauthammer: Obama's fanciful thinking leaves allies wondering about  ...
b BIS calls for central banks to rein in easy money on time
e The iHeartRadio Ultimate Pool Party Will Be Available As A Livestream
t HTC One (M8) Mini Press Image Surfaces Online; Dual-Camera Missing in  ...
b The economy shrank almost 3 percent in Q1. Holy guacamole.
b German court rejects case against eurozone bailout scheme
e Pocono Raceway picks Channing Tatum, Jonah Hill to be grand marshals
b Google Receives “Buy” Rating from Cantor Fitzgerald (GOOG)
e Consciously Uncoupled Gwyneth Is Now Consciously Quitting Acting
t Cousteau grandson spends month under water
b Herbalife's net income declines; bolivar issue cited
t 1-Day Glass Sale; Facebook Overhauls Chat; Heartbleed Persists
e Lionsgate and Saban Brands Partner for Power Rangers Live-Action Movie
t Samsung Galaxy Mega 2: mega in size decent in specs
e Destiny jumps on the latest bandwagon by doing the ALS water bucket  ...
b The real reason millennials should embrace ObamaCare
b Malaysia Airlines could change its name
e Potato salad Kickstarter raises thousands of dollars in a few days
t Microsoft CEO pivots sharply with 18000 job cut (Update)
e Veep renewed for fourth season by HBO
b Haldane says MPC faces 'corridor of uncertainty'
e Kate O'Mara: 1939-2014
e Bay Area Woman Dies From Overdose at Coachella Festival
b Search for missing Malaysia jet spreads to zone the size of Australia
b Interest rate unchanged
t Microsoft's CEO may unveil Office for iPad on March 27: source
e Tracy Morgan Upgraded to Fair Condition, According to Rep
e 'Jupiter Ascending' Moves to February 2015, Supposedly Because of Unifinished  ...
m Recall Issued By Foster Farms On Chicken Products Linked To Salmonella Case
b French satellite data shows floating objects
b Utilities responsible for 80% of US solar in 2013 - SEPA
t Microsoft clues partners in to its new machine-learning service in the cloud
e Plane carrying Miranda Lambert makes emergency landing
t White dwarf star has Been Identified and it Looks Like a Diamond
e Supreme Court Hears Arguments in Case That Could Change The Way We  ...
t US Gas Prices Down 3 ½ Cents Per Gallon
t Xbox One will soon support external storage
e James Franco says Lindsay Lohan lied about him on her sex list
b Wal-Mart feels the chill; profit falls 5 percent
m Airline suspends flights over Ebola fears
t Dr. Dre The First Billionaire in Hip Hop Industry
b Hedge Funds Campaign For Puerto Rico Power Authority Debt Relief
e George Clooney's engagement is confirmed by his parents
m Embryonic cloning shows promise for treating diabetes
b Tesco posts 6% slump in profits to £3.3 billion
b Boston Taxi Drivers Protest Outside Uber Car Service Headquarters
t Feds issue warning: Hackers trying to exploit 'Heartbleed' bug
e J.J Abrams announces the chance for one lucky fan to appear in next Star Wars  ...
e 'True Detective' season 2 spoilers: Three leads to be cast soon
e What You Need To Know About Whoopi's Favorite 4/20 Accessory
e Netflix Is The Newest Channel In The Lineup For Some Cable Customers
b Jitters over Iraq driving up pump prices
m Comment: Magic mushrooms expand your mind and amplify the dreaming areas  ...
m Pox in a box: Forgotten smallpox vials discovered in old research storage room
b Gulke Analyzes June 11 USDA Reports
b One Put, One Call Option To Know About For McDonald's
t Facebook's social experiment sparks outcry
t How Fast Can You Solve Today's Rubik's Cube Google Doodle?
e Peaches Geldof death: Police probing shocking unexplained case
t Gates as Involved as Nadella Wants Him to Be, Says Microsoft's Thompson
m Doctors: Pistorius was in right state of mind
b Gold hovers below 3-month high; US jobs data, ECB eyed
e 'Glee's' 100th Episode Featuring 'Iron Man 3' Gwyneth Paltrow and Broadway's  ...
e Whoopi Goldberg Blogs about her Vaporizer for The Cannabist
t Mars '”flying saucer” splashes down after NASA test
t Sony PlayStation 4 Records 7 Million in Sales Since 2013 Launch
e Nobel laureate Gabriel Garcia Marquez died at 87
e WATCH: Bill Cosby Carries Jimmy Fallon on a Tightrope Walk on "The Tonight  ...
e Prince Prepares for New Album as Part of Warner Brothers Deal
e Transcendence: It Doesn't Suck!
t LG G Watch To Arrive In A Shade Of Gold
t Alexander McCall Smith meets meerkats
b BHP Studies Simplifying Assets to Focus on Iron Ore, Coal (3)
b Target asks customers not to bring guns to its stores
e Fourth of July guide: where to celebrate, how to stay safe
m Second MERS case in US confirmed
b Billionaire media mogul Scaife says he has untreatable form of cancer
e Harrison Ford's injury halts 'Star Wars' production
e Fox Moves 'Brooklyn Nine-Nine' To Sundays; 'Gotham' Paired With 'Sleepy Hollow'
t Apple, Samsung to include anti-theft switch on future smartphones
e Hip-hop star Chris Brown's trial delayed
m Nestle recalls 10000 packs of Haagen-Dazs ice cream due to mislabeling
e British Woman Blows Over $30000 To Look Like Kim Kardashian (PHOTOS)
b Bonds fail to react to trade data, RBA
e Lamar Odom Is Dating a "Fun and Sexy" Blonde in Her 20s — Report
t Vast ocean hiding beneath Earth's surface
t As E3 Closes Microsoft Reveals July Xbox One Update
e 'Godzilla' opens with smashing $93.2M - ABC-7.com WZVN News for Fort Myers  ...
b How long can Treasury yields stay low?
e 'Earth to Echo': What the Critics Are Saying
e Beyonce, Jay Z Tour?: 'Drunk In Love' Couple Perform Concerts This Summer  ...
b Green Living: How to clean up after a compact fluorescent bulb breaks
e Starbucks to add evening alcohol menu at US stores
e Dina Lohan Pleads Guilty to 2013 DWI, Speeding: Details
b IBM software sales weaker than expected in second quarter
b Supreme Court rebukes EPA, but mainly leaves intact program to deal with  ...
e Kim and Kanye wedding photos revealed
b West Valley gas prices hold firm
b UBS Strategist Mohi-uddin: Dollar Will Rebound Soon
b Coast Guard: Gulf Coast cleanup efforts 'far from over'
e Bravo for Weird: What Creatures of the Wind's CFDA Win Means for American  ...
b David Baazov's Amaya Gaming Agrees to Buy PokerStars for $4.9 Billion
t AT&T pursues plans to bring ultra high-speed Internet service to Triangle
b ECB bets push Spanish, Italian, Portuguese yields to multi-year lows
e Kids' Choice Awards 2014: List of 13 presenters, 2 performers
e Michelle Obama and Anna Wintour's Mutual Admiration Society
b Little Movement in Mortgage Rates at Wells, Citi Mortgage Today Jul 5, 2014
e Angelina Jolie tells Elle: 'I never thought I'd have children'
b US manufacturers worry about West Coast port labour disruption
e 'Scandal' star Columbus Short facing charges, restraining order, divorce papers
e Game of Thrones season 4 finale: are all those characters really dead?
t Nadella breaks Microsoft out of Windows
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West married in secret ceremony
b Mid-Day Market Update: PetSmart Declines On Weak Forecast; Trina Solar  ...
e It's Official: 'Man Of Steel' Sequel Will Be Called 'Batman V Superman: Dawn Of  ...
b June jobs report shows US recovery is accelerating
b Wall Street gains on earnings, Internet stocks lead
t Earth may have underground 'ocean' three times that on surface
e Five public gaffes by actor Shia LaBeouf
b US growth rebounds strongly but...
b Comcast: We're Lobbying Congress For You, The People!
t Facebook buys online video tech company LiveRail
e Zendaya & Aaliyah: Why I Dropped Out Of Her Biopic Film — Interview
m Scientists build a pacemaker from the heart's own cells
b British manufacturing grows in July at slowest pace in a year -PMI
t Nexus 10 2 Release Date, Specs, Features: New Tablet May be Rolled Out in  ...
e Dare to bare...feet! Shailene Woodley goes shoeless in yellow gown before  ...
t Xbox Live is down for many Xbox One owners
m Glaxo misses upgrading opportunity with failed clinical trial, says Panmure
b Fukushima cleanup halted after worker dies in incident
t UPDATE 2-Sony sells more than 7 million PlayStation 4 consoles
e Shailene Woodley Heaps Praise On George Clooney: 'He's Like My Second Dad'
e KISS, Nirvana, Hall and Oates inducted by Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
b GM Names New Safety Executive In Wake Of Recall
e Kelly Clarkson Gives Birth to River Rose
t Privacy gets new settings on Facebook
e Rare film footage shows FDR walking
e Nirvana, Kiss lead new class in Rock Hall of Fame
t When software development produces a lemon, make lemonade
b Postal Workers Protest Postal Services in Staples Stores
e 'The Voice' Season 6, Battles: Round Two Recap: Chris Martin leads the charge  ...
m New coronavirus death reported in Jordan
b Barclays' mortgage lending up a third on 2013
t Nasa to launch CO2-tracking satellite
b GOOG: Google Expands Same-Day Shopping to Two Cities
b New anti-counterfeit £1 coin due for release in 2017
b Rev. Jesse Jackson Pushes Apple and other Leading Tech Companies to  ...
b Japan warns China over seizure of ship in Shanghai
m MERS spreads to Lebanon as 1st case recorded in Beirut
e Palm Sunday devotions at La Divina Pastora
m Amanda and celebrity friends join forces for new dementia campaign
e Gordimer's family requests privacy
e Pippa Middleton on that bridesmaid dress: 'It was meant to be insignificant'
t Google uses animation to portray itself as tough on government snooping
m Study: Nearly 50 Percent Of Americans Believe In Medical Conspiracies
e N. Korea Blasts James Franco, Seth Rogan For New Film
e Rupert Grint to make Broadway debut opposite Matthew Broderick
b China inflation eases to 2.3pc in June
e Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle Trailer Has Landed – Watch It Here!
b Paige Reveals What The Rock Told Her At WrestleMania XXX, Attendance For  ...
e How I Met Your Mother Review: “Last Forever"
m Baton Rouge-based Amedisys agrees to pay $150 million settlement
m Agricultural Pesticides Linked to Autism
e French Montana's Dh180,000 gift for Khloe
e What Miley Cyrus Did at MTV's Video Music Awards Last Night Has People  ...
t eBay Inc. To Ask eBay Users To Change Passwords
t Titanfall: Exact Timing When Players Can Start Playing Digital Copies Tonight
t BMW holds US luxury segment lead over Mercedes, Lexus
b Final Covered California Deadline Tonight at Midnight
e Watch moose charge, chase snowmobilers
e Lana Del Rey responds to Frances Bean Cobain: I don't think dying young is 'glam'
m You need to double your five-a-day fruit and veg
e Fans Upset That Emma Stone And Joaquin Phoenix Are Teaming Up With  ...
m It's about time the FDA regulated e-cigarettes
b Numsa should abandon strike – employers
e Julian Casablancas, Pixies join
e 'Game Of Thrones' Season 4 Answers Questions! Jaime Believes Tyrion  ...
t Snag delays arrival of crew at space station
t NASA's lunar-orbiting robot crashes into moon
e Win It! A $250 Gift Card to Ebay, and 'Oculus' Prizes
m Ebola Virus Ravages Guinea: 'Only God Can Save Us Now'
t Google Just Challenged Apple and Amazon on Multiple Fronts
b Solid US job gains expected for 6th straight month
b Officials Dispute Report That Malaysian Jet Kept Flying For Hours
e 'Dancing With The Stars' Results: Week Four Bring Highest Scores Yet for NeNe  ...
t ​We Finally Got To Play A Big Chunk Of Destiny
e Woman hopes to help others years after HIV diagnosis
t Galaxy S5 Available for Pre-Order on March 24th for Zero Down on T-Mobile
e Rob Kardashian Wasn't Even Invited to North West's Birthday Party?
e Tupac Shakur musical Holler If Ya Hear Me bombs on Broadway
t Computex: Intel unveils Broadwell-based Core M chip
t Skype Translator Would Be an Amazing Feature on BBM
b Orbital Sciences, ATK to merge in $5B stock deal
b Malaysia Plane Crash Photos Emerge On Social Media
t Samsung and US bicycle company Trek to peddle fitness products
e CedarBridge Academy to honour poet Angelou
t Microsoft says disrupts cybercrime rings
b Stocks slip but then mount a comeback
b MH370: Tempers flare in Beijing as frustrations grow among Chinese relatives
e Dancing With the Stars 2014 Finale Recap — Sweet Victory For M&M! Happy  ...
m E-cigs on rise; smokers tout vapor as beneficial
e Why does the world love Beyoncé so much?
b Tesla Beats Earnings Estimates On Record Model S Output
e Gun Believed To Be Wyatt Earp's Sold For $225000
t Siri rival Cortana to be released in India soon
m Prosecutors Claims Pistorius Not Mentally Ill At Time of Shooting
e Fellow Soldier Says Bowe Bergdahl 'Wanted to Hunt and Kill'
e “Game of Thrones” director explains the Lady Stoneheart situation
m Sick worker at Red Robin in Missouri has exposed thousands to hepatitis A
b Austria and Russia sign South Stream gas pipeline treaty
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Cheaper Than S4 at Launch, Compact Version Spotted and  ...
t Knoxville runaway youth shelter closing
t Windows Azure Rebranding to Microsoft Azure Could Happen at BUILD  ...
e Darabont to replace Rupert Sanders for `Snow White` sequel
t Jury finds Samsung infringed some Apple patents, must pay $120 million in  ...
t A Commitment but No Kill Switch
b China to expand cities, better services
t FCC Knew Rules Violated Neutrality
e Jessica Simpson marries Eric Johnson
e Will Robert Pattinson's new film stop us talking about Kristen Stewart?
b Dick's Sporting Goods earnings top expectations
b Fed sharply cuts forecast fur US economic growth
e Watch Jessica Meuse Sing “Somebody to Love” in American Idol 2014 Top 6  ...
t Aereo loss protects $4 billion in fees for broadcasters
e Mila Kunis Sends Message To All Future Fathers: Stop Saying "We Are Pregnant"
m Thousands of Restaurant Eaters May Have Been Exposed to Hepatitis A
e Three Cast Members Axed As Guillotine Drops At Saturday Night Live
b UPDATE 2-IMF cuts Russia 2014 growth outlook, cites Ukraine risk
e Marvel charts new frontier with Guardians of the Galaxy
t Free Heartbleed scanner for Chrome and Android
t Comet hunter pictures to become better as it nears its target
b Dollar Tree buys Family Dollar to lead segment
b Is this the most dangerous club in the world?
e 10 Things to Know for Today
m Abortion Supporters Have Their Worst Week in 50 Years
t Four GM recalls include Camaros for switch defect
t Apple set to move into wearables market, according to blog post
e Remembering Elaine Stritch, Whose Secrets Were All Out In The Theater
b Canada Paltry 200 Jobs in July Spurs Labor Market Exodus
m Senior Citizens can Maintain Mobility by Engaging in Moderate Physical Activity
e Nick Lachey and wife Vanessa expecting a baby girl
e Chris Brown, Justin Bieber granted delays in court dates
e TIME Magazine Just Named Beyoncé One of Its Most Influential People
e Gregg Allman sues to halt restart of film based on his life
e Erykah Badu Crashes the News, Tries to Kiss Reporter! (Video)
b Ikea To Raise Minimum Wage For US Workers
b Gold Ends Near Steady; Rebound In U.S. Dollar Index Limits Gains
t Koalas Hug Tree Trunks To Stay Cool In Hot Weather, Study Shows
t 10 Steps to avoid Heartbleed heartbreak
t Go to Utah to walk in dinosaurs' shoes…or tracks
b Eurozone manufacturing recovery slows as growth returns to France
e Kim Kardashian Snubbed By Beyonce During Awkward Run-In at Doctor's Office
b Business Highlights
m Acne-removing drugs can trigger allergic reactions
e Dynasty star Kate O'Mara dies at 74 in Sussex, England
t Mario Must Go Mobile – Nintendo's Stubbornness Could Be its Downfall
e Drake will not be performing at this weekend's Wireless Festival, it has been  ...
m Canada rules out suspected case of Ebola virus
e Orange is the New Black gets a Season Two Trailer
e Lindsay's List Keeps Growing!
t AT&T close to providing 1 GB network speeds in North Carolina
e Rogen, Efron wage comic war in 'Neighbors'
b Hepatitis C drug cost UnitedHealth more than $100 million
m Dining Out For Life event part 2.
t Samsung Galaxy Note 2 Official Android 4.4 KitKat Update Rolling Out; Top 6  ...
t Samsung prepares lower-end phones as Q1 operating profit falls
t Sprint Fights to Take Over T-Mobile
e Fans out in force for Python return
e Ray J Gifting Kim Kardashian Sex Tape Profits For Wedding
e JK Rowling Just Wrote a New Harry Potter Story, Internet Collapses
e Lookalikes Will Ferrell and Chad Smith Have A Drum Battle! (Video)
b Candy Crush game maker's IPO to face investor scrutiny
e Hillary Clinton considers future plans
m Hospital details rapid response to MERS patient
t The 2016 Cadillac ATS-V Will Literally Fly Around The Track
t Feds: Fandango Customers Were Vulnerable to Hackers, Identity Theft // March  ...
b No Pot Seized At Denver Airport Since Colorado Legalized Marijuana
e Willkommen Back! Cabaret Returns to Broadway Tonight With Alan Cumming  ...
e Scott D. Pierce: HBO's 'The Leftovers' is weird, confusing
e We are very happy: Charlize Theron on boyfriend Sean Penn
t Recall roundup: Chevrolet Malibu and Buick LaCrosse
e Most unlikely children's book author: Keith Richards
e Unedited Gwyneth Paltrow And Chris Martin 'Conscious Uncoupling' Statement  ...
b U.S. Markets' Six-Day Rally Ends Not With a Bang, but a Whimper
e 'X-Men: Days Of Future Past' Gets One Last Trailer
b RPT-BOJ's Iwata says will adjust policy if economy overheats
e Paul McCartney Postpones Tonight's Concert In Tokyo
e 'HIMYM' defined by body of work, not just its finale
b Barclays slashes jobs in strategy to right bank
e Lena Dunham might quit acting when HBO's 'Girls' wraps
e Gwyneth Paltrow on being a working mom: Office jobs easier than acting
b July 4th gas prices likely to be highest in six years, GasBuddy analysts say
b 'Candy Crush' mobile game maker to go public
t NASA And Boeing Most Powerful Rocket Deal Will Take us To Mars
e Sibel Kekilli On What Happened With Tyrion & Shae In The 'Game Of Thrones  ...
m MERS medical care to improve with new hospital head, Saudi Arabia pledges
e Selena Gomez's Parents Are 'Vehemently' Opposed To Justin Bieber
e Jay Z & Beyonce – Run (Video / Trailer)
e Kate Winslet joins Hollywood Walk of Fame
b Indian Shares Set To Rebound After Tech Selloff
e 'Noah' Environmental Crusade or Redemptive Story?
e Chris Brown trial could start today
e 'Guardians of the Galaxy' spoiler: Post-credit scene leaks online
b US: Earnings, big pharma deals give stocks a boost
t Orbital's global warming satellite launches one day late
t Hyundai Recalls 883000 Sonatas
t Download: 61 Android L apps, keyboard, wallpapers and more
t Microsoft's open challenge to Google: Offers free Windows OS to Lava, Karbonn
e Obama calls Oscar selfie a cheap stunt on Ellen DeGeneres show
e Start the Week off on a Sweet Note with Vegan Coconut Donuts, and More  ...
b Q1 MedTech Financings Results Mixed While Total VC Investment Highest  ...
m Area smoking rates decline, but tobacco culture hard to break
b Greeks forced to walk to work in Athens as German Chancellor Angela Merkel  ...
e Zac Efron Attacked, Punched In Face During Wild Skid Row Brawl: Report
e VIDEO: Iranians Arrested For Fan Video Of Pharrell's 'Happy'
b Honda says quarterly net profit jumps 19.6pc to $1.4bn
e 'Friends' Central Perk coffee shop set to open for a month
b Corn knee high, and at a 4-year low
t French carrier Iliad offers to buy T-Mobile US
e Nick Cannon on Racist 'White Face' Stunt: There's a Big Difference Between  ...
t Motorcycling - Marquez continues to dominate
b GSK shuns talk of mega-mergers as it unveils 'complex' Novartis deal
t UN: Climate Change Getting Worse
b Twitter founders, CEO to keep shares after 'lockup'
t Google, Facebook and Amazon Make Net Neutrality Demands to FCC
b King To Bring Candy Crush Saga In China
e Want Kate Middleton's iconic half updo? This step-by-step tutorial for Princess  ...
e Ben Affleck Is Creepy And Questionable In First Trailer For David Fincher's  ...
t Facebook faces UK scrutiny over mood manipulation study
t Camera test: Samsung, Apple and HTC flagships fight for the top space, here's  ...
t Most killed in recalled cars were young drivers
t Android 5.0 Lollipop: The Biggest Differences
t LG betting on OLED screen format as future of TV
m CDC Reports Syphilis is Increasing in Homosexual and Bisexual Men
e Question of the Day
t April Fools' Day joke on Google: Pokemon Google Maps challenge
b Zebra Tech to acquire Motorola's enterprise biz for $3.45b
b Missing Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370: Thai military delayed reporting radar  ...
b Strong job growth continues, unemployment rate falls to 6.1 percent
b UK Retail Sales Growth Exceeds Expectations
t Fire hazard forces recall of Lenovo ThinkPad batteries
e Get Skeevy With It: Robin Thicke's 'Paula'
t Heartbleed: Why the Internet's Gaping Security Hole Is So Scary
t Texas Weekly Gas Price Update and Outlook
t Stabenow confident in GM CEO Mary Barra's ability to navigate rough recall road
t Amazon Phone: AT&T to Become Exclusive Carrier of Rumored Device
b Zebra buys Motorola's enterprise business
b Judge Oks Guilty Plea in SAC Capital Insider-Trading Case
e Restored Fleetwood Mac to stop in Phoenix
t Samsung Galaxy S5 now available on Flipkart for Rs 43499
b India's factory expansion eases in March
e Will you accept this…dandelion?
e Is this the reason behind Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin's split?
m Intuitive Surgical Stock Rally Looks Overdone
b Sole Taiwanese Passenger Aboard MH370 Has Malaysian Ties
b LinkedIn amasses 300 million members
t Gravity waves and the Big Bang theory
e These Are The Best Parts Of 'X-Men: Days of Future Past'
e Comedian with local roots fired from 'Saturday Night Live'
t Warming Arctic May Lead To Fewer Cold Winters, Study Says
m Louisville ranks first for spring allergies
e Ice Cube played Bonnaroo (video), casts his son in forthcoming NWA biopic  ...
t Apple's Next iPad Smart Cover Could Feature A Surface-Style Keyboard [Patent]
e Chris Brown - Chris Brown's trial delayed
t Facebook to use drones to deliver Internet access
b Hewlett-Packard Company (HPQ) Earnings: What To Expect?
m Gentiva Health Services Inc.: Gentiva Board Unanimously Rejects Unsolicited  ...
b PG&E pleads not guilty to San Bruno blast criminal charges
b S&P 500 closes over 2000 for first time
m Long Beach Memorial Achieves Best Hospital Rankings by US News and World  ...
b Coke Meets 1Q EPS Views, Sales Narrowly Beat
b BNP fined $8.9 bn for breaking US sanctions
m Saudi working with WHO to fight MERS
m Melanoma Monday Raises Awareness About Deadliest Skin Cancer
b Your morning joe will soon be 9% more expensive
e Video: Nick Dunne looks very, very guilty in new 'Gone Girl' trailer
t Cadillac Waves Goodbye To Current Generation V-Series With 2015 CTS-V  ...
e How Kate can avoid being the butt of jokes: Add weights to hems of her floaty  ...
b GE profit falls but beat estimates, outlook strong
e Guardians of the Galaxy coming to Minecraft!
b Google Beats Apple As BrandZ Most Valuable Global Brand
b No quick end to Amazon dispute with publisher
e (Kevin Winter/Getty Images)
t Caught on Cam: 100 Sea Turtles Hatching
b Yellen: Fed's Rate Policy Hinges on 3 'Big Questions'--Update
e Big Bang Theory renewed for three more years
t Apple iPhone 6 rumors: New specs leak, VoLTE, screen problems
e Gwyneth Paltrow Website 'Goop' Crashes After Chris Martin 'Conscious  ...
e 'Blended' actors grow up, but jokes don't
e Bachelorette 2014: Who Got Eliminated on Episode 6 in Italy?
e Names and faces
b Novartis, GSK, Lilly in multibillion-dollar deals
t Now 5-year-old is a Microsoft 'security researcher',who hacks Xbox
e Oakland woman dies of suspected drug overdose at Coachella music festival  ...
e In Response To Hello Kitty Not Being A Cat, Peanuts Confirms Snoopy Is A Dog
b Kraft recalls thousands of pounds of hot dogs
e Gwar's lead vocalist found dead
b American students are bad with money, and no one knows how to fix it
b Coach: No Luxury in North America
t Facebook launches location-sharing feature 'Nearby Friends'
b Friday's Analyst Moves: AFLAC Incorporated, L Brands Inc, Hewlett-Packard  ...
b Barclays Set To Cut Jobs
e Game of Thrones recap: Littlefinger, Big Plans
t OnePlus One Finally Unveiled – Starts at $299
t Microsoft Plans To Launch Cheaper Windows Devices
b GoPro shares soar 30% in debut
t Amazon vows to fight FTC on kids in-app purchases (Update)
e Reel Spoilers Episode 49: 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' Starring Marky Mark
e Justin Bieber Shares a Video of Tom Hanks Owning the Dance Floor
b Ready, Set, GoPro: Camera Maker To Hit Wall Street With IPO Today
e 'Game Of Thrones': George R.R. Martin Responds To Jaime, Cersei  ...
b UK inflation falls to lowest in over four years in March, house prices up strongly
e Review: Jimmy Fallon takes 'Tonight Show' on road, injects Florida flair
b U.S. stock market: Futures flat, but first-half gain in view
e Miley Cyrus inks a sad kitty on her lip
b US new-home sales rose 6.4 percent in April
t Pioneer plans to be first with Apple CarPlay
e The Bachelorette Grapples with Death
e VIDEO: Kevin Bacon Makes Epic 'Footloose' Entrance on JIMMY FALLON
e George Clooney rejects reports of objection from future mother in law
e 'Midnight Rider' Filmmakers Say Sarah Jones' Death 'Was Not a Crime'
b WRAPUP 3-US factory, confidence data boost growth prospects
e Cult TV, comedy series rule Emmys
e Pharrell Cries “Happy” Tears With Oprah And The Internet Explodes
e Joan Rivers Makes Holocaust Joke, Talks Bruce Jenner's "Vagina" (VIDEO)
b Marketwired to stop direct feeds to high-speed traders
b Turkish mining disaster: Sensors indicated high levels of toxic gas days before fire
e Holy wow, the full length trailer for Jupiter Ascending is incredible
b Geithner mentioned Hillary Clinton as successor
e 2014 MTV Video Music Awards Headed Back To The West Coast
e Michael Jackson Billboard Awards hologram was more creepy than a thriller
t The FTC is accusing T-Mobile of jacking up customers' phone bills
e Chelsea Lately to End in August
e Who is David Muir? (Other than Diane Sawyer's new 'Evening News' replacement)
e For Your Entertainment: Wish I Was Here soundtrack is an indie music dream
t SpaceX Lands Reusable Rocket in Atlantic Ocean
b BOE Rate Hike Will Seem Reasonable by Summer: Wood
e VIDEO: Gov. Christie Dances his Way into Late Night, Challenges Clinton to  ...
e George RR Martin Addresses Game of Thrones's Controversial Rape
b 'Candy Crush Saga' maker valued at $7.1 billion in $500 million IPO
t Apple to Acquire Dr. Dre's Beats
t Scientists find evidence to support origins of the universe
e Frozen creators plan stage musical
b France Sees Fairer BNP Settlement as US Talks Progress
e Gene Simmons: 'Not Everyone Liked Jesus, Either'
b NTSB: Over-reliance on automated systems led to Asiana crash
b Draghi Sees ECB Easy Stance More Effective as Economy Heals
b Tesla Earnings Drop; No Announcement Yet on Gigafactory
m Bullying's mental health toll may last years
t Scientists name new dwarf planet after Joe Biden
t Microsoft unveils 'real-time' translating function for Skype
b 1 Thing Every Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac Shareholder Needs to See
b Tokyo stocks close up 0.57pc at new six-month high
b Interest Rates May Rise 'Sooner Than Expected'
t Feds Ignored Warnings on Deadly GM Glitch
e SOLANGE KNOWLES ATTACKS JAY Z AND RACHEL ROY [PHOTOS + VIDEO  ...
e 'Happy' continues run at BET Awards
t Google Launches An Operating System For Wearable Devices [Video]
e 30 Susan Sarandon Roles, Ranked by How Much You'd Want to Road Trip with  ...
b Vive la difference! How France and UK tackle M&A
e Did Cheyenne Tozzi Just Do the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge Without Ice?
b Lafarge, Holcim boards ok merger, confident on antitrust issues
e Stacy Keibler Gets Married in Surprise Wedding
e (click the phrases to see a list)
t Gas prices edge up
b GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks flounder in Wall St's wake, yen rises on BOJ optimism
t UAE to create space agency, send unmanned probe to Mars
t Google wants to ramp up workforce diversity
t Business digest: T-Mobile accused of fraudulent charges in FTC lawsuit
t Gas prices on the rise in Massachusetts and nationally
t Mysterious 'Fairy Circles' Not Explained by Termites, Study Suggests
t Climate change creating 'new poor' in PH
e Why Did Solange Knowles Attack Jay-Z? Mental Health Issues Might Be At Play  ...
e TV's Judge Joe Brown Gets Jail Time
t SpaceX Wins Right to Private Facility in Texas
e Source: Gwyneth Paltrow wanted to keep split secret
t Why Amazon is really launching a free streaming video service [Updated]
t Uber Ties Up With AT&T For Driver Service And To Pre-Load Its App On New  ...
t Net Neutrality Run Down By FCC Fast Lane Proposal
m MERS-CoV and that ATM scam
b Airbnb, NY to Face Off Over Illegal Rentals
e Chris Martin makes first post-split appearance at Rock and Roll Hall of Fame  ...
t Rumor: Apple will release a 12.9-inch iPad in 2015
b PRECIOUS-Gold firm on fund inflows; China, Ukraine worries support
t Samsung Set To Launch Galaxy S5 Mini
t VIDEO: T. Rex Arrives For More Than A Night At The Museum
e Arnold Schwarzenegger talks about playing alpha to his younger co-stars in  ...
t New app helps you find lookalike for Fido
e In 'Cesar Chavez,' strong actresses overshadow title character
b CNN could be worth $5 billion if it is put up for sale: analyst
e Marvel's 'Agents of SHIELD' renewed for second season on ABC
m Food Outbreak Scan for Jun 13, 2014
e Robin Thicke Hasn't Seen Paula Patton in Four Months!
m Learn a second language to slow ageing brain's decline
b Kathleen Sebelius Visits Tennessee for Health Exchange Push
t Samsung Gear Watch vs. LG G Watch
e Mekhi Phifer files for bankruptcy, says he is $1.3M in debt
e Wedding bells for Katie! Couric weds fiance John Molner in the Hamptons 'with  ...
b Euro zone bonds firm up as investors prepare for ECB to act
e James Franco compares Instagram photos to Britney Spears breakdown
b Once-soaring tech stocks sink in a sobering comedown
t Nokia abandons future Android handsets, feature phones
e International Day of Happiness observed on 20th March
e MK Nobilette American Idol Top 10 Performance - Perfect
b Twitter sinks after lock-up period preventing employees, early investors from  ...
e Game Of Thrones Power Rankings: Mockingjay
e 'Divergent' too familiar to win over everyone
t Office for iPad: Actually, Steve Ballmer gave the go-ahead, Microsoft team says
b Russia hit by $50 bn Yukos ruling amid sanctions squeeze
b KFC owner says China scandal hurting sales
m WHO Declares Public Health Emergency
t Google releases company workforce diversity data
b Viral Video: Ronald McDonald Loves Taco Bell
m WHO to hold emergency talks on deadly MERS
e Floyd Mayweather vs T.I. chair-tossing brawl: Melee occurs in Vegas (Video)
b FOMC Preview: Labor Market Indicators – LPL
e 'Game of Thrones' Recap: Keep Your Enemies Closer
b Area jobless rate holds steady at 5.1%
e Met Ball 2014: Costume Institute Benefit Gala
t Moon-orbiting robot crashes
e Inside Bryan Singer's 'infamous' drug-fueled pool orgies
m Medical Testing Devices Need Thorough Lab Tests, FDA States
m Beef Recall Issued For 4000 Pounds Of Meat Possibly Contaminated With BSE
b Amgen to cut up to 15% of workforce, ups EPS view
b Asiana pilots failed to monitor airspeed and altitude, NTSB says
e 'Shield' actor Michael Jace pleads not guilty in shoting death of wife
t Camelopardalid Meteor Shower Date and When to Watch: Rare Cosmic Event to  ...
e Fight over Mickey Rooney's remains averted
t Google buying Songza is great news for Google Music users
e Khloe Kardashian keeps covered up as she arrives back at LAX with boyfriend  ...
t Study Attributes Genghis Khan's Rise to Climate Change
e 'Winter Soldier' smashes the weekend box office
t First Earth-sized planet found in habitable zone: NASA
m Tumblr blog documents Boston Marathon runners' 2014 journey
b Microsoft officially welcomes the Nokia devices and services business
b AbbVie ups bid for drugmaker Shire to £30 billion
b Malaysia 'Nothing To Hide' Over Plane Search
b Euro down as elections, ECB outlook weighs; dollar rebounds
t Google starts "forgetting" things in Europe
m Healthy Living: Stop stigma surrounding mental illness
b Kraft recalls cottage cheese
e Obst and Suchanek reach World Series of Poker final tables
m Summer's here - watch out for ticks
e Dancing with the Stars Recap: Monday, May 19, 2014
t Florida man gives fellow driver the middle finger, gets instant dose of karma
t Microsoft offers $100-discount on new PCs to shift users from Windows XP
t LG G3 is coming, officially, and should be on sale by June
e 2nd growth removed for 'X-men' actor
e Second 'racist' video of Justin Bieber revealed online, with KKK references
e 'Spidey 2' a little short of 'Amazing'
b US futures edge lower as markets eye Yellen; Dow Jones down 0.10%
m Huge rise in e-cigarette TV advertising for young adults
b Iraq conflict triggers rising gas prices
t Microsoft Fails To Get Windows 8 On China's Government Computers
e The 15 Most Surprising Deaths in Movies
e Attention Moms With 'Routine' 9-to-5 Jobs: World-Famous Actress Says Your  ...
b Gold Trims Recent Gains Ahead Of Fed
e 'A Hard Day's Night' still fresh after 50 years |Movie preview
t Nintendo report 9.9 billion yen net loss for the first fiscal quarter
e Robert Downey Jr., wife expecting second child
t Nasa's planet-hunting Kepler telescope given new mission
b No oil supply shortage due to Iraq: OPEC
e Welcome Home: Ciara Gives Birth To Baby Boy [Update]
t Protest filed against Comcast buy of Time Warner
b French court investigates IMF chief in corruption case
b US stocks mixed as markets eye on Ukraine
e Court gives Miley restraining order
e See what Atlanta is saying right now about Things To Do in Atlanta today and  ...
e Children's author and advocate Walter Dean Myers dead at 76
b Gas prices have familiar look as summer nears
e Ticketmaster asked to refund booking fees
t T-Mobile CEO sets safety net while awaiting Sprint offer
b HFT Probe Breaks String of Gains for US Exchanges
t Video: Skylanders: Trap Team Announced, Demoed on PS4
m Prescriptions for Powerful Painkillers Vary Widely Among States: CDC
t Report: Google Eyes First US Retail Location Near NYC Apple Store
t GM recall persists, now for Camaro ignition switches
e Batman vs Superman batmobile teased by Zack Snyder - picture
e Jada Pinkett Smith calls media 'covert pedophiles' for thinking 13-year-old  ...
b Libyan PM ousted after Korean ship escapes with crude
b Bond yields sharply lower
t Honda, Mazda, Nissan recall 3 million vehicles globally for airbag defect
e Netflix Releases Orange Is The New Black Season 2 Trailer
e X appeal grows stronger
b US futures dip after S&P record
b Google Ventures' Kevin Rose is latest target of anti-tech protests
t Mayors urge courts to allow same-sex marriage
b Washington State Braces for Sales of Recreational Pot
b US Optimism Supports Dollar and Other Top Forex News.
m More young adults taking ADHD meds
e Map: Fireworks laws in every state
t Eclipse may spell mission's end
e UPDATED: Did Pope Francis really tell a divorced woman to take Communion?
b Mt. Gox finds 200000 Bitcoins in an old wallet
b Plan to rein in unruly plane passengers
e Miley Cyrus remains hospitalised, cancels 2 more concerts
e 'He all but had the courtroom in a riot!': Former TV judge Joe Brown ARRESTED  ...
e Bryan Singer Attorney: Director Wasn't in Hawaii During Alleged Sex Acts
b IRS says $1M phone scam 'largest ever'; fake IRS agents calling victims  ...
t The NSA has its own suggestions for dealing with Heartbleed
b Business update: Janet Yellen to put Fed's new leadership on display
b Happy Birthday, Bull
e Brody Jenner reveals why he's not attending KimYe's wedding
e Ben and Jerry's 'Free Cone Day' Benefits More Than Just Ice Cream Lovers
t Apple, IBM Deal Is a Winner, No Matter How Cynical the Viewpoint
e Prince Collabs with Warner Bros. for New Music, 'Purple Rain' Anniversary Album
b Uber faces setback in New Mexico
b US Rejects Challenge To $13 Billion JPMorgan Chase Settlement
t Indiana lawmakers might join '0INK' vanity plate row
b Kharkiv Mayor Kernes remains in induced coma, being treated at Israel's Haifa  ...
m Tennessee Department of Health confirms state's First Chikungunya Case
t Nokia Lumia 830 photos leaked
b Stocks Retreat After Early Gain Sent S&P 500 to Record
m Don't Fear The Fat: Experts Question Saturated Fat Guidelines
t Microsoft to cut 18000 jobs in cost-saving move
b 11 Honduran miners trapped in small gold mine
t Tiny Flying Reptile Ancestor to Giant Pterodactyls Found
t Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Neo – Key Features
e Gary Oldman Never Said 'Liberal' In That Interview, Though He Did Land A Solid  ...
b Foreign Exchange Rate Forecasts: Euro, Pound, US Dollar & New Zealand  ...
e 'Danger' zone: Potato salad fundraiser hits $40K
b Ambassador drives into history: HM kills India's oldest car
e EXCLUSIVE! Mean Girls Cast Could Be Reuniting At The MTV Movie Awards  ...
t eBay: How not to handle a security breach
b UPDATE 7-Oil inches up as signs of healthy supply tempered by Libya
m 344 Doctors You Should Be Afraid Of
e Killer's family tried to stop him before rampage
b McDonald's (MCD) To Appeal Russian Courts Ruling On Moscow Branch Closures
t Nintendo's E3 Announcements
e Top 10 Record Stores in Metro Phoenix
e Game of Thrones Season 4 Ends on a Contemplative Note
e Double elimination on 'Dancing with the Stars' - but not who you think. VIDEO
t Lyrid Meteor Shower 2014: Live Stream from NASA; What Time, What Day?
b Inflation falls to four and a half year low
t Climate change panel issues blunt warning on carbon emissions
t Tech tips: Passwords alone can't keep you secure, add a second layer of  ...
t Was Facebook's Emotion Detecting Algorithm Faulty?
e 12000 Candy-Filled Eggs Dropped From Helicopter
t Leak: 9-inch HTC “Volantis” could be the next Nexus tablet
e Jay Leno to Receive Kennedy Center's Mark Twain Prize for American Humor
b Area where 'pings' heard ruled out as resting place of missing Malaysian jet  ...
b Darden sells Red Lobster chain for $2.1 billion
t Video of the Day: US-Russian group blasts off for space station
e The DWTS Season 18 Song List for “Dancing with the Stars” Week 3
e Miley Cyrus Shares a Video Beating Up Avril Lavigne
b British banking system under spotlight as trust falls
b Wal-Mart unveils new money transfer service
e Actress Ann B. Davis dies
b Goldman: Our Strategy Stance On The ECB Meeting On Thurs
e Latest on Sarah Jones Death
b Air France –KLM Issues Profit Warning
e Neil Patrick Harris Shares: Coming Out Brought 'More Opportunities Than Ever'
b Virtu's one trading loss in five years 'incredible', experts say
t Federal jury orders tech giant Samsung to pay
t Cisco Set to Launch Cloud Services
e 'Pretty Woman' And Porn: Enslavement As Entertainment
e Lupita named most beautiful woman 2014
e Denmark's ups and downs at Eurovision
t Cavemen ate their greens, scientists find
e Gwen Stefani to Replace Christina Aguilera on The Voice
t Facebook Manipulates You Every Day and They Are Not Sorry About It
m Missouri reports case of mosquito-borne virus
t Flappy Bird Game to Return to App Store? Creator Dong Nguyen Says Yes, But  ...
t This Startup Has A Plan To Control Everything In Your Home Over The Internet
b Tiffany Reports Stellar Q1 Earnings - Analyst Blog
e Seth MacFarlane Sued Over Ted Copyright Breach
e 'Girl Meets World' picks up the 'Boy Meets World' torch for a new generation
t LG G3 hands-on: Quad HD and Lasers for 2014′s flagship
m Gov. Cuomo announces plan to fight NY's HIV crisis through increased testing  ...
e French Montana Gets His Ferrari 458 Done After Taking Khloe's Jeep to the Shop
e Beyoncé And Jay Z Share Never-Before-Seen Wedding Footage At 'On the Run  ...
e Movie review: 'Transformers' sticks with formula, for good and bad
b GE says new Alstom deal still a big win
b The Bear Case For Uber (Yes, There Is One)
t 'Diablo 3' Finally Exorcises Its Demon, The Auction House
m Malaysia Plane Victims Include Infants, AIDS Researchers
m Crackdown on Florida clinics leads to decline in deaths, report finds
b Apple Pays for Lack of Vision With Beats Acquisition (Analysis)
b Oklahoma Now Has More Earthquakes Because of Fracking
e Let's Talk About Channing Tatum's Ridiculous Facial Hair in 'Jupiter Ascending'
e 'Dawn of the Planet of the Apes': Fox unveils three shorts (VIDEO)
b DMV Investigating Possible Credit Card Breach
e Wish I Was Here Is—Just Barely—an Indie Success
e James Franco talks poetry, denies he slept with Lindsay Lohan
e BET Awards 2014: Complete List of Performers and Winners Sources
b Just one bank fails Federal Reserve's stress test
b ​Twitter user Hidden Cash is stashing money around SF
t Starbucks to Introduce Wireless Charging Mats in Stores
t Facebook acquires activity-tracking app Moves, will keep it separate and  ...
t Android 4.4.2 KitKat Leaks Out for the G Pad 8.3; Here's How to Get It
b WWE Money in the Bank Opinions and Predictions
t GM's Barra: We don't know what went wrong
e The Grand Budapest Hotel (Fox Searchlight Pictures, R)
b Weak loans, money supply data turn up pressure on ECB
t New HTC One teardown shows it is hard to repair
e Yahoo Screen Renews Joel McHale's 'Community' Season 6 After NBC  ...
e Lorde To Curate Soundtrack For The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1
e Wizarding Worlds Diagon Alley opens at Universal Orlando
b Bakken shale fracking has produced a billion barrels of oil
t Apple Launches New iOS 8 SDK
e 'Fury' Poster: David Ayer Brings Brad Pitt Back to World War II
m The deadly war on e-cigarettes
t House Votes To Deny Climate Science And Ties Pentagon's Hands On Climate  ...
m Positive Phase 3 Results for Once Weekly Prophylaxis for Hemophilia B
e Frankie Knuckles, Disco's Revenge, and Gay Black Music's Triumph
b Amazon's Fire Phone: 5 Key Features
t Apple-Samsung jury wasn't 'sending message'
e (click the phrases to see a list)
b Argentina: US judge blocks bond payments
e Chris Brown Bodyguard Convicted of Assault; Singer Next?
e The Celluloid Connection
t Aisha Tyler Talks "Watch Dogs," "Archer," E3 and Unmanageable Body  ...
b Medtronic Succeeds Where Pfizer Failed: Escaping The IRS
e Conan O'Brien to host MTV Movie Awards full of summer teasers, zany honors
e Jessica Simpson walks down the aisle with fiance Eric Johnson
t Facebook buys video ad firm LiveRail
b UPDATE 4-Icahn backs down from demand that eBay spin off PayPal
b Boeing (NYSE: BA) Soaring Against Rival Airbus
t NASA OKs space station visit despite dead computer
b Applications for US jobless aid lowest in almost seven years
e Kardashians Reportedly Hate Fat Brother for Being Fat
b BMW Targets Significant Profit Gain Lifted by New Models
e UK: Unilever Launches Major New Ben & Jerry's Campaign
t Burger King Baby finds birth mom after story spreads across the world, feels  ...
t Microsoft Shows Off Windows Mobile Experience for Connected Cars
e Whedon Releases Movie For Digital Download
b CORRECTED-Morgan Stanley quarterly profit more than doubles
e Kendall Jenner Chanel Haute Couture Debut: Here's A Look At Her Fashion  ...
t Report: Daimler, Nissan Team Up for Compact Car Production
b A look at Time Warner and Twenty-First Century Fox
t Adios, Windows Azure. Hello, Microsoft Azure
t BlackBerry boosts security position with Secusmart buy
e Lena Dunham Takes On The Story Of Adam & Eve On SNL And, Yes, There's A  ...
e Movie Watch: Transcendence
t Sprint fined $7.5 million for violating your 'Do Not Call' requests
t Net giants weigh in on neutrality debate
t Nest restarts Protect smoke alarm sales after safety recall, cuts price and  ...
m States Get a $100 Million Fund to Advance Medicaid Reform
t Prairie chicken listed as threatened; will impact Texas, Oklahoma, Kansas  ...
b Barclays Reaches $280 Million Settlement Over Loans Sold to GSEs
b The Fed's unemployment conundrum
e 'Game of Thrones' Season 4, Episode 3 Recap: Purple Wedding leaves Kings  ...
m Three Brazilian cities at higher dengue risk during Fifa World Cup
b Fed should not let economy overheat, Fisher tells CNBC
t NASA Probe Comes Back from the Dead After 27 Years of Retirement
e Ray J Gives Kim and Kanye a 'F**k You' Wedding Gift
b Gas prices holding fairly steady
e 'The Sopranos' David Chase Finally Clears Up Series Ending: Did Tony Die?
e Game of Thrones Close-Up: Ain't No Party Like a Westeros Party
b Microsoft 3Q earnings beat expectations
e Marvel's 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier' continues box office dominance
b Kaepernick responds to Miami incident
e Keeping up with the Kardashians - Kim K Dresses Up North West
e Too daring? Kendall Jenner's jaw-dropping dress creates buzz
b US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Biotech pummeled again, extending Wall St slide
e Hugh Jackman warns younger self not to make '43′
e The Five Lessons of Good Friday
e Filming of 'Fast & Furious' resumes in Atlanta
e Jamie Lynn Spears, 22, weds James Watson, 31, report says
e Doing the Bieber! Miley Cyrus compares herself to Justin as she tries to pull a  ...
e Hilary Duff's New Single Has Officially Dropped
m Scientists Develop Blood Test To Predict Alzheimer's With More Than 90  ...
t Remastered 'Halo: Master Chief Collection' Coming To Xbox One?
m Watch: Video of topless woman vandalizing McDonald's goes viral
b Gold poised for second quarterly gain as US data move into focus
e Glastonbury: Michael Eavis admits lightning wouldn't have stopped him before!
e 'Transformers' unearths $100M debut at box office - WBOC-TV 16, Delmarvas  ...
e Rosie O'Donnell to Run It Back on The View?
t At FTC's request, court shuts down mobile cramming operation that stuck  ...
b Justice Department studies GM's recall of compact cars
b Stocks In No-Man's Land, but Catalytic Levels Are Clear
e Jonah Hill: Homophobic Slur Hurled at Photog -- "Suck My D***, F*****"
t Apple debuts Handoff for iOS and OS X devices in call to Dr. Dre
m Semen study: Men with sperm defects may have higher risk of dying
t PS4 Hits 7 Million Sold Worldwide
e 6 most memorable moments from the BET Awards
b BMW says to invest $1bn to ramp up US production of SUVs
m Stem cells display bizarre absorption property
e 'Field of Dreams' anniversary celebrates fathers, sons and baseball
e Record Store Day: Independent music shops can offer a tempting alternative to  ...
b Stocks close lower as tech stocks stumble again
m UN+says+Asia%27s+demand+drives+global+meth+seizures
b Posted by Parvez Jabri
e Neil Lane Ring With 'Halo of Diamonds' Used to Propose to Andi Dorfman in  ...
e Neil Young Introduces PonoMusic to the World -- While Its CEO Raises Some  ...
b Coutts Adds More Gold Amid Rising China Demand and Geopolitical Risks
e Outlander (2014)
t TECH: Apple launches 8GB iPhone 5C
t BlackBerry's deal with Amazon gives BB10 users 240000 Android apps
e Eminem, Rihanna To Perform At MTV Movie Awards 2014
m Poor Sleep Affects Babies' Weight Later In Life
m 'Drastic action' needed on Ebola
t Techdirt: A Little Honesty: Comcast Doesn't Give AF**k What You Think Of Its  ...
b IRS Audits, Support Affected by Budget Cuts
t NFLX: Netflix Just Started 4K TV Streaming
e Mag: Lindsey Vonn and Tiger Woods' ex wife are friends
t Amazon's "Kindle Unlimited" is All You Can Read eBooks for $9.99 per Month
t Suit filed over Muslim citizenship denials, delays
b MH370 relatives arrive in Malaysia seeking answers
b Oil steadies below $111 as supply fears fade
e Police didn't find suicide note from Peaches Geldolf
b Why Yellen-led Fed may find it complicated to calibrate monetary policy
e 'Cycle couture' by Lagerfeld is tour de force
t Microsoft's Surface Has a New Mission
b Russia Signs $400-Billion Gas Deal With China
e Man's solo music video for All By Myself alone in Las Vegas airport goes viral
b Lundberg: Gasoline Prices Set to Fall from 14-Month High
b AT&T makes bet on video with $48.5 bln DirecTV bid
e Elin Nordegren And Lindsey Vonn Are Bonding
m World Health Organization: 120 health care workers die in Ebola outbreak
e 'Like a rolling stone' could bring 2 million USD at auction
e Kim Kardashian's Family Pre-Wedding Photos
t Violence in Iraq could cause local gasoline prices to rise
b Postal workers union's protest Staples mail centers
t Microsoft and Skype may have just invented the world's first real universal  ...
e Jonah Hill apologises: 22 Jump Street actor sorry for using 'disgusting  ...
b Home sales improve, affordability for renters doesn't
e Miley Cyrus Outrages Fans After Making Date Rape Joke At GAY Gig
e See Guardians of the Galaxy's Most Amazing Makeup Transformations
t General Motors recalling Camaros
e Meshach Taylor of 'Designing Women' dies at 67
b JC Penney sales rebound
e Shia LaBeouf Lead Out of 'Cabaret' in Handcuffs: Calls Officer a 'Fag'
b Airlines are running late and mishandling more bags, but fewer passengers  ...
e 'Mad Men' Recap: Season 7, Episode 5 'The Runaways'
e The Black Keys and Jake Bugg are coming to Edmonton
e Samuel L. Jackson: S.H.I.E.L.D. stands for what?
e Pope Francis Screens Noah Movie, Cancels Private Meeting with Russell Crowe  ...
e Update on Last Night's Big Twist On True Blood (SPOILERS)
t Pinocchio rex: new dinosaur species discovered in China
e Watch Nicki Minaj Throw Major Shade at Iggy Azalea
t Windows 8 forbidden for government use in China
e Record Store Day in Tampa means bands, beer and rare vinyl
t Report says Google is working on a $100 Nexus smartphone
e Slime time: Wahlberg helms Kids' Choice Awards
b Glencore sells mine to Chinese group for $5.8 bln
b Uber legal in London, rules TfL
e Drew Carey Dancing With the Stars Tango Video 4/21/14 #DWTS
e Watch Brian Williams rap 'Gin and Juice'
m Ground Beef Recall: Children at Risk
e 'Opie & Anthony' show's Anthony Cumia fired by Sirius XM after series of racially  ...
e Sarah Palin Should Join 'The View' —…
t AT&T Samsung Gear Smart Watches Release: Pre-Oders Begin Friday
t Amazon Announces September Release of 'Hologram' 3D Smartphone
t Amazon.com Launches Handheld Scanning Device For Grocery Service
t Will Apple (AAPL) Stock Move Higher Today As New iPhones Set For Production?
t Amazon snaps up Twitch Interactive
b Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg Takes $1 Salary
b GM Creates New Post For Safety Issues
e Robert De Niro crashes World Cup party In Brooklyn
b BMW to Invest $1 Billion to Expand Plant in South Carolina
t Xbox film crew unearths Atari's ET video games in the desert
e Mad Men Episode 6: "The Strategy" Recap
t 'Death stars' destroy protoplanets in the Orion Nebula
t Gas up 2 cents per gallon in Massachusetts to an average of $3.70
m Iodide Supplements During Pregnancy May Protect Baby's Brain
b Why Hillshire Brands (HSH) Stock Is Down Today
b Twitter's Stock Sinks Despite Revenue and User Growth
e Lots of alternatives for second seder
e OMG! Let's talk about Lindsay Lohan's sex list, shall we? Two words: Jamie  ...
t Planet 17 Times Heavier Than Earth Found by Kepler Probe
e Miley Cyrus joins latest craze and has new tattoo inside her lip: photos
t Facebook Testing Shopping Feature; Hit Buy on Ads to Own Your Goods
e Beyonce Once Ran Up On 50 Cent To Defend Jay Z
e 'Harry Potter' Spinoff 'Fantastic Beasts' To Be A Trilogy
b IRS to tax bitcoin as if it's property
e Peaches Geldof Dead At 25: Bob Geldof's Daughter Was A Fashion Fixture
t Facebook releases "nearby friends" feature
e At 82, Rooney wowed 'em in Vandergrift
e X-Men: Days of Future Past trailer teases an army of mutants
e HBO Go App Crashes During "Game of Thrones" Premiere
e Sarah Silverman shows off her pot stash on the Emmys red carpet
t Apple and IBM Announce Major Enterprise Partnership
e Tupac Shakur's last words were '(expletive) you,' recalls police officer
b Biggest news you missed this weekend
t Google I/O keynote interrupted by protester: 'Develop a conscience'
b Wall St. Edges Up On ECB Hopes, M&A Activity
e Prince, Warner Bros., reach agreement over rights
e Kanye's 'extreme security plans for wedding'
b Facebook CFO David Ebersman stepping down despite staggering profits
e Ice Cube blasts MTV for 'sympathy' award to crash victim Paul Walker
e Dragons Are "Real To Us," Says 'How To Train Your Dragon 2' Director Dean  ...
b Natco Pharma tanks as US Supreme Court agrees to hear Teva's Copaxone  ...
e Watch Chad Smith & Will Ferrell's Drum-Off And Red Hot Chili Peppers Play  ...
t Xbox One Will See External Storage Support Added In June Update
t GM issues another recall of 50000 Chevrolet Camaro
e Is it a Gown? Is it Pants? Jennifer Lopez's Stunning Atelier Versace Outfit Is  ...
b China poised to overtake US economy: World Bank ranking
e “The Voice” Confirms Adam, Blake Will Join Gwen, Pharrell on Season 7
e 'Dancing With the Stars' recap: Disney night shocker!
e 'SNL' Lampoons 'Game of Thrones' Author
e Gotham Trailer Officially Released Online
b Brent crude dips below $114 as Iraq supply fears ease
e “Game of Thrones”: And Now Our Watch Has Ended
t Which CPUs will you find in the Surface Pro 3?
b Southwest Airlines: Updated Research Report - Analyst Blog
m Nestlé USA Issues Recall Of Limited Amounts Of Häagen-Dazs® Chocolate  ...
b Wall St opens flat, S&P coming off record
m Maternal deaths on the rise in the U.S.
b Target: Don't bring guns in stores
m Survey offers broad look at gay, bisexual health
b Burger King displays Pride, sells 'Proud Whopper'
t Super-Sized MakerBot Replicator Z18 3D Printer Now Shipping
m Autism prevalence among US children on the rise
m FDA Finally OKs Inhaled Insulin
b US stocks: Wall St. pulls back modestly from record close
m Caroline Ruscak of Massachusetts gives Newborn baby weighs in at 14lb 5oz
m Researchers Warn of Dengue Outbreak During FIFA World Cup 2014 Brazil
m FDA Grants New Indication For Pfizer/Bristol Anticoagulant
e Glastonbury 2014: Metallica mocked controversy and didn't disappoint with a 90  ...
t Leaked Documents Show that Samsung Tried to Trick the Press with Galaxy Tab  ...
t Tim Cook Condemns New 'Haunted Empire' Book On Apple's Demise
t The Samsung Galaxy S5 having a metal-body is coming on August 13
e Paul Simon, Edie Brickell Criminal Case To Be Dropped
t HTC One M8 specs, features, pricing & availability – All you need to know
t 10 arrested during protest at Google headquarters
e Streisand Responds to Larry Kramer's NORMAL HEART Accusations: 'No Need  ...
e YouTube Sensation Superwoman (Lilly Singh) Recreates Jay Z and Solange  ...
t 8 things to know about Apple's new system
e New Harry Potter story: J.K. Rowling offers glimpse of life after 'Deathly Hallows'
e 2016's BATMAN VS. SUPERMAN Gets Official, Longer Title
e Wiz Khalifa Released From Jail, Takes 'Complete Control Over The Internet  ...
b In Ruling, EPA Gets 'Almost Everything It Wants'
e Millions of Viewers Were Unable to Watch HBO's Most Expensive Show Last Night
e 'Mrs. Doubtfire' sequel in the works, report says
t Ford Cuts Mileage Ratings for Second Time in a Year
e 'Noah' Trailer and Clip Sell the Superheroic Side of a Biblical Epic
e Ken Loach and Mike Leigh both nominated at Cannes Film Festival 2014
e Kim Kardashian - Kim Kardashian Vows To Fight Racism
e Happy Easter TO You All
b European stocks push higher, Ifo data supports; Dax up 0.82%
e 'Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1' Teaser Shows Katniss Leading the  ...
t Samsung Selects New Mobile Design Chief
e Jump Street - 22 Jump Street Stuns With $60 Million Opening Weekend
b SanDisk to buy Fusion-io for $1.1 billion
t Apple v. Samsung jury: verdict not meant to send big message
m $14M Awarded in Lawsuit Linking Contraceptive, Stroke
e Terminus Cannibals? 'Walking Dead' Finale Raises Questions (Spoilers)
b Expensive legal action starts
t Nokia, Microsoft Close $7.5B Deal
t Love Titanfall? EA has launched a companion app for iOS, Android and  ...
b Coldwater Creek files for bankruptcy
b Barclays' dark pool shunned by clients after fraud case
t Nvidia serves up dual GK110 GPUs on $2999 GeForce Titan Z
e Critical Mass: Come for the Transformers, stay for the critics' zingers
t AT&T Involved in Online Conflict with Netflix over Internet Neutrality
e Ddendyl Hoyt: "The Voice" Underdog
t Flappy Bird is returning to fly another day, 'but not soon'
m Oscar Pistorius trial, heart attack & clues from psychiatric evaluation revealed
e Linda Perry, Sara Gilbert Wed
b Mismanagement by Pilots Caused the 2013 Asiana Airlines Flight 214 Crash  ...
e Miss USA may have been a 'Miss Nevada' carpetbagger
e Jessica Simpson dons custom Carolina Herrera gown at wedding
t Comcast Stems Cord-Cutting Tide With 24000 New Subscribers
e Selena Gomez shows off butt in risque Instagram photo
t Google Glass now available for £1000 in the UK
b Three arrested over Turkish mine explosion
b Wal-Mart taking on GameStop, will soon accept video game trade-ins
b Argentine leader: Won't submit to 'extortion' after US Supreme Court ruling on  ...
t Possible Chinese antitrust investigation targets Microsoft
e Jupiter Ascending: watch the new trailer
b BlackBerry Posts Narrower-Than-Expected Q4 Loss
b Twitter users to grow 24.4 percent in 2014, US still largest market
t Pets' Endearing Features Could Be Result Of Genetic Deficit Linked To  ...
t Residents flock to see nest
t Businessman Creates Tesla 'Charging Road' From Beijing to Guangzhou
t Facebook mulling apps to allow anonymous log-ins
b Oil Exports: A Step Toward 21st Century Energy Policy?
t Xbox One sold at Acircpound299 by GameSeek
b Balance explained the log-term stability in the oil price-Ruehl
e Gabriel Garcia Marquez dies at 87
t 4. Iceland Volcano Eruption May Be Imminent
t Apple Drops MacBook Air Price by $100, Upgrades Chips
e TRAILER: Megan Fox is back in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
t SpaceX making 'progress' toward Mars colony, says Elon Musk
e PHOTO: Demi Lovato Swears At Pap 'Bullies' As She Hits Trailblazer Awards
e Sexual Harassment At Comic-Con Leads To Call For New Convention Policy
t Facebook spring cleans your News Feed for more quality, less spam
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West get active on Irish honeymoon
b US Consumer Confidence Jumped in March
e Lana Del Rey Is A Two-Timing Vixen In New Video For “West Coast”
b Medtronic in $43B deal for Ireland's Covidien
b Target Appoints PepsiCo Exec as Chairman, CEO
b Egypt's Government Raises Fuel Prices Dramatically
e Time to rally
e Traffic: Beware of congestion for Diagon Alley grand opening at Universal
b US trade deficit narrows in March
e Kim Kardashian Bares Her Bra in Backless Crop Top: See Her Curve-Hugging  ...
e Johnny Cash: Out Among the Stars
t Yahoo! Keeps Winning With Alibaba (and Losing Everywhere Else)
b 96000 Pounds Of Oscar Mayer Hot Dogs Recalled Due To Misbranding
m Researchers Find Gene That Boosts Intelligence
e Tammy, Life Itself, Deliver Us From Evil, Snowpiercer, Earth to Echo, Begin  ...
b Amazon Rolls Its Shopping Carts Onto Twitter's Turf
b MISSING MH370 : Definite findings on debris in 2-3 days, Australia
b MH370 'remained in controlled flight after contact lost'
e Stars turn out to celebrate Theatreland's finest at Olivier Awards
e Benedict Cumberbatch Met Gala 2014: White Tie Suits 'Sherlock' Star
t Android leading mobile app downloads, but iOS top in revenue
e 'I was involved in no fight': Columbus Short denies any wrongdoing after arrest  ...
e Kelly Clarkson gives birth to daughter River Rose Blackstock
b GM vetoed better ignition part to save money, advocates say
e N. Korea Replaces Defense Minister
m New federal government study finds autism cases more common, 30% increase
e Game Of Thrones Season 4 Episode 7: Mockingbird Recap With Spoilers
e TV Ratings: 'How I Met Your Mother' Finale Brings Series Highs
e Emma Stone gives Andrew Garfield the look of love at The Amazing Spider-Man  ...
b Nokia (NOK) Appoints Rajeev Suri as CEO; Updates on Strategy; Restarts  ...
e Get Ready to 'Go Wild, Simply Wild' Over Bullets Over Broadway Cast Album!
b Startups Pitch a Brighter Future for Book Publishing
e BLOGS OF THE DAY: Brangelina to return on-screen
t Google Debuts Android TV
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West May Get Married This Week! (VIDEO)
b Hackers Claim to Have Evidence of Fraud Surrounding Mt. Gox Closure
b Coke to drop controversial ingredient all together
e 'It's Frustrating For Her': Victoria Beckham 'Baffled By Kim Kardashian And Kanye  ...
e Shia LaBeouf Arrested After Outburst At Broadway Theater
e Dolce and Gabbana Found Guilty Of Tax Evasion
m Flesh-eating bacteria in Florida coastal waters kills 1; Officials issue warning
t Get ready for a rare sight in the night sky early Tuesday
b Report Casts Doubt On Potential Of Monterey Shale Oil Production
e Mila Kunis talks cravings
e Chris Brown- Karrueche Tran Split: Model to Meet Ex-Boyfriend After he Comes  ...
e 'True Detective' Season One Finale: Light Above Darkness
t Gear Fit gets torn apart, reveals internals and curved battery
e Barbara Walters Reveals Her Last Day On 'The View'
e There Could Be a Full House Revival In the Works — With Original Cast  ...
b US launches probe into Herbalife
b Nikkei falls on Dow drop, yen rise
m Breast lift procedures growing at twice the rate of breast implant surgeries
e Royal Ass: Kate Middleton's Bare Bottom Exposed By Wind
m Fears of world's worst Ebola outbreak spreading put Europe, Asia on alert
e 'X-Men' overpowers 'Godzilla' on way to holiday weekend win
t 'Battle brewing' between energy and insurance industries over climate change
t TSLA: Tesla CEO Says SpaceX Will Put People on Mars by 2026
t Google Brings Android to Smartwatches in Mobile Push
b Report: Snapchat in talks with Alibaba on funding
m Ebola outbreak: Victim who sparked fears of global epidemic was on way home  ...
m Study: Red meat intake could increase breast cancer
b S&P 500 rises on Janet Yellen as Europe shares gain, treasuries fall
m Dachel Media Review: Jenny McCarthy Logically Explains Stance
t Scientists identify world`s largest flying bird
t Ford recalls more than 692000 Escape SUVs over air bag, door latch safety  ...
b Indian officals order Coca-Cola plant to close for using too much water
m Young blood reverses effects of aging in mice
t Facebook introduces privacy warnings for new users
e Top 10 Things to know about new ABC 'World News' anchor David Muir
e Beyonce Receives Michael Jackson Video Vanguard Award
m Federal food safety officials say recalled beef may have been sent to stores in 10  ...
t Windows XP: How to Secure the Dead OS
t Climate Change Helped Genghis Khan Create the Mongol Empire, Researchers  ...
b SoftBank shares jump more than 7 percent after Alibaba results
b Big bonus for Apple executive
e 'Sharknado 2' draws record Syfy audience, nearly 4 million tune in
m EBOLA OUTBREAK CONFIRMED[VIDEO+REPORT]: 59 DEAD OUT OF 80  ...
b Oil sinks on weak Chinese data, end of heating season
m County Health Rankings: Delaware County Ranks 83rd
b McDonald's, not only franchisees, liable in worker complaints: NLRB
t UN climate impact report: highlights
b Gas Prices May Headed for Highest Price in 6 Years
e Miley Cyrus Will 'Remain Hospitalized,' Had 'Extreme Allergic Reaction' to Antib
e Johnny Depp Confirms His Engagement to Amber Heard in the Weirdest Way  ...
b GM (GM), Chrysler Lead US Sales Charge in June (F) (TM)
e Barbara Walters' ABC Special 'Her Story': 6 Things Learned
e Gaga celebrates birthday backstage at the Roseland
b UC Drought Summit convenes in state Capitol today
b Applications for US unemployment benefits edge up
e 'American Idol XIII' review: How Jena Irene, Caleb Johnson, Jessica Meuse  ...
e 'Game of Thrones' Nikolaj Coster-Waldau plays 'a horrible guy' in 'The Other  ...
e Hilary Duff - Hilary Duff Writes New Song About Marriage Split
b Wall Street up ahead of FOMC
t UN science report: Warming worsens security woes
t Additional Moto 360 Designs Showing Different Bands
t FCC Considers Fee-For-Access Deals Among Internet Providers
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Expected to Come with Ultrasound Based S Pen
e Sofia Vergara reportedly dating Joe Manganiello
t NRC computers attacked by Chinese hackers, spy agency says
m Hummus Dip recalled over threat of bacteria
m Research and Markets: Global Crohn's Disease Drug Market and Pipeline  ...
t 'Heartbleed' Bug Has Everyone Worried, Here's Why
e Music pioneer Frankie Knuckles dies at age 59
e Miley Cyrus Won't Appear On The Voice Because Of Christina Aguilera "Feud"?
b Alibaba's results improve ahead of IPO
b Fed sees October as end of monthly bond buying
b Fed employees owe taxes at twice rate of government workers
b Retail groups 'disappointed' in debit card ruling
b Inflation and MPC Minutes Key For Sterling Next Week after Carney's Rate Talk
t Soyuz launch to space station successful, 3 astronauts on board
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Rumors: Galaxy S5 'Prime' Specs, Release Date
t Expect more California wildfires with global warming, experts say
t Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Case Specials - Amazon Offering Several Galaxy Note  ...
e Jason Momoa to Play Aquaman in “Batman Vs Superman” Movie
t Daily Digest
b Prescriptions for contraceptives skyrocket under Affordable Care Act, says new  ...
t Friday 13th coincides with a full moon— but what's the truth about these two  ...
m Blood test to predict Alzheimer's
e House music legend Frankie Knuckles dies
t Can Apple Keep Meeting Its High Expectations?
e Paul McCartney Cancels Remainder Of Japan Tour
b FTSE CLOSE: Footsie boosted by Shire surge after AbbVie's £27.2bn bid
t Daimler, Nissan plan joint luxury factory in Mexico
t PayPal announces its app for Android Wear
t AAA predicts gas prices have hit spring peak
e Academy taps Neil Meron and Craig Zadan to produce 2015 Oscars
e Scarlett Johansson Chopped Her Hair Off!(PHOTO)
b US judge says bank should return Argentine bond payment
e REVIEW: 'Grand Budapest Hotel' an early standout for 2014
e Why 'Captain America: Winter Soldier' is an anomaly for Marvel
t Abnormal Volume Stocks To Watch On Tuesday
b HSBC manufacturing PMI sees fastest pace of growth since feb
b New home sales fall to five-month low in US
e Allman files suit against production company
b NY state attorney general accuses Barclays of fraud in lawsuit
t Scientists Confirm Existence of 117th Element
m Study: 3-D mammography more effective than traditional mammograms
b HK Chief Executive meets President of Macedonia
b IBM Slips After Reporting Better-Than-Expected Revenue Of $24.36B, Non  ...
b Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Raises Its Bid To $119 Billion, Will AstraZeneca Accept It?
m Yuma County reports its 1st West Nile case in 2014
m Study ties breast cancer gene to high-risk uterine cancer
e Film Review: 'Million Ways to Die in the West' offers Seth MacFarlane's uneven  ...
t Orion Death Stars Kill Off Planets Before They Can Form
b Asian stock markets up, Europe subdued ahead of US, China data later this week
e Saw-wielding man attacked Japan girl group AKB48
b Thousands of flights cancelled amid huge strike by Lufthansa pilots
e Beyonce, Matthew McConaughey, Miley Cyrus And More Make Time's 100 Most  ...
e The Talker: Zac Efron punched while in skid row
m West Nile case reported in Nebraska
t Microsoft demonstrates Skype translator
t Reclusive Flappy Bird Creator Could Reissue Game with Disclaimer
e Channing Tatum in talks to play Gambit in future 'X-Men' film
e The Black Keys, Cage The Elephant to perform in Detroit; Grand Rapids show  ...
b Asiana says pilot error "probable cause" of US crash
t Netflix CEO calls out big ISPs, vows to fight for Net neutrality
t Apple Launches 'Better' Environmental Campaign, Revealing Nevada Data  ...
t Who knew cancelling cable service could be so hard?
b Rajan delivers no surprises; leaves repo rate, CRR unchanged
e 'The View' considers a male co-star
e Whoopi Goldberg Uses Marijuana for Glaucoma
t RAW VIDEO: Time lapse of the lunar eclipse
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Sells Twice Better Than Galaxy S4 on Launch Day, U.K.  ...
m Diabetes Meds Could Do More Harm Than Good For Some
t Pollution-hit Paris shows the way
b Forget high-speed trading, small investors: 401(k) fees pose much bigger  ...
b County unemployment up from January, same as year ago
b Cambridge Versus Uber
b What will Fed's next step by in hazy economy?
e 'Transformers' Tops Weak 4th Of July Box Office
e Film provides entertainment, not much else
t Cross-industry Iot Group Pushes for Gear That Works Together
e Weekend Box Office Report: Captain America Takes The Helm
t UN: Climate change threatening civilization
e Cooking From the Heart: Maya Angelou's Buttermilk Biscuits
m Hepatitis A exposure in popular Rockland County restaurant: officials
b How Many Hours of Porn A Day Does An EPA Employee Have to Watch on the  ...
m UPDATE 1-Saudi Arabia finds another 32 MERS cases as disease spreads
t Apple iOS 8: All the facts
b US hopes for India deal on WTO rift
b Obamacare hits milestone, but detours ahead for health law
t Five-Year-Old Discovers Hole in Xbox Live Security
b CHINA EVACUATES WORKERS FROM VIETNAM
b New Iowa unemployment report shows slight increase
m CDC Announces First Case of MERS in the US
e Kim Kardashian takes selfie of her stomach while on second honeymoon
t iFixit opens up the new 16 GB iPod touch
e 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' is the Culmination of Film as Commerce
t Caveat Emptor Clipping that coupon could now cost you the right to sue
m Ebola outbreak 'not out of hand', UN health agency says readying response
e Bob Dylan's 'Like a Rolling Stone' Draft Sells for a Record $2M (+Musician Mini  ...
e Oprah gives Starbucks' tea push a shot of celebrity with Oprah Chai
b US economy shrinks 2.9% in first quarter
b US Existing Home Sales Head Lower, Here's Why
b Intel raises outlook on stronger PC demand, shares jump
e ​Prince William and Prince George get a chocolate makeover for Father's Day
t Chrome now blocking extensions not on Web Store
t Now Google set its eyes on your living room
e New 'Rosemary's Baby' is enough to make you cry
b Pandora Media Inc (P) Q1 Earnings Preview
b Asian Shares Mixed; Yen Hits Three-Month High -- 3rd Update
e 'Fury' trailer
b Beware of drinking Coca-Cola's Kool-Aid
b Google's first-quarter profits grow slower than expected
b General Mills scraps change in legal terms about its websites
b AOL misses profit estimates; stock tumbles
b Stocks Under Pressure Amid Anxiety Ahead Of Earnings - US Commentary
b NZ dollar gains after weaker US economic reports damp demand for greenback
t Facebook's Connectivity Lab to use satellites, drones to spread the Internet
b US manufacturing output increases solidly in May
e Hugh Jackman on playing claw-wielding superhero Wolverine in X-Men: Days of  ...
b Dov Charney is Out, But is American Apparel Any Better?
e The Agony and the Honesty of Lindsay
b Mortgage Rates Unchanged at Chase Bank Today Mar 12
e REPORT: Are Kim and Kanye tying the knot this week?
t Eta Aquarid Meteor Shower From Halley's Comet Debris Visible Tuesday
m Relay for Life of Chatham takes place May 31
b LinkedIn Reaches 300 Million Members
e L'Wren Scott's sister calls Mick Jagger 'grotesquely disrespectful' over new  ...
e The Real Housewives of Orange County Season 9: First Cast Pic!
b Yet another Twitter exec, Chloe Sladden leaves
e Who won 'Dancing With the Stars' season 18?
t Google Said To Be Talking Joint-Venture With Virgin Galactic
e Katie Holmes ditches denim for topless Glamour shot
b Barclays, Credit Suisse Battle Banker Exodus, U.S. Woes
t New HTC One (M8) is a solid flagship smartphone
e Soul singer and the well known songwriter Bobby Womack died at the age of 70
b Libyan rebels to reopen two remaining oil terminals: spokesman
e Here are five of Rooney's most memorable movie roles:
t Motorola Unveils Moto E in India: Dual-SIM Support, 4.3-inch Screen
e Jack White unveils new solo album and track 'High Ball Stepper'
t Microsoft's crusade against malware advances to Kuwait, Algeria
t Google Inc (GOOG) Continues on Self-Driving Odyssey
b Virgin America tops Consumer Reports airline rankings
t Climate Change Is on the Ballot
e Lion-hunting cheerleader shoots back: I'm a conservationist
e Tribeca Festival to promote change by showing local films
m Experts assess evidence for marijuana as epilepsy treatment
m Giraffe gives good-bye kiss to zoo worker with cancer
m New technology allows 3D screening for breast cancer
t Is the New Samsung Galaxy S an iPad Killer?
e Orlando Bloom Opens Up About Life After Miranda Kerr
b Soybeans Hit a Low for the Seventh Session, Corn Slips
b SunTrust Upgrades Yahoo! to "Buy" (YHOO)
b Gold prices dip in Asia, but Ukraine events support
e Film Critic Says She Didn't Mean to Blame Judd Apatow For Shooting Spree  ...
b Herbalife marketing practices said to be target of FBI probe
m Study: Sleep Apnea Increases Risk of Hearing Loss
t Supermoon early on Saturday will be the first of three this summer
e Things Get Nippy On The Set Of Kim Kardashian's Latest Photoshoot
e RZA Comments On Killa Bees Rapper's Suicide Attempt
t Microsoft (MSFT) Said Planning Large Workforce Reduction Soon
e Paltrow thanks fans for split support
e Wolverine's Wang is 'Hard to Hide' Says Hugh Jackman
t Most people want a bigger iPhone—some are even willing to pay extra for it
e Review: Neil Patrick Harris crushes it in 'Hedwig and the Angry Inch' | The Republic
e Gwyneth Paltrow, Chris Martin announce their separation
m Many U.S. Vets Suffer Chronic Pain, Take Narcotic Painkillers: Study
e Jim Parsons on 'The Daily Show' talks 'The Normal Heart'
b European stocks extends gains amid ECB speculation; Dax jumps 1.41%
e 'Jump Street' beats 'Dragon' in box-office battle
t Business in Savannah in brief
b Juror dishes on Steinberg trial deliberation details
b Yellen Says the Only Sure Thing Is Uncertainty
e Robert Pattinson: 'I don't understand the backlash against Twilight'
t Microsoft, Nokia Deal to Close April 25
e Entertainment Robert Pattinson Reveals He's 'Homeless'
b Earnings on Deck: Hewlett-Packard Company, Target Corporation, and Trina  ...
b Michaels Says Nearly 3M Credit, Debit Cards Breached
t BlackBerry taps into eavesdropping technology
t BlackBerry unveils app licensing deal with Amazon
e KISS, Peter Gabriel, Cat Stevens Inducted to Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
b New McThreads! Ronald McDonald Gets a Makeover
e Game Of Thrones season four, episode three, Breaker of Chains: No time for  ...
b US Students Fail to Make the Grade on Financial Literacy
e George RR Martin Does the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge; Finally Gets What He  ...
e Authorities: Clamp snapped in RI circus accident
t Instagram 6.0 Hides Powerful Updates Behind A Refreshingly Simple Interface
e Spoiler: A Tribute To True Blood's Latest Victim
b VMware First-Quarter Sales Gain 14% as Margins Narrow (1)
m Study raises red flags about prescribing codeine to children
b Drugmaker Shire agrees to Abbvie takeover
e Pharrell and Gwen Stefani Perform on 'The Voice'
e Darren Aronofsky honoured for kindness to animals
e New 'Peanuts' Trailer Leaves Everyone Confused (VIDEO)
b WTO rules China's duties on US cars after federal bailout broke trade rules
b Pfizer Q1 profit drops 15 per cent due to lower sales
b Rolls-Royce 'Disappointed' as Emirates Cancels Orders for 70 Airbus A350 Aircraf
t The Muddy Waters of XP End-of-Life and Public Disclosures
b Greenpeace worker loses 3.8 mn euros in bad currency bet
b China slams US move to levy higher duty on PV products
t Watch Out Surface, IPad May Be Getting Its Own Smart Keyboard Cover [VIDEO]
m California's Flu Season Winding Down
b 8 things to start your Wednesday, and it looks like a $7B settlement for Citigroup
e Review: 'The IMMORTAL' fitting tribute to Michael Jackson
b Live blog of Oracle call after firm reports weaker-than-forecast results
e HBO Go's 'Game of Thrones' No Go Is a Head-Scratcher
b Apple Rumored To Acquire Beats Electronics For $3.2 Billion
e Mayor Bill de Blasio sings 'I Love L.A.' on Jimmy Kimmel Live over Stanley Cup  ...
t FCC examining reasons for Internet traffic jams
b Stocks edge higher after Fed trims bond purchases
t JPMorgan Looks to Uber, Seamless to Plot Mobile Future
t Hackers Knock Out PlayStation Network, Divert Sony Executive's Plane
b Wal-Mart Wants to Buy Your Used Video Games
e The TAMMY “Autographed Poster” & “Independence Pack” Sweepstakes
m Access Health CT Names Interim CEO
m More than 50000 Britons quit work to care for relatives with dementia
b Tesco share price: Retailer posts 6% full-year profit fall
t Opposing View: Was Mozilla Flap Counter-Productive to Gay Rights?
e The Secret Service was prepared to kill Mr. Met
e The Weekend Warrior: The Fault in Our Stars, Edge of Tomorrow
m Cuba confirms six cases of chikungunya
t Buzz Aldrin describes taking first 'space selfie' back in 1966
t Android L Does have a Battery Percentage, Although it does involve a  ...
b U.S. Stock-Index Futures Are Little Changed After S&P 500 Record
e Jimmy Kimmel threatens 'war with Canada' if Buffalo Bills move north
b Health law legacy eludes Obama as changes set in
e Transformers 4 unearths US$100m debut box office
t Google Glass available to anyone (in the US) on April 15th
e Hangout Fest, a unique musical celebration
e Zac Efron's down for more 'High School Musical'
e Miranda Lambert dreams of Beyonce duet
m Ebola - no cure, no vaccine and the real danger of panic
t Valve shows off their own VR headset
e Hugh Jackman talks to entertainment.ie about X-Men: Days of Future Past
e A guide to new director Gia Coppola's film family, starring Francis & Sofia  ...
t Chrysler, GM, Ford sales all up
b China Mobile's profit falls for first time in 14 years
t Google buys Titan, in drone clash with Facebook
e Miley Cyrus Photo, Lyrics, Twitter & Instagram: 'Wrecking Ball' Star Mourns Dog  ...
b Fitch Revises South Africa's Outlook to Negative; Affirms at 'BBB'
e Challenge against ALS catches on in Georgia's health community
t Tesco Plans Smartphone And Hudl 2 Tablet
t Android 4.4 KitKat Update for Samsung Galaxy S4 Runs Into Unforeseen Problems
b Satya Nadella: Microsoft Will Show 'Courage In The Face Of Reality' (MSFT)
e Texas teenager cyber attacked after posting hunting photos
b Amazon pays workers up to $5000 to quit
e The Grand Budapest Hotel cast bonded over dinner party
b US judges restrict Obama administration's global warming program
e SXSW Review: 'Neighbors' Starring Seth Rogen, Zac Efron & Rose Byrne
t Analyst: Amazon's Fire Phone Won't Burn Apple
t MacBook Pro 2014: All The Latest Details On Its Release Date, Specs And  ...
t MIA at Google I/O: Glass, Google+ and other projects we're still wondering about
b Starbucks adding digital tips next Wednesday
t Crittercism Releases Industry First Mobile App Performance Benchmark Report
e CinemaCon: Universal Unveils First 'Fifty Shades of Grey' Footage
b Analysts: Don't sell your stocks
t Amazon Fire
e Scarlett Johansson Will 'Put The Request In To Marvel' For Black Widow Movie
e 'The Bachelor' 2014: Juan Pablo Slams Contestants After 'Women Tell All  ...
e Peaches Geldof Dies at 25: "We Are Beyond Pain," Says Dad Bob Geldof of  ...
m Beef recall hits local stores
b Winners, losers following Zillow's $3.5B Trulia buy: OPINION
t Microsoft boldly goes to prove Star Trek's Universal Translator is not a galaxy away
e Sherlock Special Episode and Season 4 to Film in 2015
e MOVIES: Your kids aren't into The Muppets? Hire a sitter
e Disney TV Chief Sweeney to Exit, Launch Directing Career
t Narendra Modi Worlds 2nd MostPopular Leader on Facebook after Obama
e 'Peanuts' 3-D movie coming in 2015
e Gary Oldman: I'm an a-hole
b GM Recalls More Vehicles Over Similar Ignition Switch Defects
t Apple resurrects the iPad 4 at $399, retires the iPad 2 at long last
b Pepsico's Snack Focus, Cost Cuts Grants Postive First Quarter Results
t Microsoft “selfie” phone in the works
m 50k Brits quit job to aid dementia sufferers: Report
b Turkey bans social media platform Twitter
b International Business Machines Corp. PT Raised to $197.00 (IBM)
b Weibo makes debut on Nasdaq, lowers shares offer
t Neil DeGrasse Tyson Watches the "Stoned Neil DeGrasse Tyson" Video
e AC/DC guitarist Malcolm Young taking a break 'due to ill health' as band denies  ...
e Justin Bieber does his best James Dean [PHOTO]
t Curtains come down on Windows XP today
e Fargo's Excellent Debut Watched By Over 4 Million Gosh Darn People
m Death toll in Ebola outbreak soars to 467
m Dr. Oz scolded at hearing on weight loss scams
t Sprint Chairman Son Vows Price War If T-Mobile Deal Approved
t Playstation network taken offline
e Hey Austin: Want to Host Ultra Music Festival?
e Maleficent Trailer and Star Wars Start Date Revealed; Sequel to The Incredibles  ...
e Dolly Parton does Glastonbury. It might be the best thing we've seen
e Colbert's joke is on the ill-humored
e Get the Most Popular Beauty World News Stories in a Weekly Newsletter
e 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' poised to become summer's first...
b Marchionne set to outline Chrysler's future plans
e A new Pattinson steps out at Cannes
m High on balm? Teens find new way to get high using over-the-counter lip balm
e You've Heard About Powdered Alcohol Coming to the U.S. — But Here's What's  ...
e Beyoncé's sister attacks Jay Z in elevator!
b Target CEO resigns. Will it win back shoppers?
t General Motors tells dealers to stop selling 2013, 2014 Chevrolet Cruze
e Kristen Stewart Steals All Chanel's Thunder With Bangin' Rave Nymph Haircut
e Hunger Games teaser drops
t Google workforce: White and male
b Mulberry CEO steps down
e Will Peeta Turn His Back on Katniss? Watch the Eerie First Teaser for 'The  ...
e Listen: London Grammar cover INXS hit for Game of Thrones Band cover 'Devil  ...
e Chris Colfer NOT Leaving Glee – Twitter Hacked or Desperate Publicity Stunt?
m Maintaining mobility in older adults can be as easy as a walk in the park
e Watch! 100-Pound Female Athlete Wows on American Ninja Warrior Course
t New US report says climate change is already driving weather events
t Samsung to Launch Android Wear Device, Tizen Phone This Year
b 30-Year Mortgage Rates Fall To Six-Month Low
e Selena Gomez Says "I Will Always Love You" — To Justin Bieber? (VIDEO)
m Antibiotic resistance imposes serious threats to public health
b Canadian Dollar Advances Amid Rising Oil Prices
t Apple to bring IBM big data and analytics capabilities to iPhone and iPad
t Facebook Strengthens Privacy Settings for New and Existing Members
e Martin Freeman Says A Sherlock Christmas Special Is In The Works
m Anxiety from a false-positive mammogram is real but temporary, study says
t Should Google know your deepest darkest secrets?
t Click It Or Ticket Campaign begins today
e Did kids get it right? Kids' Choice Awards winners revealed
e VIDEO: Louis and Zayn from One Direction caught smoking weed
b Fed slashes 2014 US growth forecast
t BEAK DRONE: 1080p HD Wi-Fi quad-copter by Parrot takes to skies
m Congressional report presses for regulation of e-cigarettes
e Kim Kardashian Heads To Europe With Baby North (And More Suitcases Than  ...
e Prince, music label in accord
e Lana Del Rey feuds with newspaper
e Nicki Minaj Performs 'Chiraq' and 'Pills N Potions' at 2014 BET Awards [VIDEO]
t 3 board members out at Mozilla as controversy about incoming CEO continues
e Renowned Surrealist H. R. Giger Dies Aged 74
b Ukraine's Poroshenko vows to crush unrest in east
b U.S. Fixed Mortgage Rates Down in Week
e Paul Mazursky dead; Oscar-nominated writer-director was 84
b An Update to The Hamilton Project's Jobs Gap Analysis
b Objects discovered in new search area for missing Malaysia plane
e Man's online potato-salad effort takes off
e Kim Kardashian keeps fans guessing about wedding venue
e New movie, "Noah" is dreadfully disappointing
t Operation Dry Water Hits Iowa Lakes, Rivers
e The Rolling Stones In Israel
t Got an eBay Account? Time to Change your Password!
b Google stock sinks as mobile struggles continue
e Lindsay Lohan's Supposed List of 36 Celebrity Lovers
e Fox picks up Batman prequel Gotham
t AT&T/DirecTV may change how you watch TV
e Michael Strahan Officially Joins 'Good Morning America'
m Vampire therapy: young blood may reverse ageing
e American Idol: Did the Judges Use Their Save?
e Seth MacFarlane Pledges $1 Million to 'Reading Rainbow'
t Barack Obama plays soccer with cute, slightly creepy humanoid robot
b Aspen wedding gets no love from Pitkin County, residents
e Worldwide box office: Amazing Spider-Man 2 still hanging on the top
e Seth Rogen, Judd Apatow slam movie critic linking their comedies to Santa  ...
e True Detective season 2 will have three lead roles, be set in California
t Project Hera bridges Android, Chrome and Search
e 'The Big Bang Theory' Negotiations Update: Production Start Date Pushed To  ...
m Start swimming at noon; by 7 pm you'll have burned off Cheesecake Factory's  ...
e Sofia Vergara and Nick Loeb split up again
e 50 years of "It's a Small World"
t Qualcomm buys startup Wilocity, bulks up on speedier Wi-Fi tech
e WATCH: 'MALEFICENT' Spreads Dragon Wings in Newest Trailer
e Peaches Geldof dead at 25: Remembering her 'wild, funny, clever and witty' side
b Unemployment rate steady; state adds 6700 jobs
b Toyota's departure for Texas a major blow to regional economy
b Russia-China gas deal signals growing ties between former foes
e DreamWorksTV Goes Live on YouTube
e Lana Del Rey's 'Ultraviolence' Is Heading Straight To Number One On The  ...
b Former BP Employee Settles Insider-Trading Charges
t Samsung's long-awaited Galaxy S5 now on sale in 125 countries
t Rogue Apps Could Exploit Android Vulnerability to Brick Devices, Researchers  ...
b Missing jet: Aircraft sent to location of objects
b Barclays to cut an extra 7000 jobs
b Russia ready to provide humanitarian aid to Eastern Ukraine — Foreign Ministry  ...
t Select Honda Pre-Owned Vehicles Recognized as Safer Choices for Teen  ...
b BAT First-Half Earnings Drop as Stronger Pound Reduces Sales
t Facebook is going to force you to download its Messenger app
t Chrysler issues huge minivan recall
e This New Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Trailer MAY Just Change Your Mind  ...
b Tesla: The Gigafactory Is Not A Gigafarce
t Tribune's Newsbeat App Lets Robots Read You the News While You Drive
t Destiny Will Have To Sell Over 15 Million Just To Break Even
e Anita Baker Has a Warrant on Her Head Thanks to an Unpaid Bill
b Two simple maps show us how Comcast is about to take over the country
e Kiefer Sutherland Has Classy Response to Freddie Prinze Jr.'s 'Unprofessional  ...
e 'Mad Men' Ratings Sink Lower Than Don Draper On A 3-Day Bender, Worst  ...
t Is Google missing a trick when it comes to smartwatches and Android Wear?
b Obama intervenes in SEPTA rail strike
e Nobel Prize-winning novelist Gabriel Garcia Marquez dead at 87
e Who Went Home on American Idol 2014 Top 4? — May 8, 2014
b US consumer prices rise 0.4 percent in May
b Exchange Rates Today: Pound Sterling Slips, Euro Forecasted to Weaken Again  ...
t Facebook, Google, Microsoft Join Forces to Prevent Another Heartbleed
t NASA launches rocket to space station
b Asiana Says Boeing 777s Need Cockpit Warnings for Speed
m Cincinnati Children's to live-tweet surgery for first time
e 'The Bachelorette' season 10 episode 4 recap: Trinity coach scores points with  ...
b Fed chief sees low risk of inflation over 2%
e Banksy thought to be behind Cheltenham artwork
b Microsoft 3Q earnings beat Street expectations
m Flu Vaccine Cuts Risk of Severe Illness by 74 Percent
e 'The Voice' Season 6 Goes Live... With One Dead Microphone
t Amazon introduces device to ease weekly shopping
e Rolling Stones show gives Israelis satisfaction
m Gilead Sciences Rating Lowered to Neutral at Zacks (GILD)
e Wait, What Does Nicki Minaj Mean She Thought She Was 'About To Die'?
b US 'Flash Boys' Style Lawsuit Slashes £2.5bn Off Barclays' Stock Value
t 'Deep Decarbonization Pathways Project' Outlines Cooperation, Ingenuity  ...
e Jennifer Lopez Will Release Her First Book in English & Spanish
m California Baby Born to Mother in Coma
b GBP/USD falls further below 1.7000
t Samsung Gear Fit is a stylish hybrid of smart watch and activity tracker
b Dutch police arrest Greenpeace activists blocking Gazprom oil rig
b Tax Day 2014 deals, coupons and freebies for Sonic, Boston Market  ...
b HP Appoints Meg Whitman Chairman, Makes Other Board Changes
b Will the Fed give any more surprises?
e 'The Voice': 5 Soundbites From The Top 10
e Miley Cyrus hospitalized, cancels another concert
e Elton John tells Matt Lauer he'll 'quietly' marry longtime partner in 'joyous  ...
t Expanding recalls raise questions about safety of ignition switches across US  ...
t The Man Inside the Machine: Tokyo Museum Unveils Human-Like Robot Guides
t Here's How to Get Google Glass
b Ford to replace CEO Mulally in 2014
t Apple Adds to iMac Line With New Entry-Level Model
b UK shakes up Bank of England with two new deputy governors
e Mariah Carey bars Nick Cannon from discussing their divorce
b Business update: Amazon regularly offers employees $5000 to quit
b UK retail sales grow for 12th straight month
b American teens can't read a pay slip
t Astronomers spot most Earth-like planet to date
e Katy Perry Sued: Lawsuit Accuses Singer Of Copyright Infringement
t Oink vanity plate has sides squealing in Indiana
e Veteran Jazzman With Man-Child Voice Dies At 88
m In Case You Needed More Good News About Coffee, New Research Shows It  ...
b California Home to Most Well Liked CEOs
t Smartphone giants Apple, Samsung head for court again amid patent  ...
t TweetDeck Service Restored Following Serious Hack Attack
t Sony warns of battery fires in Vaio laptops
t Google's Project Zero Looks to Make the Whole Internet Safer, Not Just Their  ...
e Miley slams critics from sick bed
t AAA: Gas prices fall to lowest level in four months
e J-Law opens up about relationship with beau Nicholas Hoult
t AT&T Samsung Galaxy S5 Pricing Revealed, Affordable
e Coachella 2014 Line Up: Shop Festival Fashions Like Vanessa Hudgens, Katy  ...
t Symposium: Aereo copyright decision creates uncertainty for the Cloud
t CNET: Great unlocked Android smartphones
b Facebook to cover your news feed with even more auto-play video ads
t 145m eBay users at risk from breach
m Is seven fruit and veg a day really affordable?
e Garth Brooks' Ireland shows canceled
m Workplace solvent exposure linked to later-life cognitive decline
e A CGI-version of The Magic School Bus is coming to Netflix in 2016
e Tribeca Film Review: 'Time Is Illmatic'
e Justin Bieber claims he was 'detrimental' in own career
t Experts call for calm over internet bug
t PS4 vs Xbox One: Why the Next-Gen "Console War" is Meaningless
b Candy crush maker King Digital valued at more than US$7bil in IPO
e TV Recap: 'Game of Thrones: First of His Name'
b Teva, Pfizer settle patent lawsuit over blockbuster painkiller
m UPDATE 1-Texas Medicaid holds off on proposed limits for Gilead hepatitis drug
e WATCH: Drake impersonates Manny Pacquiao in 'Let it Go' cover
b Anglo jury finish third day of deliberations
b EUR/USD keeps the red near 1.3740
m First chikungunya case confirmed in Texas
b Canadian dollar rises in wake of Tim Hortons deal
e Vin Diesel writes online tribute to Paul Walker
e 'Bates Motel' season 2, episode 7 preview: Freddie Highmore, 'Presumed  ...
e New Kids On The Block Series Coming To TV Guide Network
t BMW expands recall over engine bolts in 489K vehicles
t World's biggest dinosaur discovered in Argentina
b The Tone of Today's FOMC Meeting Matters for Gold and Silver
m Miami Ranks 26th on 2014 'Fit City' Index
e Inside Kim Kardashian's Glamorous Bachelorette Party: From 'Nude Girls  ...
b Asian shares soft as fear of Chinese slowdown resurface
t Amazon: No free media streaming service despite speculation, reports
t New LG G3 teasers focus on the flagship's camera, design and display
e Game of Thrones By the Book: All Choked Up by the Purple Wedding
m India should help other countries to eradicate polio: President
e Veronica Mars Producers Respond to Backers' Downloading Difficulties
e Feds approve powdered alcohol
t Why Facebook has been experimenting on you behind your back
t Titanfall's Resolution Could be Increased through Future Patch
e Marvel unveils female Thor
e Is Bieber's legal troubles, defiant demeanor 'detrimental' to his career?
b 2nd LD Writethru: U.S. adds 288000 new jobs in June, jobless rate falls to 6.1 pct
e 'True Detective' Season 2 details; 'Sharknado Week'; 'The Normal Heart' ratings  ...
e Miley Cyrus, ill and hospitalized, postpones concerts in Tennessee and  ...
b Pfizer gives up $117 bn pursuit of AstraZenaca
e De Niro's one regret about gay dad
b Report: Payday loans can cost borrowers much
b Wheat Falls to 14-Week Low on Global Supply Outlook; Corn Drops
b Slow speed, faulty warning system blamed
b Lavrov counts on realism of EU partners over Ukraine, Crimea
b Apple's new retail chief Angela Ahrendts gets $68 million in restricted stock
e Zac, Michelle spotted kissing on a boat ride
t Researchers: Second NSA Security Tool in RSA BSafe
e Lindsay Lohan Made a List of the 36 People She's Banged
b Twitter Chief Operating Officer Resigns Amid Lackluster Growth
e Festival Scope founders Mathilde Henrot and Alessandro Raja tell Wendy  ...
t FCC Extending Net Neutrality Commenting Time After Site Buckles
t Google wants to collect and aggregate your health data with Google Fit
e Fantastic indeed! Harry Potter spin-off to be split into THREE "mega-movies"
e Mick Jagger - Mick Jagger spent 'millions' helping L'Wren
m Ghana: Quarantined American dies of Ebola
e Mariah Carey Divorce: Nick Cannon's Dad Calls Mariah A 'Liar'?
b Canada woes, breach seen as cause for Target CEO's exit
e 'Amazing Spider-Man 2': Is There a Better Director's Cut of the Film?
e 'Dancing with the Stars' 2014: The 'Switch Up' edition
t On net neutrality, the FCC's chairman increasingly stands alone
b Planes and ships involved in Malaysia jet search
t PR Newswire
e AP Drama WriterJune 26, 2014 Updated 51 minutes ago
e Amanda Bynes shows off healthy figure in bikini photos
b Supreme Court to Hear Pharmaceutical Dispute
e Taylor Swift Angry At Selena Gomez For Dating Justin Bieber Again, Ditching  ...
e Emmys: The biggest snubs and surprises
t President Obama creating task force to save bee population...
b Barclays to cut 7000 investment-bank jobs in revamp
t LG Electronics Q1 profit surge 319%
t Google Glass is on sale today, but you can't buy it
b Ikea increases hourly pay by 17 percent, the most in 10 years
b Glencore Xstrata sells Las Bambas copper mine for $5.85 billion
b Economic inequality threatens a country's well-being
e Are Kim Kardashian And Kanye West Getting Married This Week?
b Gold hits 6-week low, breaking through chart levels
t T-Mobile Lures New Consumers With 'Test Drive' Offer; Gives 7 Days Trial On  ...
b Fidelity ETFs Quick to $1 Billion in Assets
e Weekend Box Office: Godzilla Crushes All Foes
t This is Why the FCC's New Net Neutrality Rules Could Disempower  ...
e Angelina Jolie Talks Maleficent, Daughter Vivienne's Big Screen Debut
e Rapper Jay-Z`s leaked `family video` goes viral!
t Blizzard shuts down Diablo III Auction House
m DR Congo confirms first two cases of Ebola
e 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2' collection: Rs.41.7 crore in just four days in India
m 3200-year-old skeleton found with cancer
e Chinese antique expected to fetch $38m
b US DOT outlines steps for managing Highway Trust Fund shortfall
b Amazon's Profit Weakness Highlighted by Alibaba Filing
b South Africa Metalworkers Begin Strike, Inciting Economic Fears
t Xbox One sales double in June on back of price cut
e Watch: Lady Gaga's music video for 'GUY'
b Spain to cut 2014 net debt issuance on higher tax revenue
e Beyoncé: From Destiny's Child to Queen Bey
e Winning Streak for Top Female 'Jeopardy' Player Julia Collins Ends After 21  ...
b ECB member Nowotny prefers strengthening of ABS market
b DirecTV Seen Sharing NFL Sunday Ticket With Google
b Emirates finalises $56 billion order for 150 Boeing 777X planes
e Watch: Walter White helps a dude get a date for prom
b APNewsBreak: Prairie chicken listed as threatened - Live5News.com  ...  - WCSC
b Target asks shoppers to leave guns outside
t Apple (AAPL) iPhone 5 Shows Strong Metrics vs. Samsung's Galaxy S5  ...
m Saudi Arabia reports 1 more death from MERS virus
t Everything you should know about the FCC's new net neutrality proposal
b WWE Money in the Bank 2014: Last-minute predictions for the show
t Sharp Rise in Gas Prices, Some Areas at $4
b American Eagle sees fall in revenue, profit
e This Creepy Picture Of Willow Smith With A 20-Year-Old Actor Will Seriously  ...
t Former Microsoft employee busted for leaking Windows 8 secrets to French  ...
m E. coli cases prompt massive ground beef recall in Missouri
b US charges five Chinese officials over state-sponsored snooping on US firms
b Dow and S&P 500 bosted
e Kris Jenner pole dances for Kim in new Keeping Up With the Kardashians
t Two quakes shake Icelandic volcano's area, govt restricts airspace
b Overnight Markets: US stocks gain on Yellen's statement
m Preventable hospital stays drop 20% over eight years, report finds
t Bug may reveal private Internet information
b After complying with EU legislation South Stream project to continue: Bulgaria PM
m HIV testing held
e Josh Elliott Leaves “GMA,” Jumps to NBC as Possible Matt Lauer Replacement
e Justin Bieber, Carly Rae Jepsen and Ed Sheeran attend Scooter Braun's  ...
t Can Cisco Help SPs Offer Cloud-based Apps?
t Is Microsoft about to unveil the Surface Mini…?
b California Gears Up To Vote On Water Wasting Law Tuesday
b Breakfast @ Tuoitrenews – May 10
t Mercedes-Benz Sales at All-Time High
t Podesta: Congress Can't Stop Obama On Global Warming
e Amazon Prime Instant Video nabs ENTIRE HBO back-catalogue
e Vincent Kartheiser: 'Mad Men spinoff for Pete Campbell won't happen'
b UPDATE 6-US allows condensate oil exports, after light refining
b Shares flat on wary growth outlook, but S&P 500 at new high
b European Central Bank chief says targeted asset purchases, loans to banks are  ...
e 'Dancing with the Stars': Shirts off, stars injured on Latin night
e Neve Campbell on Her Surprise Mad Men Role
m Photos: Strangers on Reddit helped this heart-broken father when he requested  ...
b Ford Profit Misses on Growing Recalls as Product Costs Rise (2)
m Breastfeeding may ward off heart disease
e X-Men: Days Of Future Past Ending As Spoiled By Hugh Jackman
t Google removes BBC, Mail Online, Guardian articles
m Researchers: watching three hours of TV a day doubles your risk of dying young
t Decoding the recent Apple-Samsung patent dispute
b China Admits That One-Fifth Of Its Farmland Is Contaminated
t Asteroids Cause 26 'Nuclear' Blasts Since 2000
e Record Store Day 2014 field guide
e Review: 'Million Ways to Die in the West' is a wild, wild flop
b Walmart to Sell Used Video Games
b Why GoPro's Success Isn't Really About the Cameras
e Robin Thicke Finally Responds & His Post-Trolling Twitter Q&A! Does He  ...
b URGENT-Glencore Xstrata sells Las Bambas copper mine for $5.85 bln
e Solange Knowles and Jay Z at peace over elevator scuffle
e British Kim Kardashian Blew $30000 on Surgery to Become a Kim Klone
m No benefit from antioxidant in wine and chocolate
t Stanton Leads Mayors To Unanimously Pass Climate Change Ideas
b D.C. Named Most Walkable Metro Area
b BlackBerry Severs Partnership With T-Mobile After iPhone Feud
b FINANCE > ECB looks at options after recent rate cut
t Slings And Aereos Of Outrageous Fortune: Supreme Court Rules That Aereo  ...
e Tris Prior - We Mean Shailene Woodley - Glams Up for 'Divergent' Premiere
e Julia Louis-Dreyfus on nude cover mistake: "It's a birthmark"
e Saturday Night Live Star Says He's Been Fired
t Use Google Glass App to Book Starwood Hotel Rooms
t MtGox bitcoin database leaked online as hackers crowdsource clues
b China's yuan weakens
e Family agrees that Mickey Rooney's final resting place to be among Hollywood's  ...
m Blood pressure therapy a failure: study
e Josh Elliott Out, Amy Robach in on Good Morning America After Shakeup
b White House pushes climate change solutions this week
t Event Alert: Watch Space Station Hatch Opening Live Tonight
e Rolf Harris' autobiography now reads like a coded apology to his family
m Ebola, Snakes and Witchcraft - Stopping the Deadly Disease in Its Tracks in  ...
e The Kardashian clan party in NYC
b Toyota to build a new North American headquarters in Texas
e Turkish film 'Winter Sleep' wins Palme d'Or
e Chris Martin Hopes to Reconcile with Gwyneth Paltrow After Split
b Democratic budget exposes the new Obamacare lie
e Imbecile Spent $30000 to Look Like Kim Kardashian: Video
t theEweekly Wrap: Google sends removal messages to publishers, UK watchdog  ...
b U.S. Regulators Examining Departures at Mortgage Registry
t US climate report says global warming impact already severe
t Contra Costa Times editorial: FCC chair's top priority should be preserving net  ...
e The Bachelor Dedicates A Video Montage To Nikki Ferrell
t Samsung Galaxy S4 Value edition gets official in Netherlands
t Europe eyes five sites for comet landing
b Healthcare enrollment deadline looms
e 'Scandal' actor Columbus Short arrested
b Four Unanswered Questions From The GM Recall Crisis
t Apple-Samsung case threatens to impede innovation
b Groysman: Ukraine shuts off Crimea's water tap
b How the Dow Jones industrial average did Wednesday
m VIDEO: Man With Down Syndrome Accepted To College
e MTV Movie Awards: Efron, Tatum, Wahlberg among memorable moments
m Man Gets 3D-Printed Skull
b Lawyer hired by NC in probe represented Duke
b Analysts had expected the company to report a loss, excluding items, of 3 cents  ...
b US Economy Sprinting To The 2014 Finish Line While Fed Tries To Catch Up
b US named watchdog for BNP
b Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg's base salary falls to $1
b Siemens CEO shuns risks in Alstom poker
t Wireless Starbucks Charging Stations Rolling Out To All US Stores
t 'Samsung Ativ SE' Windows 8 phone available for sale on Verizon
t Return of Master Chief: Microsoft launching 'Halo' TV series, 'Halo 5' game in 2015
e BET Awards: Beyonce, Pharrell, Davido, Nicki Minaj Win Big
e Chavez biopic shown to 1000 Calif. farm workers
e Star Wars: Adam Driver's casting won't keep him from Girls season 4
b Home Depot, Inc. (HD) Posts Q1 EPS of $1.00; Boosts FY14 EPS Outlook
b Iraq violence threatens OPEC's precarious balance
e Shia LaBeouf being treated for alcoholism
e Who Does Andi Dorfman Pick: Reality Steve Bachelorette 2014 Spoilers!
e Lorde Handpicking Entire 'Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1' Soundtrack
b Toll Brothers (TOL) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By  ...
e John Milhiser, Noël Wells axed from 'SNL'
m Top AIDS researcher believed lost when airliner shot down
t Photos of the Day: Robotic Fish Moves Like the Real Thing
e Arrest Warrant Issued for Anita Baker Over Unpaid Decorators
t The phonecamera is back with Samsung's new Galaxy K Zoom
b IMF agrees to $14-18 bil. aid package for Ukraine
m Agent: Pistorius planned travel with girlfriend - WSVN-TV - 7NEWS Miami Ft  ...
b 96000 Pounds of Oscar Mayer Wieners Recalled Due to Cheesy Mistake
m More than 2000 Get Hep-A Vaccine
e Thanks Amal Alamuddin, you've crushed my George Clooney fantasy
e The day Michael Jackson died: A reporter's memories
e 7 hours ago • By MESFIN FEKADU
m Review raises questions about Tamiflu
t Nike reportedly retiring FuelBand, training eyes on fitness software
b Full text of the FOMC statement
b European stocks mixed after Greek bond issue, US jobs data
b American Apparel shares soar on CEO ouster
t New GM Recalls Due to Transmission Problems
m Cibolo girl has weight loss surgery
b Wal-Mart Enters The Money Transfer Business, Challenging Traditional Services  ...
b Investigators eye aircraft controls in accident
b Gold inches up after 3.3% weekly pop
b Lindt buys chocolate company to expand in US
e Game of Thrones Season 4, Episode 7 Spoilers: The “Aftermath” of the Trial
b India & US are indispensable partners: John Kerry
t Rumor: YouTube Acquires Twitch In $1 Billion Deal
t Climate change as a matter of public health
b We Don't Want Pfizer To Guarantee Jobs And Investment If It Buys AstraZeneca
b Yellen Job One Is Redoing Rate Guidance Without Roiling Markets
e Amazon, HBO sign Prime Instant Video deal
e See Barry Allen's Full Flash Costume For The Arrow Spinoff
e Eminem & Rihanna Among MTV Movie Awards 2014 Performers
b Company Update: Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) – How Will Yahoo! (YHOO  ...
b Pure Storage raises $225 mln, CEO says IPO not imminent -Re/code
e 'The Bachelorette' 2014 Spoilers: Will Andi Dorfman Give Final Rose to Josh  ...
b Pilot mismanagement to blame for Asiana crash
b Dollar stable in Asia after surging on ECB talks
t Graco agrees to largest car seat recall in history
b Morgan Stanley (MS) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Thursday
e Oldman's Playboy interview stirs controversy
b WRAPUP 3-US retail sales miss expectations, jobless claims rise
t GM sales up in May despite string of vehicle recalls
b Oil prices rise to 9-month high amid Iraq violence
t Google's Android boss announces SDK specifically geared toward wearables
b A twist could help singles' Social Security benefits
t State of Montana sends out 1.3 million data breach notifications
b Ride-sharing drama in Pittsburgh is closely watched here
e Awkward? Kim Kardashian 'Runs Into Beyonce At Dematology Clinic' After  ...
e Mila Kunis Gets Candid About Fiancée Ashton Kutcher, and Who is Allowed in  ...
b European shares close higher after 'robust' PMIs and US data
t Lunar eclipse coming
t Samsung Gear Live up for Pre-Order in India, LG G Watch Now In-Stock
b Tariffs on Aussie frozen beef to be halved to 19.5%
t Goblin shark fisherman also hauled in 'freakin' giant isopods!'
b Dozens of bodies scattered around Malaysian plane crash site in Ukraine  ...
t Apple offers free battery replacement for select iPhone 5 units
e I won`t go nude for films: Jessica Alba
m Coffee Club: School Lunch Overhaul
b New analysis shows Obamacare exchange plans restricting access to life-saving  ...
e Sci-fi reboot is thrilling–but exhausting
e Spider-Man sequel chases 'wow' factor with little success
t Parrot Bebop Drone Lets You Experience Flight With Oculus Rift
b US economy collapses in first quarter, but growing again
e Peaches Geldof, 25, daughter of Band Aid founder Bob Geldof, dies
e Robin Williams resumes 12-step treatment
e 10 things I learned while watching 'Sharknado 2: The Second One' (spoiler alert)
m Run to Live Longer
b Workers, Families Mark 1st Anniversary of Rana Plaza Factory Collapse
e Justin Bieber compares fender bender to Princess Diana crash
t AOL Outspends Google on Net Neutrality Issues
b Target profits fall as breach takes toll
e Laurie David is 'Fed Up' with the American diet: Producer talks about new  ...
t New report on curbing carbon emissions
b Yahoo sales sag with mixed results in ads
e Beyonce's sister wildly kicks Jay Z in lift
e Chelsea Handler strips NAKED for fight with Ellen DeGeneres during chat show  ...
t Talking Tech: Android developers pick their top apps
e Justin Bieber And Selena Gomez Reenact 'Dirty Dancing' In Sexy Instagram  ...
b It's Ryanair's business class: but not as we know it
t AT&T: Here's Why We Should Get to Buy DirecTV
m Guns and pot may mix in Illinois
e Johansson hints at "complex" Avengers sequel
e So Long Philadelphia? Jay Z Bringing Made In America Festival To Los Angeles
e Kim Kardashian: Why She Could Upset 'Vogue' On Her Wedding Day
e Olivia Palermo's Wedding Pictures Revealed!
b Capitalists Take on Climate Change
e Moonlight Special! Lady Gaga Flashes Her Ass During Roseland Ballroom  ...
b Roche to Absorb Seragon Pharmaceuticals
t No name yet but meet Element 117, the super-heavy new item on the Periodic  ...
e 300: Rise of an Empire knocked "Mr. Peabody & Sherman" way back at the box  ...
t Amazon unveils first smartphone
b Stock Market Today: Stocks Mixed as Fed Cuts Bond Buying to $25 Billion
t Cherry trees grown from space returned seeds sprout amazing early flowers in  ...
e Katherine Heigl: My Career Betrayed Me
m E-cigarette poisoning a growing risk
t Spaceship with 3-man crew docks at space station - KWWL - Eastern Iowa  ...
e Rolf Harris Internet History Revealed: Paedophile Star 'Searched for 'Youngest  ...
b BHP Billiton Eyes Portfolio Simplification To Focus On Fewer Commodities
t EU official slams Google for following the EU court's own 'right to be forgotten  ...
e New music by Michael Jackson to be released in May
t NASA Sends First Instagram from ISS
e Phil Collins Donates Alamo Collection
e Lindsay Lohan praises Oprah Winfrey
t Pandora to increase price of ad-free service for new subscribers from May
b Confirmed: Facebook is building an ad network
b Swiss Franc (CHF) Exchange Rate Strength May Damage Exports in Slow  ...
e Weird Al Is Back With 'Tacky'
t Samsung to reveal Galaxy Alpha smartphone to compete with iPhone 6
t LG G Watch, Samsung Gear Live specs and availability
m Switch to e-cigarttes to kick the butt, says study
b GLOBAL MARKETS-World shares hover near record high
b Microsoft's Nadella Posts Cloud Gains in Third Quarter
b Pfizer (PFE) drops takeover plans for AstraZeneca (AZN)
m Marriage Linked To Lower Heart Risks In Study Of 3.5+ Million Adults
e Efron: Rogen made me strip off
b American Eagle Outfitters Inc. (AEO) Issues Q1 Earnings Guidance
e Nick Lachey and wife Vanessa Minnillo expecting second baby
e McCartney axes two more Japanese shows
b Bacon prices rise after virus kills young pigs
b US auto sales hit 9-year high
t Windows XP users won't get fix for IE bug
e Kristen Bell Rocks A Crop Top For 'Veronica Mars' SXSW Premiere
t Gas prices down slightly over 2-week span
t Mobile security fix needed for Heartbleed on BBM Android and iOS
e Spelling mix up lands airline in the middle of a lawsuit
t Akron weekly gas update for June 23
t LIVE: Watch May Camelopardalids Meteor Shower
t Apple, IBM tie up to tap global enterprise mobility market
t Networks score big win in Aereo case
b Draghi Awaits Key Inflation Data as Radical Action Eyed: Economy
e Harrison Ford hurt on set of 'Star Wars VI'
t Russia launches Soyuz TMA-13M to space station Non-political May 29, 0:15
e Recap: 'Game of Thrones' finale shocks, angers fans
t Did Facebook News Feed Experiment Break Law?
m E. coli outbreak linked to sprouts; hummus, dips, walnuts recall - 12 News KBMT  ...
e Yahoo Orders Two Comedy Series from Paul Feig, Mike Tollin
t End of XP supports poses risk to security
m Local students and organizations take aim at big tobacco
e Miley Cyrus cancels Charlotte concert 30 minutes before show
e Selena Gomez wants to date an older man
b Inversion – ain't nothing but a tax dodge, baby
e Child of God
b US Economy Shrinks More Than Expected in First Quarter, But Appears to Be  ...
e 'American Idol' Winner Scotty McCreery Held Up by 3 Gunmen at Home Robbery
b Energizer, Pepco surge; Twitter, eBay fall on earnings
e Robert Downey Jr's Son Indio Arrested — His Dad Releases Statement on  ...
b Carlyle hires JPMorgan's Cavanagh as co-president
e More castoffs! Noël Wells and John Milhiser join Brooks Wheelan on Saturday  ...
m Daily baby aspirin may prevent preeclampsia
b Ford to name Fields as CEO soon, replacing Mulally
e George Clooney gave fiancee an 'ethical' diamond ring
e It's Official! Taylor Swift Has the Coolest Celebrity Friends (PHOTOS)
t [Update] PlayStation Network: All-Clear In North America And Europe
e Dueling Dukes: John Wayne family sues university over alcohol trademark
t News Byte: Facebook's Been Busy
e Stephen Colbert visits David Letterman show
e Mara Wilson slams 'Mrs. Doubfire' sequel
b Flipkart, Myntra merger in final stages
b UPDATE 2-Allergan rejects Valeant Pharma's 'cut and slash' takeover
b Alibaba finance arm better out than in for IPO
b Geithner by Geithner
e AC/DC to split over sick band member, according to rumours
b Whiting to Buy Kodiak Oil for $3.8 Billion, Create Top Bakken Producer
t States urged to cooperate towards stronger Environmental Law.
e Rihanna honored at CFDA Fashion Awards, bares it all in ultra-sheer gown
e Ray Chew debuts on 'Dancing With the Stars'; brings great music to ballroom
t Google takes consumers' wrists to next frontier with Android..
e Robin Thicke Names His Next Album "Paula"
e Ryan Gosling Might Star in Busby Berkeley Biopic
b Best Buy has an edge over Amazon as stores serve as shipping hubs
t First of 3 summer supermoons
t NASA scientists say they're closer than ever to finding life beyond Earth
t Facebook Privacy Checkup: Social Network to Offer Tips to 1.28B Users
b Dollar remains strong after Yellen's testimony
t Microsoft extends Windows 8.1 update deadline by a month
b AbbVie Clinches $54 Billion Deal for Shire in Huge Inversion to Cut Taxes
t Review of Samsung Galaxy Grand 2
e “Stephen Colbert” is dead, long live Stephen Colbert!
e Ice bucket challenge on fire
e Rob Kardashian Hasn't Spoken To A Single Family Member Since That Wedding  ...
b Consumer Confidence Falters in April
t PlayStation Network Crashes, Hackers Make Bomb Threat Against Plane  ...
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S -- hands-on and first impressions of the Super AMOLED  ...
t What's behind the radio silence on Sprint's T-Mobile takeover
t Lookout app to protect against phone thieves
t Neil deGrasse Tyson Hosts 'Cosmos' Series Comeback
b Dollar rises in Asia on upbeat sentiment
m Overfortification of cereals may do more harm than good
b UPDATE 1-Zynga names former Best Buy executive chief financial officer
t GM recalls challenge company, frustrate consumers
t LG Electronics says higher TV marketing could blunt second quarter earnings
t [New Game] Zynga's FarmVille 2: Country Escape Leaves Limited Geo Beta  ...
t Threats to climate, health care and democracy can't top back-stabbing and an F  ...
m Novel Technique for Cloning Adult Stem Cells Devised
b Gazprom: China, Russia sign 30-year gas deal
t FTC accuses T-Mobile in billing scam
e Mayor: NYC "vigilant" against any terror threat
b OECD Raises Canada Growth Forecasts But Calls on BOC to Stay on Hold
t Samsung Attacks: Case Against Apple Begins
e Bob Hastings, 'McHale's Navy' Star, Dead at 89
t Microsoft to Implement Stricter Policies for Hotmail Accounts
t Samsung VR headset coming to tackle Facebook's Oculus Rift and Sony's  ...
b Japan drugmaker Takeda says will fight USD 6.0 bn US damages order
m What you need to know: Middle East Respiratory Syndrome
e What Easter means to me
t Newly found Earth-like planet Kepler-186f may have liquid water
b VIDEO: FTC Says Data Brokers Need More Transparency
b Bill Ackman and Valeant offer $46bn for botox maker Allergan
m Diet soda helps weight loss, soda industry-funded study finds
e Chipotle Taps Malcolm Gladwell, Jonathan Safran Foer for Essays on Packaging
t Google's YouTube division to buy Twitch.Tv for $1 billion
b Online shopping as easy as a tweet
b Why UK scientists are wary of Pfizer's promises on research
e A Roundup of All the Kardashian Drama This Week: June 28, 2014
e Carrie Underwood & Miranda Lambert Showcase Their Sexy Figures At The  ...
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Confirmed
e Barbara Walters' final "View" appearance on May 16; tributes will surround
b Johnson-Crapo delay is not a big, huge housing reform setback
m Blood test may be able to predict Alzheimer's
t Android rules the smartphone market in US
e Fans react to Miley Cyrus concert cancellation
e Human Barbie Valeria Lukyanova Shares Sexy Workout Video
t Nokia X2 is Microsoft's first Android phone
e 20 Strangers First Kiss: Who Are They and Who Dated After Amazing and Instant  ...
e Zayn Malik & Louis Tomlinson Smoking Marijuana in Leaked Video [Watch Here]
t Apple expands renewable energy to retail stores, 120 US outlets get green power
b Two more confirmed to Fed Reserve, Fischer vice chair
e Marc Webb Wants Kraven The Hunter As Next Villain, The Amazing Spider-Man  ...
t Twitter buys data analytics partner Gnip
b Technology hindered, helped search for Malaysia Flight 370
t Heart bleed Test: Check your favorite sites for safety now for OpenSSL security  ...
e JK Rowling unveils a new Harry Potter tale
m Ebola outbreak death toll in West Africa over 140
e Kanye West and Kim Kardashian deny they 'refused charity donation to settle  ...
e Beyonce Makes the Cover of TIME Magazine's Most Influential People — in Her  ...
b Colorado marijuana taxes brought in $2 million in January
e “Very Good Girls” Trailer Featuring Elizabeth Olsen And Dakota Fanning  ...
b Dollar near 3-1/2 month lows vs. yen, euro slips
m Study to track ticks moving into Adirondacks
t Vast ocean trapped under core of Earth, scientists say
t Call For Snowden 'Immunity' Rises Ahead Of Unique Appearance In US
b EUR/GBP Fundamental Analysis July 2, 2014 Forecast
e Weekend Box Office: Godzilla Leaves Monster Number One Foot Print
b Red Lobster brand sold
b 'Miracle' no deaths in Chicago airport train crash
b WASHINGTON (AP) — It's the silent enemy in our retirement accounts: High fees.
e Additional Holy Week Services listed
e Jennette McCurdy Does Not Attend The KCAs, But Why?
t You can now order the unlocked and developer edition HTC One M8; lists  ...
e Kim Kardashian Continues Pre-Wedding Celebrations with Lana Del Rey  ...
m Lawmakers Want To Know Why Hepatitis C Drug By Gilead Costs $84000
b Bulgaria says banking system under attack
b Ambassador factory shuts down
e Blogging The Voice: Battles 2: Night Two Coaches' Picks More on Pitch
e Death of Dog affects health of Miley Cyrus
m New Medical Device Brings Hope For Migraine Relief
e On The Fly: Before American Top 40, Casey Kasem Covered High School Sports
t Google begins to erase the past
m Lake closed after more than 80 swimmers get sick
m A.G. Schneiderman Reaches Settlement with Phusion Projects Regarding Four  ...
m Dementia - Including Alzheimer's - 'Could Be Detected Three Years In Advance  ...
m Fight Against Ebola, War To Save Humanity – Amaechi
b Watch Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella's Office for iPad announcement
b Tech, financials lead market lower; S&P negative for year
m Stanford, UCSF Researchers Use 'Vampire Mice' To Show Newer Blood Can  ...
b How the Dow Jones industrial average fared Tuesday
e Kimye's Vogue Issue On Track to Outsell Beyonce and FLOTUS Covers?
t HTC One M8 vs Samsung Galaxy S5: Which is better?
m Ancient skeleton offers cancer hope
e Ellen DeGeneres is working on her own lifestyle label
b Utah's Duchesne County among fastest-growing counties as energy boom spurs  ...
e Judge Expands Casey Kasem's Daughter's Power As Conservator
e Pharrell joins The Voice
t Should You Stop Using Firefox Because Their CEO Might Be An Intolerant  ...
t Apple and Samsung head back to court, but outcome could be different
b MH370 LIVE: French satellites spot possible missing Malaysian plane debris
e Dolly Parton Steals The Show At Glastonbury Despite Lip Syncing Accusations
m Pain killer prescription practices vary widely among US states- study
m Endocyte, Inc. Shares Up Almost 100 Percent
t Google Says Wearable Developer Tools for Android Coming Soon
m Diet Sodas Better For Weight Loss Than Water, Concludes Study Paid For By  ...
t First impressions: Samsung Galaxy S5
t 3rd Circ. Nixes Hacker's Conviction For AT&T Data Breach
t EPIC files complaint with FTC against Facebook's experiment on mood  ...
t Ralph Lauren kits out US Open ball boys with tech-infused polo shirts
b Starbucks to allow tipping by app
b Court upholds cap on 'swipe' fees
e “22 Jump Street” is exactly like the first film, but in college
t Apple Unveils iOS 8
m Ebola risk: Outbreak set to get worse, official warns
b Fitch Affirms Nigeria's Robust Sovereign Rating
m Dreaming like being on a drug trip: Study
e Gwyneth Paltrow Is Now Part Of The Sexy, Single And Over 40 Club: Check Out  ...
m Teens unite at Kick Butts Day to fight tobacco companies
e Prince Jackson: Michael was the best father
e Mickey Rooney dies aged 93
m WilCo ranked second-healthiest county in Texas
e Kanye Is Keeping The Wedding Plans A Secret From Kim
t Job Cuts to be Announced by Microsoft (NASDAQ: MSFT) this Week
e Game Of Thrones 4x10 Season Finale Preview & Photos - The Children
b US Container Ship Cape Ray To Receive, And Destroy, Chemical Weapons  ...
b Error forces Bank of America to suspend plans to raise dividend, buy back stock  ...
e Jimmy Fallon and Billy Joel use iPad for Cool 'The Lion Sleeps Tonight' Duet
t Rogers Outs “All New HTC One” Early, Official Specs Confirmed
e Tracy Morgan on the Mend, Upgraded to Fair Condition
e Kanye West And Kim Kardashian Land First 'Vogue' Cover
e George Lucas picks Chicago for art, movie memorabilia museum
e JJ Abrams Tweets First Photo from the Set of STAR WARS: EPISODE VII
e Former Pro Wrestler Ultimate Warrior Died From Cardiovascular Disease
e Opening in Orlando: 'Deliver us From Evil,' 'Earth to Echo' and 'Tammy'
e Rob Kardashian doesn't appreciate fat jokes, Johnathan Cheban attacked
b Euro-Area Economic Confidence Rises to Highest Level Since 2011
t Amazon launches Kindle Unlimited, the 'Netflix for books'
b Draghi spells it out
t $1.2 billion Toyota penalty sends warning to auto industry
b US Economy Advanced Faster at End of 2013
e How I Met Your Mother finale: Despair, outrage, Tweets
t Galaxy S5 Fingerprint Scanner Faces Scrutiny
e The Rolling Stones' CharlieWatts plays impromptu show
t 45 years after moon landing, NASA looks to next giant leap
m Chemo costs driven higher by outpatient shift
b Texas claims a trophy, and 3000 jobs, in winning Toyota
e PHOTOS: Scout Willis goes topless in NYC to #FreeTheNipple
e Mila Kunis, Ashton Kutcher 'expecting first child'
e The Bachelorette Spoilers: Andi Chooses Josh, Newly-Engaged Couple Couldn  ...
t #NoFilter: NASA Rover Takes Space Selfie To Celebrate One Year on Mars
b Insider Traders, Meet Big Brother
b GoPro aims to go pro by filing for $100 million IPO
t Apple Inc.'s Key to iHome Success Starts with the iPhone
t Google set to launch 3D imaging tablet
t Heartbleed Also Affects Mobile Apps and Networking
t Why Put a Pony Car on a Roof? Because Mustang
e New Jersey Herald - In Internet TV case, justices show concern
t Nintendo's Announces Third Annual Operating Loss in a Row, Underwhelming  ...
t Facebook's Ask Button
b IPO season picks up
e You Will Soon Be Able to Watch Miramax Films for Free, Courtesy of AOL
m Flu vaccines decrease a child's chances of ending up in the ICU
m GSK cancer vaccine fails again
t Google acts in line with 'right to be forgotten ruling'
m Do Teething Babies Need Medicine on Their Gums? No
b Grain Stocks, 2014 Planting Intentions Contained Few Surprises
e Jerry Lewis: Women funny when they aren't crude
b RPT-Market Chatter- Corporate finance press digest
b GLOBAL MARKET-Wall Street closing highs buck trend as most equities flat
b Indian authority orders Coke plant closed
e Watch a New X-Men: Days of Future Past Trailer
t Microsoft to reportedly debut Office for iPad this month
e 16 weird and wonderful things Kanye West said at Cannes
t The Dot View Case For The One M8 Is In HTC's Store For $50, Not Available For  ...
t VIDEO: US President Barack Obama kicks ball with soccer-playing robot  ...
b Mt. Gox reveals it found 200000 Bitcoins in "old format wallet"
t The Secret to Catching All the Pokémon on Google Maps
e Nobel Laureates do the Ice Bucket Challenge
m MERS patient improves at Munster hospital; no new cases reported
e Willow Smith's Mom Says There's "Nothing Sexual" Between Singer and Moises  ...
e Mickey Rooney, America's boy next door, dies at age 93
b EUR/USD gains on Yellen comments, mixed U.S. data
b More than 3000 Chinese Nationals Evacuated from Vietnam
e Cannes Film Festival reviews: the five biggest flops of 2014
t Hackers take a slice from Domino's
e Lena Dunham Mocks Her Love Of Nudity On SNL By Starring In Hilarious Naked  ...
e Box-office preview: Could 'Neighbors' crash 'Spider-Man's' party?
t HTC One M8 launch in NYC: Join us Tuesday at 8 am PT (live blog)
t 2700-Year-Old Phoenician Ship Could be Oldest Shipwreck Ever Found
e Dylan's 'Like a Rolling Stone' draft sells for $2M - KTUL.com - Tulsa, Oklahoma  ...
m High Cholesterol Empty Crib?
e More than magical: Gabriel Garcia Marquez brought poetry to many genres
e Seth Rogen angers Kim Jong-un
e Andrew Rannells Is Your New Hedwig
e James Franco and Seth Rogen Spoof Kanye West and Kim Kardashian's Vogue  ...
t Samsung Galaxy S5 – A Revolutionary Change for a Smartphone
e Movie Review: 'Legends of Oz' a dud at the end of the rainbow
t Microsoft XP users can turn to Linux
e Watch Alex Preston Sing “Always On My Mind” in American Idol 2014 Top 6  ...
b Boeing 787 Dreamliners Are Safe And Company Has Addressed Quality Issues  ...
b Update: Bally Technologies Bought By Rival Scientific Games
t To Help Boost Growth, Should Microsoft Sell Nokia to Lenovo?
e Demi Lovato's Sexy Sheer Dress Shows You Can Show Skin Without Resorting  ...
e Presenting freestyles with the four finalists on 'Dancing with the Stars'
b Warren Buffett Comments On Taking Coca-Cola Private
e America Ferrera shocked as man climbs under her dress on red carpet
t Google prepare to launch fitness device
b Zebra Pays $3.45 Billion for Motorola's Mobile-Business Unit (1)
e 'It Was Absolutely Not My Intention': Macklemore Apologises After Causing  ...
e The party continues at Hangout Fest in Gulf Shores
t Roku remote control app FINALLY lands on Windows Phone and Windows 8.1
b Deutsche Bank: profit slumps, but FICC holds up
t Supreme Court Rules against Aereo, Says the Service Violates TV Network  ...
e Colin Firth - Colin Firth Quits Paddington Movie Because Voice Doesn't Fit Bear
b Tax Inversions Are Immoral, Signal Need For Reform
e Cameron Diaz flaunts toned body in pink knickers and rollerskates in new Sex  ...
e Jameson and Irish Pubs: Two Icons of Drink
t Amazon Phone, Last Link in Colossal Enterprise
e Review: HOW TO TRAIN YOUR DRAGON 2, An Impeccably Crafted Fairy Tale
e Robin Thicke Announces New Album “Paula”
t Oculus Connect announced, plus RakNet middleware acquired by VR company
b Georgia News Roundup
e King Joffrey Baratheon Dies? Does His Death Take Place in Purple Wedding in  ...
e German artist brings to life Van Gogh's severed ear with relative's DNA
e Major Labels Sue Megaupload
e Ariana Grande Covers 'Seventeen' Magazine, Shows Off Her Flawless Selfie  ...
b Iraq and the Price of Oil
e Kourtney and Kim Kardashian Share Their Biggest Struggles as Parents
e Kristen Stewart Has Chopped Off Her Long Hair!
t Toyota's ${esc.dollar}1.2 bln settlement may be model for US probe into GM
b Chinese families in Malaysia demand answers over MH370 tragedy
e Pamela Anderson, in speech, tells of past sexual abuse
b San Francisco Issues Cease-An-Desist For Parking App
m First annual colon cancer awareness run/walk this Saturday
e 'Goonies' sequel may finally be underway
b Ruble Weakens Most in Two Weeks as Ukraine Gas Price Talks Fail
e Game Of Thrones Seasons 1-3 Land On Sky Now TV
e 'How I Met Your Mother' Creators Respond to Series Finale Backlash
e Michigan's new stars relish chance to shine in March
t Big Win for Bees, But the Battle's Far From Over
e Exclusive! 'Bachelorette' Andi Dorfman On Her Past Boyfriends
b Weak eurozone growth pushes ECB towards bold stimulus action
e Draft Day Film Receives Mixed Reviews
e Beyonce once confronted 50 Cent over Jay Z feud
e Mick Jagger Gets Girlfriend L'Wren Scott's $9 Million Fortune
m FDA To Regulate Lab-Developed Tests
t GM waited years to recall Saturn Ions for steering problem, according to  ...
t HBO's 'Vice' Takes On Climate Change: 'It's The Single Greatest Problem Facing  ...
e Leonardo DiCaprio Signs Up For Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu's The Renevant
b Red Lobster
b Etihad Airways Celebrates As 217 Trainees Graduate From Career  ...
e Jail softens Chris Brown enough so he calls Karrueche
t Iran denies it summoned Facebook CEO to court (Update)
t Privacy Watchdog Group Files FTC Complaint About Facebok Mood Study
m Processed Red Meat Increases Risk of Heart Failiure
b Hefty Fines for Water Wasters
m Researchers find link between high cholesterol and infertility
e Game of Thrones: Stop moaning about Season 4 spoilers, the books were  ...
e Walking Dead Season 5 Spoilers: Who Is Gareth and What's Going on at  ...
m Surprise Halt To Kansas Health Homes Program Dismays Medicaid Providers
e Rick Ross Arrested In North Carolina For Missing A Court Date
e Celeb Couple Put Paparazzi to Good Use
e 'Mad Men' Episode 6 Recap: Does This Family Even Exist Anymore?
m Maryland Developer of New Rapid Cancer Test Raises $2.8 Million
e Khloe Kardashian reportedly refusing to take "desperate calls" from Lamar Odom  ...
b Indonesia manufacturing slows in March
b NEK farming legend battles cancer
t Say Hello to Sony's Selfie Phone, the Xperia C3 With Wide-Angle Lens and  ...
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Prime, Galaxy S5 Neo and Galaxy S5 Mini Release Date in  ...
t Apple Plans to Announce Home-Appliance Functions for iPhone at Developer  ...
t US Warns Business About 'Heartbleed' Computer Bug
b Citi nears resolution on massive mortgage fraud probe
e 'Game of Thrones' showrunners sign on for 2 more seasons
t HTC One vs Google Nexus 5 vs Samsung Galaxy S4 : Top comparison for the  ...
t Tesla loss widens as it ramps up expansion plan
t The car company you never want to buy from
e True Blood: “Fire In The Hole”
t It came from the desert: the legend of Atari's ET
t Apple iOS 7.1 bringing tidings of unknown iPad models
t Netflix raises subscription price in US by $1
e Child services probe Will Smith, wife
e Hands-on with 'Batman: Arkham Knight': Taking the Batmobile for a spin
t Toyota's penalty a lesson on safety
t Colin Pillinger had 'fantastic charisma'
b Subway: No more "yoga mat" chemical in our bread by next week
e Who Won 'Dancing With the Stars' 2014? Season 18 Winner Revealed!
e Jennifer Aniston Wedding Planning Underway; Will Actress Marry Justin Theroux  ...
b Markets Tied to China Get a Lift
t Cornell: Professor, researcher had no access to private data in controversial  ...
e Kardashian,West to wed May 24: Florence official
m Gym faces lawsuit over Muslim head covering
e Controversial Photo of Willow Smith With Older Man Makes Moms Panic
e Robin Thicke's 'Paula' review: Apology album a wasteful, bad idea
e Save 7 Hours With This Recap of Transformers 1-3
b Making up good news about Obamacare
b VITACOST SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Announces the  ...
e Game of Thrones recap: season four, episode two – The Lion and the Rose
b Amazon Unveils Its First Smartphone
b GM announces it will recall an additional 1.5M vehicles
e Khloe Kardashian Kontinues To Celebrate Her Birthday On A Yacht But One  ...
t Apple & IBM Strike Landmark Partnership, Hope to Reinvent Business Computing
b US economy: Not looking so good
t Clear skies forecast for 'Blood Moon' early Tuesday
e What Role Will North West Play At Kimye Wedding?
e KEEPING UP WITH THE KARDASHIANS: KIMYE WEDDING UPDATE!
m US Health Care System Scores Lowest among 11 Industrialized Nations
e Jennette McCurdy Had Nothing But Nice Things To Say About Ariana Grande  ...
t Facebook Went Down Worldwide 'For A Brief Period Of Time' Overnight
e Record Store Day Set Saturday
t White Google Glass Sells Out on Day One of Release
b Go easy on budget cuts, urges OECD
t Amazon to announce its first smartphone in June: WSJ
m A New Antibiotic to Treat Skin Infections Approved by the FDA
b China insists it has right to drill for oil off Vietnam's coast, warns its neighbor to  ...
m View of a Smarter Australia in 2030 - veski
t Google's lackluster Q1 sees earnings per share of $6.27 with modest ad revenue  ...
b Q&A WITH TWITTER CEO DICK COSTOLO: Why Twitter Was Able To Blow  ...
e Justin Bieber And Selena Gomez 'Trying To Make Long Distance Romance Work'
b Bonds: Yields higher ahead of Yellen's testimony
b Is now time to jump back on board the Japan bullet train?
b Europe reaches deal to complete banking union
b Snapchat in financing talks with Alibaba at $10 billion valuation: Bloomberg
e Avril Lavigne's husbad Chad Kroeger gives her 17-carat diamond ring for 1-year  ...
m Bill Cassidy Attacks Obamacare Medicare Savings, But Admits He Voted For Them
e Best of Late Night TV: Daniel Radcliffe Cuts a Stranger's Hair, Vin Diesel Gives  ...
t iPhone 6 vs HTC One M8: A Look At 2014's Most Exciting Prospects
e Mickey Rooney, Movie Legend, Dies At 93
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Prime Rumors Tip 225Mbps Download Speeds
t SETI Research Director testifies before Congress
e Coachella To Feature Apple's iBeacon Micro-Location Technology
b USDA: Corn stocks top 7 billion bushels
e Mormon show takes plaudits at theatre awards
e Doctor Strange next for director Scott Derrickson
t Pie for Pi Day, March 14
e VIDEO: New International Trailer for THE EQUALIZER with Denzel Washington
e Look: Legit 'Guardians of the Galaxy' cosplayers
e Calm Your Hyperbole: That "Game of Thrones" Season Finale Had One Glaring  ...
e Cameron Diaz Proves You Don't Need A Dress To Look Fancy
b Yum Brands Says China Sales Hit By Food Scandal
t Iceland's eruption alert scaled back
b Euro zone private sector on strong footing but still slashing prices, PMIs show
e SARAH SILVERMAN'S WINNER'S REMORSE
e Glastonbury Festival, Worthy Farm, Somerset
b Construction Spending Rises Little in May
b International Monetary Fund estimates Russian economy is already in recession
m Jenny McCarthy: I Am Not 'Anti-Vaccine'
t Apple increases stock buyback, split stock
b Ford profit plunges 39% in first quarter
t Kindle Unlimited earmarks $800k extra for self-publishers
m Exercise can help prevent breast cancer in women of all ages
e Kristin Cavallari & Jay Cutler Welcome Their Second Baby, Jaxon Wyatt
b American Airlines retirees the winners in bankruptcy court decision
e Cat's Got Their Tongues: Grumpy Cat Rocks the 'American Idol' Top 6
e Robin Williams in talks to reprise Fox 2000 developed 'Mrs. Doubtfire' sequel  ...
e Review | Plot and Thrills Are Endangered Species in 'Transformers: Age of  ...
e Frankie Knuckles, Chicago's Godfather of House, dies aged 59
t Google Glass UK Release Date & Price Confirmed: UK Models To Pack 2GB of  ...
t News»Top Stories» Rearview Cameras To Be Standard in 2018 for New Cars  ...
b Medtronic Rumored To Buy Covidien
e T.I. fight timeline: T.I. tries to fight Floyd Mayweather in Vegas
t Destiny video showcases weapons, armour - watch
t Facebook request for EU WhatsApp antitrust review could streamline process
t Scientists Say They Just Found Landmark Evidence for the Big Bang That Offers  ...
e Floyd Mayweather I'm Not Looking to Bang TI's Wife
b Lake Worth tearing down blight one house at a time
e Whitney Houston biopic set for cinema release next year
b EM ASIA FX-Yellen shock, weak yuan hit Asia FX; more losses seen
b Tesla Tops Estimates – TSLA
e Get the Most Popular Beauty World News Stories in a Weekly Newsletter
m Alexander Shulgin Dead: Chemist Some Called 'Godfather Of Ecstasy' Dies At 88
e Jay Z, Beyoncé and Solange Get Spoofed on 'Saturday Night Live'
e 2014 BET Awards - PHOTOS
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Launch Date Rumors Firing Up Again
e Kanye West omitting Jay Z's name from song lyrics during live shows
b Rosneft Says Profits Rising Despite Western Sanctions
t Uber strikes partnership deal with AT&T, will move drivers to AT&T network
e Nashville actress cast as lead in Jem movie
e Nick Cannon's whiteface photo on Instagram: Funny, offensive or both?
b US consumer prices rise largest in a year
m Studies Raise New Hope on Alzheimer's Prevention
b TeliaSonera to buy rival's Norway operations for 745 million dollars
b Let science, not fear, dictate GMO labeling laws
e Gaga on Bennett duet CD: Jazz comes easier vs Pop
m New FDA Approve Medical Device For Migraine Headaches
e Justin Bieber, Ariana Grande Manager Scooter Braun Marries Yael Cohen in  ...
t Oyster ebook service (finally) arrives on Android
t Hot Runners: Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA), Toyota Motor (NYSE:TM), Ford  ...
e Hobie Alter, who revolutionized surfing, dies after lengthy battle with cancer
m Tourist who survived New York City plague diagnosis years ago has died of  ...
m Bracing for Boulder's 'pollen vortex'
t Facebook 'self-destructing messaging app Snapchat'
e Miami's Ultra Music Festival under threat
b Burger King reveals special gay pride Whopper
m Liberia shuts schools as Ebola spreads
t The iPhone 6 Rumor That Won't Go Away: 4.7- and 5.5-inch Screens
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's krazy £23m wedding
e Prince Harry to introduce Cressida Bonas to the Queen at Balmoral
e 'Dancing With The Stars' Season 18, Week 5: Dance By Dance Recap
t Tradus.com launches Windows Phone App to offer "local shopping experience  ...
b Samsung profit misses estimates as smartphone growth slows
e Ciara and Future Had a Baby Boy
m Exercise and heart disease: (Too) much does not help a lot
b US Won't Let Commercial Drones Fly
b Low euro volatility sees forex option demand rise
b Morning Edition: Duke deciding fate of coal ash, Central Ohio population  ...
b Amazon Sets Its Eyes on Comics With Purchase of Comixology
b Alaska salmon hatchery return sets record in 2013
b China seizes Japanese ship in case that stretches back to the '30s
t Lower-cost alternatives to Office for iPad
t New poll shows the more education you have, the more you hate the Comcast  ...
e Power of the popcorn: 2014 MTV Movie Awards preview
b Don't commit suicide: Job Builder's new ad features depressed clown
b Gold reclaims $1300-level as Ukraine remains in spotlight
e Two Serious Filmmakers Tackle the Controversial Story of Bowe Bergdahl
b Nemat Shafik takes on new Bank of England role
t Bummer: Stocks retreat from record highs
m Concerned Over Mad Cow Disease, Missouri Slaughterhouse Recalls Over  ...
b Obamacare insurance subsidies will cost a little less than previously thought
b Interest Rates on Saturday for Home Mortgages at Chase Bank Jul 5, 2014
b New Debate Over Piketty's Book On Economic Inequality
m Second daughter comes to visit Kelly in hospital
e Granada, not Grenada! Airline sued over mix-up
e Amateur use of fireworks can spark trouble
t Watch Dogs review journal #1: Welcome to Chicago
b Geithner pulls back curtain, shows human side of leaders who fought financial  ...
m Plant Sugar May Prove to be Healthy Sweetener
e Team Kimye! Kendall Jenner Wears Her Favourite Kanye West Top... Again!
t South County Leader publishes last edition Thursday
m Pfizer, Lilly drugs slow advanced breast cancer in studies
e Nobel-winning writer Nadine Gordimer dies
t Leaked images show WhatsApp with voice-calling feature on iOS
t DLC Fall: Titanfall Expedition map pack coming in May
b Behind Alibaba IPO is unlikely China success story (w/video)
e Emma Watson's 'Noah' Role Was Aided By Her Time At Hogwarts
t NASA Shows Off Its Next Mars Rover
m Catch up: All the news you missed today
b Obama Picks Former Exec to Lead VA
t Tale of the Tape: OnePlus One Compared to Top Smartphones
t Google Analytics gets dedicated iOS app, Facebook adds celebrity-focused  ...
t Scientists just got a glimpse of what happened a half-second after the Big Bang
b World Bank: India became third-largest economy in 2011 from 10th in 2005
e DJ Frankie Knuckles Dies From Complications With Diabetes
e Full House Revival Is Possibly In The Works
e 'The Bachelorette': Andi Dorfman contestant Eric Hill dies after paragliding accident
b Wal-Mart Goes After Whole Foods and Sprouts Farmers Markets
b Hillshire Brands to Buy Pinnacle Foods for $4.3B
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West
t Twitter's Redesign: What Brands Need To Know
b Video shows women escaping death on railroad tracks
e '22 Jump Street' tops weekend box office
e Garth Brooks promoter 'disappointed' at gigs row
b eBay's John Donahoe talks Icahn, conflicts, and $100 stock price (someday)
e Star Wars Creator Picks City For Museum
e Kanye West advised on Kim's Vogue style
t Internet glimpses Kindle book subscription service
e Critical Mass: Is '22 Jump Street' tickle or torture?
t Apple shares surge on sack of goodies for investors; expands buyback, ups  ...
e Museum suspect extradition ordered
b Code/red: The Great Twitter Streamlining of 2014
m Parapalegic will kick off FIFA 2014 World Cup using a brain-controlled exoskeleton
m Doctor dies after contracting Ebola from patients
t SXSW: Snowden Unrepentant, Calls NSA Internet Spying “Dark Arts”
t Microsoft gives employees sneak peek at new ''selfie'' phone
b Dollar off highs vs. yen after Yellen comments, euro rises
e 5 Seconds of Summer hit No. 1 in US
e Gordimer was fearless - Sanef
b Global markets: Oil prices jump on Iraq anxiety, stocks fall
b European Stocks Turn Lower, Hurt By Growth Worries
e Louis Zamperini Dies; War Hero Served as Inspiration for Angelina Jolie's  ...
m Scientists withdraw report on stem cells
b Money printing Japan's trade deficit quadruples on-year in March to $14 bn: govt
b U.S. economy shrank at steep 2.9 percent rate in 1st quarter
t Researcher studies past climate change to understand future impact
b HP reportedly close to settling suits on Autonomy deal
b Money Minute: BNP Latest European Bank on U.S. Hotseat
t United Launch Alliance Responds To SpaceX Lawsuit
b Office Is Coming to the iPad, but Microsoft's Stock Is Stuck in Neutral
e The cat-fighting continues... Selena Gomez reportedly 'not in the mood' to be  ...
b ECB Attempts To Verbally Devalue The Euro
e Jersey Boys movie review: it's not only rock 'n' roll...
t Google Glass banned from UK cinemas over copyright and privacy concerns
t Daddy Longlegs Used To Have An Extra Pair Of Eyes
b Wall Street's 3 main share indexes all closed lower
e Countdown to the 'Bachelor' finale: Chris Harrison, Juan Pablo butt heads over  ...
t Scientists Create Three-Atom Wide Wires Using Electron Beams
t Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Galaxy S4 Zoom: Camera Comparison Video
t Microsoft demos real-time language translation for Skype
t GM recall woes worsen as CEO Mary Barra set to go before Congress
e 'Captain America' Crushes Johnny Depp, Holds Off 'Heaven Is for Real' at Box  ...
t BMW to cash in on Mexico's cheap labour
t Watch Dogs - Video Review
b Oil, gas wells on federal land go uninspected
e BBC America Renews Orphan Black and Broadchurch, Announces 2 New  ...
t Facebook goes shopping
e Earth to Echo borrows from everyone, amounting mostly to static
t Nokia Phone Division to be Renamed 'Microsoft Mobile' Upon Completion of  ...
e Sherlock, With Benedict Cumberbatch, Announces 2015 Special and Season  ...
e Lupita Nyong'O Takes A Fashion Risk On The CFDA Awards Red Carpet  ...
t Microsoft's Nadella hints at big changes to Windows
t Sky Gazers Are in for a Treat
t US government advises using alternatives to Microsoft Internet Explorer
t Samsung 'Guilty' of Patent Infringement, Told to Pay Apple $120M
e Monty Python fans descend on O2 for reunion stage show opening night
t Apple, Comcast in talks to stream new TV service
e Tyler the Creator charged with inciting a riot at SXSW
t GS News - Xbox One Sales Double and PlayStation 4 Getting Price Hike?
t Rosetta identifies five possible landing sites for Philae
t Android 5.0 new Quick Settings and Notifications in Google Now style
t HTC One M8 goes official with 5-inch full HD display, duo camera
e Cult classic The Goonies may finally be getting its sequel
t Bigfoot Is Actually A Cow, Researchers Say
e Dan Auerbach on Working With Lana Del Rey: 'It Was Amazing'
e 'Divergent,' 'Muppets Most Wanted' and more: review roundup for March 21
t Google Glass Calendar Glassware arriving this week [Update]
b IPO Watch: Weibo and Sabre End a Rough Week to Go Public
b Dow tops above 17000, S&P 500 at record as jobs jump
e Actress Ann B. Davis From The Brady Bunch Dies
t A Case of Competition Imitation? Twitter adds PhotoTagging and Multiple Photo  ...
b US labor market still needs Fed support, chair says
e Shaquille O'Neal Is Currently Being Investigated for Allegedly Assaulting a Co  ...
t The Rumored 12.9-inch iPad Is Coming Early Next Year, But Who Is It For?
t MIT scientists engineer 'cells that talk to each other'
t Liberal Fascist Bullies Have Created a Climate of Fear So You'll Give Up
e Kanye West and Kim Kardashian May or May Not Already Be Married
b NZ dollar gains against euro as Draghi comments weigh
t Strong PS4 sales create supply problems for Sony
t There's A Dangerous Bug In Internet Explorer, But Microsoft Won't Fix It For  ...
m American Cancer Society Relay for Life
e Meshach Taylor, Star of TV's 'Designing Women,' Dead at 67
e Game of Thrones Season 4 Trailer: A New World
m Fatal flesh-eating bacteria case prompts warnings
m Biotic Pancreas built with iPhone controls Blood Sugar level of Type 1 Diabetes  ...
t Google Wallet gets gift cards, requesting money, sending it from your debit card  ...
t Big Bang waves: Was Einstein wrong? (+video)
e RZA on Brick Mansions, Working With Paul Walker, and Why Wu-Tang's Secret  ...
t Microsoft doubles down on 2-in-1, enterprise-first Surface strategy
m Aspirin a day? FDA tells patients to carefully weigh the risks
t Fraud, sex, post-it art among links removed by Google in Europe
b Etihad reveals new A380 & 787 cabin products
b GE Clears Last French Hurdle To Clinch US$17b Alstom Deal
t Swedish students cook up a way to pay with your hands
b Reasons of Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) Bullying All The Book Publishers
m Pistorius trials: No sign of mental illness
e Netflix Arrives On Cable Providers' TiVo DVRs In The U.S. For The First Time
m Health expert warns funerals spread Ebola in Guinea
t OkCupid says don't use Firefox after homophobic chairman installed
e Game Of Thrones Shocking Purple Wedding: Who Is The Murderer?
t Hacking results in breach of eBay's corporate network
e Justin Bieber hearing set for May
e Clancy's Craic: The Garth Brooks mess has damaged our reputation globally so  ...
e Caleb Bankston Dead: 5 Fast Facts You Need to Know
e Seth Rogen, Judd Apatow Hit Back At Hollywood Connection To Santa Barbara  ...
e Harry Potter spin-off 'will be a film trilogy'
e 'Star Wars: Episode 7' Has Started Filming Plus Watch 1-Hour 'Making Star Wars  ...
t South Dakota gas prices remain steady
t Chevrolet spruiks tiny Trax SUV
t Twitter takes Tweetdeck app offline due to hacking
t Microsoft's Xbox One wins E3 2014 with renewed focus on games
b Japan Current Account Surplus Y612.7 Billion
e Marc Anthony Ordered to Pay Ex-Wife $26800 A Month in Child Support
e Photo Flash: Zach Braff, Josh Gad & More Attend WISH I WAS HERE NY Premiere
e PICS: A Look Back at 'How I Met Your Mother'
e Floyd Mayweather speaks on TI fight & apologizes to Tiny & her Children
t GM urged to waive bankruptcy immunity for recall suits
t WATCH: Amazing NASA video shows the sun erupting
b Ousted American Apparel Founder Threatens to Sue If Post Is Not Reinstated
m The Cheesecake Factory, Red Robin take top honors at Xtreme Eating Awards
e Watch Sherri Shepherd and Jenny McCarthy Pretend They Weren't Fired
b Rolls Royce hit with Multi-Billion Pound Loss after Emirates Cancels Airbus Order
b eBay execs shed more light on Q2 hacking, look toward recovery
e Zac Efron Confirms He Is Eager For 'High School Musical' Reunion Movie
e Ryan Gosling Wanted Rachel McAdams Kicked Off 'The Notebook'
m Human Stem Cells Get Mice With MS-Like Disease Walking Within 2 Weeks
t Tibetans inherited high-altitude gene from extinct human relatives: study
t Ars Technica: Report: Google to acquire Twitch.tv for more than $1 billion
b Obama Administration backs off cuts to Medicare Advantage
b Treasury Volatility Jumps Most in Two Months Before ECB, Jobs
t Samsung phones are popular, but its apps are not
t Netflix, Google, Facebook, Amazon Push For Strong Net Neutrality
t Final fed climate report will present dire picture - Quincy Herald-Whig | Illinois  ...
t Breaking Apple Rumors
b Tiffany hits record high as Q1 net rises 50%, full-year forecast raised
e 'November Man' is a muddle
b EBay's Results Top Targets but Outlook Disappoints
m Alzheimer's blood test in the works
e James Franco and Seth Rogen Join in On the Kimye Vogue Cover Madness
b Yahoo highlights Silicon Valley's diversity problem
e Photo Coverage: THE CRIPPLE OF INISHMAAN Company Celebrates Opening  ...
b Will the Bitcoin Industry Go Down with Mt. Gox?
e Stacy Keibler Wedding 2014 - George Clooney's Ex Marries Jared Pobre
t The Climate Post: Reports, Website Document Effects of and Need for Dialogue  ...
t Gravitational Waves: Here's Everything You Need To Know (VIDEO)
m Getting the best help: top US hospitals of 2014-15 objectively ranked
t Stocks Are Falling
e Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Renewed; Agent Carter, Constantine and The Flash  ...
e Miley Cyrus shows off 'sad kitty' tattoo on inside of her lip
t Samsung's announces S5 mini, preps global release
e Game of Thrones: The Laws of Gods and Men Preview
b Gold soars in Europe
m Fried Food 'Could Cause More Weight Gain To People With Obese Genes  ...
e Netanyahu Condemns Kansas Shootings, Vows to 'Fight Pestilence'
m A Fist Bump Spreads Fewer Germs Than a Handshake, Study Says
b Vegas slotmaker Bally Technologies sold in $5.1B deal
t Governments warn against Internet Exploder
e Dancing with the Stars: 9 Changes to Expect from Season 18
b QC unemployment rate dips to 5.7 percent
b Caterpillar Inc. share price steady, accused by Senate investigative committee of  ...
m Scientists create "biological pacemakers" that keep heart on beat
b GM's 2004 reports on injury crashes involving recalled cars
e Review: 'Veronica' a solid cinematic turn
t Samsung Galaxy S5 – US Prices and Release Dates
b Live: Fiat Chrysler chief executive reveals 5-year plan
t How T-Mobile Keeps Shaking Up the Wireless Market
b The Punishment Of Credit Suisse Is Not Enough
t Google's Vic Gundotra Leaving after Eight Years
e Rolf Harris removed from Australia's ARIA Hall of Fame
e Song List Revealed for Tonight's AMERICAN IDOL!
e LA Mayor Eric Garcetti Drops F-Bomb at Kings Stanley Cup Celebration
b Motorists brace for record-high gas prices
e 'Game of Thrones' star Kit Harington jokes his hair is under contract
t REFILE--Microsoft's Xbox One sales cross 5 million
e Actors Julia Louis-Dreyfus, Jim Parsons win top comedy Emmys
m Saturday: Relay Raises More Than $100000
e Dozens taken to hospital during Avicii show in Boston
t Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) Watchers are Undecided on What Impact an iWatch will  ...
t Is Facebook taking privacy more seriously?
e Lady Gaga Readies Jazz Album With Tony Bennett
t President Barack Obama's weather offensive (with video)
m Cancer's lifestyle link
t Natural Methane Seepage on US Atlantic Ocean Margin Widespread
t Curiosity snaps first asteroid photo from Red Planet
t Facebook looks to beam internet from sky
t Outrage as drug dealing app hits No.1 spot on iTunes
e This New Video of Charlie Sheen 'F--king Hammered' at a Taco Bell Drive  ...
b CoreLogic: Home price gains slow in April amid tepid sales
m AIDS researchers on way to conference among MH17 passengers
e Jonah Hill apologizes for gay slur to paparazzo - WBOC-TV 16, Delmarvas News  ...
b Shanghai Falls; Nikkei Ends Flat
t Nuance sale talks put valuable speech-recognition patent portfolio up for grabs
b Bank of America reports $276 mn loss on huge legal costs
b Dollar Dips In Wake Of Jobs Data
b Gazprom, OMV Sign Agreement on Planned South Stream Gas Pipeline
b ECB argues risk of deflation is 'remote'
m Infertility in Men Linked to Mortality
b M&A frenzy as Pfizer amasses AstraZeneca critics
e The first 'Hunger Games: Mockingjay' trailer is here
e Eminem Teams Up With Spike Lee For Headlights Video
m Organic foods may be healthier
b Jet nearly collided with drone over Florida: FAA
e Once Upon A Time Casts Tyler Jacob Moore As Prince Hans And In A Surprise  ...
b Wall Street edges lower after record; Boeing drags
t Jury leaves damages Samsung must pay Apple unchanged
b PHH Mortgage Vs Quicken Loans: Mortgage Rates Update for April 17
b Near drowning at Phil Foster Park sends woman to hospital
t Deal: Samsung Galaxy Note PRO 12.2 for $479, Regularly $699
m Serious reactions to childhood vaccines are rare, study says
e Who Was Mr. Fiers In The Amazing Spider-Man 2?
e 'The Hobbit 3' Trailer Released [Watch Here]
b Seán FitzPatrick not guilty on all counts in Anglo trial
m Q&A: How Can Our Noses Smell a Trillion Different Odor Mixtures?
t ZeniMax files lawsuit against Oculus in theft of trade secrets: Report
b Brent holds above $113, but set for biggest weekly drop since March
m Report: Medicaid growth would cover additional 120000 in Wisconsin
b UPDATE 1-Sony targets PlayStation growth in network services drive
e NBC's 'The Voice' review: Christina Grimmie, Josh Kaufman, Kat Perkins take on  ...
e Eve: Beautiful Bride On Wedding Day — See Gorgeous Dress
e Michael Jackson steals the show at Billboards - PHOTOS
b IMF chief put under investigation in fraud case
b Barclays announces restructuring and job cuts
e Oprah launches her own Chai at Starbucks to raise money for charity
e AC/DC Reportedly Retiring
m Beware, it's tick season again! New York NOW
t Which Devices Will Get iOS 8?
b CBS Posts Higher First Quarter Earnings
e Jennette McCurdy And Ariana Grande Feud To End “Sam & Cat”
e Hangout hula hoopla
e 'Transformers,' 'Tammy' lead weak July 4 weekend
t Apple Inc (AAPL) Stock Gains to Continue Without Smart Home System; iOS  ...
b Alibaba: A Chinese giant emerges
t Blackshades RAT: Australian Federal Police to help the FBI in malware crackdown
e 5 Things to Know This Morning
t 2012 ozone event drags down county air raiting, official says
e Is Star Wars: Episode VII Already Filming?
t The Next Leap: Distribution strategies for your app
b Dow, S&P 500 post new closing highs
t Diane von Furstenberg Google Glass Frames, Shades Now On Sale
b China auto show opens amid concerns
e Two Young Unknowns Join Star Wars: Episode 7
e Chris Brown's freedom at stake with two cases
e 'Glee' season 6: Chris Colfer not fired, victim of Twitter hack
b Homebuilder confidence increases
e Olivia Palermo Shares First Wedding Photos with Johannes Huebl - See Her  ...
m Ground Beef Recall 2014: Wolverine Packing Withdraws 1.8 Million Pounds of  ...
t Google Reverses Decision to 'Forget' Links to UK's Guardian Newspaper
b International markets roundup
e Mark Wahlberg has some slimy fun at the Kids' Choice Awards, with One  ...
t OkCupid Is Pretending People Are Great Matches With Their New Experiment
t Lexington police to increase enforcement
t These 2 Pizza Chains Look Like Good Investments
b AbbVie Weighs Higher Offer After Shire Rejects $46.5 Billion Bid
e The Secret Service Apparently Threatened To Kill Mr. Met
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Prime details emerge, could LG take the crown this year?
m Judge Awards State of Massachusetts Custody of West Hartford Teen
m Study looks at effects of 'chocolate' on heart health
t Obama taps Silicon Valley cash as tech firms blast FCC net neutrality plan
e Actress, activist Ruby Dee dies - KCTV5
e Mick Jagger to inherit L'Wren Scott's £5.4m estate
e US to Review Rules for Songwriter Fees Paid by Pandora
e NC brothers lose HGTV show after 'anti-gay' remarks
b Global stocks rise on earnings, euro falls on inflation data
t Yahoo's new Flickr app adds creepily accurate search tool
t Facebook launches Newswire service for journalists
t Microsoft struggles to fix hole in Internet Explorer
b Brent rises to near $107 as Libya, Iraq violence renews supply worries
m Kindred Launches Hostile Tender Offer for Gentiva
b USDA corn ratings edge higher
b B. Riley Lowers salesforce.com, inc. Price Target to $55.00 (CRM)
e 'Scandal' actor Columbus Short arrested
b U.S. appeals court upholds hazardous air pollution rule
b Lachlan Murdoch appointed as News Corp non-executive co-chairman
m 'Biggest investigation' launched into effects of mobiles
t Microsoft, Nokia Officially Complete $7 Billion Deal Friday
e Here's a deleted Saturday Night Live sketch about a failing '90s Nickelodeon show
e Allison Williams - Allison Williams To Play Peter Pan In Live Musical Tv Special
b Pound To Australian Dollar Exchange Rate (GBP/AUD) Higher Despite Chinese  ...
e Kim Kardashian and Khloe Kardashian share more wedding photos
e Lena Dunham apologizes for cracking molestation joke on social media
e Joan Rivers The 2 Chicks Held Hostage in Ohio Should Lighten Up
e Kourtney Kardashian expecting third child with Scott Disick: report
b Two Beaten Down Consumer Stock Buys
t Astronauts study twins
e Why the Aereo Supreme Court case over TV's future is too tough to call
e Kanye West and Kim Kardashian honeymooning in Ireland; Kanye says Kim is  ...
t FingerReader to help visually impaired
b GlaxoSmithKline sells cancer drugs business for $16 billion and creates new  ...
b Emirates' Decision To Cancel A350 Order Will Be A “Blow” For Airbus
e Melissa McCarthy's 'Tammy': What The Critics Are Saying
b Target beefs up subscriptions
b EUR/USD: Labor Report Provides Trading Opportunity
b Tokyo stocks end 0.6% higher on Friday morning
b Nikkei lifts to three-week high
t A closer look at Microsoft's new Office for iPad: Too little, too late
b [Video] Tyrese & Dr. Dre Confirm Apple's $3.2 Billion Beats By Dre Purchase
b Southeast Asia faces renewed unity test as South China sea tensions spike
e Posted on March 23rd, 2014 at 1:49 pm
b Hewlett-Packard
t Google I/O preview: The major changes expected in next version of Android
e Is Gwyneth Paltrow the Secret Ingredient to Jon Favreau's New Movie 'Chef'?
e NYT Publisher: I Fired Abramson Over Her Management Style
e Steve Martin May Return for Father of the Bride 3
e Johnny Weir Talks Alleged 'Threatening Marriage' (Exclusive)
b Factories forced to close as Vietnamese rage mounts over China oil rig
e Kanye West 'anger management issues' causing problems for Kim Kardashian  ...
m Young blood (aka 'vampire therapy') may slow the process of aging, cure  ...
t Heartbleed disclosure timeline: who knew what and when
t Roombots to turn into Table and Chair at Command of Users
t Sony, XBox Victims Of DDoS, Hacktivist Threats
t Microsoft Acquisition of Nokia Devices To Close this Week
e Inside George RR Martin's New Book (Mild Buzzkill: Only One Story is Martin's)
t Octopus wins mom of the year; has longest brooding period of any animal
t Web Giants Sign Net Neutrality Letter, But Apple Is MIA
e 5 Things to Know About Jamie Lynn Spears' Wedding
b OECD calls to control rising UK house prices
e Sad Kanye photo: Kanye West wallowing in woe sparks intrigue and mystery
t Samsung outs a foursome of cheap KitKat phones that won't trouble Moto E
t Shocker: No one likes ISPs or cable providers
t NASA IRIS Witness Gigantic Eruption from Sun's Crown for the First Time (WATCH)
b UPDATE 2-Nestle sees faster growth after weak start to year
t Fossils of tiny, unknown hedgehog identified
m State Highlights: ND Kids' Program Eligibility; Conn. Nursing Home  ...
t Heartbleed: Security flaw you need to know
e Jamie Lynn Spears 'married'
t This Facebook 'Manipulation' Scandal Is Ridiculous - Companies Test Products  ...
e // Wu-Tang Affiliated Rapper Andre Johnson's Penis Couldn't Be Re-attached
b Gold heads for first monthly loss in 2014 on US rates outlook
e SXSW: Jon Favreau On Swapping Iron Man For 'Food Porn' In His New Movie Chef
e Emmy Awards 2014: 'Breaking Bad' and 'Modern Family' win top awards
m Some e-cigarettes can deliver a puff of carcinogens
e Watch a Preview of Tonight's Bachelorette Finale: Who Will Andi Choose?
t Astronomers discover pink world at outer reaches of solar system
e Duchess of Cambridge visits London school with John Bishop
m Study finds that runners tend to live longer and have fewer strokes and heart  ...
t The HTC One (M8) lives: what it's got and where you can get one
t AOL Works With US Authorities After Spammers Spoof E-Mails
b U.S. Journalism Benefiting From 'Game-Changing' Investments -Study
e The Shocking Cover Kim Kardashian Wants Next
e U.N. envoy say Israel tried to bar him from pre-Easter rites
t Android L Features: Interacting With the New Lock Screen
b Two killed when Amtrak train collided with truck
e New York: How to get tickets to 9/11 museum for Memorial Day
e Lana Del Rey Blasts Interviewer Over 'I Wish I Was Dead' Quote
m US health care system ranks last 11 among industrialized nations
e Tonight On American Idol 2014: Top 2 Performances
b U.S. Ship Arrives in Italy to Destroy Syria's Chemical Weapons
m US teen birth rate at historic low, but girls deliver 1700 babies every week, CDC  ...
e Beyoncé and Jay Z reveal secret wedding video and birth of Blue
b The U.S. Is A Rising Star In Global Manufacturing Competitiveness
t Google begins removing European search results
t Samsung's forthcoming smartwatch may not need to sync to a smartphone
b Tesla gets 2 more weeks to sell cars in NJ
t Apple reportedly poaches Tag Heuer VP of sales for iWatch
e Guardians of the Galaxy joining Minecraft in new update
b Citi Bike Struggling to Pedal a Profit, Operators Say
e Billboard reveals music's top earners: Taylor Swift earned HOW much last year?
b Washington Redskins not worried about trademark denial
b Obama Order Forces Philadelphia Rail Workers Back on Job
b GM Recall Will Not Affect Marketing Plan
t Do we really cause global warming?
b Search for Malaysian jet resumes amid weather concerns
m Slightly elevated blood pressure also tied to strokes
t Motorola To Launch 6.3 Inch Phablet in Q3 2014 [Report]
b As US job market strengthens, many don't feel it
e Justin Bieber Skips Out On Toronto Court Appearance After Weekend Partying  ...
t Amazon offers $100 worth of apps for free, swiping at Google Play
t Ralph Lauren Polo Tech shirt doubles as a fitness tracker, debuts at US Open
b Philadelphia rail workers back on the job after Obama intervenes to end strike
e Taylor Swift 'sends her love' to fans in Thailand after military coup forces her to  ...
e BACHELORETTE PAD? Beyonce Goes Apartment Shopping Without Jay-Z
b Buoyant JD.com IPO Good News for Tech Stocks, Alibaba
e Sam Woolf sings 'You're Still the One' on American Idol Top 6 Live Shows
m Sobriety? There's Now An App For That
b Small Taxes That Create Big Costs
t Ford Mustang 50th Anniversary Edition Trends On Facebook
m VIDEO: Yale Student Forced to Eat Cheetos To Pass Mandatory Weigh-ins
t Latest GM Recall Adds 8.4 Million Vehicles To Already High Tally
t Tesla to Fix Model S With Battery Shield to Prevent Fires
e David Arquette gets along with Johnny McDaid
t Apple and Motorola: Is this the beginning...
t Microsoft ushers in new era with apps for iPads
m Start Avoiding the Burn. Dermatologists Chime in on How...
e X-Men: Days of Future Past: watch the final trailer
m Study: Autism Develops Early During Pregnancy
e Amber Rose Wears Gigantic Sunglasses to Billboard Music Awards: Picture
t Google Has Developed Technology to Crack CAPTCHAs
t UAE to Send Spaceship to Mars by 2021
e How the #AskThicke Twitter Q&A Backfired on Robin Thicke
t Twitter goes down for 'most users' on internet, Apple iPhone, Android and mobile  ...
m Why Chocolate Is Healthy
m Birth Control Coverage Should Be Required Under Health Plans, Argue 70% Of  ...
t Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR): Monetize or Perish
e The Voice 2014 Season 6 Predictions: Top 10 – Who Makes The Top 8?
e AMHQ's Sam Champion Comments on Josh Elliot's Move to NBC Sports VIDEO
t Oracle wins the case over Android
b ObamaCare deadline not exactly March 31 anymore
m First mosquitoes found with West Nile in Scotts Bluff County
m Some People Prefer Shocking Themselves To Being Left Alone
b Airliner, drone nearly collided
b China warns Vietnam to withdraw ships from disputed South China Sea
t Samsung: If you like the GS5, the Galaxy Tab S is for you
t Watch Dogs suffering from login issues and more on launch day
t Microsoft launch Office on iPad
e 2014 BET Awards Names Its Winners
b Possible suspect in Target data theft identified
b Dollar Sags Post-Fed, Franc Up After SNB Policy Announcement
t Watch the MLB 14 The Show PS4 trailer
e 'Most Wanted' isn't the Muppets at their best
b Microsoft Nedella Announces Cloud Strategy, Office For iPad, Mobile
e 'American Idol 13': '10 Finalists Perform' recap
t Now You Can Get Totally Free Voice, Texts, and Data on Your iPhone
b US wins WTO case against China on luxury cars
e North Korea calls US movie about plot to kill Kim Jung Un an 'act of war'
b NY casino application deadline arrives
t Bird-like dinosaur dubbed 'chicken from hell'
e 6 Outrageous Shailene Woodley Quotes From Her 'The Fault In Our Stars' Movie  ...
e Kim Kardashian (Accidentally?) Frees the Nipple
t T-Mobile Reports Staggeringly Good Numbers, Gets Takeover Bid
e Collins' donation sparks many Alamo memories
b PetSmart Shares Surge on Jana Stake
e Leonardo DiCaprio set to star in Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu's `The Revenant`
t Starbucks alienates most Android phones by siding with PMA wireless charging
e Lucy Hale Packs A Neon Punch At The Billboard Music Awards 2014!
e He's big fan, too. Really
b No Surprise That Hedge Funds Won't Make You Rich: Noah Smith
t Amazon's long-rumored e-book subscription service is now a reality: "Kindle  ...
b First Drip (4/28/14): Religious leaders file suit against Amendment One, storms  ...
t Microsoft's Office open for iPad
m Lewisville church partners with Sierra Leone
m FDA to propose rules banning sale of e-cigarettes to minors
t Google plans sub-$100 phone by Oct
b Twitter shares slump as stock lock-up expires
m It's Another One-Year SGR Patch for Bickering Congress
b American Apparel Seeks to Can CEO Dov Charney [Video]
e Weigh in: Who should win the trophy on tonight's 'Dancing with the Stars'?
e Weekend Box Office: 'Divergent' Scores Terrific $56M Debut
t Yesterday's LG G3 Event is Now Available to watch Again
m FDA says daily aspirin may not prevent first heart attack
t GM Reports Best Monthly Sales Since August 2008
t Today in the News: New dwarf planet discovered in solar system
b The 14 Most-Loved Tech CEOs In 2014
b JPMorgan CEO Has Throat Cancer
e Twitter pulls its music app
e Nicki Minaj's Childhood Dream Was To Be A Nurse
e 3 New 'Dawn Of The Planet Of The Apes' Videos – A Featurette, Clip And Behind  ...
e Josh Elliott is leaving 'Good Morning America' for an NBC Sports job
t Spotify overhauls web, desktop and iOS apps with new look, new features
e 'Mad Men' Guest Star Neve Campbell On Her Surprising Turn In Season 7
e Need to smile? Then watch this trailer for the Batkid documentary
b REPEAT: ECB ready to "act swiftly" to deal with deflation
e 'True Blood' series finale: Could there be a spin-off on Alexander Skarsgard's Eric?
t $100000 In Scholarship Money For San Diego Whiz Kid
t Gene from extinct human species fortifies high-altitude Tibetans
t Want the New Samsung Galaxy S 5 but Stuck in a Contract? Only T-Mobile Has  ...
e 'Dancing With the Stars' Recap: Olympians in Jeopardy
m Pacific Organic Produce recalls mangos
t IAB Report – 2015 Smart ForTwo and ForFour to be unveiled tonight, pictures leak
b Walmart recalls doll prone to overheat, potentially cause burns
b Turkey Mining Disaster: 24 Arrested as Death Toll Reaches 301
m Va. gov directs abortion clinic regulation review
b After Missing Earnings, Is Pfizer a Good Value?
t Halo 5: Guardians is the new Halo game, and it's launching in 2015
t Is the new Facebook friend-tracking feature a potential stalking tool?
b CNBC's Scott Cohn reports Detroit has reached a deal with retirees on pension  ...
m MH17: Many on board were heading to Melbourne AIDS conference
b Nigeria Becomes Largest Economy in Africa With $590.9 Billion GDP
e First Trailer for The Equalizer Starring Denzel Washington Released
e KLEARINGHOUSE: Manziel and Bieber, Together at Last
b Motorola Solutions sells enterprise unit to Zebra for $3.45B
b Intuit to Acquire Bill-Pay App Check for $360 Million
b Everyone's Waiting For The Next ECB Action
t Next Mars Mission Given the OK
b What Argentina's debt fight is all about and why it matters
e Paul McCartney Tour & Songs: Beatles Star Resumes Tour; Couple Gets  ...
b Credit Suisse to Pay $2.6 Billion in Tax Evasion Case
e L'Wren Scott Twitter causing confusion over death
e Video: Michael Bay's 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' 1st trailer
e Vanessa Hudgens Looks Sad After Zac Efron & Michelle Rodriguez Hookup
e SITE SEARCH WEB SEARCH BY
m California Gov. Jerry Brown signs measure repealing glove requirement for  ...
b Yahoo profit beats estimates at $312 mn
b Protesters arrested at McDonald's HQ
t Samsung Could Be Developing Galaxy Tab S
t Terrifying lancetfish with fangs washes ashore in NC
t Viewer photos: 'Blood Moon' over Houston
e Arrow: The Man Under the Hood - Watch Two New Clips
e New Regency Taps Brad Pitt, David Michod To Tell Gen. …
e Fox sets final spring/summer premiere dates, adds fake Prince Harry dating show
b Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba finally files for its IPO
b Measurement Specialties – New position sensors deliver high-accuracy  ...
e Gwen Stefani 'The Voice': Christina Aguilera Welcomes No Doubt Singer To  ...
b American Apparel Inc (NYSEMKT:APP) Makes It Hard For Ousted CEO To  ...
e Ariana Grande confirms new album My Everything, with Break Free teaser
e Adam Levine with platinum blond hair: Love it or hate it?
b US auto sales surprise with strength in June - WXOW News 19 La Crosse, WI  ...
e Ryan Gosling hated Rachel McAdams during The Notebook's filming
m New kidney dialysis machine for babies
b RPT-China Construction Bank to get yuan clearing role in London -FT
e Salma Hayek goes political on Cannes red carpet
t Latest Instagram Update Supercharges Photo Editing
e New Coldplay album 'Ghost Stories' available to stream on iTunes
e Mindy Kaling delivers scathing assessment of gender and race gap on TV at  ...
m Heroin is the drug of choice in white US suburbs
m Giant panda may have faked pregnancy for more food
t GM sued over fatal crash tied to ignition defect
b Market Report: Quindell under the spotlight as Spanish company goes bust
b IPO Stock Watch: China's JD.com Set To Trade Thursday
b Obama on gender pay gap: 'It's not a myth, it's math'
b GM Suspends Production at South Africa Assembly Plant
m Depression hits not only
e All The Best Vines From The BET Awards 2014
m First-time colon cancer screening may be beneficial for elderly
t Apple fights digital books ruling
b UN General Assembly adopts resolution affirming Ukraine's territorial integrity
e Amy Adams gave up her first class airline seat to a soldier
e Game of Thrones may end with movie, says author George RR Martin
m 'Kick Butts Day' aims to keep kids from using tobacco
e Robert Pattinson staying in ex-girlfriend Kristen Stewart's house after admitting  ...
m E-cigarettes don't help people quit smoking, claims study
m Twitter Crushes Anti-Vaccination Queen Jenny McCarthy
e HBO Go Doesn't, Again. Does It Matter?
e LiLo to make West End debut with ' Speed-the-Plow'
e 'True Blood' Wraps on Season High
t Bits and Bytes: Today's the last day to make FCC Net Neutrality comments
e Bachelorette Andi Dorfman visits contestant Nick Viall in Milwaukee
b Carney recruits IMF's billion-dollar woman
e 'Transformers' proves it's not extinct at the box office
t Google, Novartis Team for Smart Contact Lenses
t Will Oculus Kill Crowdfunding? Ted Leonsis Has a Grim Outlook
t Google vs. Amazon: Who Has the Advantage in the Same-Day Delivery Battle?
t Methane Leak From Hundreds Of Vents Spotted On The East Coast's Ocean Floor
e Paltrow & Martin announce breakup
t LG G Watch to come in gold and black with always-on display and water  ...
b Eurozone inflation drop seals deal for ECB
t Why Red Hat (RH) Stock Is Climbing Today
e Record Store Day: Play it forward on April 19
e Was there a flaw in the Action Comics No. 1 grading?
e Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez are definitely back together!
e Rolling Stones resume their world tour
t Apple adds 8GB model to 'failed' iPhone 5C range. Not cheap.
t Why An Iranian Judge Summoned Mark Zuckerberg To Court
b U.S. stocks open nearly flat ahead of Fed decision
m Handshake is the least sanitary greeting: Study
m Ebola virus: Can West African Nations stop deadliest ever outbreak from  ...
b June jobs report shows US recovery is accelerating
b South Korea stocks edge down after Samsung Electronics's weak Q2 earnings  ...
e Khloe Kardashian Gets Warning From Her Family About French Montana
b Report: Vince McMahon Loses $340 Million On Friday, No Longer A Billionaire
t 64-Bit Smartphones Hindered By Outside Issues
b Big banks might need to hold more capital. Federal Reserve's Yellen says
t ICO probes Facebook over psychology experiment data protection fears
e Movie Review: Jokes struggle to land in light Marvel adventure
e The Bachelorette Season 10 Episode 9 Recap: Who Made Andi's Final Two?
b Samsung's lower first-quarter estimate highlights smartphone challenges
t Will This Ban Crush Auto Sales for Tesla Motors Inc.?
t EBay advises users to change passwords after cyberattack
e A $10 Kickstarter for Potato Salad Has Raised $15000
e Beyonce and Jay Z bring tour to Chicago in July
e Jessica Alba - Jessica Alba doesn't do nude scenes in front of grandparents
e Rick Ross Arrested For Probation Violation
e Once Upon a Time in Wonderland canceled by ABC
e Lifetime Sets Whitney Houston Movie Directed by Angela Bassett
b Why Is Tesla's Stock Price So Low?
e American Idol 2014 Spoilers: Sneak Peek At Finale Week (VIDEO)
t Money Made Easy: Guide to... 'Heartbleed' internet threat
e Amazon Video Streams Nearly Triple to Surpass Hulu, Apple
m US stocks retreat after early advance sent S&P 500 to record
b Crude oil rises to near US$107 a barrel
e President Obama's Daughter Working on CBS Series
t Scientists unveil key discovery tied to Big Bang
t Google Focusing on Building Out Android for Enterprise Use
t Apple on the brink of buying Beats headphones for $3.2bn
t Could A Bear Market Kickstart Apple? (AAPL)
t AT&T and Verizon received government data requests every 60 seconds
t Titanfall on Xbox One: "Frame-Rate Is Uneven, Struggles A Lot Even At 792p  ...
e Sherri Shepherd Says She's Leaving 'The View'
b General Motors Company (GM) news: General Motors: The Drama Continues
b Carphone Warehouse and Dixons merger unconditionally cleared by European  ...
e Rolf Harris jailed for sex offences
b LinkedIn Q2 Results Top Estimates
m CDC Launches 'Start Talking. Stop HIV' Campaign
b Stocks Edge Lower
t Google unveils Android Wear project; LG, Motorola to make first smartwatches
b EUR/USD hangs on above key support at 1.3740
e Sex Tape: Watch the red band trailer for Cameron Diaz comedy
t UW researchers: Polar ice sheet doomed, but how soon?
e Solange attacks Jay Z in an elevator as Beyonce adjusts her dress (VIDEO)
m Teens Smoking Less Cigarettes, but Texting More While Driving
e Miley Cyrus Gets a Haircut Wearing Nothing But a Towel – See The Pics!
t “IPCC Does Not Guard Itself Against Groupthink” – Richard Tol
e Twin Peaks: The Entire Mystery Blu-ray Box Set Dated For This Summer
b Former wife to Russian oligarch awarded S$5.6b in record-breaking divorce
t 8GB iPhone 5c Now Available, Costs £429
b Healthcare deadline
b Dow drops under 17000
b Property tax pushes consumer prices higher in March
b WWE rumors: Smackdown to go live on Tuesdays under new NBC Universal deal?
m Op-ed: Mental health treatment is not perfect, but it can be life-saving
e Pretty Little Liars 5×08 spoilers: Haleb back together, Spencer & Emily pursue a  ...
b US economy grew at 2.6 percent rate in 4Q as consumer spending rose more  ...
t Notegraphy, an Instagram-style app for beautiful typography, arrives on Android
e 'I forgot everything' Rita Ora used earpiece for Fifty Shades of Grey
b Lower open seen for TSX
b China signs 30-year deal for Russian natural gas
e Sherri Shepherd Leaving The View After 7 Years! And Is Jenny McCarthy Also  ...
m Study: E-cigarettes help smokers quit
b Opening Bell 16 June | Global equities fall on Iraq conflict
t Is Google Glass the Future? No!
b The Curious Case of Cynk, an Abandoned Tech Company Now Worth $5 Billion
t Crows Are As Smart As A Seven-Year-Old Child, Researchers Find
t Now Google+ Shows You How Many Times Your Profile, Content Have Been  ...
b Tokyo stocks up 0.27 per cent by break
t GM Stops Sale of 2013-14 Chevrolet Cruze Due to Takata Airbag Defect
e Cannes 2014: Winter Sleep Wins Cannes Palme d'Or
t New ISS Crew Arrives Safely to Begin Six-Month Mission
m Sitting too long increases risk of certain cancers
e Bachelorette 2014's Marcus Grodd Has a Criminal Past — See His Mug Shot!
b Japan Keeps Chipping Away at Its Postwar Pacifism
e Captain America: The Winter Soldier Easter Eggs
t PC market to see teeny tiny revival in 2015
t Android Wear from Google I/O: Australian pricing and availability
e The Walking Dead Season 5: Terminus' Creepy Candle Room to Be Explained!
t #GM to recall another 3 million cars
e Virtual reality to stars, five highlights from Comic-Con
e 'The Equalizer' Trailer: Denzel Washington Takes Down The Russian Mob In  ...
e Viral Vid: Bill Murray at a Stag Party
b Postal workers protest deal with Staples
t Samsung unveils 'Simband' and health-monitoring platform
m There's A New Bacteria In Town
e Michael Strahan's "Good Morning America" side job confirmed during visit
t Report: YouTube to acquire Twitch for $1 billion
e Marion Cotillard Wears Just One Earring at Met Ball 2014
t Google adds time machine function to Street View
e Rob Kardashian skips Kimye's wedding, Kim K rocks custom Givenchy dress
t Hack hits UK and Aussie iPhones
e Report: Brody Jenner Will Be A No-Show At Kim & Kanye's Wedding
b Helicopter pilot dies, witness burned in Birchwood crash
b Is Gulf Spill Cleanup Over? BP and Coast Guard Differ (Washington Post)
t Google Is Hiring A Team Of All-Star Hackers To Fix The Internet
m MERS Virus: Iran Confirms First Two Cases
t Ford mocks Cadillac's horrible ELR ad [videos]
t New Valve VR headset crops up in testing
t Destiny PS4 Alpha Test Launches Today, Everyone Will Get Invites
m MERS: Haj pilgrims to undergo stringent health screening
e Movie review: Like 'The Heat,' poorly written 'Tammy' all but wastes talents of  ...
b Hands off my timbits
t Microsoft Launching Surface Mini on May 20
t Ford lowers fuel-economy ratings for six vehicles
t Honda recalls nearly 900000 vehicles over fire risk
m How Obamacare's Lack of Transparency Costs Taxpayers
e The 5 worst moments of Avril Lavigne's 'Hello Kitty' video
b Gold slips in Europe
b Mailing your returns? No late-evening options
e Sequels rule Father's Day box office, led by 'Jump Street'
e Millie Mackintosh is golden girl on TV BAFTAs red carpet as she stuns in skin  ...
e Music News Singer Chris Brown's DC trial delayed for months
m Finally, Justina's going home
e #NerdNews: Marvel Comics Picks A Woman To Be The Next Thor
b US Construction Spending Unexpectedly Tumbles 1.8% In June
e Elsa Pataky & Chris Hemsworth Reveal Twins' Names & First Picture!
e Wiz Khalifa clipped for weed in West Texas
e Party Anthem Week on 'Dancing With The Stars,' Mon 8 pm
e Elisabeth Moss picks her most awkward make-out scene on Mad Men
e 15 Reasons You Should NEVER Make a Sex Tape
t Awesome video of the new Falcon reusable rocket launching and landing
m Coffee may raise colon cancer risk in men?
b US stocks slide following weak results from Whole Foods, Exxon and others; July  ...
b Dollar starts new quarter on the backfoot, Aussie eyes
t General Motors Reports June Sales; Customers Appear Unphased By Recalls
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's wedding: This is what we know so far
m Relayers hit the track to fight cancer
b Coach, Inc. (COH) Tops Q3 EPS by 7c
e Robin Thicke thanks Paula Patton in Billboard Music Awards acceptance speech  ...
e Amazon launches six new original TV programs
m Pet food retailer PetSmart says it will stop selling pet treats from China by early  ...
t Moto G gets updated with 4G model
b Earnings push market higher
t 5 most exciting features in Android L: performance enhancements
m Consumption Linked with Negative Behaviors
b UPDATE 1-Banks may give up govt debt dealerships, says BNP Paribas
b Hillshire shares surge on takeover bid from Pilgrim's Pride
t Driverless cars will be on British roads next year
e Will Smith, Jada Pinkett Under Child Services Scanner Over Daughter's Picture
b Slow to Cut Prices, Whole Foods Is Punished
m Paralysed patients regain movement after spinal implant – Study – By Sharon  ...
t LG Google Nexus 5 vs Samsung Galaxy Grand 2 – Battery Life, Display, Design  ...
m Gene therapy can reprogram heart muscle cells to act as biological pacemaker
m Babies can smell fear in stressed mothers
b ECB's Draghi says critics should not threaten bank's independence
b McDonald's Ruling Good News for Unions, Boeing to Build New 787 Dreamliner  ...
b Stocks flatten out after Fed delivers no surprises - Live5News.com | Charleston  ...
b Candy Crush Saga coming to China via online giant Tencent
t MP demands inquiry into secret psych tests on Facebook members
e Salma Hayek presses for return of kidnapped Nigerian schoolgirls at Cannes red  ...
t Existing Xbox One Controllers to Receive PC Support
b Jobless rates in Beaufort, Jasper counties in SC edge upward
t Heart Bleed test: Bug could affect Android Jelly Bean 4.1.1 users
t Conquring All: Android to enter Television, cars soon
b Shire Rejects AbbVie's $46 Billion Offer
t IPCC meet to detail global warming impact
e Why 'Jupiter Ascending' Premiere Date Got Pushed Back to Another Year!
b Washington DC taxi drivers join global protests against Uber ride-sharing service
b Platinum climbs on strike action, gold holds near $1290/oz
t Netflix Begins Streaming in 4K Ultra HD, Rolls Out $1 Price Hike for New  ...
m UK Scientists Slam Flu Drug In Ongoing Debate
b China's economy grows 7.4%
e Foo Fighters to release HBO doco series alongside new album
t New Apple Set-Top Box Hinted In Comcast/Time Warner Cable Filings
t Leahy Vows To Keep Net Neutrality
t All Abuzz: TweetDeck vulnerability exposed
e 'Transcendence' Director Wally Pfister on 'Frustrating' Technology and What  ...
t Obama: Japanese robots 'a little scary'
b GM expands ignition switch recall
e World's rarest stamp could fetch record auction price of $20m
e Brody Jenner Disses Kim Kardashian in a Major Way
m Skin cancer is on the rise in Canada
e Khloé Kardashian, French Montana Pregnant: Source Confirms If Couple Wants  ...
t Microsoft admits to huge vulnerability in Internet Explorer; ENISA says no quick  ...
e 'Divergent': the next 'Hunger Games' teen film smash?
e St. Louis remembers legendary actor Mickey Rooney
e Comic-Con 2014: Tons of Guardians of the Galaxy Content Coming to Xbox  ...
m Insulin pumps more effective than multiple daily injections in type II diabetics  ...
e Beyoncé tops Time's list of 100 most influential people of 2014
t Xbox One heading overseas, landing in China late September
b US stocks mixed as markets keep eye on Ukraine
b CORRECTED-UPDATE 1-Shire, AbbVie to announce $53 bln merger by Friday  ...
t iPhone 5S Is The World's Most Popular Smartphone
e All My Children Actor Matthew Cowles Dies at 69
e Johnny Depp confirms engagement
b EPA largely vindicated in Supreme Court decision
b Licensed Taxi Drivers go on strike as Uber claims 850% Growth
b Overnight Markets: Banking and technology stocks lead Wall Street down
b Uber app protests expected to bring central London to a standstill
m Have you had the 'sext' talk with your kids?
e 'Snow White and the Huntsman' & Kristen Stewart News 2014: Actress Not  ...
m Death toll from West Africa Ebola hits 337: WHO
e Gabriel Garcia Marquez, an influence 'all over the planet'
e 'Nothing more than a thrill kill': Humane Society asks Cleburne's Kendall Jones  ...
t PlayStation 4 Allegedly Getting Massive Performance Boost – PS4 Xbox One  ...
b Richard Branson's Virgin America Officially Files For IPO
m FDA Issuing First Regs On E-Cigs
m Marriage by genes: People choose spouse with similar DNA
b Eurozone Final Manufacturing PMI Due On Friday
b Lawmakers look to combat seafood fraud
b Video: Investigators eye pilots' actions in Asiana crash
t GM's Faulty Ignition Switch Made in China, Ikea Raises US Minimum Wage  ...
m Amoebas ate woman's eyeballs
t As luck would have it, full moon falls on Friday 13th
b American Airlines Not Listed On Orbitz Anymore
t HTC Goes “Blah Blah Blah” In The First HTC One M8 Ad
b House Natural Resources Committee Hearing
e Kourtney Kardashian is pregnant with her third child
t Twitter Inc (TWTR) launches redesigned user profiles for everyone
e 2014 Easter Message
e 24-year-old man arrested over attacks on Japan's girl group AKB48
b Justice probes GM response to ignition flaw
e 'How to Train Your Dragon 2': What the Critics Are Saying
t Samsung inflated Galaxy Tab sales, docs in Apple patent case show
m Summer BreakSpot feeding program continues to grow
t Sony Xperia Z2 Compact photo and specs leak online
t Google CEO Larry Page Wants Less Hour Workweek for Everyone
e Kim Kardashian tweets she's not married.. yet!
b France ready to buy stake in Alstom alongside MHI - union
e Syfy horror spoof 'Sharknado 2′ whipped up storm of viewers and tweets  ...
b Abandon strike asks employers
e Kendall Jenner shocks on red carpet
b Vodafone to buy Cobra Automotive for €145 million
b Detroit makes deal with retired police officers, firefighters
e Michael Jackson to Deliver More New Music From Beyond the Grave
b Herbalife probed by FBI and U.S. prosecutors
b Volatility Index Reflects Investor Fears of Stock Plunge
b Microsoft beats estimates in first quarter, profit jumps on cloud biz
t NASA launches carbon-tracking satellite
b Gold Prices Retreat Ahead Of Yellen Testimony
b Here Are Three Huge Mergers To Start The Week
m Saudi MERS death toll rises to 126
t Heartbleed 101: How To Protect Yourself Against Biggest Internet Security Threat
e In a Message, Terry Richardson Allegedly Offered Photo Shoot for Sex
t LG G3 hands on
t iTunes and app sales projected to grow to 20% of Apple profit by 2020
e FEATURE-'Dawn of Planet of Apes' marks digital lib for actors
t Travel Back In Time With Historic Google Street View Images
e Rocker Richards shows his softer side
b Pfizer makes $100B bid to buy AstraZeneca
t World Trade Center mystery ship explained
m FAST FACTS AFRICA: Gabon
b Gallup Reports US Unemployment at 6.9% in June
t Hit by Heartbleed, tech giants pledge donations to OpenSSL
b Luxury wars: Etihad rolls out bed-and-bath airline suites
e 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' brings the franchise back from the brink
e Taylor Swift cancels concert in Thailand
t Amazon Appstore grows to more than 240000 apps
e Brad Pitt attacked by serial prankster Vitalii Sediuk at Angelina Jolie's 'Maleficent  ...
m India should remain vigilant against polio: President
b Disney – Earnings Tonight
t iPhone 6 with 'rounder and thinner' design, 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens may  ...
t Cape Canaveral rocket launch successful
m Palbociclib shows promising results in patients with hormone receptor-positive  ...
e 'The Bachelor' Finale: See Pics Of Juan Pablo's Shocking Choice
e 'Hobbit: Battle of the Five Armies' trailer lights up the Internet
b Comcast blamed for Netflix slowdown
e Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Are Back In New York, Did You Hear Who She  ...
b International markets roundup
t IBM and Apple partnership to sell iPhones, push iOS apps to businesses
t Why Microsoft Should Kill the Surface Tablet
t Nonexistent Guy Holds Australian iDevices For Virtual Ransom
e Don't Let Gwyneth Paltrow Incite a Mommy War
e Kim Kardashian Has Better Comments On Race Than Most Republicans
b Merged Trulia, Zillow to corner $12 billion ad spending by real estate agents
t GM Puts the Brakes on Cruze, Its Most Popular Car
b Amazon turns lower post-earnings
b McDonald's Workers Arrested at Protest Near Its Headquarters
e Demi Lovato Unfollows Selena Gomez on Twitter: 'Swimming away from the b  ...
t Rogers Website Mistakenly Lists The New HTC One M8 Up For Reservation  ...
b Budget 2014: Carbon tax cut could mean lower energy bills
b Feds grant extra time to enroll for Obamacare
e Pharrell Williams' 'Happy' makes it four weeks at the top
t Toyota to pay $1.2B to settle criminal probe
e Apes actors worthy of awards, director argues
t Profile: The 50 Year Limited Edition 2015 Ford Mustang
m GLOBAL HEALTH EMERGENCY TO STEM POTENTIAL RESURGENCE OF  ...
t Facebook launches automatic TV and music recognition into apps
e Paris tourists share picnics with rats at the Louvre
t Protesters interrupt keynote Google speech
e Bob Dylan lyrics for 'Like a Rolling Stone' sell for RM6.4m
e REVIEW: Jenny Lewis Is Out of This World on The Voyager
t PlayStation in 3D: Sony announces virtual reality headset for immersive gaming
t Google appoints fashion industry veteran Ivy Ross as new head of Glass
e Let's face it, Sharknado 2 is the future of television
m E-cigarette gains popularity
b FED FOCUS-For eventual tightening, Fed to signal slow rate rises
t Google begins yanking news articles in Europe
t Why Microsoft announced it will eliminate up to 18000 jobs
b US STOCKS-Wall St gains as small-caps rally; biotech lifts Nasdaq
m Haagen-Dazs recalls ice cream over mislabeling
e 'Walking Dead' Season 4 Deaths Revealed! Daryl, Beth And Others Face  ...
t Google Glass Explorer Edition goes on sale in the UK for £1000
b Symantec Corporation (NASDAQ:SYMC) Appoints Michael Brown As Its Interim  ...
e Jack Reynor hits red carpet in Berlin
t Google I/O 2014 Livestream: Where To Watch Keynote And Main Conferences  ...
b GM to create jobs, invest $450 million for new Chevy Volt
b Mt. Gox finds 200K missing bitcoins
b The Worst Things Are the Things That "Everybody Knows"
e #ICYMI: Bieber Back with Selena And Formally Charged In Egging Case
b Greece returns to bond markets, says end of bailout nears
m How Do You Test For Ebola? Very Very Carefully
e 'Magic Mike 2' Cast: Zac Efron 'Would Definitely Be Interested' To Play One Of  ...
b All change at the Bank of England
t Virgin Galactic partners with New Mexico hotel to house its elite passengers
t California Senate Now Passes Smartphone Kill-Switch Bill
e The Associated Press
t NASA's moon-orbiting robot crashes down as planned; likely vaporized on  ...
t Office for iPad unveiled
b Google shares fall after company misses on quarterly profit number
b Obamacare Survives, Now Can It Be Fixed?
t Certificate Revocation Slow for Heartbleed Servers
e Easter Sunday: The Resurrection of the Lord Jesus Christ
e Chris Brown Releases First Song Since Jail — Listen To 'New Flame'
e BAFTA TV Awards 2014: Who's going to triumph? - live blog
t Microsoft rushes to fix security flaw in Explorer web browser
t US urges businesses to share cyber threat data
t Azure Rebranding: Microsoft To Drop Windows Moniker In Favor Of Microsoft
b Warren Buffett Defends High CEO Pay: It's Not 'Out Of Whack'
t Comcast, Time Warner and Congress deserve each other
m Mers cases in decline, but vigilance urged for haj: WHO
t FOR LIBERTY
e Cameron Diaz, Jason Segel let their 'Sex Tape' leak in red-band trailer
m Placenta Gives Girl Babies Winning Edge in Survival Battle
m Debbie Gibson Opens Up About Her Ongoing Battle With Lyme Disease! Get  ...
e Super couple Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt to star in new film together
m Red Wine and Chocolate Do Not Have Health Benefits: Study
b Gold trades below $1300 on U.S. rate hike fears
e Made in America Festival Returns to Philly
b AAA: Gas prices fall 11 cents over past week
t Turky's Erdogan lashes out during speech
b SEP and Detroit Workers Inquiry to hold meeting April 23 to oppose water shutoffs
b Ryanair to remove 'hidden' opt out from travel insurance menu
b Minnesota farmers intend to plant more soybeans
t Warmist Group Admits Obama's CO2 Restrictions Are Pointless
t Facebook. Are social networks manipulating us? What do you think?
m More Pot, Less Crime: Medical Marijuana States See Drops in Assaults and  ...
e 'November Man' script undercuts Pierce Brosnan's performance
e GOING TO THE CHAPEL
m How one dad's heartbreaking Reddit request brought out the best in the internet
m New dementia support campaign launches in England
e Selfie-Obsessed Kim Kardashian Refuses To Stop Sharing Photos
t Google creates Maps time machine
m WHAT IS THE US GOVERNMENT DOING TO PREVENT WEST AFRICA'S  ...
b Tim Hortons Lowered to “Market Perform” at BMO Capital Markets (THI)
b Quiznos files for Chapter 11
t HTC One Mini 2 will have only one camera according to leaked photos
e Rapper Jumps Off Second Story of His Apartment Building, But What He  ...
e Good and Bad News for Christmas & Easter Christians: A Little Friday Funny
e Actor apologizes for anti-gay slur
b Are Home Sales Signaling Trouble for the Housing Recovery?
e HBO to Allow Amazon to Stream Older Shows--Update
t Google Exec Promises "We Are Still Invested in Nexus"
e Miranda Lambert Opts For "Easy Living" and a Healthier Life
b Articles tagged with: Airbus A380
b Deutsche Bank head of FX to retire
b Google Inc Likes This Investment Option
e First Look: Zack Snyder Teases New Batmobile
e Film review - Transformers: Age of Extinction
e Six Additional Dates Show Demand Is Strong For Lady Gaga Tickets and ArtPop  ...
e Female celebrities' images are easy to tarnish
e Recap: NBC The Voice Season 6 – The Battle Rounds Part 2 + Videos
b WattUp recharges devices without wires or charging pads, and it has a new deal  ...
t Cramer: Apple Wins Again
e 14 incredibly important pics of Beyoncé and Jay Z being the perfect couple at
t Halo 5: Female Spartan In Release Date Photo Is Cortana Or Sarah Palmer?
m Internet posters help couple see their daughter in a special way
t Spotify Still Blows Away Beats Music, Which Apple Is Trying To Buy As Part Of A  ...
m Kick Butts Day
t TweetDeck Was Hacked — And This Tweet Is Getting Retweeted Over And Over  ...
e Man fatally shot at Detroit's Cinco de Mayo parade
m Sierra Leone News : London Mining supports public education campaign on  ...
b Erdoğan's government blocks access to Twitter ahead of local vote
b Oracle Posts Profit Increase, But Wall Street Not Moved
e 'American Idol' 2014 Spoilers: AI Season 13 'Finals Week 9 – Top 6 Sings  ...
e Ed Sheeran to learn to 'booty clap'?
e Reese Witherspoon Goes From Pink To Plunging At Rihanna's Met Gala After  ...
b WWE stocks bodyslammed, Vince McMahon no longer a billionaire
b Target Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages (NYSE  ...
t GM recalls another 3.4 million vehicles
b eRetail-Race: Snapdeal does a Flipkart, launches mobile app for customers
t Samsung announces prices for new wearables; Gear Fit at $197, Gear 2 at $295
e The Rolling Stones Confirm Israel Concert After Postponing '14 On Fire' Tour
e Justin Bieber Shares Hilarious Video of Tom Hanks Dancing at Wedding  ...
b 24 marijuana shop licenses issued by Washington State
e Johnny Manziel and Justin Bieber Party Together; Cops Called
m Kathleen Sebelius Celebrates Leading HHS 'During the Most Historic of Times'
b Gold Holds Decline From Three-Month High on US Rates Outlook
e Elle Fanning Talks Angelina Jolie And Playing Princess Aurora In 'Maleficent'
e Lorde Meets Her 'Royals' Muse
e Watch Emma Stone Lip Sync Battle Jimmy Fallon with Iggy Azalea, DJ Khaled  ...
b Wall St slips to snap six-day rally; biotechs weak
e Peaches Geldof's Post-Mortem Date Announced To Confirm Cause Of Death
t Apple and IBM team up to conquer the enterprise market, and crush Microsoft  ...
e I think North was conceived in Florence: Kanye West
b McDonald's, KFC Receive Low Score in Fast-Food Poll
t Skype Translator provides instantaneous translations for videoconferences
m Hepatitis vaccinations continue for those exposed at Springfield Red Robin
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Vs iPad Air specs
m Ticks Thrive Despite Harsh Winter
b Upper Salmon River public fishing rights in trouble? DEC responds to rumor
e Batman: Arkham Knight Batmobile Trailer Released
t Millions of eBay accounts hacked, users advised to change passwords
e VIDEO: The Rolling Stones Return To The Stage
e Hollywood pals Paul Rudd and Jon Hamm started off as love rivals
b ECB's Draghi: the strong euro could require policy action
b U.S. productivity fell at 1.7% rate in Q1
e The Biebs is back! Justin Bieber grilled by US customs, let go
b Obamacare enrollment deadline not changing in Connecticut
m Guinea faces Ebola epidemic on unprecedented scale
b HP to Cut Another 15000 Jobs As Turnaround Continues
t Supermoon is here
e Patriarchal Encyclical for Holy Pascha
e Jenny Lewis Recruits Anne Hathaway, Kristen Stewart, And Brie Larson For  ...
t Microsoft vows to appeal court order to turn over email from Ireland data center
e L'wren Scott - L'Wren Scott's sister fumes over Los Angeles burial
m Bariatric Surgery Reduces Uterine Cancer Risk
b Bank of America profit falls 43% on legal charges
t Google preparing Android TV launch? Leaked details emerge
t Gartner: Tablet shipments to top PCs by 2015
e Potato salad Kickstarter raises over $23000 and counting
t PHOTOS: Best Blood Moon pics
e The Amazing Spider-Man 2 Movie Review
b Starbucks To Update iOS App With New Design, Digital Tipping And 'Shake To  ...
t Rotherham charity to host Mad Hatter's ball
m Panda may have faked pregnancy for buns
e Parental guide: PG (cartoon violence)
t No more Facebook? Mark Zuckerberg has a vision says Ben Horowitz
e University: Poet, author Maya Angelou dies at 86
e Miley Cyrus hospitalised after suffering severe allergic reaction, cancels show
b Thousands Gather To Run Evil Imp Out Of Town During Annual March du Nain  ...
e Who Wins the Bachelor 2014: Did Juan Pablo Get Engaged to Nikki?
t Acquisition of Oculus VR announced by Mark Zuckerberg , the leader in virtual  ...
m April is Donate Life Month
e Producer William Orbit defends Britney Spears over leaked studio session
t Comparing Google Wear Smartwatches
e Lead Actress Drops Out Of Aaliyah Biopic
t Wal-Mart permanently drops the price of the iPhone 5c, 5s
b US stocks dip on weak China, Japan data
m SLO and SB Counties rank in top 20 healthiest counties in California
e Cinema Chat: Gary Oldman's Playboy Rant, Transformers And More
e Justin Bieber Compares Crash To Diana Death
b EUR/USD Fundamental Analysis April 2, 2014 Forecast
t Facebook's Paper app is looking less and less like Facebook
t Apple's Cook confident about TV business
b China's June trade surplus up 16.4% to $31.6 billion: govt
e Nicki Minaj Used Last Night's Awards To Throw Shade At Iggy Azalea While  ...
e Rob Kardashian Hits Gym! Picture
t Google teams up with Novartis to develop its smart glucose-tracking contact lens  ...
b Hillshire Brands looks beyond meat products with Pinnacle acquisition at $4.23  ...
t Microsoft Surface Pro 3: Find out what critics are saying about the 12-inch tablet
e Mila Kunis: No painkillers during labor
m Omaha songwriter releases CDs of gay love songs
e Thanos And His Future In The Marvel Cinematic Universe
e Brittny Gastineau 'Scared' & 'Traumatized' After Dust-Up With Boyfriend  ...
b Wisconsin Energy Corp. to buy Integrys in $9.1 billion deal
e Must See HDTV for the week of March 31st: HIMYM finale, Game of Thrones  ...
t Federal report says global warming disrupting lives and costing money in the US
b German Ifo business morale falls in June weighed by Ukraine, Iraq
e Cliff Richard 'disappointed' to have gig with Morrissey cancelled
t 5 LGBT things you need to know today, March 31
t GOG Summer Sale
b Honduras losing hope of survivors among 8 trapped in gold mine
b (CNW) Philips and Salesforce.com announce a strategic alliance to deliver cloud  ...
t GM Recalls 3.16 Million More Vehicles to Fix Ignition Switches
b Options available for late tax filers
b Zynga Names David Lee as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer
t Cheaper iPhone 5C 8GB Arriving In Apple Store This Week?
t Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 family going up for pre-order in the US tomorrow  ...
m Moms who give birth later may live longer: study
e Blushing bride? Olivia Palermo emerges with no wedding ring in sight after  ...
e Whedon releasing film for digital download
t U.N. report spells out super-hard things we must do to curb warming
m Here's How Africa's Unprecedented Ebola Outbreak Started
t Are Wearables Dead?
b Euro at new lows
m Agricultural pesticides raise risk of autism in unborn children
t Zebra's black and white stripes makes it HARDER for flies to land on their skin
e Celebrities boycott Brunei-owned hotels over syariah law
b Washington Post: Russia's Gazprom cuts gas to Ukraine in a new phase of their  ...
e Vanessa Minnillo Pregnant Again, Expecting Second Child With Nick Lachey
e UK film veteran Richard Attenborough dead at 90
e Chris Pine sentenced in New Zealand for drunk driving
e 'Scandal' star Columbus Short says intoxication arrest was 'misunderstanding'
e Conan's Top Monologue Moments From The MTV Movie Awards
e Irish actor Domhnall Gleeson confirmed for STAR WARS episode VII
e Lindsay Lohan Shocker: I Had a Miscarriage
m Saudi Arabia Mers death toll surges to 282: Ministry
m Kirkland Police and DEA Take Back prescription drugs at free April 26 event
e 'Tonight We Celebrate The Life Of The Ultimate Warrior': Watch The WWE's  ...
b Dingy Harry Blames GOP for Abramson Firing
e Sci-fi drama 'Extant' pregnant with possibility
e Nick Cannon's preacher father posts cryptic messages about relationships amid  ...
e Weekend Box Office Results: The Winter Soldier retains top slot
m There's Some Pretty Bad News for Men With Beards
m Hally Hust, 9-Year-Old Kansas Girl, Killed By Brain-Eating Amoeba
m Ex-Beth Israel Pharmacy Director Allegedly Stole $5.6 Million In Oxycodone
t Washington, April 11: An international team of astronomers claimed on Thursday  ...
e Harvard study: Tests indicate controversial 'Jesus' wife' text likely ancient document
e Captain America: The Winter Soldier Remains No. 1 Movie for Third Weekend in  ...
t Google's Nest smoke alarm recalled
t Microsoft cuts 18000 jobs as Nadella streamlines for cloud
b US stocks erase earlier losses and end higher
e Simon Cowell doesn't want 'celebrity judge' on X Factor
t FCC Chairman Circulates TV Spectrum Auction Rules
b No respite for dollar after rough week
e 'Orphan Black's' Jordan Gavaris talks Felix
t Gore, Obama and Socialist LibDems Back on Big Lies Again
e Game Of Thrones Season 4 Finale: The Children Recap With Spoilers
m Sector Update: Healthcare
b ConAgra Foods Announces Fiscal 2014 EPS Below Plan, Reduces EPS Goals  ...
e Watch: Girl devastated her baby brother will grow up
e Transformers: Age of Extinction (Paramount Pictures, PG-13)
t Electric car company Tesla has released ALL its patents to the public
b Cash Is King No More: Mobile Money and the Future of Business
e New Intimate Pictures of Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Wedding Surface, Baby  ...
b Gold Under Pressure After China Data
e Hollywood Files Massive Copyright Infringement Lawsuit Against Megaupload
b New-Home Sales Hit 6-Year High
e Kim Kardashian Goes Back to Blonde Hair - See Her New Look!
b Fed bond buying should end in October: Fisher
e The hottest night in the South of France as Victoria's Secret supermodels strut  ...
b Credit Suisse to pay $885m over US mortgage bonds
b Quiet correction: 17% of S&P 500 stocks down 10%
t AT&T First to Confirm Samsung Galaxy Tab S Range – Launch Dates and Prices  ...
b Michael Lewis's high-speed journalism
m Local Walgreens to offer free HIV testing Friday
t Global warming is developing faster, leaving people not much to do to stop it  ...
e Katy Perry, Robin Thicke, Lorde set for Billboard Awards
b Juniper's revenue rises as telecom clients ramp up networks
t Android 4.4.2 KitKat Update For Samsung Galaxy Note 2 Still Hasn't Rolled Out  ...
m Dr Sheikh Umar Khan dies of lethal Ebola virus in Sierra Leone
b HSBC China Manufacturing PMI
t First living thing with 'alien' DNA created in the lab: We are now officially playing  ...
e CANNES+WATCH%3A+Hayek%27s+nod%2C+Baruchel%27s+%27Star+Wars  ...
e MOVIE REVIEW: 'Draft Day' tries to be more than a football movie
b Mortgage Rates Move Up After Two Straight Declines on Freddie Mac Survey
t Winooski 5th Grader Wins the VT Doodle 4 Google Competition Nomination
t Our review of the Moto G: Phone value with awesome specs
e VH1 Orders Nicole Richie Reality Series
b 2U, Inc Added to the Russell 2000 and 3000 Indexes
m Chattem looks to launch Cialis over the counter
e Kim Kardashian Marrying Kanye West This Week?!
m California sugary drink warning label effort fails
b Unemployment rates for the counties of eastern Alabama in January.
t T-Mobile Accused of Making Money From Bogus Billing
e 'True Blood' season 7, episode 3 airs tonight: How'll Pam motivate Eric?
b Virgin America says it's won 2 gates at Dallas Love Field from DOJ
t Crows Understand a Fundamental Part of Logical Reasoning
e Spotify now offers US college students half-price music streaming (updated)
e The Walking Dead season 5: Answers are coming, says Robert Kirkman
e Gregg Allman sues to stop production on 'Midnight Rider' after tragic accident
t Samsung announces new Galaxy Tab S line of tablets
e Happy Cinco de Mayo: The Guns of the Battle of Puebla
e 'Dancing With The Stars' Season 18, Week 9: Dance By Dance Recap
m Doctors Offer Tips On How To Prevent Lyme Disease
t NASA to launch satellite to track global warming after 2009 failure
t You Shouldn't Be So Quick To Applaud OKCupid As Gay Crusaders For Calling  ...
e Drake jokes about Johnny Manziel doing shrooms (Video)
t Ex-Microsoft Evangelist Thinks They Should Drop Windows Phone For Android
e North Korea Rep Slams Seth Rogen & James Franco's 'The Interview'
e Michael Jackson's son opens up about his late father
b Drones unearth more details about Chaco culture
m Even our genetics show we have to look beyond ourselves
b Boeing says final assembly of its 787-10 jetliner will take plane in South Carolina  ...
e EASTER – A TIME FOR HOPE!
e Deryck Whibley blames month-long hospital stay on heavy drinking
b Farewell, Grand Caravan: Why I'll miss this minivan
t Google in talks to buy stake in Virgin space tourism business
e Image of Australian 'TMNT' poster pulled from social media
e Dorchester Hotels face boycott over Sharia law in Brunei
t Canada Blames China for Data Breach
b Ikea to pay its workers a living wage
b Shocking footage shows women running for lives as train approaches
t Microsoft to Close $7.2 billion Nokia Deal April 25
m Ebola Haemorrhagic Fever in Guinea (Situation as of 25 March 2014)
t NASA Unveils Mosaic of More Than 36000 Pictures
e Mark Ruffalo Hints That Ben Affleck's Jealousy Is Reason He's Not Friends With  ...
m Recent Big-Data Struggles Are 'Birthing Pains,' Researchers Say
e Cinco de Mayo Mexico Hangout
e Olivia Wilde loves being pregnant
b Economy continues its sub par recovery
b A bit of bad news
t Christmas is creeping up on the former young Turks: why Net Neutrality cannot  ...
t This case has more to do with Android software than Samsung's hardware
b Pace Of Home Construction Slips
b Oil prices mixed in Asia
b Bankrate: Mortgage Rates Continue to Drop
e Teen tweeter arrested in Netherlands after terrorism joke to US airline
b Facebook Inc. Says "Game On!"
t Money Clip: Facebook vs. Snapchat?
e James Franco: My selfies get a lot of attention
b A Credit Breach at the DMV?
m Woman Battles Alleged Body Shaming For Excess Skin
m Mass. discarding broken ObamaCare site
b VIDEO: Dog that can read teaches kids how to read
t Amazon App Store's “Epic Summer App Bundle” Promotion Offers $100 Worth of  ...
m Energy drinks linked with teenage smoking; couch potatoes
b Argentina in debt default, after no deal with creditors
b Corker to make news on gas tax today GMs Barra, Valukas on the Hill Senate  ...
t It's Time to Champion for Data Rights – No Matter Who You Are
t Facebook testing out new “Buy” button
t Apple Teams Up With Long-Time Tech Rival IBM
e HBO went ahead and gave Game Of Thrones two more seasons
t Google's YouTube to buy streaming-video site Twitch for $1.25 billion
m Elizabeth Summers: Relay for Life seeks the cure for cancer
e 'The Bachelorette' spoilers: Andi Dorfman, Josh Murray, Nick Viall, and the future
e Walter signs off from daily TV with final 'View'
e Shia LaBeouf Arrested, Adding To Catalogue Of Legal Troubles. Check Out The  ...
t The Next Samsung Galaxy Cameraphone Leaks
e America Ferrera Laughs Off Red Carpet Scare, Didn't Know What Was Happening
t LHC Uncovers New Higgs Boson Decay Mechanism
t Mars rover Opportunity breaks the off-world driving record
m Dr. Max Gomez: High Pollen Counts Could Cause Spike In Asthma Cases
b South Korean stocks end down after worst day in almost 2 weeks
e 'Interstellar' Nolan's nod to childhood at movies
t Tech Test: Laptop features costly in new Samsung tablet
e Cheryl Burke reveals 15lbs weight loss, six years after hurtful 'fat' jibes left her in  ...
t Nest opens its APIs to developers and hackers
e 'The Voice' determines six "Battles: Round Two" winners, two artists get stolen
t HeartBleed Bug Exposes Millions of Passwords
b US stocks finish lower as GoPro soars
t Skype: Translating you in real time
e Mick Jagger and friends pay tribute to L'Wren Scott at LA funeral
t Nokia X2 vs Nokia X: What's new?
b Hyundai Motor first-quarter profit unchanged; misses estimates
t Court overturns Google's previous win in battle over using Oracle's Java APIs in  ...
t Japanese whaling ruled 'not scientific'
t Xperia Z2 vs HTC One M8
e Beyonce covers Time magazine's 100 Most Influential People issue - with  ...
m Wikipedia Articles on Medical Conditions Riddled With Errors
e Reality TV star Benzino shot during mother's funeral procession: officials
e Justin Bieber Shares Selena Gomez Pic, Lashes Out At Paparazzi
b Indiana jobless rate drops to 6.1% in February
b Taco Bell Recruits Ronald McDonalds To Pitch New Breakfast Menu
t Netflix Slams Comcast for Not Supporting Net Neutrality
e UPDATE 1-'Hunger Games: Catching Fire' sweeps MTV Movie Awards
e 'Midnight Rider' Filmmakers Charged With Death Of Camera Assistant
e Marvel Comics Recasts Thor As A Woman
b Xaar plunges, Shire rises & FTSE falls as inflation drops
m Young blood transfusions may slow aging, cure Alzheimer's disease - WOAH!
e Nia Vardalos and John Corbett Confirmed for 'My Big Fat Greek Wedding' Sequel
b Hertz to spin off equipment rental business for $2.5 bln
t Nike Denies FuelBand Shutdown, but Layoffs Could Reveal New Cracks in  ...
e Apparently Brittany Murphy, Who Died 4 Years Ago, Has A New Movie Coming Out
e Miley Cyrus Straddles A Horse Statue Naked: See The (Obviously NSFW  ...
b Marijuana hits the shelves as Washington readies to start legal sales
e Stevie Nicks Is Joining 'The Voice' As An Adviser
e Taylor Swift Celebrates Fourth With Celeb Pals Emma Stone, Lena Dunham and  ...
e Martin Freeman on why he normally would have turned down 'Fargo'
b Business in 90 Seconds
e Film Fashion at Wizard World 2014
e Dozens taken to hospital, 80 treated after Avicii concert in Boston
e Anna Kendrick Is A "Nasty Girl" In SNL Song Parody
e James Brown biopic, opening Aug. 1, has its work cut out
t Report: NSA Knew of, And Exploited, Heartbleed Bug for Two Years
e Stephen Colbert Destroys His Show's Twitter Account After Controversy
t eBay breach data for sale, believed a fraud
b Volkswagen says no M&A projects on agenda, denies report on Fiat talks
e Khloe Kardashian Defends Kendall and Kylie Jenner from Selena Gomez in  ...
b Weekly Update: S&P 500 Earnings Continue To Grow
b Chrysler's new hybrid crossover could potentially be built in Windsor: CEO
t Documents point to “Android TV,” Google's latest bid for the living room
e Channing Tatum Confirms Talks to Play Gambit in "X-Men" Film
e Khloe Kardashian Spotted Out With French Montana Again
t Google Glass Just Got A LOT Less Creepy
b Procter & Gamble to focus on top performers, shed up to 100 brands
e Croatian Church Preventing Shooting Of Lena Headey Nude Scene In Game of  ...
t Review: Samsung Galaxy Note Pro 12.2-inch tablet from Verizon
b Arizona may allow Tesla sales
t GM Recalls 3.4M More Cars for Ignition Problems
e 'Star Wars Episode 7′ Filming Is Already Underway; Casting Not Complete
t Alfa Romeo 4C to spearhead marque's return to the US
e Preggie Eva Mendes glows at 40
t Xbox One June update adds external storage support, real names, auto sign-in
t Google's Brin: Individual car ownership needs to go
t Apple, Samsung, mobile carriers to debut anti-theft kill switch in 2015
t Twitter Cribbing From Facebook's Old Playbook
e Hornball Carson Daly Wants to Know If Pippa Middleton Has a Boyfriend
b GE offer for Alstom has improved, French official says
t Apple, Google Settle Motorola Patent Dispute But Broader Issues Remain
b Box's $250M IPO: What Does It Mean For The Channel?
e Kanye West not in Kim Kardashian Vogue selfie pic: Is Kanye a vampire?
e 5 Spider-Man retcons way dumber than Original Sin could possibly be
e Brittny Gastineau Sporting Black Eye After Alleged Beatdown At Hollywood Hotel
e DiCaprio, Stone and celebs raise $35M for AIDS - WFSB 3 Connecticut
t GM recalls over 450000 more vehicles, some in...
m Minnesota still tops in senior health
b Apparently Not a Fire Risk, Coke Says Will Stop Using Fire Retardant Chemical  ...
e Taylor Swift skirts Thailand after coup d'etat
b More Ohioans Expect To Travel For Memorial Day Weekend
t Mercedes and Infiniti to Announce Joint Production of Compact Cars in Mexico  ...
t Samsung Announces Stylish Accessories Range For Galaxy S5
m Saudi king visits Jeddah as two more die of Mers
b US Stocks Slip On Signs Of Weakness In China
e Jack White Debuts 'High Ball Stepper,' Lazaretto Album Details [Fresh Vid]
e 'Game of Thrones' Recap: Tyrion's Champion and a Moon Door Surprise
b Pfizer attempts to allay takeover concerns in Britain
t UN Climate Change Experts Say it Won't Cost Much to Reverse Global Warming  ...
e Fireworks rules: Education key to safe, (relatively) peaceful July 4th
t New light shed on climate crisis
t Would you buy a driverless car? No, say 66% of Brits
e NFL wants $16.6 million from MIA over Super Bowl halftime show stunt
e Love triangle gets ugly: Selena, Justin, Kylie
e Paul Walker to receive tribute at 2014 MTV Movie Awards
t BlackBerry hopes budget phone will save business
e Justin Bieber Instagrammed Tom Hanks Dancing
b Credit Suisse pleads guilty to tax evasion, will pay $2.5 bn fine to US
t Facebook wants to beam Internet from the sky
b Obamacare enrollment deadline looms. Will it reach its seven million goal?
e 'Moms' Night Out' Stars Talk Thrills & Spills of Parenthood
e Ryan Gosling will make his directorial debut at Cannes Film Festival
t Apple has no Heart (bleed)
b US projects $179B profit from Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac
t NSA spying: Tactics include Facebook fakery, spam and more, report says
e Peaches Geldof and the new, hyper-experience of mortality
e Keeping Up with the Kardashians: Kanye West to install in-house hospital
e Matthew Tolmach: Spider-Man a 'crown jewel'
m What's the worst place in the world to be a mother?
e 'Bachelor' Sex Scandal: How Many Girls Did Juan Pablo Sleep With?
e Choppy 'Get On Up' has some gold record moments
b Burger King, Tim Hortons Deal Has Big Brand Implications Beyond Taxes
b US job openings slip in March after strong gains
m Problems keep plaguing exchanges, Medicaid
t Low-Cost iMac May Scrap Mac Mini, iMac WWDC 2014 Rumors: Broadwell Chip  ...
b Fed moves economic goalposts
t Google Glass is your neighbourhood surgeon!
e Ice Cube Says He Was 'Robbed' by Paul Walker at the MTV Movie Awards
e SXSW Film Review: 'Chef'
b Food, housing costs rise sharply in March; overall inflation low
e St. Patrick's Day: Three different recipes for perfect Corned Beef
b Wall Street shrugs as global markets sink
m Adorable Two-Year-Old Amputee Has GOT This [VIDEO]
t Dr. Dre and Jimmy Iovine may show up as new Apple hires at WWDC 14
t Apple's 'halo effect' lives on
t New Horizons Spacecraft to Help Scientists Find Clues of Ancient Ocean on  ...
e Hilary Duff says split from Mike Comrie has been 'very difficult'
b President Obama to speak Friday at Mountain View Walmart
e Gordon Willis, Man Behind 'Godfather' Cinematography, Dies at 82
e Scarlett Johansson will get married after baby's birth!
e After filming second biopic, Chadwick Boseman seeks brand-new bag
e The Situation Charged in Fight at New Jersey Tanning Salon
t AT&T plans to bring fiber to 100 US cities
t With Office for iPad Microsoft finally 'gets' the iPad business user
e Tracy Morgan improving in hospital, medical team are optimistic
b China accuses US of 'hypocrisy and double standards'
b Is Microsoft Office for iPad too little too late?
e Cameron Diaz On 'Sex Tape' Nude Scenes: 'It's A First For Me'
m Can an app keep you sober?
b European Stocks Rise After Second Weekly Gain on Draghi Comments
e Captain America's "To-Do List" is different depending on the country
e 'Midnight Rider' indictment: Sarah Jones' death highlights safety on the set  ...
e Fleetwood Mac Just Made a Big Announcement: Let's Celebrate With These  ...
t Report: Heartbleed bug strikes Cisco, Juniper products
e Miley Cyrus - Miley Cyrus' car stolen
e Engaged 'Survivor' Contestant Caleb Bankston Dies in Tragic Railroad Accident
e Zendaya Pulls Out Of Lifetime's Aaliyah Biopic
t Honda, others recall nearly 3M vehicles
b Going Retro – the Double Tree Resort and Spa Becomes Grand Lodge at Brian  ...
t Downloading coupons could cost a consumer's right to sue in court
b Iraq crisis forces oil price above $114 p/b
e Zach Galifianakis & Louis CK Team Up For New FX Comedy Series
t Ebay To Be Investigated By UK, EU And US Authorities Over Data Breach
e Top 10 Financial Gurus Better Than Colbert to Replace Letterman
m Topless Florida Woman Destroying McDonald's Caught on Video
e `Transformers 4` earns USD 53.8 million at box office
e 'Full House' revival in the works at Warner Bros. Television
e Mad Men 7.05 Review: “The Runaways”
b EPA gets mixed ruling in greenhouse gases case
e Robin Thicke Reveals New Plan To Win Back Estranged Wife Paula Patton At  ...
t Study: Ancient gene aids Tibetans with high altitude
t Brean Capital Sees Multiple Challenges Ahead For DirecTV
e NPH Addresses Speculation He Could Replace Letterman
t What Does Opening-Up Of Patents Mean To Tesla Motors (TSLA)?
m Whooping cough epidemic declared in California
e There's a Lot More Than 80 Apes in the New Dawn of the Planet of the Apes Spot
e 'Game of Thrones' Season 4, Episode 3 Review, Spoilers: Controversial 'Rape  ...
e 'Dancing with the Stars' 2014: Purdy injured, Leakes leaves
t 'Supermoon' coming to a sky near you this Saturday, and it's the first of three this  ...
b German Market Declines Amid Iraq Violence
e Nicki Minaj Has Wardrobe Malfunction At VMAs
t Microsoft Office for iPad app boosts productivity and brings simplicity to Apple's  ...
e Instant Index: Beyoncé Tops Time Magazine's 2014 '100 Most Influential People  ...
m Malaria Vaccine Development Underway
t $500m is committed by Activision towards Destiny game
e added a new link
e Disneynature gets up close and personal and cute with “Bears”
m Children's Hospital admits mistakes in providing information about fungal outbreak
b Case-Shiller: Home prices drop for third consecutive month
b Reports: Reynolds American In Advanced Talks To Buy Lorillard
e Fun facts on Shakespeare's 450th birthday: He coined 3000 new words
e Easter events 2014 (updated 0418-14)
m Meditating for 25 minutes per day dramatically reduces stress
e Secret Service Threatened To Kill Mr. Met, Former Mascot A.J. Mass Says  ...
e Walking Dead Creator Scott Gimple: Season 5 Will be 'Nuclear'
t Vote now! Summerville student in the running for the Doodle 4 Go - WCBD-TV  ...
b Chiquita, Fyffes Agree to $1.07 Billion Merger Deal -- 2nd Update
e The 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' Trailer Is Here
m U.S. health care system ranks lowest in int'l survey
t UN scientists see grim future if no action
b Delays after Channel Tunnel train breaks down
b Wells Fargo's 30 yr FRM Jumps to 4.625%, PHH Climbs a Little to 4.330  ...
m US ranked last in healthcare quality survey
b PRECIOUS-Gold little changed, awaiting Fed meeting and US jobs data
m High Cholesterol Could Reduce Couple's Fertility Chances
b Ukraine parliament fails in first bid to support law for IMF deal
e Freddie Prinze Jr: Kiefer Sutherland Made Me Want To Quit Acting
e Scandal Actor Charged With Felony After Assault
m Higher Autism Numbers May Not Mean An Actual Increase In Kids
m Cameron: UK to lead superbug fight
t US proposes pay-for-priority Internet standards - KWWL - Eastern Iowa Breaking  ...
b UPDATE 1-Bank of America's financial crisis costs become a recurring nightmare
m Sexting can pose risky behavior in tweens and teens
e Reality Steve teases 'The Bachelor 2014' spoilers: Juan Pablo still with his gal
m Samsung chief recovering from heart operation
t Dozens arrests made around world for creators & users of "Blackshades" malware
e Paul Bettany: World was more interesting before internet
e Bey, Jay Z Start Tour With Never-Before-Seen Wedding Video
e Ahead of Eurovision 2014, FEMAIL rounds up the wackiest outfits ever to have  ...
m New Drug to Significantly Stop Progression of Breast Cancer
e 'Life With Archie' to kill off Riverdale's favorite son in penultimate issue
t US to shed control of internet addresses
b Why Caesars Acquisition (CACQ) Stock Is Higher This Afternoon
b Owens Realty Mortgage, Inc. Added to Russell 2000(R) and Russell 3000(R  ...
b ECB Says Search for Yield May Harm Financial Stability in Europe
b Van Hollen announces E-Book settlement
t Samsung beating HTC to the punch on optical zoom? "Kapture The Moment  ...
b In Ukraine crisis, Malaysia plans truce to secure MH17 site
m World Autism Awareness Day was celebrated
e What's the twist in DAWN OF THE PLANET OF THE APES?
m AP Top Stories June 30 a
e Jennifer Esposito Slams "Master Manipulator" Ex in New Book — Is It Bradley  ...
b Health fair draws 13000 as sign-up deadline approaches
b HTC One Mini Vs LG G2 mini Specification Comparison
t Apple already has its first victory in new $2B Samsung patent fight
e Andy Murray receives Nickelodeon Kids' Choice award, but gets slimed in the  ...
b Carney signals earlier British rate rise
b Rejected Fox bid for Time Warner underscores mood to consolidate
e Exploring Motive in Deadly California Rampage
b WRAPUP 3-Co-pilot spoke last words heard from missing Malaysian plane
e Lindsay Lohan poses for controversial photographer Terry Richardson (again)
e CW shows Grant Gustin in full Flash suit for the first time
t Google: Bulls Laud Defense of Android, New Initiatives
b Alibaba confirms preparation for US listing
t Apple's Latest Operating System Dramatically Improves Its Web Services
t Ship that sank in 1888 found near San Francisco's Golden Gate Bridge
m Woman in Coma Delivers Healthy Baby Boy
e Lost River at the Cannes film festival
e Maks Chmerkovskiy Vows to Keep His Time on Dancing with the Stars Drama-Free
b Vietnamese boat sunk by Chinese vessel
t Who's around? Facebook rolls out location-sharing feature
b Wal-Mart takes aim at $2 billion used video game market
t Titan's magic island is not an island. So what is it?
m 'Relay for Life' returns to Linden for third year
t Fossils discovered at airport could be largest flying bird ever
m Hummus recall from Target, Trader Joe's recalled over listeria
e Paul Simon, Edie Brickell disorderly conduct case dropped
e Bob Dylan lyrics for "Like a Rolling Stone" sell for $2 million at NY auction
t Target Is Holding An Xbox One Games Sale This Week
b Alcatel Lucent Delivers On Shift Plan
e Solange Knowles Breaks Her Silence on Jay Z Elevator Fight
e Report: Man Shows Up at ABC Studios With Knife, Threatens to Kill Morning Host
t Microsoft's Xbox One to be first major console sold in China since 2000
m Woman Disfigured After Cancer Misdiagnosis to Get Free Surgery
m House to vote on skilled nursing facility readmissions penalties, ICD-10 extension
e Patrick Swayze's widow, Lisa Niemi, marries jeweler Albert DePrisco
b US Manufacturing Index Indicates Slightly Slower Growth In June
t Graco Recalls Nearly 2 Million More Toddler Car Seats
m Bill seeking to legalize marijuana for medical purposes filed
b Japan and Australia in Pact to Lower Tariffs on Beef, Cars (1)
b State issues first retail pot licenses overnight
t Poll: Big Bang a Question for Most Americans
b AT&T beats profit estimates as phone discounts diminish
m Man Tests Positive For MERS Virus
b European Commission Cuts 2015 Eurozone Growth, Inflation Forecasts
t New satellite will measure Earth's CO2
t Monday Forecast: Total Lunar Eclipse
b Chinese Gold Demand May Rise 20% by 2017
e Bryan Singer Reportedly Has Proof He Was NOT In Hawaii For Alleged Sexual  ...
b Missing plane: Co-Pilot said "All right, good night" as last message
b NEW YORK (AP) — Weaker earnings at JPMorgan Chase are dragging bank  ...
e North West's Hard Knock Life: Kimye Baby Faces Racist Attacks And A $1M  ...
e Weird Al Yankovic in the music video for "Tacky." Photo Credit: RCA Records
t Samsung to release Galaxy Note 4 and Galaxy F / S5 Prime with retina scanner  ...
b Fiat Merger With Chrysler Approved by Shareholders
e Kimye's wedding to be 'fairytale day' with Hollywood movie type set
e Freddie Prinze Jr. SLAMS Kiefer Sutherland & Confesses How 24 Almost Lead  ...
e Kim Kardashian Demands Kanye West's 'Sex List'
t NASA to launch satellite to track global warming after 2009 failure | The Republic
b The Market Insider
e Heroics take flight in Planes: Fire & Rescue
b Tesla Earnings Review: Profits Decline But Tesla Still On Track To Meet Full  ...
e Peaches Geldof: At 25, the world was hers for the taking - tragically, it got taken  ...
b Case-Shiller: Charlotte an exception to slowing growth in home prices in May
t Facebook May Face a Criminal Investigation in the UK Over Its Unauthorized  ...
b 400 feet separated planes in near miss at Texas airport
e Spotify reaches ten million paying users
e People's Most Beautiful Person Lupita Nyong'o & Scarlett Johansson Swing  ...
e Watch: New Trailer For 'Game Of Thrones' Season 4 Plus Plot Details For First  ...
e Miley Hits Back at Jennifer Lawrence's Puking Story
t Comcast Apologizes For Employee Refusing To Allow Customer To Disconnect  ...
t Facebook tests new "buy" button
b Hollande vows to defend French jobs amid Alstom takeover talks
e 'Breaking Bad' and 'Modern Family' win Emmys
e Miami City Officials Call For End To Ultra Music Fest
m Mental Health Supporters: Time to Break 'Stigmas'
e Michelle Rodriguez, Cara Delevingne Make Out (VIDEO): Supermodel Caught  ...
b Thai military radar data bolsters belief that Flight 370 changed its path (w/ video)
b Deadly clashes in eastern Ukraine city Slovyansk
b Democrats Facing Tough Fight for Seniors' Votes
t Bid Adieu to Aereo—At Least for Now
b US stocks rise; Dow in triple digit gain
t Audi TT Offroad Concept Debuts At 2014 Beijing Auto Show
t HTC One (M8) with Snapdragon 801, duo rear camera launched
t Github Puts Co-Founder On Leave, Begins Investigation Into Discrimination  ...
e Officials: Leave pyrotechnics to the professionals
e Will 'Big Bang Theory' Contract Negotiations Delay Production On New Season?
m Mass. ranks low overall in prescribing opioids
e Hugh Jackman trash talks John Cena in hilarious clip as he challenges the WWE  ...
b Portuguese yields rise on worries over Banco Espirito Santo probe
t Google wants to show ads through your thermostat and car
t Boulder County and the rest of the US treated to a spectacular eclipse
b Video of woman in Walmart paying for young mother's diaper purchase goes viral
b NEW: Massachusetts Adds 8100 jobs in March, Unemployment Down
b Update: General Electric Wants To Sell Its While (Elephant) Goods Business (GE)
b EUR/USD – Euro Slide Continues After Solid US Employment, GDP Numbers
b Etihad A380s to offer “The Residence”, a three-room suite for the super rich
b Draghi helps euro higher, UK growth numbers in focus
e Sofia Coppola to direct 'The Little Mermaid' live action film
b Report: Massachusetts gains more than 8K jobs, unemployment rate shrinks in  ...
e Coldplay's Chris Martin Joins 'The Voice' As NBC Reboots Format
t VIDEO: Future Shop tablet sales sky-rocket following release of Samsung  ...
t iPhone 5S tops durability test: Study
b State jobless rate drops
e Alien: Isolation brings back Ripley and the original cast with pre-order DLC
b Thailand shares radar data 10 days Flight 370 goes missing
e Kanye And Kim's 'Vogue' Cover: How They Finally Landed An Epic Spread
e Gone Girl gets a new trailer
e MOTHER'S DAY TECH GIFTS
b Gas analyst: US drivers will see most expensive July 4th gas - WQOW TV: Eau  ...
e New 'Mad Men' Season Gets Off to an Angsty Start
m Your friends may be your fourth cousins
b Facebook, Inc.'s Monster Quarter in 3 Must-See Charts
e More Details on Pink Floyd's New 'Endless River' Album Emerge - Including a  ...
m New MERS deaths take Saudi toll to 173
b China data hits Europe shares
b Novel analysis of satellite data, knowledge of physics helped narrow Malaysian  ...
t 9 answers about Facebook's creepy emotional-manipulation experiment
b News Buzz - Southwestern Energy Company (NYSE:SWN), Navient Corp  ...
e 'The Voice' U.S. Season 6 (2014) Battle Rounds-Part 1 Episode 7 Spoilers  ...
e Brandy & Fiance Ryan Press Have Split Up
b Tiffany's (TIF) Q2 2014 Results - Earnings Call Transcript (TIF)
m Minnesota woman who lost husband to Ebola urges aid to fight virus
e Queen Elizabeth names Angelina Jolie an honorary dame
e Scotty McCreery victim of early morning home invasion
b Pfizer gives legally binding commitment over R&D jobs
e The deepest cut in Game of Thrones
t Facebook's study got it wrong: seeing our 'friends' happy can make us sad
t Definitely Not Super: Nintendo Lost Another Barrel Of Money In 2013
e Texas and region
b Boeing's Profit Slides on Pension Costs -- 2nd Update
m Olympic swimmer Amy Van Dyken-Rouen refutes recovery rumors
m Remote-Controlled Birth Control May Be In Your Near Future
e Kyle Richards Gives Inside Scoop on Working with Lady Gaga
e Um, what is Melissa McCarthy wearing?
b Technology upgrades 15 years too late
t Apple is offering battery replacements for a limited number of defective iPhone 5  ...
e TV: The Royal Wedding Arrives in Stills from 'Game of Thrones' Episode 4.02
t Tesla's All-Electric Car For The Masses Will Be Called The Model III
e 'I shot my wife', The Shield actor tells police
t Apple teams up with IBM, wants you to use iPads, iPhones at work
t Fabien Cousteau emerges after breaking grandpa Jacques' undersea living record
e Veteran TV impresario Robert Halmi Sr., producer of more than 200 programs  ...
t What Microsoft doesn't get about the tablet revolution
t Biggest dinosaur ever found
t Apple and Google declare cease-fire in legal war
e Are Jay Z and Beyonce on the run from each other?
b Hong Kong stocks end 0.51% higher
e Ansel Elgort: Meet The Fault in Our Stars's Heartthrob
t Microsoft to make largest staff cuts since 2009
b U.S. Supreme Court Refuses to Hear Argentina's Appeal on Bond Debt
e Stage and Screen Legend Mickey Rooney Dies at 93
e Robin Thicke Reveals How Long Its Been Since He's Seen Paula Patton
e 'Captain America' remains box office hero
t AMD integrates ARM and x86 in mobile processor
t Nike reportedly dropping the FuelBand to focus on software, exiting wearable  ...
t Apple tops UK smartphone sales charts for Q1
e The Definitive List of Everyone in Westeros Who Wanted That...
m Ebola case diagnosed in Canada
t Apple, IBM gun for BlackBerry's market in new alliance
t 'Pinocchio Rex,' A New Species Of Long-Nosed Dinosaur, Discovered In China
b 8 things to know about Amazon's new Fire Phone
e The Voice: Anyone want Adam Levine's cell phone number?
m NYPD cops to carry overdose antidote naloxone - not yet for CP
e Miley Cyrus - Miley Cyrus Hospitalised, Cancels Concert Due To Severe Allergic  ...
e Will Sarah Palin Be The New Host Of 'The View'?
m Nyaho Clinic suspected Ebola virus patient dies
b Pimco's Gross: Fed has succeeded, but US still faces permanent slump
t Google I/O: Glass, Google+ and Other Projects We're Still Wondering About
e Mr. Peabody & Sherman tops box office
e James Brown bio-pic works too hard to win viewers over
t Meet the tiny mouse-like creature with a TRUNK: New species is more closely  ...
t 'Cosmos' Episode 4 Preview: 'A Sky Full Of Ghosts' Trailers Highlight Time, Light  ...
e Daniel Radcliffe says no to movie adaptation of JK Rowling's 'Harry Potter' update
e Tupac's Final Words: See What Vegas Police Officer Claims They Were
t HTC One (M8) Cases on Amazon – Retailer Now Selling Discount Cases for  ...
t Microsoft CEO talks 'post-post PC world'
e Bow-tied man mystery hidden in Picasso's 'The Blue Room'
b Siemens' Alstom offer 'beats GE's'
b Wall Street and USD/JPY jump on risk appetite
t Fire TV Sells Out Due To High Demand, Unit Sales Figures Not Disclosed
t Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini vs Samsung Galaxy S4 – Comparison of Price and  ...
b Lenovo Outperforms Market in 4th Quarter and Full Year 2013/14
b Hundreds march on Las Vegas Strip against GMOs
m Childhood vaccines vindicated once more
t COSMOS: When Carl Sagan sent me a letter
t Gas Prices Fall 1.5 Cents In Chattanooga
t Rubio: Humans aren't behind climate change
e Kate Upton Admits She Was A 'Little Uncomfortable' Filming The Other Woman  ...
e Jennifer Lawrence Reveals How She Makes It Work With Boyfriend Nicholas Hoult
e Teenager Arrested For Sneaking Into Miley Cyrus' Dressing Room
b AAA Predicts More Travelers and Higher Gas Prices This Fourth of July
b Report: AT&T Readying Acquisiton of DirecTV for $50 Billion
e Jack White Releases New Song for Upcoming Album 'Lazaretto'
e 'Noah' Director Pleases PETA, Uses CGI Animals in Film
t USPTO Views The Glass Half Empty When it Comes to Google
t Amazon to unveil smartphone in time for winter holidays: Wall Street Journal
e Man asks for help making potato salad - the response is unexpected
e Promos for ABC's Black Box Pulled After Bryan Singer's Sexual Assault Allegations
b Draghi Tells German Lawmakers ECB Bond-Purchases Unlikely
e Chris Brown's trial on assault charge delayed - CBS 3 Springfield - WSHM
t Flappy Bird creator “considering” returning hit game to App Store
b Dan Loeb Will Join Sotheby's Board
m International Stem Cell Should Win EU Court Bid: Adviser
t Scientists solve the mystery of whether dinosaurs were hot or cold blooded - and  ...
e Amanda Bynes looks healthy, shows off bikini body
e State Police: Leave the fireworks to the professionals
b SC likely to pronounce verdict on Subrata Roy's plea tomorrow
t Heart Bleed Bug Test: Tech Companies Create Fund; Yahoo, Facebook, Gmail  ...
e Wall Street Wonders: Will HBO's Deal With Amazon Change The Online Video  ...
t Comcast to acquire Fort Worth cable market from Charter in swap deal
e Khloe Kardashian casually dating French Montana?
e First glimpse at Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
e Marvel vs. DC: Warner Bros open to moving Batman vs. Superman date AGAIN?
e Monday Movie Memo: Johnny Depp's Movie-Star Days Are Done
t GM to move Cadillac SRX production from Mexico to Spring Hill, Tenn., plant
b AT&T to acquire DirecTV in $50B deal; Combined company to rival Comcast
m Oscar Pistorius not mentally ill during killing of model girlfriend Reeva  ...
e New Michael Jackson album, Xscape, to be released in May
b Yellen to address financial stability as concerns grow about impact from Fed policy
b Crude Oil Technicals: Prices Drop as Iraq Worries Ease But Yet to Reverse  ...
m 40 Veterans die of waiting, VA official responsible for secret list linked to  ...
b Kim Dotcom's Mega plans New Zealand listing, looks at IPO worth $180 mn
t FCC faces new criticism on 'net neutrality'
t Heads up! Supermoon was here
m Dove's Patches Ad Could Be The Brand's Next Viral Sensation
e Glastonbury: Lily Allen restarts music after lightning strikes plunge stages into  ...
t Review: Dropbox's Photo-Sharing App
e American Idol 2014: Who Went Home From the Top 9 — March 27, 2014
t Google's project Tango tablet to feature advanced 3D imaging: Report
e Fargo the TV series has rather a lot in common with Fargo the movie
e Avril Lavigne video for 'Hello Kitty' pulled after broad criticism | video
m UPDATE 1-FDA approves Anacor Pharma's drug for nail infection
e WATCH: President Obama Calls Ellen Oscars Selfie A "Cheap Stunt" (VIDEO)
b US stocks gain on tech rebound; Dow rises 0.20%, hits new record
m Healthy baby boy born to California woman in coma
t New evidence points to big screen iPhone, iPad
b China's March PPI continues decline
e Katherine Heigl considered knitting shop
t Apple Set To Buy Beats For $3.2 Billion
b Lions QB Matthew Stafford looking to bounce back
m Cardinal George pushes for start of naming his successor
t SpaceX to file official protest against US Air Force over military-related launches
b Global Markets on Track for Quarterly Gains
e L'Wren Scott's funeral held at Hollywood Forever Cemetery
t The Biggest Takeaway From Apple's WWDC Isn't What You Think It Is
t Glass's first public sales booth hawked wearable to golfers
m Thirty Percent of World is Now Fat, No Country Immune
e Police: Singer McCreery victim of home invasion
e Deryck Whibley Steps Out Appearing Frail After Nearly Dying from Alcohol
e Will 'The Walking Dead' Finale hit a New Series High? (Poll)
b Exclusive: Fast food strikes in 150 cities and protests in 30 countries planned for  ...
e Lake churches plan special Easter services to celebrate Jesus' resurrection
t Highly anticipated meteor shower turns up a dud
e The Bachelor 2014 RECAP 3/10/14: Season 27 Finale
t Oculus VR employees got death threats after Facebook sale [UPDATE]
m Fewer households have landlines
e US comedy star John Pinette found dead
e 2014 MTV VMAs Winners List
b Gas prices fueling a busy Memorial Day weekend
e Ryan Murphy's 'The Normal Heart' Retains Larry Kramer's Furious Soul
e Celebrity News Gwyneth Paltrow, Coldplay's Chris Martin split
e Calista Flockhart Jets To England To Tend To Injured Harrison Ford
t Macbook Pro Refresh? Apple Boosts Processors and Memory
e Selena Gomez's family urges her to join rehab?
t AT&T LG G3 And G Watch Pre-Orders Start Tomorrow
e 'X-Men' Director Bryan Singer Sued for Allegedly Sexually Molesting Teen  ...
e The battle for the Iron Throne continues
b LinkedIn banged at 300 million mark
e COACHELLA 2014: Making your own music at the festival
t Android 4.5 Lollipop Release Date for Nexus 4, Nexus 5, 7 and 10
e Hugh Jackman Treated for Skin Cancer Again
m Mice Fear Men But Not Women
b DoubleLine's Gundlach Favors Tesla Among 'High Fliers'
m Study - Young blood put into older mice reverses effects of aging
e Pharrell, host Chris Rock kick off BET Awards; shooting, stabbing cast shadow  ...
b Dubai airport to axe 26% flights during runway upgrade
e Godzilla' Crushes Box-Office Competition
e 10 highlights from the 2014 ESPYs
e Elliot Rodger video removed by YouTube
e JK Rowling at work on 'Fantastic Beasts' screenplay, a Potterverse 'expansion'
e MUG SHOT Sons of Guns canceled following Will Hayden's arrest for allegedly  ...
e Nirvana, KISS inducted by Rock and Roll Hall of...
e Mila Kunis Talks Pregnancy Cravings and Giving Birth Without an Epidural: "I  ...
e Diane Sawyer exits as anchor of ABC's 'World News'
e 'The Normal Heart': A shattering war
b MH370 was in under control until crash
m More than 100 contract virus in Californian cruise ship
b Investors hope for further volatility in emerging markets
e 'True Blood' clip teases final season
m Planet Fitness Asked Woman To Cover Up Because Her Body Was TOO Toned?!
t Google Exec: Samsung And Google Are 'Fellow Travelers,' Not Frenemies
e Kim Kardashian pierces North's ears — and Twitter goes berserk
e Bobby Womack's legacy: An uncompromising soul sound
t Microsoft Xbox One sales hit 5 million
e 'Dancing With The Stars' Week 3 Recap
b Deadline? What Deadline?! The Uninsured Are Still in the Dark About Obamacare
m Dr. Oz faces Capitol Hill critics
b Sector movers: Barclays and StanChart give banks a boost
b Stocks higher in early trading after positive view of Canadian economy, Telus  ...
t Send an anonymous tip
b Carl Icahn pulls proposal that eBay sell off PayPal
t Jeep CEO: 2015 Renegade a new vehicle for new generation of drivers
m Colorado girl's act of compassion violates school dress code
m Bariatric surgery provides long-term relief from type 2 diabetes
e Pythons' reunion is off to a flying start in the O2
b Will May Strength Continue in June? - Ahead of Wall Street
t World is unready for climate change disasters
e Sad Kanye West Simply Cannot Muster Any Excitement For Zip-Lining
b Cleared of murder, man starts fresh 24 years later
t Physicists Find a Simple Way to Create Matter From Light
t Here's Why Google Glass Wasn't Mentioned During the Google I/O Keynote
e Game of Thrones Season 4 Spoilers: 8 Things We Learn From the Episode 7  ...
e Macaulay Culkin booed off the stage by Nottingham audience
e Kimye not distinguished enough for a Versailles wedding
b Gold up in New York on Ukraine, short-covering; posts weekly loss
t Iceland lowers aviation alert to orange
b EUR/GBP: Sterling falls on weaker-than-expected inflation data
e The Walkmen Score 'How I Met Your Mother' Swan Song
b J.C. Penney Company, Inc. (JCP) Soars 20 Percent on Improved Q1 Results
e Prince George steals the show at polo match
e Chris Colfer Says He Was 'Let Go' from 'Glee' over 'Personal Issues'
b How to get around Turkey's Twitter ban
e BET apologizes to Beyoncé for 'stupid' joke about Blue Ivy
e Adrienne Bailon responds to shade thrown at her by Khloe and Kim Kardashian
b Toyota Motor Corporation: Prepared Remarks by President Akio Toyoda on  ...
b Numsa sizes up Eskom
m Schumacher medical records offered for sale
t Arab Emirates Plan a Mars Mission
e Zara pulls shirt after outcry
e Shia LaBeouf is losing it
t Vast ocean lays under Earth mantle, may be wellspring for world's oceans
e Neil Young's PonoPlayer iPod Challenger Taking Kickstarter By Storm
e KISS FAQ Goes Online (A Top Story)
e Mila Kunis News: Demi Moore Affected by Ashton Kutcher Engagement?
e The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back  ...
e Justin Bieber Apologizes for Making Racist Joke
b US Stocks: Wall St rises, biotech stocks snap losing streak
e Jay Z versus Solange: A blow-by-blow account
e Five Things I Learned from 'Dawn of the Planet ...
t Ed Davey urges EU to lead climate change fight
e 'Grey's Anatomy' Recap: Cristina's Final Episode Is Filled With Farewells
t The Point Is Mute
m It's Kick Butts Day
b Japan May trade deficit shrinks 8.3% on-year: govt
t NOAA to consider taking humpback whales off endangered list
b Quiznos Files For Bankruptcy
t Samsung ties up Marvel Entertainment global partnership
e Beyonce & Jay Z To Go 'On The Run' Across North America This Summer
e The Walking Dead Season 4 Marathon Schedule
t Samsung 'Cautiously' Optimistic About Future as 2Q Guidance Sags
m Mental illnesses can reduce life expectancy more than heavy smoking
e Terry Crews Named New Host of "Who Wants to Be A Millionaire"
e Man lip synchs Celine Dion's 'All By Myself' at McCarran airport - CBS 3  ...
b Michaels Craft Store Latest To Be Hit With Massive Data Breach
t Magoo's View: New rules, great racing
e Game of Thrones: Script pages leaked from major Lord Tyrion scene
b L.A. Sues Time Warner for Shortchanging the City of Franchise Fees
t What's going on with Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA)?
b MARKET REPORT: Stock markets end higher with US manufacturing numbers  ...
t Mozilla doubles down on damage control
b WORLD WIDE WEB Zillow Buying Trulia To Create Real Estate Titan
t Why AT&T Rejects Netflix's Video Streaming Plan
m House Oversight and Government Reform Subcommittee on Energy Policy  ...
e ABC: Muir replacing Sawyer at 'World News'
e Kanye West wants Mary J. Blige to perform at wedding
b AT&T signals intent to become OTT power
e Q&A: Jon Favreau Talks Tech and 'Chef'
m Who ordered the side of Norovirus?
m Parents of autistic kids come out with charter of rights
e 'The Good Wife' Star Josh Charles Consoles Famous Fan After Shocking Episode
t Android L wallpapers now available for download
t Your move Sony…
b Benzinga's Volume Movers
t How to use Twitter
t Facebook comes back online after half-hour outage
t iPhone 5S the most popular smartphone worldwide in Q1, 8GB 4S hangs on to  ...
e 'Orange is the New Black' Emmy Nominations: Series Snubbed At Monday  ...
b Google overtakes Apple as Most Valuable Global Brand
b Inflation hits four-year low of 1.7%
t Samsung's slim Galaxy Tab S pair announced with AMOLED screens
e 2014 MTV VMAs: Blue Ivy takes the stage
e Will Stephen Colbert Host Late Show Out of Character?
b Gas prices at six-year high for this time of year
b Probe: Malaysia in uncharted territory
e Interview: 'Sherlock''s Martin Freeman goes from Brit to Minnesotan in 'Fargo'
t Maybe Dinosaurs Were A Coldblooded, Warmblooded Mix
e Managing Michael Jackson and More: A Chat with Ron Weisner, Plus William  ...
e Lea Michele: Another 'Brunette Ambition' Book Signing at The Grove
b Deal Allows Tesla to Sell Cars
e Tori Spelling Breaks Down Over Dean McDermott's Infidelity: “I Can Never Give  ...
t Fundraising For Super-Cheap 3D Printer Hits $2m
b Court reverses Fed rule limiting debit card fees
e Japanese head for N. Korea to visit graves of kin
b Gas price still falling
t AT&T CEO Doubts Regulators Will Approve Sprint/T-Mobile Deal
m Mayo Clinic Earns No. 1 Rank in the Nation on US News & World Report's Honor  ...
t EBay data breach under investigation by three state attorneys general
b In search of missing plane, new objects seen
b Japan June flash manufacturing PMI shows first expansion in three months
e Sandra Bullock's encounter with stalker described in recently released affadavits
e BRAZIL BEAT: Teacher makes history for Australia - NBC29 WVIR  ...
b Tesla earnings beat: 12 cents ex-items vs estimates of 10 cents EPS
e Royal Roundup: Duke William And Duchess Kate Resume Quiet, Low-key Life  ...
b Stocks Notch Tiny Gains to End Week
b Merkel in flying visit to Greece
m Sacramento County's northern suburbs targeted for West Nile spraying
e Scarlett Johansson shines as Luc Besson's Lucy
b Soft deadlines, strong numbers for Affordable Care Act enrollment
e Australian entertainer Rolf Harris convicted of child sex abuse
t Europe court reins in search engines
b China Tells Local Banks to Avoid IBM Servers as US Spying Row Escalates
e Game of Thrones 4.03 Review: “Breaker of Chains”
e Kanye West Lets A Total Stranger Rap For Him In NYC
e Miley Cyrus is 'miserable'
t Tesla CEO says electric carmaker plans European plant: report
m Health Dept. Confirms New Cases Of Mosquito-Borne Chikungunya Virus
b Official: Iran will not discuss missile program
t Gas Prices Fall .5 Cents In Chattanooga
t FCC Looks Into Netflix Congestion
b Wall Street futures shed; Alcoa earnings on tap after the bell
e Drew Barrymore's Half Sister Jessica Barrymore Found Dead in California
t GM Offers Loaner Cars and Cash to Customers Affected by Recall
t Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL): Grab The new 21.5-inch iMac® For Just $1099
b Fed's Evans: First rate hike in late 2015
b Farmers 'extremely disappointed' with parts of Japan trade deal
e The Everything Index: 'Rihanna's Glittery Nipples' Win the Week
e Watch David Letterman joke with his successor: Stephen Colbert
e 'The Bachelorette' star Andi Dorfman eliminates Eric Hill after big fight, as well  ...
t The skeleton in the closet
t Apple's New MacBook Air Is Its Cheapest One Ever
t Amazon Plans 3D Phone: Report
t Rumoured Microsoft Surface Mini Tablet Crops Up In Amazon Listings
t Apple To Encourage Customers To Recycle Old Products; Company Will  ...
e 'Jurassic World' Could Begin New Jurassic Park Series, Animatronic Dinosaurs  ...
b Euro zone banks increase government bond holdings in April: ECB
m Researchers: Microbes convert cocoa into heart-healthy compounds
t Amazon.com to acquire Twitch Interactive
t Microsoft ending support for Windows XP at midnight Tuesday
b AP Top News at 2:29 am EDT
e Babies are coming for Kunis, Keibler
m Stem cell studies retracted after 'extensive' errors found
t PSN still under DDOS, sporadic outages continue
e TV Baftas 2014: Sean Harris wins Best Actor for Southcliffe to beat Jamie Dornan
m Ebola Outbreak to Continue for Several More Months, WHO says
t Apple Inc. To Release New, Larger iPhone 6 Models In September
t Meet the 'Titans of Twitter'!
b Gold Price Rises After Malaysian Plane Crash
t Apple is developing Earpods to monitor heart rate and blood pressure
e Potato salad Kickstarter: The guy should give the money to charity.
t Pictures: Top 10 newly found species
b Be Suspicious of Phone Calls from Those Claiming to be IRS Officials
e Beyonce Named Most Powerful Musician in the World by Forbes!
t Nokia to bear brunt of job cuts
b Wal-Mart Stores Missing One Key Element: Sales
b Ben Bernanke Is Making $200000 per Speaking Engagement
t Longtime Beats partnership with HP hangs in the balance of potential Apple deal
b California farmers to get more water
t Supermoon 2014: First Of Three Bright, Summer Full Moons Visible Tonight
m WHO Says West African Ebola Outbreak To Last 2-4 Months
t RunKeeper launches new step-tracking 'Breeze' app
b Get on the road again
e 'X-Men's' Peter Dinklage, Tyrion Lannister Death and 'Game of Thrones' Movie  ...
t UT Grad to be launched to ISS in Sept
b Etihad to buy 49% stake in Alitalia adding to holdings
b EUROPE MARKETS: European Stocks Gain As Miners Upgraded; BSkyB Declines
e Miley Cyrus Simulates Raunchy Act in London Concert
b 4 Reasons to Buy Twitter Inc. Stock
t Phoenix students compete at White House Science Fair
e RED CARPET RECAP: All Of The Beautiful Gowns From Day 11 Of The Cannes  ...
e Andrew Garfield And Emma Stone Send Another Message To The Paparazzi
e Bus was taking poor students on college visit
e Selena Gomez, Justin Bieber Reunite - Again - At A Friend's Birthday Party
t Android L: Everything you need to know
b Payrolls Growing as More Americans Search for Work: Economy
e Kardashians blasted for texting through Michael Brown tribute
e R&B and Soul Legend Bobby Womack Dead at 70
m Ebola outbreak in Guinea kills dozens, spreads to capital
e `Game of Thrones` breaks piracy record
e Phil Robertson Easter Sermon: 'Duck Dynasty' Star Slams Gays, Again (SEE IT)
b Employers urge Numsa to abandon strike
e Sarah Michelle Gellar Is Not a Fan of Kanye West and Kim Kardashian's Vogue  ...
e Sandra Bullock confronted by stalker outside her bedroom 0
t [DEAL ALERT] Samsung Galaxy Gear Fit Price Freefalls
e Soap Star Kate O'Mara Dies at Age 74
m Mental illness shortens life more than smoking: Study
b Channel Tunnel trains slowly return to normal
t Gasoline prices down slightly in the Pittsburgh area
b Chinese city reports cancer-inducing chemical in drinking water
e Glastonbury Festival 2014: Review - Metallica
t OkCupid encourages users to boycott Firefox in protest of CEO's anti gay  ...
e How I Met Your Mother finale: jarring plot twists, but rewards, too
t Samsung To Expand Galaxy Series With New Entry-Level V Smartphone
t HTC One M8 to get new paint jobs, colours include pink, red and blue
b Procter & Gamble quarterly profit rises on home care sales
e Review: 'Noah' gives the Old Testament a state-of-the-art Hollywood treatment
t Sports On the Air - July 7
t Facebook's psychological study on users draws attention of UK authority
m FDA panel backs non-invasive colon cancer screening alternative
t Comcast and Time Warner Cable Are Most Hated Companies in America, Study  ...
t Facebook Reportedly Working on Video-Chat App to Compete With Snapchat
t Will Open-Source Money Prevent the Next Heartbleed?
t Hedgehog and tapir fossils found in British Columbia
e A Million Ways to Die in the West Exclusive Giveaway: Win Western-Inspired  ...
e 'Nashville' star Aubrey Peeples lands title role in 'Jem' movie
b EPA Takes First Step Toward Regulating Fracking Chemicals
e Zayn Malik and Louis Tomlinson: Video Shows One Direction Members Smoking  ...
e The First Casualty of The Fortieth Season of 'Saturday Night Live'
e The New Coldplay Video for 'Magic' Is All About Forbidden Love
e She's a Mom Again! Drew Barrmore Welcomes Second Daughter
e Here's How the 'Hair Hang' Circus Stunt is Supposed to Be Performed
e Bruce Springsteen Makes It Right, Inducts The E Street Band Into Rock Hall
b VW tilt at Fiat would be a bad idea
t Here's Why NVIDIA Corporation's GameWorks Is Perfectly Fair
e Sorry Thai Fans, No Taylor Swift Show For You
t Arbor Networks Reports the Most Volumetric DDoS Attacks Ever in the First Half  ...
b News Analysis: SAP's CTO Vishal Sikka Resigns, What Does It Mean For SAP  ...
t Galaxy S5 gets water tested, plus more
b Graco gives in, agrees to recall infant seats
e Keeping Up With The Kardashians Recap 6/15/14: Season 9 Episode 9 “Color  ...
e Dancing with the Stars 2014 Spoilers: Week 6 Dance Styles Revealed
e Movie review: Rio 2 features rare birds in generic plot (with trailer)
t Heartburn over Heartbleed: OpenSSL memory leak burns slowly
t Man charged with inappropriately touching three-year-old
t Samsung Plans A VR Headset For Its Galaxy Mobile Devices, Report Says
b Paragon Investments' Futures File: Crude & Grains
t First Titanfall DLC Coming This May
b Roundup: Nikkei gains 0.46 pct. as earnings season swings into gear
b Zillow Announces to Buy Trulia for $3.5B in Stock
t AT&T and Verizon got government data requests once every 60 seconds last  ...
t Warming threat to emperor penguins
b BlackBerry CEO Chen goes after leakers
b US CBO estimates slightly lower deficits as health subsidies fall
e Watch: Southwest Flight Attendant's Gut-Busting Comedy Routine Goes Viral
e 'American Idol' bringing back the same judging panel
m Watch Macklemore Producer Ryan Lewis Discuss His Mother's Battle With HIV
m New ultrasensitive blood test can detect cancer
b Sources Say Deal Between AT&T, DirecTV Could Get Done at $105/Share
t Google has Access to Incoming and Outgoing Gmail Messages According to  ...
m Major complications from diabetes including heart attack and stroke on the  ...
m Study: Both men and women feel less stress at work than at home
e Lindsay Lohans reality show Whats the verdict - WFSB 3 Connecticut
e Cannes Film Festival 2014: America Ferrera Pranked By Presenter Vitalii Sediuk  ...
t iOS 7.1 Features: Here's What Is New [Video Walkthrough]
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Mini Specs
t Instant Karma: Tampa woman being tailgated whipped out her iPhone and  ...
e Tuned In: Fox starts rebuilding in fall with 'Gotham,' 'Utopia'
b Euro Area Economic Confidence Rises Above Forecasts In May
e 'Sons of Guns' Canceled after Star Arrested for Child Rape
t Sneak peek: Microsoft 'selfie' phone to have 5 MP front camera
t Week 23 news in review: Galaxy Tab S, iPhone 6, S5 mini leak
e VIDEO: Film Producer Garth Ancier Suing Michael Egan Who Accused Him And  ...
e Help this man fund his dream of making a potato salad for $10
e German Tabloid Publishes Photo of the Duchess of Cambridge's Bare Behind  ...
t Honda Odyssey recalled due to fuel pump creating fire risk
b Etihad to take 49% of crippled Alitalia
t Court vacates conviction of man imprisoned for stealing 100K email addresses  ...
m Yes, Pesticides Are Still Dangerous and Here's Another Reason Why
b China HSBC/Markit Manufacturing PMI for June: 50.7 (expected 50.8)
m Researchers Make Powerful Stem Cells from 75-Year-Old's Skin Using Cloning  ...
m Study: Coffee could prevent vision loss
e Rick Ross' Mastermind Gives Him How Many #1 Debuts?
b CORRECTION - Intuit Inc. (INTU) Is Pulling Back On Weak Forecast
e Wu-Tang Affiliated Rapper -- You Can Kiss Your Penis Goodbye ... For Good
b Detroit still needs $350M from state lawmakers - KTVN Channel 2 - Reno Tahoe  ...
b A random act of kindness in Sioux Falls catches national attention
t As the World Cup Kicks Off, Here's Brazil from Space
b Ohio gas prices drop as Fourth of July week starts; state average dips below  ...
t In the Beginning: Proof of the Universe's creation found
b Number 10: Government is 'active in engagement' over Pfizer bid
e WATCH: Miley Cyrus Smokes, Raps and Dances On Wild Flight
m Lab mice fear men but not women, and that's a big problem for science
e 'Kurt and Courtney' Reveals Theories on Nirvana Front Man's Death
b US home construction drops
t Project Tango, Google Glass: What we missed at Google I/O Keynote
m A contraceptive computer chip to be manufactured
b Treasurys Rally, Sending 10-Year Yield to 2014 Low
e Here's The Trailer For "Orange Is The New Black" Season 2
e One $10000 Gesture that Justin Bieber Did to Win Selena Gomez Back, Find Out
e Andy Warhol's Lost Computer Art Recovered 30 Years Later
t Cortana lands in the UK and China in Windows Phone 8.1 Update
b Update on the latest business
t Dr. Dre Closing on Gisele Bundchen and Tom Brady's Mansion
t Amazon announces new 'Fire' smartphone
e 'Game Of Thrones' Season 4 Spoilers: New 'Breaker Of Chains' Features And  ...
t ICANN delays uncorking .wine and .vin domains
m Detroit company recalls 1.8M pounds of ground beef
b GWYNNE DYER > The Hong Kong Referendum
e Rihanna Hypnotizes In See-Through Dress At CFDA Awards [PHOTOS]
m Pistorius 'obsessed' with security
t Facebook Chat Adds LGBT Pride Stickers
b Philips, Salesforce co-operate to develop Internet medical platform; no terms  ...
m Samsung Chairman Recovering After Heart Attack
e Star Wars begins Abu Dhabi shoot
t Honda Portugal recalls thousands of cars
b U.S. Unemployment Rate Drops to 6.2% in July
b More Bad Economic Data Out Of China
m 3D Mammography More Effective in Diagnosing Cancer: Study
t Google could be buying Twitch: Report
m C-section zoo gorilla has pneumonia
t Google's New, Stealthier Search Ads Are A Hit
e 'The Voice' Season 7 News: No Doubt's Gwen Stefani Joins Judges; Tess Boyer  ...
t Google ready to build truly driverless car
b Google's results disappoint as ad fears weigh
b 2015 Toyota Camry: First Look
e Robert Pattinson to star in Harmony Korine gangster film
b Samsung to join forces with global techs for IoT
b Apple (AAPL) Looks To Buy Chipmaker Renesas SP Drivers: Report
e 'Star Wars' news: Kevin Smith cries on the set, hot young unknowns added  ...
b London open: UK stocks rise as investors await BoE minutes, Fed
m Face map of mixed feelings could help AIs understand us
m Tighter Rules Urged on $15 Billion for Doctor Training
t EMC Announces New Hybrid Cloud Innovations
t AT&T LG G3(R) And LG G Watch(TM) Available On July 8
b Taxpayers Targeted in Nationwide IRS Phone Scam
e Transcendence Directed by Wally Pfister
t Microsoft to sell Xbox One video game console in China beginning in September  ...
t Blood moon: Red hue lights up night sky
b ECB Faces Uncharted Waters With Negative Deposit Rate
t Google, Not OEMs, Will Control The Android Wear, Auto and TV UI
t Apple Already Has Its First Victory In New $2B Samsung Patent Fight [VIDEO]
t Microsoft Office Suite For iPad Well Received In India
e The Walking Dead: Watch Season 4 Episode 16 Online
t Deal: Samsung Galaxy S5 is Just $99 With a Verizon or Sprint Contract at Amazon
t Researcher develops BadUSB code to compromise USB sticks - and their  ...
b Twitter's Results Disappoint; Shares Tumble
t Ok Google Self-Driving Car. Drive to Starbucks Post Haste
e Brad Pitt & Angelina Jolie Starring in New Film Together - She Wrote It!
e Really, Really Big TV Sweepstakes
e Disney In Depth: 15 Amazing 'Frozen' Cover Videos (Part 1)
e Nick Cannon Is Taking This Opportunity To Remind Us He Slept With Kim  ...
b Oracle (ORCL) Announces Quarterly Earnings, Misses Expectations By $0.02 EPS
t YouTube Lends a Profitable Hand to Its Content Creators with New Service
e WATCH LIVE: 2014 Billboard Music Awards Red Carpet
t NASA Declares Test on Mars Travel Technology a Success
e Comment: Brunei's crackdown on gay sex riles Hollywood jet set
e Snake-Handling Preacher's Son Bitten
e Courtney Love on Kurt's memorial day
t Samsung Galaxy S6 Wish List: What We Would Like To See (Part 1)
e Harry Styles blasted bandmates as 'stupid and reckless' after video emerged
b US Airways fares withdrawn from Orbitz beginning Sept. 1
e MoMA Announces Björk's First Retrospective Exhibition for 2015
e Designing Women's Meshach Taylor Loses Cancer Battle at 67
m Relay For Life of Wilson County gets new date, event hours
b ADM Buys Wild Flavors
e Gary Oldman slams political correctness, defends Mel Gibson, Alec Baldwin
m Taylor Swift Deals With Fans, Both The Creepy And The Wonderful
t Microsoft will bring the Xbox One to China this September
m Europe, Asia on alert as deadly Ebola fears grow
t Under pressure, FCC revises fast lane plan
e Heavy metal band GWAR frontman Brockie found dead in Virginia home
b Feds play chicken
e Experts smitten by UK contender
e Lindsay Lohan officially cast in west end play Speed-The-Plow
t Samsung Galaxy Round Review | First Impressions
b UK employment data: what the economists say
e Beyonce Joins Sister Solange On Stage At Coachella 2014
e US Airways' X-Rated Tweet Causes Uproar: 12 Funniest Twitter Responses
b New York Times Publisher Goes Into Damage Control Mode After Firing  ...
t Critics on Both Ends of the FCC's Net Neutrality Rules, With a Few Supporters in  ...
e 'Monty Python Live (Mostly)' Reunion To Be Shown in Sofia Cinemas
e IWMF joins boycott against Sultan of Brunei's Beverly Hills Hotel
e 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' review
e Kevin Smith's Most Exciting Quotes from His 'Star Wars: Episode VII' Set Visit
t Bigfoot DNA analysis points to undiscovered large bear species in Himalayas
e Seth Rogen & James Franco Vogue spoof: "It had to be done"
b Family Dollar to grow despite planned store closures
t Komodo Dragon Exhibit Opens at Bronx Zoo For Memorial Day
e Actor Michael Jace arrested and charged with murdering his wife in Los Angeles
b White House to stress equal pay in policy, political push
t Massive Asteroid Blotting Out The Most Luminous Star: Visible To Naked Eye
e Melissa Joan Hart reveals her slimmed-down bikini body
e Tracy Morgan Upgraded to Fair Condition, Showing "Great Improvement"
e Review: Melissa McCarthy doesn't find her true calling with 'Tammy'
e Coldplay dedicates song to Mick Jagger at NYC concert
e New glimpse of Planet of the Apes
e Editorial: Archie's death highlights comics' dark side
t Facebook faces criticism for conducting psychological experiment on users  ...
t German media mogul says people 'afraid' of Google
t Net Neutrality vs Internet Fast Lanes in NY - AARP Lays out What's at Stake for  ...
e Chris O'Dowd shaves his head for Broadway role
b Russia Sanctions Could Spur S&P Dow Jones Index Changes
m Marijuana study in veterans finally gets federal approval
e Gisele Bundchen and Tom Brady sell home for £30million
t ISSpresso machine will make coffee in space
e 'Game of Thrones' Season 4 trailer; Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin reunite; 'Bates  ...
e Demi Lovato Pays Tribute to Father a Year After His Death
b Why Europe works
e Stacy Kiebler reportedly annoyed by Clooney's engagement
b Alabama's healthcare system losing billions of dollars and falling further behind
t Some Good News For Once: Apple Will Create More Racially Diverse Emojis
e Cast, fans gather again at Field of Dreams
e Seth Rogen - Seth Rogen Embroiled In Political Row Over North Korea Film
t Microsoft Now Taking Right To Be Forgotten Requests On Bing
t Watch Dogs Receiving AMD and Nvidia Optimized Drivers on Launch Day
e Bryan Singer Accuser Names More Hollywood Execs in Sex Abuse Lawsuits
b Forex snapshot
b Timothy Geithner: Suggested Hillary Clinton as Possible Successor
m Measles outbreaks in US off to a fast start, as cases trend up
t Heartbleed security bug: Canadian tax services back online
e A slimmer Rob Kardashian with Kris Jenner and Kim Kardashian in 2012  ...
e Movie Review: 'X-Men: Days Of Future Past'
e Nirvana members, St. Vincent, Joan Jett and more follow up Rock Hall with  ...
b US Jobless Claims Rise by 4000 to 317000
e 'The Bachelorette': Andi Gets Down & Dirty With Chris — Watch
e Tarantino says cinema is dead
t Activision Blizzard Profit Declines 35%
b BlackBerry Passport coming in September, with a square screen
e Lady Gaga sports rose-inspired nude suit to concert at Roseland Ballroom
b Consumer Minute: Candy Crush set to go public & check your references
e New 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' Trailer Brings on the Sentinels
e Lupita Nyong'o Tops People Magazine's World's Most Beautiful People 2014
t Mozilla: 'We support marriage equality'
b Major Averages Slide Into Negative Territory In Early Trading
t LG G Watch Will Be Water and Dust Resistant
t Samsung Galaxy S5 launched in India, to be available starting April 11
b Argentine leader rejects US Supreme Court rulings in debt case
t Tech Titans Fund Open Source Projects to Avoid More Heartbleed
t FCC Report: ISPs Improve On Advertised Speeds
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Enjoy Their Honeymoon in Ireland
m Mom gives birth to 14.5 lb baby girl
e Kim Kardashian Hints At Wedding Style With Paris Wardrobe
b US home sales fall but consumer confidence hits
e Watch a 'F**king Hammered' Charlie Sheen Meet Fans at Taco Bell
e Watch Leonardo DiCaprio dance like a total nerd at Coachella... maybe
e 'Rice Bucket Challenge' for Global Food Awareness Launched by International  ...
t Hackers steal Dominos Pizza customer data
b Amazon offers employees $5K to quit
b GM says recalls cars safe, but has not tested for knee-bump danger
t Teen Drivers Safe Car Study
b Zillow buys Trulia for $3.5 billion
b European Economics Preview: Eurozone Final Inflation Data Due
t Android TV is the New Google TV From Google
m Study examines link between recalling alcohol brands in popular music and  ...
b Slower China growth spurs renewed stimulus talk
t Canada not immune to impact of global warming, report says
b AUD to USD Exchange Rate surged to a seven-month high on China data  ...
e Legendary Actress & Civil Rights Activist Ruby Dee Dies
t It's not all electronic: tabletop games of E3 2014
b Dozens protest postal service's Staples program
t Caruba: The Slow, Sure Death of 'Climate Change' Lies
b Weather frustrates hunt for missing jet
t Watch the LG G3 Unveiling Live, here!
b China: A great power Hong Kong can't trust
b Nigeria overtakes South Africa for as biggest Arican economy
e Keith Richards to pen children's book with daughter about his first guitar
e 'X Men: Days of Future Past' Release Date, Cast & News: Director Bryan Singers  ...
b Schneiderman: Marketwired To Stop Selling Info To High-Frequency Traders
t NIC tells government bodies to switch off Windows XP
e Game of Thrones season 4 available on Amazon Instant Video, blinkbox, more
t Microsoft's Nokia deal to close Friday, with a few tweaks
b Gas prices rise for Independence Day weekend
b Stocks post modest gains as earnings roll in
b FOMC Minutes Signal October End to Asset Purchases
b Judge Refuses To Order GM To Issue 'Park It Now' Notices
m Chemotherapy May Cause Unemployment to Breast Cancer Patients
e Justin Bieber Cleared By FAA After January Incident: Report
b ''Bankrupt'' exchange Mt. Gox finds 200000 ''lost'' bitcoins in old wallet
m Indian doctor claims simple smell test to spot Alzheimer's early
e On Kickstartered potato salad
t Hewlett-Packard Company (HPQ) to spend $1 billion on new cloud services brand
m Iran reports its first 2 cases of MERS virus
t Facebook Will Acquire Virtual Reality Company For $2 Billion
e Phil Collins Donates To The Alamo
m Conjoined twins separated at chest leave hospital
t Apple Devices in Australia Locked, Held for Ransom
t Alibaba's big reveal: high growth, odd governance
t Hyundai recalls 883000 Sonatas to fix gear shifters
e Ricky Gervais and Constantine Talk 'Muppets Most Wanted' & Sequels
t Dating site OkCupid also experiments on its users
e The Supreme Court Case That Will Decide the Future of Television
e Character actor Eli Wallach dies
b ASML Posts Surge In Q1 Profit, Lowers Outlook
e 'Harry Potter' returns as 34-year-old in JK Rowling short story
t HTC One (M8) price and availability: where's it cheapest?
e Welcome To The Hotel Andersonia
e Lindsay Lohan reveals 'sex list' was part of AA recovery
t Schmidt: EU Search Decision Struck the Wrong Balance
b UK ready for hard negotiation with Pfizer
t Flappy Bird creator may ressurect his game
t City Switches Off for a Better Future
b AstraZeneca rejects Pfizer's take-it-or-leave-it offer
e P Diddy Never Stopped Being Puff Daddy: Here's The Proof
t UN Court Orders Japan to End Antarctic Whale Hunt
e Frozen becomes biggest animation in box office history
t Microsoft Shares MS-DOS Source Code for First Time Ever
b Google to spend $30 billion on buying foreign firms
t Microsoft boosts anti-snooping protection in Outlook.com and OneDrive
b Daily Report: Yen Tumbled as S&P 500 Hits Record High
t Old BlackBerry phones still outsell new BlackBerry phones 2 to 1
e Game of Thrones: "First of His Name"
b ECB to Roll out Quantitative Easing Measures if Euro Strengthens
b The threat of Eurozone deflation is real and growing
e Stars get slimed at Kids' Choice Awards
b Is the IPO Market "Crushed"? - Analyst Blog
e 'Wheel of Fortune' guess 'most amazing' ever, says Pat Sajak
m Cincinnati Childrens Hospital live tweets during surgery
t Waterville girl wins state wide contest for Doodle 4 Google
e Ryan Gosling's directorial debut
t Report: French firm bidding for Bellevue-based T-Mobile US
t BlackBerry 10 getting Amazon Appstore
e GWAR frontman Dave Brockie died of an accidental heroin overdose
e Seth Rogen, Judd Apatow Slam Film Critic Over Shooting Comments
e Ruby Dee, Actress and Civil Rights Activist, Dies
b Missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370: Five planes spot debris in Indian Ocean
b Credit Card Debt Drops for Second Straight Month
b World Trade Organization sides with US in car trade dispute with China over  ...
b European shares inch higher; Philips rallies
e Robert Pattinson: 'I Like to Do Weird Things' While on Film Locations
e Nancy Motes' death was heart-breaking: Julia Roberts
e 'True Blood' Season 7 First Footage Revealed - Watch Now!
e Duchess of Cambridge's 'first love' ties the knot to Italian beauty on Amalfi Coast
e Diane Sawyer Signs Off As ABC's 'World News' Anchor, David Muir To Take Over
m app helps alcoholics stay sober: Study
t Daimler AG: Renault-Nissan Alliance and Daimler expand cooperation with new  ...
e Alex Trebek is officialy the most game show hosting-est game show host
t UPDATE 1-OkCupid admits to Facebook-style experimenting on customers
b Gold post slight gains as Fed reiterates rates to stay low
b UK Solar Strategy launched
e 'Bachelorette' contestant with ties to Blue Bell, Warminster shares experience
m Human nose discerns giant array of odors
m Watch this woman break-down when she hears her first sound
b New-home sales fall to eight-month low
t Facebook tightens privacy controls so new members' posts aren't 'public' by default
t Report: Sony Recalls Vaio Fit 11A Battery
e Sharknado 2: The Second One Makes Network and Social Media History
b Don't get stung by the interest rate rise
e Kennedy Center to Honor Jay Leno
b Federal Reserve chief: Monetary policy can't guarantee stability
e 'Fury' Trailer: War Is the Best Job Brad Pitt Ever Had
e 'Holocaust T-shirt' for kids discontinued in Spain
m Planet Fitness told this woman to cover up, stop looking so good and other dumb  ...
e [TICON-A SLIDESHOW] Court gives Miley Cyrus restraining order
e Justin Bieber attempted robbery case dropped 'due to lack of evidence'
e Lorde up for history-making performance?
t Price of gas finally falling
b JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon has throat cancer, will get chemo and  ...
e 'Bachelorette' contestant killed paragliding
t Apple to seek more compensation from Samsung
e Alice From 'The Brady Bunch' Dies
b MARKET COMMENT: FTSE 100 Ends At 10 Week High, Euro Spooked By Draghi
t Does `Watch Dogs' know what it's talking about?
e Beyonce's feminist VMA message prompts some eye rolls
t Fixing Web's security flaw time-consuming
b Pinterest To Begin Rollout Of Promoted Pins
b PF Chang's Investigates Credit Card Security Breach
t UN report: Carbon clean-up needs energy revolution, leaders told
e John Pinette Found Dead In Hotel Room
e TV picks for May 12: 'The Blacklist'
e We Survived (and Even Enjoyed) the New Sharknado. Here's How to Prep for  ...
e Johnny Cash's New Album 'Out Among the Stars' Streaming Online
b Market hit by fears over Crimea, China
m Ebola in W/Africa - EU Increases Funding to Support Community Outreach
t Mellanox Interconnect Solutions Accelerate New HP Apollo Family
t OkCupid urges Mozilla boycott over new chief's gay views
b Accused Portland Teen: “I Didn't Piss in the Fucking Water”
e Quick view: Amazon launches music service for Prime members
m Don't spray sunscreens on kids, at least for now
e Canadian wildlife writer Farley Mofat, famed for Never Cry Wolf, dies at 92
b China asks banks to remove US-made servers
b Report: Big Adidas investor sours on company
e Weekend Jumpstart: April 11-13, 2014
t T-Mobile & MetroPCS First Out of the Gate with the Highly-Anticipated Nokia  ...
e Vogue Beat Out Harper's Bazaar and Vanity Fair For the Kimye Cover
b China evacuates 3000 citizens from Vietnam after deadly attacks
t WhatsApp deal cleared by Federal Trade Commission says Facebook
b Hollande to block General Electric and Alstom deal
m Possible Blood Contamination at a LI Hospital, 4000+ Patients...
t Many recalled GM cars won't be repaired, but why?
m FDA eases into regulating e-cigarettes
e Beyoncé and Jay Z Share Wedding Video for the First Time!
e KATHLEEN PARKER: Rush and The ColberT ReporT
e Daughter: Actress Ruby Dee dead at 91
e Captain America: The Winter Soldier and Marvel's looming Avengers problem
t Introducing 'Pinocchio Rex'
t Dark Souls II: One Of The Truest Sequels I've Ever Played
e Beyonc&#233; and Solange Wore Matching Outfits at Chime for Change
b Malaysian military radar data on MH370 wrong, says report
m Antidepressant use during pregnancy linked to autism and developmental  ...
e More Star Wars VII Casting To Come?
e Naya Rivera Goes Back To Beautiful Brunette
b Coke To Drop Controversial Ingredient Entirely, Not Just From Powerade
b US STOCKS-Dow, S&P 500 dip as data lift ebbs; Nasdaq up on biotech
b T-Mobile: Current Customers Can Keep Corporate Discount
e VIDEO: George Popped the Question! Find Out What Happens Next on  ...
b Today's Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, Nasdaq, S&P 500 economic news  ...
b STOCKS FALL, NASDAQ TUMBLES, CANDY CRUSH CRUSHED: Here's What  ...
e Amazon launches Prime Music streaming service: Here's how it stacks up
e Metropolitan Opera wants mediator in labor dispute
b Chaos at Malaysia Airlines news conference
b PetSmart stock jumps as sale could be explored
e Former TV Judge Joe Brown Arrested After Court Meltdown
e The Reel Reflections: The Not-So-Amazing Spider-Man
t Samsung's head of mobile design steps down
b Southwest Airlines International Flights: Domestic Brand Becomes International  ...
b GoPro CEO: Surfing trip made me a billionaire
b Premarket: Shares, US dollar struggle on Ukraine anxiety
b US stocks open higher after solid GDP growth
m The remote-controlled, revolutionary contraceptive backed by Bill Gates
b Some banks may walk away from government debt primary market -BNP
b The value of a McDonald's employee
m Autism Risk Linked To Environmental Factors
e RZA Reacts To Christ Bearer Cutting His Penis Off
t 2048: The Best of Games, The Worst of Games
t UPDATE 3-US disrupts major hacking, extortion ring; Russian charged
b US Private Sector Job Growth Slows In July But Still Tops 200000
b Existing home sales slide 6.9% in May
m Mannkind (MNKD) Confirms FDA Panel Backs AFREZZA for Diabetes
e Review: Boseman electrifies as James Brown in 'Get On Up'
m Low blood sugar may cause couples to fight more
e 'Jump Street' tops box office
m E. coli outbreak linked to sprouts, CDC says
t Apple could pay $400m in e-books settlement
b Allergan takeover would be Canada's biggest ever
t Searchers unearth grave of 'E.T.'
e Pat Sajak sparks Twitter backlash with "unpatriotic racists" comment on climate  ...
b U.S. Manufacturing Output Rises Solidly in May
b Charney Increases Stake In American Apparel
t Symposium: Aereo, disruptive technology, and statutory interpretation
t Researchers Rank 9993 Living Bird Species based on 'Greatest Evolutionary  ...
b Fitch Maintains UK Ratings At 'AA+'
e Mick Jagger spent millions bailing out L'Wren Scott but she was overwhelmed by  ...
e 'She smells like cat p**s': Emma Stone and stars read out mean tweets about  ...
t Report: Google Developing a 3-D Tablet
e Phil Robertson of 'Duck Dynasty' makes more anti-gay remarks
b This Could Be the No. 1 Indicator of an Unhealthy Economy
e Freddie Prinze Jr. slams 'unprofessional' Kiefer Sutherland
m West African health chiefs meet to tackle ebola crisis
e Prestigious College Offers Course On The Sociology Of Miley Cyrus
e Reality TV star Benzino shot by nephew during mother's funeral
b Top strawberry salad with good-for-you chocolate dressing
m Oak Lawn woman in her 40s is county's first West Nile case of season
m Studies ID Current And Candidate Drugs Against MERS Virus
b Today's Stock market index review Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, Nasdaq  ...
b Events to watch on this week's economic calendar
b Allergan v Valeant: No Resolution, No Downside
t Antarctic Ice Sheet Losing 159 Billion Tons of Ice Annually
t Premium Galaxy S5 Model Leaks Again For 2K Display
t Samsung Galaxy Core 2
t Nest reintroduces its Protect smoke alarm with lower $99 price but no wave feature
e Eli Wallach dies: 10 memorable movie roles from his long career
t 'Supermoon' To Appear This Weekend
t Fruit Flies Evade Enemies like Fighter Jet
m Petco & PetSmart to Stop Selling Chinese Jerky Treats
e Alice Cooper's longtime sideman Dick Wagner dead at 71
b 'Groundbreaking' Draghi brings cheer to markets
b Taco Bell Again Poking Fun at McDonald's in New Breakfast Ad
m Daily Low-Dose Aspirin may Decrease the Risk of Pancreatic Cancer
b Hong Kong Defends Currency Peg for First Time Since 2012
e Courtney Love Is 'Obsessed' With Missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370
b Tesla Shares Down on Cost Concerns Following Q1 Earnings Report
b Oracle overhauls IBM to take second place behind Microsoft in software vendor  ...
t Iceland issues aviation 'red alert' after volcano hit with 2 quakes over 5 magnitude
e 'Grey's Anatomy' Season 10 Finale: Farewell, Cristina
e Marc Anthony ordered to pay ex-wife Dayanara Torres $26000 a MONTH in  ...
b Texas plaintiffs win $3 million for fracking damages
e Taylor Swift - Taylor Swift Wins Three-year Restraining Order Against  ...
b Target Corporation Misses EPS Estimate, Beats on Revenue; Lowers FY  ...
b JC Penney (JCP) Is Today's Unusual Social Activity Stock
t Supreme Court gives merit to Street View privacy concerns
t Millennials vs. Robots—Who Will Win the Jobs?
e McCartney recovering after hospital stay
t Brace your thumbs: Flappy Bird to return
e Michael Jackson's second posthumous album Xscape
e Marvel Reveals New Female Thor & She's Awesome!
e Nikki Ferrell Slams The Bachelorette And Bachelor Producers
t March 27, 2014|By Rex W. Huppke
e Inside the 'Game of Thrones' Season Premiere Party
b Libya government says regains control of 2 oil terminals
e North Korean government up in arms over Kim Jong-un assassination film The  ...
t Phil Spencer Named Head Of Xbox Division At Microsoft
b U.S. manufacturing stays strong in June
t Parrot Bebop Drone Uses Oculus to Put Eyes in the Sky
t Apple, IBM team up to win over business customers
m Guinea's Ebola battle: containing a killer virus
e Cavill reveals new Clark Kent look
e L'Wren Scott dead: Rolling Stones cancel entire Australia and New Zealand tour
e Zara withdraws and apologies for shirt collection
e Homeland actor James Rebhorn dead at 65 after a long battle with skin cancer
t Apple Mocks Samsung in Earth Day Ad
t Apple Trying To Cut Streaming TV Deal With Comcast: WSJ
b Alibaba snub puts Hong Kong exchange on the defensive
b On third attempt, JetBlue pilots vote to unionize
t Threes risks being 'lost in the underbrush of copycats', says co-creator Asher  ...
t Risk of exploding airbags prompts recall by 3 car makers
t Xbox One, PlayStation 4 are big energy users
b China economic growth slows to 18-month low in first quarter
e 'Neighbours' beats 'Spider-Man' at box office
e Star Wars 7 News: Harrison Ford Injured by Millennium Falcon Door
m Pfizer Experimental Drug Shows Promising Results in Phase II Study
e Angelina Jolie wants 'individual' daughters
e Lucasfilm Makes It Official: Star Wars: Expanded Universe Is Dead
t GM recalls at least 8.2 million more vehicles for faulty ignition switch
t With App Acquisition, Facebook Enters Fitness Tracking Market
t Apple to pay $3.2bn for Beats Electronics
b Dow Suffers Second Straight Triple-Digit Drop as Oil Soars
t Google Removing Private Information Under 'Right to be Forgotten' Regulation
e Mr. Peabody & Sherman Slows Down Need For Speed, Wins The Weekend Box  ...
t Scientists have discovered a 'mega-earth'
t Facebook Launches Shazam-Like Music Identification Feature
e Is Kim meeting Kim*? Kardashian klan snapped catching a flight to Korea
e Shia LaBeouf Arrested for "Disruptive Behavior" Outside Broadway Show
e Jeopardy! champ Chu unseated by W&M grad
e Everything Is Doom And Gloom In First Trailer For "The Killing" Final Season
b Bitcoin fluctuates as one bidder claims all 30000 Silk Road coins
t Google taps Mediatek for Android One
b EBay Posts 2Q EPS Beat, But Slight Miss on 3Q View
b Manufacturing giant Caterpillar Inc. avoided paying $2.4 billion in taxes, Senator  ...
e Queen to release new tracks with Mercury
b IMF slashes estimate for US economic growth in 2014
e Discovery's Everest Jump Live cancelled following avalanche deaths
b LNG exports self-limiting
e Amal Alamuddin's mother gets on ''brilliantly'' with George Clooney.
m Mental Health Experts: Oscar Pistorius Was Not Suffering From Mental Illness  ...
e Jessica Simpson marries retired NFL player Eric Johnson; their 2 kids  ...
b Twitter's CEO Took Open Questions, And Thousands Wanted To Know What He  ...
b Stock Market Today: Wall Street Shrugs Off Data and Churns Higher
m Big surprise: Gay parents give kids better 'general health,' says scientific report  ...
b AP Essay: When disasters don't stick to script, world struggles to give shape to grief
e Harry Potter grows up, gets married and goes grey in JK Rowling short story of  ...
t Cable Ops, Others Say 'We Can' To ICANN Transition Process
m Exact Sciences' colon cancer test at home finds more tumors
b Week In FX Americas - Jobless Claims Momentarily Breaks USD Downward Trend
t Apple Teaming With Comcast For New Apple TV
e Mara Wilson And Lisa Jakub Probably Won't Be In 'Mrs. Doubtfire 2′
t Twitter turns 8 today, discover your first tweet
e The 'Mockingjay - Part 1' Soundtrack Will Have Lorde's Royal Touch
t Apple and IBM Forge Partnership to Expand Enterprise Apps
b Lagarde charge raises ghosts of scandal at IMF
b Stress Test Results: Banks Healthier - Analyst Blog
e Ian Ziering shares method for cleaning off 'Sharknado' blood
e Zack Snyder shares glimpse of new Batmobile on Twitter
b 3D Systems's Overweight Rating Reaffirmed at Piper Jaffray (DDD)
e Someone Will Die On Tonight's "The Walking Dead" Finale. Bets Are On
e Lana Del Rey Picks Fight With The Guardian Over Disturbing Interview, Journo  ...
t Purple Sony Xperia Z2 exclusive to O2
b Alibaba IPO poses key test for Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer
t A Look At Tesla's Cheapest Car, The Model 3
e Lana Del Rey outraged by interview quote 'I wish I was dead already'
t General Motors waited years to recall Saturn Ion cars with potentially defective  ...
t US regulators tell banks to address 'Heartbleed' risk
b World stock markets mostly rise after Fed signals interest rates to remain low  ...
m Ebola outbreak most challenging ever seen by WHO
t LG's new Overlay Appears on the G3, Let's take a look
b AbbVie: Is Shire Just Playing Hard to Get?
t Americans split on belief in Big Bang theory
e Harrison Ford Crushed By Door of the Millennium Falcon â€“ Remains in Hospital
e Zayn and Perrie Forced to Delay Wedding for On The Road Again Tour
b Jim Cramer's Mad Dash: Alliant Techsystems' Creative Deal
e Lindsay Lohan's bang list: Twitter sinks to “slut shaming”
t Podesta Declines to Answer Question About Keystone
e Palcohol: Everything To Know About The Powdered Alcohol That Turns Water  ...
b UPDATE 3-Destination Maternity keen to buy UK's Mothercare
b Tuesday is Tax Deadline Day
t Intel's 3D-printed robots
m Saudis announce 2 new MERS deaths
e Conscious Uncoupling: What You Need To Know
e EXTANT - premieres tonight
e To make a movie is ridiculous, says Kristen Stewart
b Nearly 1.4 million Californians enroll in health insurance exchange
e Kevin Spacey to Play Winston Churchill in Captain of the Gate
b German sentiment drops on investor fears over Ukraine and Iraq
t HTC updates One phone, emphasizes metal design
e Game of Thrones Season 4 Episode Two, Sky Atlantic/HBO - Monday 14th April  ...
m Company Recalls 4K Pounds Of Beef Over Mad Cow Fear
m Q&A: Can Claims Data Crack the Health-Care Cost Riddle?
t General Motors have been driven to find answers
t The Real Paleo Diet: 50000-Year-Old Feces Show What Neanderthals Ate
m OECD urges emerging economies to boost productivity
e Leonardo DiCaprio to Play Steve Jobs?
e 'Kardashians' Roundup: Kim and Kanye's Marriage Trouble Rumors
b Elizabeth Arden Shares Plunge After Unexpected Quarterly Loss
b S&P 500 index closes above 2000
m Medical costs of childhood obesity: $19K per kid
e Cristina Deserved a Better Grey's Send-Off
e Frank Gehry exhibit shows redesign of Philadelphia Art Museum, yields more  ...
e Professional dancer takes the stage for 1st time since losing part of leg in  ...
t Samsung Galaxy S5 vs. Samsung Galaxy S5 Mini: Price and Specs Comparison  ...
b Yellen's guidance spooks markets, PSEi down 0.70% at closing
t Microsoft to announce mini Surface tablet?
e Families infuriated by 'crass commercialism' of 9/11 Museum gift shop
e 'Horrible Bosses 2' Trailer: 'Y'all Are The Craziest Criminals I've Ever Met'
e Under the Radar: Andrew Garfield
b IATA expects airline profits to hit US$18 billion in 2014
e Springsteen, Stevie Nicks to rock out at Hall of Fame ceremony
m Experts say they found no signs that Oscar Pistorius was mentally ill
b New home sales climb, but don't match year ago
e 'Friends' Central Perk Coffee Shop Coming to NYC for One Month
m US autism estimate grows to 1 in 68 children
b Support for Obamacare dips to 26 percent
t HarleyDavidson electric motorcycle images leaked
b FOREX-Dollar edges higher against euro, Fed meeting in focus
e Frances Bean Cobain to Lana Del Rey: Stop Romanticising Dad Kurt Cobain's  ...
e The names and faces of Coachella
t Visionary or loon? Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg goes on spending spree buying  ...
e Valley shops expect vinyl fans to turn out for Record Store Day
e Thicke thanks Patton
t Facebook for Android, iPhone to lose Messenger support in the coming days
t Neb. gas prices falling
t Apple alters the future again — here's how
e Woman Dies Of Apparent Overdose At Coachella
t Facebook drones to spread Internet
b Adobe Announces Creative Cloud Updates, Expanded Creative Profile
b Procter & Gamble 3rd-quarter net income edges up on cost cuts, revenue slips
t Adidas To Lauch App that will Print 'Instagram' Pictures on Shoes
e Captain America: The Winter Soldier | 4/5
e Harrison Ford Hurt On 'Star Wars' Set
e Model Emma Appleton posts screenshot of alleged message from Terry  ...
e Brad Pitt releases statement on red carpet accoster
e WATCH: The new Hobbit trailer has arrived – and there are EVEN MORE Elves  ...
t Microsoft's Surface Pro 3 Takes Aim at MacBook Air/iPad Users
b PRECIOUS-Gold holds above 1-month low, but US rate hike fears weigh
b Bund futures fall as Fed rate hikes expected sooner
t Connecticut Senator Richard Blumenthal Urges People to Stop Driving GM
b Microsoft Brings Office Suite to Apple's iPad
b Fed to keep policy normalisation on track
e Lorde To Curate & Lend Song To 'The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Pt. 1  ...
e 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' unearths record-breaking $100 million at  ...
b China Says Nearly One-Fifth of Its Arable Land Is Contaminated by Pollution
e Box Office: 'X-Men: Days Of Future Past' Nabs $261M Worldwide Debut
e Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles! New Trailer! and Coming Soon in Cinemas this  ...
e Lindsay Lohan says she had a miscarriage during reality show
t This baby's birth was the first of two at the Bronx Zoo over the last weeks.
t Aussie telcos announce Samsung Galaxy S5 pricing
e Chris Martin and Gwyneth Paltrow Getty Images - WireImage
e Star Wars museum will be built in Chicago by 2018, says George Lucas
e Macklemore apologizes amid costume criticism: 'Jewish stereotype' never  ...
e Brainy 'Lucy' muscles out 'Hercules' at box office
e Children's author Myers dies at 76
t 'Best computer model yet of our universe' revealed today
b Sally Beauty says it was hacked
e Game of Thrones: George RR Martin hits out at most shocking scene yet
e Miley cancels show due to flu
e True Detective casting rumors: Jessica Chastain offered lead role
m iPad May Be Allergy Source
e 'Grey's Anatomy' season 10 finale review: Sandra Oh's Cristina dances it out one  ...
t Phil Spencer: We Shouldn't Have "Sugar-Coated" Xbox One Controversy
t Tonight's brand-new meteor shower could turn into a 1000-meteors-per-hour storm
b Stock market live blog: Stocks slip, with Nasdaq on pace for 4th down day in row
b Consumer Watchdog Campaign: Health Insurance Companies Facing Prop 45's  ...
e 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' review: Despite script holes, hammy acting, it is  ...
b Salesforce Rises on Earnings Beat, Improved Outlook
e 'Shield' actor pleads not guilty in death of wife
t FTC: T-Mobile “crammed” bills with bogus fees, profited [UPDATE]
t Samsung Releasing Standalone Smartwatch that Can Make Calls This Summer
b Samsung Finds It Costly to Keep Up with China
m Saudi Arabia Review Finds Higher Number Of MERS Cases
e Beyonc&#233; Surprised Everyone at Coachella Last Night
t Office for iPad: One of Microsoft's finest moments
b State jobless rate up slightly in February, but down from a year ago
e Jamie Foxx in talks to play Mike Tyson in biopic
b Boeing bounces after orders for planes rise
e Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice announced, met with Internet snark
b PokerStars, Full Tilt Poker Sold: Amaya Gaming Group Seals US$4.9B Deal For  ...
e GALLERY: ALL the dresses from the TV BAFTA Awards 2014, featuring Michelle  ...
e Ashton Kutcher & Mila Kunis: Was The Pregnancy A Surprise?
t Google Glass Explorer program will reportedly be opened up to everyone in the  ...
b Column: Why I'm ditching my Amazon account
e Engaged! Johnny Depp gets his own diamond ring
b What you need to know before markets open
t Apple refreshes MacBook Air line, next is MacBook Pro
e Leave the fireworks to the experts
b Buy an 'all-natural' product that wasn't? Line up to get paid.
e True Blood Season 7 is Campy, Vampy and Tad Bit Trampy
b GM Adds Five More Recalls To Mounting List
t Netflix deal with verizon for Fastest streaming for visitors
e Former gymnast dominates 'American Ninja Warrior' course
t New Titanfall mode details and Titanfall Expedition DLC revealed
b Gold Prices Rise as Russia Cuts Ukraine Gas, Iraq "Spurs Short-Covering"
b Week Ahead: Markets Watch Iraq, Oil, Fed, Earns
m Marijuana may help some MS symptoms: Study
m February health coverage sign-ups fall below target
b BNP Paribas' $8.8bn fine shows it's time to break up the banks
e Dolly Parton thrills crowd at Glastonbury Festival
b AOL first-quarter profit misses estimate; shares tumble 22 percent
t Everyone in Germany who buys a Galaxy S5 in July gets a Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 for  ...
e Aronofsky's bold 'Noah' occasionally veers off course, but is never less than  ...
m More Than 200 Mumps Cases Confirmed in Ohio
b Sales of homes that have equity now highest in over six years
t Titan Aerospace is bought by Google
e Mother's Day Jokes Memes
e Beyonce and others make surprise appearances at Coachella
b easyJet plc Receives "Hold" Rating from Cantor Fitzgerald Europe (EZJ)
m Can a blood test predict Alzheimer's disease?
e Jessica Simpson marries ex -NFL Player Eric Johnson
t Networking systems also gets affected by Heartbleed bug
e Kanye West Controling Kim K Poses, Photos - Keeping up with the Kardashians
b Bitcoin auction in US won by venture capitalist Tim Draper
e David Arquette - David Arquette's Fiancee Confirms Engagement Reports
e Khloé Kardashian "adores" rapper French Montana.
t Amazon's Fire Phone: Firefly, Free Cloud and Other Big Takeaways
e Who Does 'Bachelorette's Chris Soules Name As The Next Bachelor?
b Target fires president of money-losing Canadian operations
b Gold Turns Flat On Safe Haven Demand
b Mortgage Rate Summary for BoA, Suntrust Jul 3, 2014
t Google Ready to Enter Streaming Wars With Android TV – (GOOG)
e 3 arrested outside of Taylor Swift's home for scuffle with security guards
t Editorial: On our way to the moon the nation came together
t Encrypted Email Volume Rising Amid Spying Fears
b 'Too early to tell' if Hillshire will hang onto all Pinnacle brands
t Recall of millions more GM cars over switches
t Judge Rejects Apple's Attempt to Block Sale of Older Samsung Phones
t Chromecast launching in 11 new countries today
t Netflix Officially Announces $1 Price Hike For Domestic Subscribers
b Credit Suisse Conviction Sends Warning to Banks Under Scrutiny
e Your Live-Action Jem and the Holograms Have Been Cast
e Beyonce is reportedly 'house-hunting without Jay Z'
m Women waiting longer to have their first child
e Robin Thicke names new album Paula after estranged wife and takes cringe to  ...
e Alternate Takes 05.24.14 - Ranking the X-Men Movies
e 'Draft Day' (2014) Movie Review
b Federal Reserve: Despite Improvments, US Economy Sputtering
b Shire rejects £27bn takeover AbbVie bid
b Warren Buffett defends Burger King tax flip as it merges with Canadian doughnut  ...
e 10 Best Star Wars Storylines From Marvel Comics
e Keeping Up with the Kardashian: Kim's 5 day honeymoon
e Michelle Obama to appear on May episode of 'Nashville'
b US bakery giant Panera to swear off artificial ingredients by 2016
b Oregon sues 5-hour Energy maker
b Nokia Names IndianOrigin Rajeev Suri As New CEO
t How To Opt-Out Of Facebook Inc (FB)'s Interest-Based Ads
e Home News Port Hope residents recall funny, kind-hearted...
t First Day of Spring to Bring...Winter Chill?
b Missing the Tax Deadline? 5 Key Facts About Extensions
t 2015 Toyota FCV – Futuristic Production Design Revealed
m Ghana: US citizen tested for Ebola
t Android 4.4.3 KitKat Update Roadmap: HTC, LG, Motorola, Samsung and Sony  ...
t Facebook 'Secretly Manipulated' News Feeds of Around 70K Users in 2012
e Wyatt Earp gun sells for $225000 at auction - San Diego, California News  ...
m More confirmed cases of West Nile Virus
e Billy Bob Thornton on 'Fargo,' and his killer character: 'like a member of the  ...
e Wayne Knight DEAD: DEATH of Seinfeld Star SHOCKS WORLD – Death Hoax  ...
b Can LinkedIn's Earnings Keep Up With Facebook, Twitter And Yelp?
t 'World's Largest Dinosaur' Discovered in Patagonia, Argentina
e Seth MacFarlane boosts 'Reading Rainbow'
t 100 Years of Dodge Revealed at Their 100th Birthday Celebration [Video]
e 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2' ropes in $92 million opening
e Rob Kardashian Reuters
e Lady Gaga's 'G.U.Y.' Exhibition Displayed at OUT NYC Hotel, First Images Hit  ...
e Rob Kardashian 'flies trainer to Paris'
e The Wrap Up: Happy Fourth of July From the Planet of the Apes
m Transfusions Of Young Blood Could Treat Alzheimer's Disease, Claim Scientists
t UN orders end of Japanese whaling in the Antarctic
b Existing-home sales rise 1.3% in April
e Veep Season 3 Episode 3 “Alicia”
e Walking Dead season four finale ends with a boom, a ratings boom
e Mark Ruffalo takes on daunting role as pioneering AIDS activist
e Mila Kunis Reveals Major Details About Her Pregnancy and Engagement  ...
e 'Bachelorette' contestant dies after paragliding accident
m Rise in obesity rates in developed countries linked to recent economic downturn
t Google's social network, Orkut shutting down this fall
e Robin Thicke Performs 'Get Her Back' To Get Back Paula Patton
t Apple to unveil 'iWatch' on September 9, a tech site reports
e Allison Williams to star in 'Peter Pan Live' on NBC
b Why US Airways Pilots Asked Judge to Lift Injunction Against Job Actions
e Kris Jenner shares 'happy photos' in Paris ahead of Kimye's wedding
e Tight Briefs week six winner: See the top 10 dating ads for Gwyneth Paltrow and  ...
e Kylie Jenner Posts Revealing Instagram Photo--Is She Trying To Get Back At  ...
t Tesla Motors makes its array of tech patents free to use
e L'Wren Scott's sister is furious over Los Angeles burial
e Kim Kardashian working hard to be on shape before D-day?
t Teardown Reveals New Entry-Level iMac Has Soldered Memory That Can't Be  ...
b Portugal's Top Oligarch Goes Down in Flames
t Twitter.com Gets Real-Time Pop-up Notifications
m Big hike in skin cancer
e 25 years later, 'Field of Dreams' cast reunites
t General Motors sued over fatal crash tied to ignition defect
e Good Friday 2014: 10 Inspiring Quotes, Sayings; 7 Blessings, Prayers to Share  ...
e One Direction's lawyers looking into leaked video
e Mayor Garcetti lets the F-word fly and a city starts talking
e Jenny McCarthy Confirms She's Leaving 'The View' After Sherri Shepherd  ...
b Monday's Top Health Care Stories: Medtronic, Covidien, Bluebird Bio, and  ...
t Sprint CFO: The sky isn't falling, management is working with SoftBank's Son
b Sterling index hits 5-1/2-year high
t Leaked Video Shows the Samsung Galaxy S5, 'Rough and Tumble' Model
t 3300-Year-Old Tomb Discovered Underneath Destroyed Pyramid In Egypt
e LINDSAY 'TOO POOR' TO PAY HER ASSISTANT
t Facebook offers privacy checkup to all 1.28 billion users
e Little Girl Cries Because She Doesn't Want Her Baby Brother to Grow Up (VIDEO)
e Mariah Carey 'Me I Am Mariah' Album Review: 'The Elusive Chanteuse' is Here  ...
b Major Averages Turn Mixed After Falling At The Open
e Gwen Stefani announced as new Voice US coach
t Fuel prices jump statewide, northern Nevada hit hard
t Twitch and Titanfall hit Xbox One to broadcast your 'bot-blasting
m Scientists still unsure of why yawning is contagious
t OpenSSL founder warns more support and funding needed to prevent another  ...
e Justin Bieber Apologizes for Posting Pic of Controversial Japanese WWII Shrine
e Los Angeles police are searching for a pair of burglars who broke into Miley  ...
t Xbox One's Live 'Core Services' Limited
b Colorado Harvests $2M in Marijuana Sales Taxes in One Month
b US retail sales rose 0.3% in May
t Most Americans are wary of futuristic science and tech
m HIV-infected men at increased risk for heart disease, large study finds
t What you should know about the recent ignition switch recalls | The Republic
e Chris Brown Blamed For 'Trouble' Between Kim Kardashian And Kanye West
t The limits to climate change adaptation
t Ford recalls Escape and C-Max vehicles; Chrysler recalls some minivans
e Juan Pablo Called 'The Worst Bachelor Ever?' Producers Of 'The Bachelor' Can't  ...
t EU's New Rules for Google Difficult to Enforce, May Take Several Weeks
m Whooping Cough Epidemic Hits California
t Sense 6 update will arrive to One (M7), Mini and Max this spring
e PICS: Scooter Braun's star studded wedding!
e Jessica Simpson And Eric Johnson Get Choked Up Over Wedding Vows, Have  ...
b Testing Underway After Water Leak At Site Of West Virginia Chemical Spill
e X-Men: Days of Future Past Soaring To Incredible Opening Weekend At Box Office
b Twitter Exec Exodus Continues with Media Chief Chloe Sladden
t Razer Unveils Android Gaming Micro-Console
t Facebook Faces Federal Complaint for Violating User Privacy
b Barclays to slash jobs at investment bank unit
t Mike Lynch: Meteor shower hard to predict
m Drain water, fight virus
b J.M. Smucker Hikes Coffee Prices For First Time In 3 Years
t Microsoft seizes domains of No-IP for alleged role in malware epidemic
b American Eagle Q4 falls 89% on lower sales, charges
b US to sic IRS on Russian banks
b Yahoo Revenue Finally Rises
e Ken Ham: The Unbiblical 'Noah' Is a Fable of a Film
b Australian Awaits RBA Decision, Westpac Net Rises 10%
t Violence In Iraq Affecting Prices At The Pump
e Japanese architect Shigeru Ban wins 2014 Pritzker Architect Prize
t All About 'Watch Dogs': PS4 Screens Feature Graphics, New Easter Eggs and a  ...
t Google device codenamed Flounder found – is it the Nexus 8?
e French Montana Cheated on Khloe Kardashian? Radio Intern's Explosive Claim  ...
t Tech Giants Fund Initiative To Prevent Future Heartbleeds
m Scientists identify antibodies against deadly emerging respiratory disease
b Target replaces head of Canadian operations
b Cupcake Chain Crumbs Might Yet Survive
b Amazon to pay employees up to $5000 to quit
e Spike Lee adapting 'She's Gotta Have It' as Showtime series
t Google says number of requests to remove search results in Europe rose to 70000
e Jay Z brings Made in America Music Festival to Los Angeles
e New Ad Campaign Urges A Ban On Calling Girls 'Bossy'
b Office Depot plans to close at least 400 US stores
b Investments Once Again Flowing to Emerging Markets
e My mom not a party girl: Lindsay Lohan
t BlackBerry reports $423M fourth-quarter loss; revenue falls
m Report raises questions about benefits of water births
t The Internet's Own Boy: The story of Aaron Swartz
b Marine Le Pen, the new face of Europe's rising far-right
e Eli Wallach, star of The Magnificent Seven, dies at 98
e Amazon Prime Gets HBO; Will Give Netflix a Run for Its Money
e A Game Of Thrones Movie? Not As Crazy As It Sounds
b The Economy Gets A Downgrade While Corporate Profits Get An Upgrade
m New fathers may need help with depression: study
e Kim Kardashian Vogue Cover With Kanye West - April 2014 (PHOTO)
e American Idol Set For A Shakeup With The Axe Of The Results Show?
e Lorde to Curate 'Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1' Soundtrack and Contribute  ...
b MARKET SNAPSHOT: Stocks Fall; Nasdaq Set For Biggest Loss In 7 Weeks
m New App Helps Smokers Kick the Habit
b Ask a Mexican: The ins and outs of gettin' sexy with a Mexi
e Paul McCartney returns to the stage in New York
m Hookahs not a safe alternative to cigarettes
e Jenny McCarthy: If Sherri Goes … I Go Too
t Apple launches iPhone 5C with 8GB storage for £429
e Hundreds take part in Way of the Cross
e Ray J Gives Kim K worst wedding gift possible
b Ackman: Pharma Industry Ripe for Cost Cuts
e Day 3: Behind the scenes at the Cannes Film Festival
t T-Rex Bones Arrive at Smithsonian
b China Rate Swaps Rise as Money Supply Report Tempers Easing Bets
e The Way Matt Bomer's Kids Reacted To His Drastic Normal Heart Weight Loss  ...
t HTC One 2 Price Announced for Verizon, AT&T and Google Play Edition
b Apple reportedly in talks to acquire Dr Dre's Beats Electronics
m Wrong Women Getting Double Mastectomies, Study Finds
e Get Blake Lively's Met Gala Look With the Exact Products She Used
b House GOP committed to Obamacare alternative, but passing a bill this year is  ...
b Bird flu in California; Vermont passes GMO bill; GMO funding; food safety roundup
t LG emphasizes simplicity in new G3 smartphone
e Is this a Banksy? New art appears near GCHQ
t Amazon's New Kindle App Profoundly Changed Reading Experience
t NASA gets go-ahead to build spacecraft set to visit asteroid
e 10 Things Miley Cyrus Can Do Now That She's Retired Twerking
t Americans witness year's first rare blood moon on lunar eclipse
e Pictures by Flora Thompson
e Courtroom Drama: Hollywood Sues Megaupload
e Brands go loco for Cinco de Mayo on Twitter
t Possible Lumia 820 replacement leaked, still wearing Nokia branding
t Report: Google's stealthy new ad formats boosted clickthroughs by 20% last  ...
b Student debt-laden college grads under 40 have $8700 median net worth
t The two companies' joint press release
t Another look at Project Ara, the team behind it, and its speedy development  ...
m Stewart Mills opposes Medicare cuts to home healthcare
b Pilot killed, bystander 'seriously burned' in Birchwood Airport crash
e Adele Tweet Sparks New Album Speculation
e 'American Idol' 2014 recap: Love songs and Lady Gaga
e Supreme Court's tech ignorance may help Aereo
t Windows Phone 8.1 Update 1 Preview
m World Blood Donor Day observed on 14 June
e ‎Rolf Harris Stripped of Industry Honors in UK, Australia
t Patent: Future iPhones may not Require External Audio Grilles
t Samsung Releases New Mini Galaxy S5
t Is Mark Zuckerberg a visionary or just nuts?
e Pink Floyd to release new album 'The Endless River'
e BREAKING NEWS - Jessica Simpson And Eric Johnson Tie The Knot!
e Amy Adams gives first class plane seat to soldier
t Another suspected meteor lights up Russia's skies
e Friends Weigh In on Tampa Native's 'Bachelorette' Win
e Hazanavicius drama debuts at Cannes
t Chrysler Records An Impressive 17% Jump In May Sales
b Ford has profitable Q1 but down from 2013
b Zillow, in buying rival Trulia, crafts $3.5 billion real estate titan
e Peaches Geldof funeral set...
e Check Out Expecting Parents Mila Kunis and Ashton Kutcher in an Upcoming  ...
t Climate change and crops: Food insecurity a growing concern
t Soyuz delivers new crew to ISS (VIDEO)
e Brody Jenner Declines Kim Kardashian & Kanye West's Wedding Invitation
e 'American Idol' dream continues as Oakland teens raise the bar
e Stephen Fry: 'Monty Python broke every rule of comedy'
b Allergan rejects Valeant Pharma's 'cut and slash' takeover
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West wed in Florence fortress
b Growth in euro-zone manufacturing eases in May
e 'Game of Thrones' final trailer debuts as cast invades NYC for Season Four red  ...
b Most W.Va. counties lost population in 2013; Monongalia led state gains
m Wikipedia is better than Google at tracking flu trends
e 'The Walking Dead' Season 5 Will Be Messy, Brutal and Thrilling
t Google Explains Exactly How It Reads All Your Email
e Production of Big Bang at standstill over contracts
b Stocks: Another Tuesday surge
e Tracy Morgan Upgraded To Fair Condition After NJ Turnpike Crash
b Ford CEO Mark Fields Gets $1.75 Million Base Salary
b Food Giants Sue to Block Vermont's GMO Labeling Law
b Smith & Wesson Holding Corporation (SWHC) - Roundup Review
e Maya Rawal | Trends that triumph
m Washington state park closes over health scare
t Full moon on Friday the 13th
e Jimmy Fallon Achieves Brilliance Again With Billy Joel
t Apple-IBM Deal to Offer Enterprise Apps on iPhone, iPad - Analyst Blog
m Study Reveals Chronic Lack of Sleep Can Lead to Obesity in Children
e Rolf Harris guilty of indecent assault
b Taco Bell serves up breakfast menu, Waffle Taco
e Viral Video of the Day: Weird Al's Pharrell Parody
e Jennifer Esposito slams ex Bradley Cooper in book 'Jennifer's Way'
e Bey & Jay's 'On the Run Tour' On Track to Break $100 Mil Threshold
b Option Players Target Alcoa Inc (AA) Amid M&A-Related Rally
e 'Game of Thrones' headed back to Northern Ireland for season 5
e Ford Feuds, Transgender Jews, and Farewell to Rock Action
b SolarCity expanding
t eBay cyber attack is a lesson
t Microsoft launches Surface Pro 3 as replacement to Laptops
t Astronomers say they've found an Earth-like planet
b US auto sales inch higher in March
e Actor injury to halt 'Star Wars' production for two weeks
b China Mobile 2013 profit falls 5.9 percent, misses estimates
e North Korea: Seth Rogen movie 'terrorism'
t Deals of the day- Mergers and acquisitions
t Amazon Handset to Help Bezos Make Direct Appeal to User
b EPA proposes cleaner air from existing coal-fired power plants
e Kristin Cavallari Welcomes Second Son Jaxon Wyatt
e Kim Kardashian switches her shoes and belt during limo ride to Met Gala
t Google Driverless Car: No Steering Wheel, No Problem
m Popular cholesterol medication 'may be too risky as heart drug'
m Mpls. VA research: Most women can skip pelvic exams
b Barclays accused of 'dark pool' fraud by NY attorney general
b Bacon Prices in U.S. Increase Following Virus
b China blocks proposed global shipping alliance
e Stiehm: Can we please change our national anthem to 'America the Beautiful?'
t Alpine Planning to Release Aftermarket CarPlay Console This Fall
e Wu-Tang Affiliate Who Cut Off Penis Was Really Into God
t Amazon to unveil smartphone in time for winter holidays
b Boston taxis attempt to shut down Uber
t Alert Logic Targets Microsoft Azure
e Ebiri: Muppets Most Wanted Succeeds If You Don't Expect Too Much
e Coachella 2014 live stream details: Watch Lorde, Muse, Arcade Fire, Skrillex
e There Will Be Dragons 5:47am ET
t How Google's driverless cars could save your life – and make you money
e Jenny Lewis Video Has Kristen Stewart, Anne Hathaway, Brie Larson — In Drag
e Why Guardians of the Galaxy is Marvel's iWatch
t Google Glass to Become More Fashionable With Luxottica Partnership
b All over the map: States' 'paid' Obamacare rates
t Nokia Concocts New Android Overlay: Z Launcher
t It's time: Google unveils official Android Wear smartwatch range including Moto  ...
m Coffee helps users
e Would You Listening To 24 Hours Of Kanye West Talking? It Could Be Your  ...
e Midlands residents ponder Jesus' Good Friday sacrifice
e Khloé Kardashian's Cryptic Instagram Messages: Over Lamar Odom -- and  ...
m Officials: 5000 People May Be Affected From Hepatitis A at Red Robin
t Tree-living carnivore tops this year's list of newly discovered species
t Lawsuit versus Oculus VR heads to court ahead of Facebook acquisition
e Watch These Cannes Trailers
b Macquarie Acquires Wind Power Assets to Diversify - Analyst Blog
t What can Neanderthal excrement tell us? A lot, it turns out.
t PR Newswire
b Money Minute: IRS Warns of Huge Tax Scam; Big Banks Pass Stress Test
t Facebook debuts new Snapchat rival app Slingshot — for real, this time
e Courtney Love thinks she's found missing Malaysia Airlines jet - and posts  ...
e Obama Assures Japan Of US Security Commitment
e Feds: Not yet for "Palcohol"
b Wintergreen Advisers Sends Second Letter to Warren Buffett on Coca-Cola  ...
b Salesforce.com teams up with Philips to take healthcare into the cloud
t Without Fanfare, Facebook Releases Updated Android App, And It Still Has Chat
t As Dr. Dre Confirms Apple's Purchase Of Beats Audio, The Mood Online Is  ...
e Why Kim Kardashian's Friends Haven't Received Wedding Invitations
e Freddie Prinze Jr. Slams Kiefer Sutherland
b Credit Suisse escapes worst with $2.5-billion fine as it pleads guilty to US charges
m FDA approves new antibiotic from Durata Therapeutics for common skin infections
e Harris faces jail for indecent assaults
t Kickstarter complaints overwhelm Facebook-Oculus deal
e Chris Hemsworth And Wife Elsa Pataky Share First Photo And Names Of Newly  ...
t Moto X+1 to have 3D Display and Optical Zoom
b There Is Only One Real Issue That Piketty Must Explain
t Apple, Inc.'s iPad Pro Launch Could Be Closer Than You Think
b Disney may buy YouTube network Maker Studios for $500M
b Consumer confidence hits 6-year high in June
t Microsoft restructuring will cost 18000 jobs, most in Nokia unit
b John Kerry Presses India on Global Trade Deal as Deadline Looms
m In Women with Gestational Diabetes, Exercise Lowers Type 2 Diabetes Risk
t Report: Nike Fuelband team firings tip off change in strategy
b US airlines to disclose bag and seat allocation fees before purchase
m Foodborne outbreaks down but less being solved - CSPI
b June jobs report shows US recovery is accelerating - FOX5 Vegas - KVVU
b Adobe Releases 2014 CC Update, iPad Apps, Stylus and Ruler
b Argentina president criticises US court order
e Lindsay Lohan reveals she's dating a married man with kids (Report)
b Wall Street stoked over Alcoa earnings
t Intel, Google buddy up for this year's big Chromebook push
b Intel Corporation (INTC) Earnings Beat, Stock Jumps
e Watch: Gwen Stefani and Pharrell perform "Hollaback Girl" on The Voice
b Mortgage Interest Rates Today for Conventional, FHA, USDA and VA Loans
b Stocks Close Mostly Higher
t Technology firms write to U.S. FCC to oppose 'net neutrality' plan
m FDA to Issue Salt Reduction Guidelines for Food Industry
e Miley Cyrus - Miley Cyrus gives away dog
e X-Men: Days of Future Past: We Are Going to Already Loved This Movie
t 7th grader doodles his way towards Internet fame
e J. Lo unveils new album's cover art and title -- VIDEO
m Liberia pleads for help as Ebola spreads
t Apple Appeals Against the Court's Ruling for E-book Price Fixing
t Mysterious Ship Found in World Trade Center Ruins Is From the 1700s
t $48.5 billion deal
b Google's 1Q earnings disappoint
e Glee Season 6: Episode Count Is Up in the Air
e 06/07/2014Huge crowds launch Spain's Pamplona bull-run festival
e Your Week in Music: Stream the new Black Keys album - WNEM TV 5
e Beyonce visits sister Solange in New Orleans as the pair prove all is well while  ...
t Patent Medicine: Tesla Makes Its Technology Available To Everyone, For Free  ...
t Amazon Preparing to Launch a Subscription Book Service
e Powers: Good Friday, then and now
e Danny Boyle In Talks To Direct Aaron Sorkin's Steve Jobs Movie; Leonardo  ...
t Las Vegas gas prices surge another 3 cents
b Europe Earnings: adidas, BNP Paribas, Lloyds Banking, Weir
m Two MERS antibody studies may help quest for treatment
t Apple Devices in Australia Locked, Held for Ransom
e Gosling's Directorial Debut at Cannes Slammed by Critics
e Favreau serves up a charming offering that stirs the appetite
e The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back  ...
t 900 ID numbers stolen from Canada's tax agency in Heartbleed bug breach
b Bank Of America Agrees To Pay $9.3 Billion To Settle Mortgage Bond Claims
t GM to recall 33000 Chevrolet Cruzes
b High fees eroding many 401 retirement accounts
t Internet Giants Raise Concerns About Net Neutrality Plan
t Microsoft plans to cut 1000 jobs in Finland: report
b One Year After Rana Plaza Tragedy, UFCW Canada Embarks on Fact-Finding  ...
t Fallible Facebook – Down For Nearly 30 Minutes Globally
t Microsoft unveils low-cost Office 365 Personal
b Crude oil prices edge lower in New York
e New York Times publisher Sulzberger outlines reasons for Abramson ouster
m New “At Home” Heroin Antidote
t Android everywhere at Google I/O
t T-Mobile Announces Data-Free Music Streaming, iPhone Test-Drive Program
e 'Fargo' has a decent ratings start for FX
t Take a look at the 'blood moon' caused by lunar eclipse
e X-Men: Days of Future Past Review
m Pollen Vortex Could Be A Result Of Polar Vortex This Spring
t SpaceX files suit over US Air Force launch contracts
t Apple to live stream 'exciting announcements' from June 2 WWDC 2014 keynote
e Zara under fire for kids' shirt resembling Holocaust uniform
e Rob Kardashian 'causing friend fears'
e Bob Geldof's daughter Peaches dead at age 25
t General Motors in major recall after safety review
e 'Captain America' sets April record with $96.2M - ABC6 - Providence, RI and  ...
t Google Glass wearable technology comes to the UK
t BBM released for Windows Phone, at long last
e AC/DC deny retirement rumours and reveal plans for future music Frontman  ...
e Pippa Middleton to cycle 3000 miles across the US in charity bike ride
b EUR/USD: Euro Steady After Recent Sharp Losses
e Eva Mendes is reportedly pregnant with Ryan Gosling's baby
b Crude oil trading outlook: both WTI and Brent futures unchanged ahead of US oil  ...
m Tamiflu – governments stockpiling a useless drug?
e Johnny Weir, husband Victor Voronov split (Photo)
b Deutsche Bank first-quarter profits fall 34 per cent
e /Film Interview: 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' Producer Talks Cybertron, Hot  ...
b US home prices lift in March
t NASA's Kepler Telescope Finds Earth-Like Alien Planet
t Honda, others recall nearly 3M vehicles
t Amazon Phone Specs, Release Date & Leaked Rumors: Kindle Software Phone  ...
e Miley Cyrus hospitalized in Kansas City, cancels concert - WFSB 3 Connecticut
m Salty snacks may speed up aging in overweight teens
t Scientists discover largest dinosaur bones ever
e Should 'Bossy' Be Banned?
b Candy Crush Saga belongs to group of complex mathematical problems
b Google Beats Facebook on Workplace Perks
e 'Amazing Spider-Man 2' Picture: Uncomfortably Close With Green Goblin
e Acclaimed actor-director Richard Attenborough dies at 90
m Citing Ebola, Air France suspends flights
b PRC denies Uber's application to operate in New Mexico
t Virginia Police to Enforce Seat-Belt Use as Part of 'Click It or Ticket' Campaign
e Ariana Grande Performs Acoustic Version of "Problem"
t Google has no plans to abandon Nexus smartphones and tablets
b Australia opens tender for MH370 search, to probe British sailor's claim
t Nasa Just Unveiled This Amazing Global Selfie
t Stop selling Cruze sedans on air bag issue: GM to dealers
b The Only Thing You Need To See To Understand Alibaba
t WWE Online Network Is Already Body-Slamming Tons of Subscribers
e Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles First Trailer! [Video}
e Cameron Diaz: You see everything in my first nude scene
t Sony Tells Customers to Stop Using Vaio Fit 11A Laptop After Batteries Overheat
t Feds Ignored GM Ignition Complaints
e Gorilla warfare
e So, we need to talk about Rihanna's out-of-control baby hair situation...
m Don't Take Niacin for Heart Health, Docs Warn
e 'Bachelorette' Contestant Dies of Injuries from Paragliding Accident
e 'The Normal Heart' starring Mark Ruffalo: 3 stars
e Miley Cyrus' new kitty tattoo is as dreadful as it sounds
t T-Mobile Will Give You a Free iPhone to Try Out for a Week
t Facebook Hit by Brief Morning Outage
t iOS 8 Adds Beefed-Up Enterprise Features
t Morning Pick-Me-Up: Italian Astronauts Bringing Coffee Maker aboard  ...
e Johnny Depp's 'Transcendence' Struggling At US Box Office As 'Heaven Is For  ...
t Hidden 'Ocean' Discovered Deep Underground Near Earth's Core
b AT&T's Next, Mobile Share Adoption Impacts 1Q Earnings
t ZeniMax sues start-up Oculus
t Bloomberg: Apple Inc. to release 2 new iPhones this fall
m UK's Cameron Calls for Global Action on Superbug Threat
t Arrest made in Devon in connection with Blackshades software that can remotely  ...
e George Clooney's Beirut-born bride-to-be Amal Alamuddin brings "bright light" to  ...
b Amazon to Buy Digital Comic Book Company ComiXology
e Friends: Real Central Perk Opening in NYC
e 'Chimerica,' 'Book of Mormon' win at Oliviers - KCTV5
b High Frequency Trading Hits 60-Minutes Scrutiny; Trading or Skimming?
e Hugh Jackman Wants His X-Men To Steal One Major Idea From Star Wars
e JK Rowling leads tributes to Sue Townsend
e Tom Hanks hoping to reunite with Steven Spielberg
b Danish shipping, oil group Moller-Maersk sees 30 per cent jump in first-quarter  ...
e Rapper Rick Ross Arrested For Outstanding Warrant In North Carolina After  ...
e Parts of 'The Fault in Our Stars' movie adaptation filmed at Mt. Lebanon's St  ...
b Health insurance deadline right around the corner
e Macklemore's Ryan Lewis Proves Nobody Knows Who He Is or What He Does  ...
e Harrison Ford injured on Star Wars set
b Taxi Drivers Face Uber Trouble
m Hawaii leading the way on tackling skin cancer
e HBO drama probes trauma of a missing 2 percent
t The new A series of smartphones could be launched by Samsung
e Chris Brown - Chris Brown Not Interested In Reality Tv Show
t Harley-Davidson Announces Plans for Electric Motorcycle [VIDEO]
t AT&T Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini handset to be available from May 23
t 13 Things Google's New Driverless Car Looks Like
m Central Ohio Mumps Outbreak Grows To Nearly 70
t Sochi golden for Comcast's 1Q; X1 reducing churn
t Samsung Launches 28-inch 4K UD590 Monitor for $700
e Michael Strahan Joining â€˜Good Morning Americaâ€™ as â€˜Utility Playerâ€™
t FTC Officially Approves Facebook's Acquisition Of WhatsApp, With Stern Warning
e WNBA first round draft pick Stefanie Dolson to appear on The Tonight Show with  ...
t Microsoft bets big on the large robots and fast gunplay of 'Titanfall' for Xbox One
e Berry stars as pregnant astronaut on 13-episode series 'Extant'
t Tech Sightings, April 24, 2014
b Apple in talks to buy Japanese chipmaker, report says
b Australian Bitcoin traders burnt in Mt.Gox crash
b Draghi puts euro strength at centre of ECB policy debate
e Disney's Zendaya Coleman To Play Late R&B Singer Aaliyah In Lifetime Biopic
t Facebook goes button crazy: Relationship “Ask” and “I'm a Voter”
t See the lunar eclipse April 15
t Apple and IBM team up on B2B deal
b Citi nears settlement with US regulators over faulty mortgage sale probe
t Why is the Chinese government targeting US tech giants?
e Jill Abramson's message to new graduates (and herself): “Show what you are  ...
b General Motors apologize for deaths tied to parts they knew were faulty
t Chevrolet bringing tiny Trax to US and China as demand for compact SUVs grows
m Financial requirements in Illinois medical marijuana draft rules seen as  ...
e Tips for a Safe Fourth of July
e Mila Kunis' Bump Makes Red-Carpet Debut
e Easter Weekend Box Office: Transcendence Fails to Transcend, A Haunted  ...
b Snacks, new prices boost Pepsi profits
t Office For iPad: Microsft Unveils Word, Excel And Powerpoint For Apple Tablets
e Zac Efron Attacked Monday Morning in Los Angeles
b Ireland's Manufacturing Sector Continues To Expand
t 2015 Ford Mustang Convertible to recreate Empire State Building stunt
t 'Osmo' App Combines Real-World Puzzles With iPad
e Peaches Geldof found dead at home; Bob Geldof's daughter was 25
b Vladimir Putin Is Having His Own 'Nixon In China' Moment
e AP Music WriterApril 12, 2014 Updated 20 minutes ago
e Jenny McCarthy reveals her 'laid back' wedding planning
m The Top 10 Myths About Tanning
t Intel to make tablet chips with Rockchip China
t 5 cool things at E3: This year it's software
b BMW to invest $1 bln to expand US production by 50%
b Two planes almost collided over Newark Liberty Airport, federal report finds
t Google Glass To Go Up For One-Day Sale In US
e Photos from 'The Bachelorette' finale with Andi Dorfman | KABC7 Photos and  ...
e Elegant Louvre Garden becoming infested with rats
b Obama makes insurance company bailout bigger despite public outrage
b NYC Transit Worker Deal Offers Raises Without MTA Fare Increases
e ScHoolboy Q basks in glow of No. 1 at SXSW
b FOREX-Yen and Swiss franc gain as Ukraine worries feed safety bid
e Lena Dunham deletes molestation tweet, apologizes
e Oculus movie review: Well-crafted, intriguing
m Run Your Way To Longer Life, Says Study
b Dick's Sporting Goods sees strong finish to year
b Student Loan Debt Totals $1 Trillion; Widens Wealth Gap
t First Phase of Diablo III Auction House Shutdown Begins Today
e Chelsea Lately: E! Series Ending on August 25th
e Justin Bieber 'Brainwashed' Selena Gomez: 'She's A Completely Different  ...
t Sony Project Morpheus revealed as virtual reality headset
t Can BlackBerry Become The Next Security Superpower?
m McCain, others call for full VA investigation
t Phones armed with anti-theft features
e Taylor Swift and Selena Gomez Update- Could the Former BFF's Rekindle Their  ...
m WATCH: Skin cancer awareness on Melanoma Monday
t Twitter launches #FirstTweet website
e Pharrell's 'Happy' makes people happy, creates online video campaign with the  ...
b Asiana Airlines Flight 214 Crash Update: Pilots Blamed for Plane Crash That Left  ...
m As MERS hits US, scientists search for causes, treatments
b China trade surplus rises to US$18.45bil in April
b US justice department indicts Chinese military officers over economic espionage
m States Graded On 'Fertility Friendliness'; New England Tops List, Alaska Gets An  ...
e Eminem's touching new video, and more news to note
e Stars were out in force for the Met Gala
e Brad Pitt Can't Keep His Hands Off Smouldering Angelina Jolie At Maleficent  ...
e IDOL CHATTER: Jena Irene, Alex Preston, Caleb Johnson make Top 3 on  ...
t Phil Schiller: Samsung's Copying Causes People To Question Apple's  ...
e Kim Kardashian-Kanye West's Wedding Festivities Begin at Palace of Versailles
t Google's Android Continues Company's Quest for World Domination
e Pippa & James Middleton To Cycle Across The USA In Memory Of Late Pal The  ...
e Lionel Richie's name misspelled at BET Awards ahead of big honor
e Pictures From Jessica Simpson and Eric Johnson's Wedding Land Online
b S.Korea stocks set for worst day in 2 weeks; won flat
t Panic on web as Heartbleed bug leaves millions of users vulnerable
b Yen gains in Asia after US stocks fall
t PlayStation 4 Breaks 7 Million Units Sold Worldwide
e Jennifer Aniston wants to elope with Justin Theroux
b Alibaba heads for a record IPO
b Short Interest in Tesla Motors Drops By 6.1% (TSLA)
b 'Aggressive' Bullish Options Activity Seen in Allergan Ahead of Tie-Up News
b Target replaces Canadian president after troubled expansion
b Iraq Conflict sends Oil prices soaring to 9 month high
e Lupita Nyong'o crowned most beautiful
b BSkyB Confirms Pay TV Talks With 21st Century Fox -- 5th Update
e Godzilla: Less Is More For The Best Monster Bash In Ages
m FDA approves Afrezza to treat diabetes
t AHSAA launches mobile app
b Procter & Gamble 3Q net income up on cost cuts
t Two planets destined to die as their star expands
m iPad, other devices may give you a rash, research shows
t Gas Prices Rise 4.3 Cents In Chattanooga
e Rihanna's Naked Dress At CFDA Awards – Make It POP Or STOP?
e Who Got Voted Off Dancing with the Stars 2014 Tonight? Week 2
m New Study to Check Risks of Using Mobile/Wireless Devices in Children to  ...
e Brody Jenner Lies Naked in Kim Kardashian's Bed to Overcome Sibling  ...
t LG to reveal round G Watch next week
e Prince's polo play date — on first Father's Day
b Gazprom and Eni sign deal on gas price revisions
m Blood from young mice shown to reverse aging
e North Korea vows 'merciless' retaliation against US
t iPhone 6 Leaked Images
b SC refuses Subrata Roy's bail; lets company sell properties to raise money
m EBOLA ALERT | Airport health teams tracking passengers from West Africa, or  ...
b Localities Want More Say in Transportation Spending
e 'Scandal' actor Columbus Short arrested after restaurant brawl
e From Cleaning Toilets to Intergalactic Royalty: Jupiter Ascending [Trailer +  ...
e IF/THEN, Starring Idina Menzel, Opens on Broadway Tonight!
b IPO ETF to Add Candy Crush Maker King Digital
e Valerie Harper Is 'Cautiously Optimistic' More Than A Year After Her Terminal  ...
e Win The New Johnny Cash Album With 99 KZ Country!
t Apple's iOS 8 includes health monitoring app
t NASA's rover Curiosity find 'Australia' on Mars
t Google Maps Now Lets You Time Travel Through Its Street View Archives
t Nokia names Suri CEO as sales drop
b GM recalling another 1.5 million vehicles over safety issues
e 'Weird' Al Yankovic's New Album is Insult Comedy Gold
e Photos: Prince George steals the show on Father's Day
e Transit Sam, July 4, 2014 traffic advice
t Snowden to tech leaders: 'We need you to help us'
m New plant-based sweetener could be a healthier option for diabetics
t Avast support forum hack snags usernames, passwords
t Why Microsoft Office for the iPad just might make sense for your real estate  ...
t Titanfall Tops March Sales But PS4 Is On Top
e The 'Mighty Morphin Power Rangers' Are Getting A Movie
e Marvel's Thor Will Now Be a Woman
e Selena Gomez Cut Kylie, Kendall Jenner On Instagram Over 'Toxic' Life Not  ...
e Pink Floyd's New Album 'The Endless River' Set for October Release
t Huawei Ascend P7 review: first look
b Crude Oil Lower Ahead Of Inventories, Fed
e Danny Boyle May Direct Aaron Sorkin's Steve Jobs Biopic, Leonardo DiCaprio  ...
m Syrian war victims and refugees with cancer denied treatment due to lack of funds
e Jennifer Lopez to return as American Idol judge
e Robin Williams maintains his sobriety with ongoing 12-step treatment in Minnesota
e Guardians of the Galaxy Movie Cast, Characters, and News Update: Chris Pratt  ...
t Samsung Galaxy S5 also region-locked, here are the details
m Michigan man gets 'bionic eye'
m At last! Judge rules Justina Pelletier can return home to her family after 16-month  ...
m National Study Releases Health Rankings by State and County
t Virgin Media's TV Anywhere app now works on the latest Android devices
b PRECIOUS-Gold slips nearly 2 pct as dollar firms, China demand wilts
b Dollar gets boost from March wholesale prices
t NASA launches carbon satellite
e Watch: Woman shocks audience, commentators with amazing performance on  ...
t Rocket carrying Russian-American crew blasts off for ISS
t White House Taking New UN Report As Call For Action On Global Warming
m Free HIV tests at Walgreens with Virginia Department of Health
t Soft robotic fish makes a big splash
b Target taking 2 major steps to boost security
b Forex Market: USD/JPY trades little changed, poised for first weekly advance in a  ...
b Reaching another milestone, the Standard & Poor's 500 index closes above  ...
b UPDATE 1-Portugal's Millennium BCP bank sharply cuts first-half loss
e The History of Cinco de Mayo and Why it's Celebrated in the U.S.
t Google shows off Android Auto, wearables and more
m Being bilingual may help slow brain aging
e Will Amazon's Fire TV Catch Fire?
t Samsung's 28-inch, billion-color, UHD 4K display up for pre-order for less than  ...
m Five new Ebola cases in Guinea in 24 hours
e Survivor's Caleb Bankston Dead at 26
t Google to reportedly kill Voice, integrate it into Hangouts
t New iPad XL: Is Apple planning 12.9-inch tablet in wake of larger iPhone?
e She's Pregnant! Vanessa and Nick Lachey Expecting Baby No. 2
e Vermont reminds public about fireworks danger
t GeekWire Radio: Fun games, useful utilities and more of our favorite apps
e Peaches Geldof found dead at home at the age of 25
m Saudi health minister sacks deputy as MERS toll rises
e North Korea takes case against Seth Rogen film The Interview to UN
b GLOBAL MARKETS-Asian shares at 1-year high, bonds fly high on ECB
b Preview: 'Candy Crush' Maker King to Go Public
e REVIEW: Amazon's Fire TV Is A Leap Forward For Set-Top Boxes, But With Its  ...
e Rolf Harris faces jail after guilty verdict in sex trial
e Robert Pattinson-Kristen Stewart Still in Touch; Will they Get Back Together?
e Reality TV Show Star Shot
e Megan Fox believes Ellen DeGeneres is sexy
e 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' 9/11 poster shell shocks social media
b Dollar steadies in Asia
t T-Mobile and US Cellular detail Samsung Galaxy S5 pre-orders
e 'Batman V. Superman': First Official Henry Cavill Image
b Asian Equities Higher after US Jobs Data
t Fingerprint Scanners: Apple iPhone 5s vs. Samsung Galaxy S5 [Video]
t How to Really Celebrate Earth Hour Every Day [Infographic]
m Bristol County Healthiest in RI; Providence Worst
m Are Half Of US Adults 40-75 Really In Need Of Cholesterol Meds?
t What Does Neil deGrasse Tyson's 'Cosmos' Say About Religion?
b Blue Line Tracks at O'Hare Had Working Automatic Brakes, Investigators Say
t Apple's iPad Launching On NTT DoCoMo, Japan's Largest Mobile Carrier, On  ...
e Change text size for the story
e Transformers 4 'Age of Extinction' Trailer, Cast and Plot: Critics Give Mark  ...
e Kim Kardashian Pens Essay on Racism
t Beats Audio's Dr Dre And Jimmy Iovine May Take On Senior Roles At Apple
e Tracy Morgan Recovering, Truck Driver in Crash Pleads Not Guilty
b 'Vulture fund' asks for hearing with Griesa over Argentinean 'payment violation'
b Car sales down for 2nd year running
e Coldplay's new song hints at Chris Martin's heartbreak during marriage split
b AT&T Offers $48.5B for DirecTV
b I-495 in Delaware closes indefinitely at Christina River bridge
e Jack Bauer Proves Relevancy Before Air: '24''s Ad Price Soars
b IMF's Lagarde says weak US growth has limited spillovers
t Ford celebrates Mustang's 50th
e John Mayer 'Fancies Lea Michele'
m Ebola Outbreak Death Toll Reaches 100 in Guinea
b Senate Appoints Vice Chair, Confirms 2 Other Fed Nominees
e Gregg Allman Biopic Filmmakers Have Turned Themselves In to Georgia Police
e Miley Cyrus Sports Car: Found!
m 3D mammograms may improve breast cancer screening, at a cost
t Snapchat Settles with US Regulator, Faces 20 Years Privacy Oversight
t Nintendo earnings tank as Wii U continues to struggle
e Settlement reached over Mickey Rooney burial
t Wearable tech gaining momentum: survey
e Mark Ruffalo Blames Ben Affleck for Ruining Friendship With Jennifer Garner
e Channing Tatum helps out Mila Kunis in 'Jupiter Ascending'
e Gwyneth Paltrow's mom, Blythe Danner, reportedly devastated by split
e The Walking Dead Season 4 Finale: Will Beth Greene Die at Terminus?
e Bachelorette Season 10 Finale Episode Stream [SPOILERS] Andi Dorfamn Gets  ...
b Chinese families clash with police, slam Malaysia over lost plane
t siliconANGLE » OpenSSL Heartbleed vulnerability may affect millions
b Economy, labor market expanding across US: Beige Book
e Oscar Isaac: 'JJ Abram's Approach to Star Wars: Episode VII Is Refreshing'
t Biggest ever dinosaur found in Argentina !
e Macaulay Culkin Storms Off Stage in Manchester After Crowd Haul Food Missiles
t Apple & IBM enterprise partnership hits BlackBerry hard
e TV RECAP: It's the Somewhat Calm Before the Royal Wedding on 'Game of  ...
t In California Self-driving cars get green light
t Web inventor calls for Internet Bill of Rights
t Gas prices increase almost 5 cents a gallon
b Jane Wardell and Siva Govindasamy, Reuters
e Louis CK, Zach Galfianakis to Work Together on FX Comedy Series “Baskets”
e New Game Of Thrones Trailer: Daenerys Has Massive Dragons, Sansa Gets Teary
b Markets Await Eurozone PMIs Data, Euro At Risk
t GM safety crisis grows as recalls mount
e Want to Be in the New Star Wars? It'll Cost You $10
b The Megadeal Makes a Comeback
t OPINION: Should Facebook have experimented on 689000 users and tried to  ...
b Is the factory collapsea turning point?
e 'Community' to Return for Sixth Season Exclusively on Yahoo Screen
m Experts: Oscar Pistorius not mentally ill during girlfriend's killing
e Bill Murray Crashes Bachelor Party, Gives Inspiring Speech on Love
b People Are Furious Over Burger King's Gay Pride Whopper
t Non-liquid water buried deep within Earth's crust
b JD.com prices IPO at US$19, above range
t Mars 'flying saucer' splashes down
b GLOBAL MARKETS-Shares tick up cautiously but China growth fear weighs
b Undersea audio recording could hold MH370 clue, say Curtin University  ...
b Draghi comments at ECB news conference
b ECB's Constancio Says No Deflation Prospects for Euro Zone
b Major Averages Posting Notable Losses In Mid-Day Trading
m Research and Markets: 2014 Report on the International Home Healthcare (Web  ...
e Joan Rivers Angers Cleveland Kidnap Victims
m States Told to Find Way to Clear Medicaid Backlog
t Watch Dogs review round-up: Grand Theft Auto with hacks, but far from a world  ...
t Friday the 13th and a full moon can lead to real fears for some
m 1918 killer flu pandemic mystery revealed
m Pfizer experimental breast cancer drug results promising
m Mindy Tran lays down in front of car to stop it rolling into traffic with twin girls inside
t Samsung launches direct iPad competitor, Galaxy Tab S
b Canadian auto sales set May record; Ford, Toyota, Hyundai lag others
t CONSUMER ALERT: Fandango, Credit Karma In Security Flaw Settlement
e CLAIM: Khloe Kardashian and Lamar Odom's Nightclub "Run-In" Was a "Setup"
t Sony: No personal information accessed during PSN DDoS
m Brazil World Cup: Experts issue dengue fever high alert for three cities
t Apple, Google, Intel, Adobe settle hiring lawsuit
e Kim Kardashian Blonde Hair 'Just a Wig,' E! Star Admits (PHOTO)
t NASA launches carbon satellite to track global warming 5 years after original  ...
b How Much Is Snapchat Worth? Alibaba Says $10 Billion: Report
t Steve Jobs Hinted At A 'Magic Wand' For The Apple TV In An Email
e Longtime Soul Singer Bobby Womack Dies at 70
e Khloe Kardashian's Boyfriend French Montana Cheating? Radio Intern Mariela  ...
b 3 Stocks Ripe With Risks: Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA), Twitter Inc (NYSE  ...
e Kendall Jenner Slammed on Twitter After Billboards Flub (VIDEO)
b Toyota shuts 2 India plants in lockout of workers demanding wage hikes
e Pharrell Under Attack Again For Black Marilyn Monroe Cover Art
t Heads up! Supermoon coming
t Microsoft spreads Cortana abroad in Windows Phone
e Dina Lohan pleads guilty to drunk driving, speeding
b Darden books $2.1 billion price for Red Lobster seafood chain
m Cruise industry continues to battle unfavorable tides
e Actor who played police officer in TV series pleads not guilty to killing wife in Los  ...
b Best Buy swings profit on tax benefit, cost cuts
e 'Dancing with the Stars' returned for Season 18 on ABC with new things
e Beyonce And Jay Z FINALLY Reveal Unseen Video From Their Wedding – Cute!
t Sony PSN back online after DDoS attack
b Moody's cuts ratings on two Puerto Rico public corporations
m Married couples have similar DNA
b Lowest number of Americans seeking jobless benefits in almost 7 years  ...
b BITCOIN TAX EXPERT: IRS Ruling Creates 'Quite A Burden' For Digital  ...
e “Sharknado 2: The Second One” Pulls 3.9 Million Viewers, Sets Social Media  ...
b Bills propose $195 million payment to Detroit
b N.C. employers shed 11300 jobs in February
m News Alert: Nevada stores sold chicken being recalled for salmonella
e Monty Python farewell shows aim for Jagger-like energy jolt
m Canada's dermatologists visit Parliament Hill this Melanoma Monday
b Sprint, T-Mobile Move Closer to a $50B Merger: Report
t Devs are asking for Xbox Early Access program, ID@Xbox boss says
e Terry Richardson Denies Sexual Harassment Claims
e George Clooney pet pig was his baby: Ex-girlfriend Elizabeth
e The First Trailer for 'St. Vincent' Is Here and It Already Has Oscar Buzz
t Facebook (FB) makes $2 billion bet on virtual reality company Oculus
e 'Game of Thrones' wedding brings surprise
m 4000 Pounds of Beef Recalled in the US; Meat at Risk for Mad Cow
t Apple Plans To Make iPhone 6 Display Hard To Break With Sapphire Crystal  ...
e Nick Lachey's Wife Vanessa Lachey Pregnant, Couple Expecting a Baby Girl!
e Kristin Cavallari gave birth to a baby son Jaxon Wyatt Cutler
b GM's recall was years after defect left drivers with unsafe vehicles
m Running Just 5 Minutes a Day Can Help You Live Longer
e Artists and council seek to protect 'Banksy' artwork in Cheltenham
t The 'future of gaming' is here: Morpheus, Sony's VR headset revealed at GDC
t New Galaxy S5 version spotted on Samsung's website
m Report: Medicaid expansion would cover 120K in Wis.
b TradeTheNews.com US Market Update: Yellen Talks Down Job Market, Euro  ...
t YouTube Adds 'Tip Jar' To Reward Video Creators
b Colorado gets its first weed vending machine
t Virtual Insanity: Sony enters VR fray
t Valve's VR Headset Makes Appearance at Boston VR Jam
t Edward Snowden: NSA setting fire to the internet
t iPhone 5s vs. Galaxy S4 Sales: Apple Inc. Dominate Smartphone Sales in Major  ...
m VIDEO: Marriage Is Good For Heart Health, Study Says
e Kanye booed for insipid narcissistic rant at London's Wireless Festival (Video)
b Tokyo court extends Mt. Gox bankruptcy investigation to May 9
t MotoGP: Marquez continues COTA domination with pole
t Towering Waves Are a New Feature of the Increasingly Ice-Free Arctic
e Adorable 5 Year Old Really Doesn't Want Her Baby Brother to Grow Up
t Google Introduces 'Time Travel' Feature For Street View
t Opinion: Time to rein in the climate change carbon baggers
e Captain America 2 stays top in US on $41m
t Facebook has been playing with your mood
e Review: 'Transformers' is more of the same
m WHO: Spread of polio is global emergency
e Shell-shocked: Backlash over Ninja Turtles' 9/11 'mistake'
b Walmarts Q1 Earnings amp; Revs Miss Ests
b Redskins statement on trademark registration ruling
b Wise Decisions with Retirement in Mind
t NAB Chief Wants Federal Regulators To Create A National Broadcast Plan
e Feds approve 'powdered alcohol'
e Chelsea Handler's E! chatshow Chelsea Lately to end this summer
e Ellen DeGeneres Surprises Chelsea Handler In the Shower & More Finale  ...
e Who Was Voted Off American Idol 2014 Tonight? Top 4
e Beyoncé Sparks Jay Z Affair Speculation With On The Run Performance (VIDEO)
e Brandon Jenner admits that he kissed Kim Kardashian. Yes, she is his step-sister.
m Beef Sent to NYC Restaurant Recalled for Possible Mad Cow Risk
e Scotty McCreery Super Secret
t Nest Protect is back and comes with a price cut
b Gilead: This Baby Has Been Thrown Away With The Bathwater
t 16-foot Waves Measured in Arctic Ocean Where There Was Once Only Ice
e See Ariana Grande, Nicki Minaj and Jessie J's Music Video For "Bang Bang"
t Nintendo plans to launch completely new consoles for emerging markets in 2015
m Scientists grow functional vaginas in labs
b Breaking news
e Gwyneth Paltrow's Ex Boyfriend Donovan Leitch Talks THAT Kiss Following Split  ...
e Mickey Rooney was Hollywood, and Hollywood was Mickey Rooney
t Mary Barra: GM will learn from Cobalt mistakes
t US consumer spending rose modest 0.3 percent in February, reflecting impacts  ...
t Dire UN Global Warming Report Calls Investors to Action
b Staying On Parents' Plan May Lead To Healthier Paychecks
e WebMD adds Healthy Target to iOS app, Rovio announces Angry Birds  ...
e Poll: Is 'The Walking Dead' the absolute WORST hit TV show of all time?
e 'Community' Saved At 11th Hour, Season Six Ordered By Yahoo
e Robin Thicke Thanks "My Wife" Paula Patton At 2014 Billboard Music Awards
b Citigroup could settle mortgage case soon
b Former P&G Executive Suggested By President To Head VA
m Saudi Arabia reports 2 more deaths from MERS virus
t Apple iOS 7.1.2 Update Coming: New Firmware Could Fix Issues Related To  ...
t Google allies with Novartis's Alcon for smart contact lenses
b NY attorney general sues Barclays
b Amazon 'not optimistic' about ending book standoff with Hachette any time soon
e Games of Thrones season four premiere smashes rating records
e George RR Martin talks about sixth book at 'Game of Thrones' screening
e Mad Men: "Time Zones" Review
e Actor Pine admits drink-driving
e After leaked pot video, is One Direction's U.S. tour in jeopardy?
t Case listings suggest imminent Surface Mini launch
e Pippa Middleton Has 'Felt Publicly Bullied' At Times, Since Emergence Into  ...
e Anne Hathaway and Kristen Stewart Don Drag In Jenny Lewis' 'Just One of the  ...
m Young Fathers Also Susceptible to Postpartum Depression
e New cast gives fresh start to blockbuster 'Transformers' franchise
e Hilary Duff: "Chasing the Sun" in Comeback Music Video!
e Adrienne Bailon Disses Kim Kardashian: She's Only Famous For Sex Tape
b 'We've seen this before': Washington Redskins respond to decision to cancel  ...
t Report: Google Glass to be available to public
e 'Grease' Live Stage Production To Be Aired On Fox
e What To Expect From Jon Favreau's New Movie 'Chef'
b UPDATE 1-NY Attorney General probing Herbalife - report
t Local teen wins $100K Intel science prize
b Wall St dips on Fed's Bullard comments on interest rates
b Case-Shiller: US Seasonally Adjusted Home Prices Fall In May
e Everything you need to know about 'Captain America's' Winter Soldier
e Box Office: Christian Film 'Heaven Is for Real' Wins Wednesday With $3.7 Million
t No More Oculus Rift Version of Minecraft
b Arctic Drilling Despite Russia Sanctions: Is Exxon Flinching?
e Nobel Prize-winning author Nadine Gordimer died in her sleep in Johannesburg  ...
t Apple, Google, Microsoft And Other Smartphone Companies Sign Global Anti  ...
t Amazon's 3D Smartphone Set to Launch in an Increasingly Crowded Market
b US STOCKS-Wall St slumps in broad decline, Dow under 17000
e Wheel of Fortune contestant solves final puzzle with just 2 letters and 1 guess
e With $41.4M, 'Captain America' holds off 'Rio 2′
b Capital One profit beats estimates due to lower provision
b Mortgages dispute costs Bank of America $9b
t China bans use of Windows 8 on government computers
b US stocks rise in early trading ahead of Fed minutes; Tiffany jumps on earnings
e Justin Bieber faces fresh ire over second video of jokes to join KKK
e Cult Fan Favorite “Community” to create new season on Yahoo Screen
e Are Richard Gere and Padma Lakshmi An Item?
b Can Burger King Worldwide Inc (NYSE:BKW) Tim Hortons Inc (TSE:THI) (NYSE  ...
e 'The Leftovers' Review: A 'Lost' Producer Goes To The Dark Side
b Supreme Court, with limits, lets EPA curb power-plant gases
t Surface Pro 3: A big clue about Microsoft's future
b Adobe updates Creative Cloud, launches three drawing and photo apps
b Forex - JPY stronger against dollar ahead of March CPI data
t Meet Newton, a quarter sized chip set to Power your next Wearable Mini-computer
e Stage set for drama as Denmark hosts Eurovision Song Contest
t 2015 Corvette Z06 Convertible Breaks Cover Before New York Debut
t Deap-sea octopus tends to its eggs longer than any other animal
e Cinema in Focus: 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2'
m UPDATED: West Nile confusion
e 'Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice,' 'An Unmarried Woman' writer-director Paul  ...
b Asian stocks boosted by China trade, Yellen stance
b Symantec fires CEO Steve Bennet, names temporary replacement
e Joan Rivers slams Lena Dunham's body-positive message
e Kim Kardashian Surrounded By Besties At Bachelorette Party, But She's Still In  ...
t Barnsley boxer Lee Noble
b Judge: Argentina bond payment would be contempt of court
t Amazon.com smartphone preview: a Prime deal?
b Wednesday's Refinance and Mortgage Interest Rates at Chase Bank Apr 16
e Movie review: “Divergent” feel like convoluted “Hunger Games”
e Allison Williams, NBC's 'Peter Pan' - 'Girls' Starlet Is Off To Neverland In Live  ...
b Rolls-Royce hurt by large Airbus order cancellation
e Weekend Box Office Report: 'Captain America' Tops Charts Once More
t Microsoft raided, faces China anti-monopoly probe
m Infertile Men at Higher Risk of Premature Death; Stanford Study Finds
t Netflix 4K streaming inches towards public release but will we be able to watch it?
b Twitter reports 255 million users, disappointing Street
e X-Men: Days of Future Past Brings in $8.1 Million in Thursday Previews
t UK lags on IPv6 uptake, but broadband adoption rates improving
b Malaysia: Report Missing Plane Kept Flying Wrong
b Twitter madness: Record usage reported after Turkey blocks access
b BSkyB in talks to unite Murdoch's pay-TV businesses in Europe
t Hey Facebook, Good Job Alienating Everyone to Make a Point We Already Knew
e Zac Efron Dishes on Seth Rogen's Pranks, Accidentally Curses on "The Tonight  ...
e Peaches Geldof Death: Police Found 'No Evidence Of Hard Drugs And No  ...
b ASML cuts first-half sales forecast on weaker Q2
e Cory Monteith's Mother Speaks Out About Life Without Her Son One Year After  ...
t Ban lauds Kenya's renewable energy efforts
b Gold Prices To Benefit From Stronger Euro Following Thursday's ECB Meeting  ...
t Amazon says Appstore inventory triples to 240000
e Angelina Jolie, Elle Fanning in “Maleficent” featurette
e Lupita Nyong'o named People's 'Most Beautiful' person
b British lawmakers raise pressure on Pfizer over AstraZeneca bid
e New York Post gives Kim and Kanye world's worst wedding announcement
e Eminem Reconciles With Mother In “Headlights” Video
b FOREX-BoE's Carney knocks sterling down, euro unfazed by IFO survey
b Solar Power Customers Will Have To Start Paying - And That's A Good Thing For  ...
e Kim Kardashian shares photo of moment Vogue's Anna Wintour met her and  ...
b 2 ships collide in Va. shipping channel
b Michael Lewis Is Entirely Wrong About High Frequency Trading Hitting The Little  ...
b Argentina fails to reach debt agreement, default looms
b 3 bullish moves by hedge fund Millennium Management
e Jonah Hill apologizes for gay slur to paparazzo - KMPH FOX 26 | Central San  ...
m How can I lose the fat around my belly?
b Nothing spotted in search for jet, Australia says
b Final Push for Health Care Enrollment
t Samsung Electronics Partners with Trek Bicycle
e 'Star Wars 7' Won't Keep Adam Driver From Shooting 'Girls' Season 4
t Marquez secures second race win of 2014 by a country mile in Austin
t Don't forget: The one-day Google Glass public sale starts soon!
b Apple's tech and Beats' street-wise fashion sense could produce compelling  ...
e Angelina Jolie takes the vile out of villain in `Maleficent`
m Why Intuitive Surgical (ISRG) Stock Is Up Today
e Beyonce Hints at Jay Z Cheating in Change of Song Lyrics during 'On the Run  ...
e NeNe Leakes: Cynthia Bailey Friendship Is Over; RHOA Reunion Drama Made  ...
t Watch sky for 'blood moon' Monday night
e Halle Berry arrives to the CBS Studios
b BREAKING NEWS: Judge denies mistrial in diabetes drug lawsuit
e New York Magazine's Feature On Terry Richardson Is Just As Depressing As  ...
b Dollar General CEO Dreiling to retire next year
e Sarah Jessica Parker to return to TV?
m Fruits and Veggies May Reduce Death Risk, Study Suggests
b Stocks Are Falling
t Airbag flaw affects nearly 3 million Honda, Nissan, and Mazda vehicles
e Pregnant Mila Kunis wins 'Best Villain' at MTV Movie Awards [PHOTOS]
e 'Game of Thrones' Recap: Episode 7, 'Mockingbird'
e No more heroes anymore
b Emirates finalises order for 150 Boeing planes worth $56 billion
t US mayors give unanimous nod for cities to use nature to fight climate change  ...
b Shares of Alibaba's little brother jump 11%
t Risk of asteroid hitting Earth higher than thought, study shows
e Solange Knowles Kicks & Punches Jay Z In Elevator [VIDEO]
t Text: Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella's memo on job cuts
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Sales Strong in Korea, Ahead of Official Release Date
e Summer Box Office Cooling Off Despite 'Transformers 4′ Success
b Rentrak (REIS) Sees Hammer Chart Pattern: Time to Buy?
b Mark Zuckerberg 'likes' lower salary
e Big name cast creates tasty morsel
t GM Issues Four More Recalls
t Technology lovers to strike gold with Vodafone
e Tori Spelling, Dean McDermott Divorce Soon? Why Cheating Scandal And 'True  ...
b McDonald's Kicks Off Free Coffee Event On Monday
b Lance Statement on Final 2015 Medicare Advantage Rates
e Christie: You Bet I Can Beat Hillary
e Keith Richards to release first children's book, 'Gus & Me'
t FCC fast-lane bill tweaks lambasted by net-neutrality supporters
b Metro Dalton's jobless rate drops to 8.2 percent in April
b Bouygues lifts bid for French mobile operator SFR
m Lifestyle changes can halve Alzheimer's risk
b Fed's Kocherlakota Blasts New Rate Guidance, Wants Low Rates For Longer
b Global Stocks Fall After Yellen Interest-Rate Comment
e Whoopi clears the smoke on vaping marijuana
t Device compatible with Android Wear? Check it first!
b In search of a CEO: American Apparel emphasizes T for teambuilder
m World Blood Donor Day Celebrates the Gift of Life
e Your Box Office Predictions as 'Transformers 4' Takes in $8.75 Million On  ...
e Ice bucket challenge lands man in jail
e Pitt to star as Gen. McChrystal in Afghanistan war flick
t Honda and Fiat Vehicles Recalled
t FCC E-rate modernization workshop emphasizes educator needs
m Many U.S. Soldiers Returning Home Suffer From Chronic Pain, Take Opioid Pain  ...
b Russia and China Strike a $400 Billion Gas Deal
t Red Hat – All Metrics In The Green
t Elon Musk warns the Terminator films could become reality: Tesla founder is  ...
e John Boyega, Ed Speleers Up For Star Wars: Episode 7?
b Survey: US companies add 218000 jobs in July - KTVN Channel 2 - Reno Tahoe  ...
b Oracle (ORCL) Nearing $5B Purchase of Micros Systems (MCRS): Report
t Secular Technology: Apple Wants Emojis To Be Multicultural
e Seth MacFarlane joins LeVar Burton's campaign to revive 'Reading Rainbow'
b Ousted American Apparel CEO increases stake to nearly 43 per cent
e Lawyer sues for Led Zeppelin album credit
t The Daily Show Hilariously Takes on Google Glass “Eye Douches”
e Travel Channel Halts Adam Richman's Show After He Tells Girl to Kill Herself
t Obama plan to curb US emissions seen as unambitious but positive for global  ...
m Dad's invention to give diabetic son freedom
e Special prayers mark Maundy Thursday
t Two 'Android Wear' smartwatches launched with new features
e Can an American dad become a Middle Eastern 'tyrant'?
e 'Jurassic Park 4' Plot News: Sequels Already Lined-Up? Film to Focus on  ...
e 'Orphan Black' season 2 review: Tatiana Maslany continues to be one of a kind
e Dragons and Humans co-exist in 'How to Train Your Dragon 2'
e Katie Couric Marries Longtime Love John Molner In Intimate Hamptons Wedding
e 'Oculus' reflects on past, present
t Obama turns 'chief geek' at annual White House Science Fair
t Apple Releases Updated Line of Retina Macbook Pros
t General Mills' New Privacy Policy Restricts Consumers' Right To Sue
e Selena Gomez Ready to Ditch Justin Bieber for an Older Man
e Fresh-faced band changing direction
t Techs tumble; investor warns of 'big pause'
m Now check your eyes, sense of smell to spot Alzheimer's early
b Time Warner 1Q Results Beat Estimates
b Federal Agency Asks Student Lenders to Change Default Rules
b Investors Go Crazy For the Candy Crush IPO — But Should You?
t 'Galaxy S5 Dx' rumored to be name of Samsung's Galaxy S5 mini [UPDATED]
e Comic writer Sue Townsend, creator of teenage diarist Adrian Mole, dies at 68
b VMware revenue rises 14 percent on higher cloud software demand
m Ebola epidemic spreads in Guinea
b Shire plc (SHPG) Sees Product Sales Doubling to $10B by 2020
t 6/24 - 5pm - Safety Watch Q & A: Operation Dry Water
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Preorders Begin Friday, Starting at $200 on Contract
b BHP Studies Simplifying Assets to Focus on Iron Ore, Coal
e Don't Blame Judd Apatow (And Let The Rest Of Hollywood Off The Hook)
e Mad Men: “Waterloo”
e Game of Thrones Season 4 Finale Live Stream: Where to Watch Tyrion  ...
m Mental Health Month Tip
e Are Justin and Selena back together? (VIDEO)
b RBI warns against unstable Govt
b Credit Suisse Clients Remain Secret as Bank to Help US (1)
m Match day students/residencies
b Stock Futures Drift Lower
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S vs. iPad Air: How Both Tablets Stack Up
e Actress Olivia Wilde Gushes Over Her Unborn Baby But Still Thinks Abortion's  ...
b E-Mini S&P 500: Fed rate hike projections may keep the market pinned!
b GM criminal probe of recalls seen complicating Barra turnaround
m Saudi Arabia sacks health official over handling of Mers
t Microsoft promises it will follow stricter standards before searching your Hotmail  ...
e Bullock Came Face-to-Face With Alleged Stalker
m Top state court rejects New York giant fizzy drink ban
e Alabama players got early look at new Transformers movie
b Today's Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA Stock market index update and  ...
t Review: Samsung Galaxy S5
m Don't Use Prescription Drugs to Relieve Babies of Teething Pain: FDA Warns
m J&J withdraws hysterectomy device linked to cancer spread
m ACA 'Play or Pay' Decision Guide for Employers (Infographic)
e Usher wins 'The Voice' with Josh Kaufman
e Cyrus postpones US tour while recovering from allergic reaction
t Free wireless device charging comes to Starbucks
m Study Will Test Effect Of “Chocolate” Pills On Heart Health
b Coldwater Creek Files for Bankruptcy, Retailer Plans to Close
m Does Tamiflu work?
b Vietnamese Stocks Make Tentative Recovery
e Family agrees that Mickey Rooney's final resting place will be among  ...
t eBay asks users to change password after hack
b Fitch Downgrades Tesco to 'BBB'; Stable Outlook
m Medical marijuana rules OK'd by Illinois legislative committee; applications for  ...
b New BlackBerry High-End Smartphones Designed For Keyboard Fans
e Banksy Suspected Over Spies Mural Near GCHQ
b Fed to allow Credit Suisse to remain a primary dealer (CS)
t Apple looking Into Android Compatible Streaming Music Service To Compete  ...
e There's More To Newlywed Stacy Keibler Than Being George Clooney's Ex
t Apple expands buybacks, approves 7-for-1 stock split
m 'Fertility Scorecard' for your state
t Samsung's Tizen Gear 2 Gets PayPal App
b Russia ordered to pay €50bn to Yukos investors
b What the U.S. Can Learn From Europe's All-Out Uberwar
e Nicki Minaj Wardrobe Malfunction at the 2014 VMAs
e Orphan Black erupts into second season with new intrigue
b Cynk Technology (CYNK) Lunacy Should Be Ended by Regulators
t Comcast and Time Warner Cable Executives Grilled by Skeptical Senate  ...
t Yet Another GM Recall Issued Wednesday
t Mars coming close to Earth 2:57
t Use face-recognition tech to keep an eye on your feline's health
m Caught on Video: Man Collapses, 'Good Samaritan' Steals Wallet
t VIDEO: Microsoft's Office Apps For IPad Ushers In New Era
b Data breach costs still unknown: Target CEO
e Miley Cyrus speaks regarding recent illness “I didn't have a drug overdose”
e Miley Cyrus Postpones Entire US Tour
e Bay welcomes Transformers criticism
b Wal-Mart to accept video game trade-ins in stores
b EasyJet on target for another good year
m The best and worst places in the world to be a mother
b US oil price rises on upbeat consumer data
t Google I/O registration begins April 8th, attendees to be randomly selected
t Cisco Patches Vulnerabilities, Looking Into Heartbleed Impact
t Samsung Unveils Direct iPad Mini 2 Rival The Galaxy Tab S
e 'Medical issues' hospitalize Boston concertgoers
e Robin Thicke - Still Madly Crazy
t Intel Buys Wearables Company Basis Science
b After long wait, Malaysia releases jet data
t Report: Climate change is hitting home for many
e 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2' emphasizes special effects, spectacle
e Beyoncé Covers Time's 'Most Influential' In a Bikini: Thoughts?
t PAX EAST 2014: First DLC Pack Announced for Titanfall, Called 'Expedition'
b China checks new images for possible debris of missing plane
t We Compile Today's Best April Fool's Day Pranks
e The Voice USA 2014 Recap: Night 5 Blind Auditions (VIDEO)
e TV comedy ´How I Met Your Mother´ ends
b US approves two permits for crude exports
b Amazon offers employees $5000 to quit - ABC-7.com WZVN News for Fort Myers  ...
b Consumer spending up
e Three people injured as car drives through Comic-Con parade
m Resveratrol: Antioxidant in red wine found to have no health benefit
b Mobile Internet Shakes Up Stodgy China Industries
t Twitter makes it easy to find first tweets
e NEW YORK (AP) — Matt Lauer is sticking with NBC's "Today" show for a few  ...
b Current Mortgage Interest Rates: HSBC Bank Mortgage Rates for March 18
e Judge Denies YouTube Founder's Motion to Dismiss Case of Kanye West's  ...
b Markets 'on edge' over 'eerie calm' in oil prices
m It's West Nile season
t Sony Xperia Z2 vs. Nokia Lumia 1020 Specs and Price Comparison in Australia
t SCOTUS rules Internet startup must pay broadcasters
e The Myth of Shakespeare
e First listen: Robin Thicke's 'Paula'
t Real Life HTC One Mini 2 Photo Leaked
b Hungary passes new law on loans that could hit banks
e Jay-Z, Solange Explain Themselves on SNL
t Dropbox: The cloud storm is coming
b Russian stocks down amid sanctions
e NWA biopic finds its Dr. Dre, Eazy-E and Ice Cube
b Bank of America may cancel stock buyback this year
m Men suffer from eating disorders too
e Richmond Station Celebrates 'International Day of Happiness' Through the  ...
t Kinect-less Xbox One Is A Hit, Sales More Than Double In June
e Ryan Gosling wanted Rachel McAdams off The Notebook film
b Get out of town! AAA expects uptick in holiday travel
b Dollar firmer around ¥101.70 in Tokyo
t Unusual Fish that 'Walks' Holds Clues to Animal Evolution
b I've Got Issues: Digital is a Carefree Way to Enjoy Comics
e How Wu-Tang Clan's art-piece album breaks new ground for pop
m Sleep apnoea may affect your hearing
m More tickets offered for LeBron's homecoming show
t iPhone 5 vs Galaxy S4 early adopter: Devil's in the details
b Arts and crafts chain Michaels raises $472M in IPO
t Motorola Moto E release date, news and rumors
m Could Baby Aspirin Prevent Preeclampsia?
e Live Performance
t Upcoming private spacecraft will be first space lifeboat since 1970s
b Greece: the Eurogroup and Ecofin conferences in Athens
b Russia, China Secure Nearly Half-Trillion-Dollar Gas Deal
e “Transcendence” whiffs its AI mark
m CDC reports biggest measles outbreak since 1996
t Neil deGrasse Tyson: What technology pros can learn from America's favorite  ...
e Reese Witherspoon Shows Sassy, Southern Side in Elevator Ride with Cara  ...
t Watch Dogs on Xbox 360 is 'super smooth', but has PS2-quality trees
b Speed Trader Foresees Sisyphean Task in High-Frequency Crackdown
t Now Facebook Can Tell What You're Watching on TV
b Elizabeth Arden to Explore Strategic Alternatives
t Apple under attack as hackers hold Kiwis to ransom…
b US budget deficit to top half a trillion dollars
b Today in the press
b Teva and Pfizer settle patent litigation over Celebrex
e Come visit FX's darkly fun 'Fargo'
t OnePlus One Shipping Estimates Updated, 16GB Pushed Back to Get 64GB Out  ...
b T-Mobile to Cease Selling BlackBerry Products
e RIP Bobby Womack
b McDonald's gives icon Ronald McDonald makeover, own Twitter hashtag
e Jada Smith Calls Out Pedophiles!
b Fed expected to cut US growth forecast
e Disney Reportedly Ready and Willing to Reboot Indiana Jones With New Actor
e 'Mad Men' Review: Dancing In The Dark
e Taylor Swift Reaching Out to Selena Gomez, Snubbed by Depressed 'Come and  ...
t Google Building Self-Driving Cars Without Steering Wheel
b IBM Tops Consensus View, Shares Slide
b Ronald McDonald grabs some breakfast ... at Taco Bell
e Stephen Colbert Accused Of Racist Joke
e Close friend of James Brown talks about movie detailing music great's life
m Officials urge residents to turn in unneeded prescription drugs
e Artist regrows Van Gogh's ear using his DNA
m Sanofi acquires over-the-counter rights for Cialis
t Half-Life 2 now available on Nvidia Shield
b Chiquita to Merge with Fyffes
e 'Transcendence': Johnny Depp gets a digital makeover in this tiresome film  ...
e Barack Obama appears on Ellen: 'Oscars selfie was a cheap stunt'
e Game of Thrones season finale is everything fans have been waiting for
e April record with $96.2M
m AstraZeneca showcases much awaited oncology pipeline at ASCO 2014
m 9 Of 20 Mass. Medical Marijuana Dispensary Applicants Eliminated
m UPDATE: Intuitive Surgical Announces New da Vinci Xi Surgical System
b Following Massive Protests, London Transport Authority Rules Uber Is Legal
e The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1 trailer arrives VIDEO
m What percentage of the US population is gay, lesbian or bisexual?
b “The Stock Market Is Rigged”
b EU blacklists 15 more Russian officials over Ukraine
e WATCH: The First Trailer For Gone Girl Is Here!
b China Looks to Hong Kong Graft Buster in Anti-Bribery Fight
t Aggie set to take command of International Space Station
t BlackBerry, Amazon Team Up, Brings Appstore Onto BlackBerry Devices
b Mulberry chief resigns
t Leon County Amateur Radio Club holds Field Day
m Infants smell threats by mother's odor: Study
b Wolfson Shares Rocket 72% on Apple Supplier Cirrus Logic Takeover
t Google raises a Glass to Ivy Ross
e The 10 Best 'Mad Men' Episodes Ever
e Angelina Jolie calls Brad Pitt relationship 'beautifully crazy' in Elle Magazine
e Danish Bagdadi's Review - Transformers: Age of Extinction
e Miley Cyrus Urges London Fans To Swap Nicotine For Weed At Comeback  ...
t Nasty 'zero-day' attacks use Internet Explorer browser hole
e Kim Kardashian prays for 'no rain' on wedding day
b Twitter: We Have No Plan For A Secondary Offering
m Meadville Comedian Shares Mr Awesome
t NASA to Provide Live Coverage and Commentary of April 15, 2014 Lunar Eclipse
e 56 minutes ago • By MESFIN FEKADU
b US judge Thomas Griesa schedules new hearing for tomorrow
b Honeywell International Inc. Beats Estimates; Updates Guidance (HON)
e Miley Cyrus' 'Bangerz' Special Shares The Weird Reason For Her Hospitalization
e TV Recap: 'Game of Thrones: The Laws of God and Men'
b Netflix says international profitable this year
t AT&T looks to expand high-speed fiber network to Chicago, others
e Donnie Wahlberg, Jenny McCarthy engaged 0
b Euro Limps Into Weekend: Here's Why
t Could California Go All in On Renewable Energy?
b Miliband Fights Cameron Over Pfizer's AstraZeneca Bid (1)
t Apple aims to streamline home automation with HomeKit
b Asian and European factories stutter
t Why Was Google Glass a No Show at Google I/O?
m Chocolate Benefits In A Pill
b Four years after Deepwater Horizon exploded, long-term environmental impacts  ...
e Secondary Villains Rumored for 'Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice'
e Former 'The View' Host Elizabeth Hasselbeck Shocked By Sherri Shepherd's  ...
e Amazon Tensions With Book Publisher Boil Over
b Bad timing: Healthcare.gov goes down for maintenance
e Justin Bieber, Selena Gomez to tie the knot soon?
e Kim Kardashian Kisses And Swims With Dolphins - WATCH VIDEO!
b MH370 changing course "deliberate action", probe refocuses on crew, passengers
t Iranian court summons Facebook CEO
t Phenomena:
e Disabled Artist Inspires At Comic Con With Oral Comic Illustration
e I like the idea behind the "ban bossy" campaign, but I'm not sure it will work.
e Justin Bieber Dedicates Song to "My Baby" Selena Gomez at Surprise SXSW  ...
t Sony Issues Battery-fire Warning over Vaio Laptops
e 'Guardians of the Galaxy's' Chris Pratt ready for 'Avengers' crossover
t LG Electronics Q1 net profit up 319%
b UPDATE 2-Novartis reshapes business via deals with GSK and Lilly
e Director Joss Whedon simultaneously premieres film at Tribeca, releases online
b Watch: Navy tests new futuristic weapon
e 'Parks and Recreation' star Chris Pratt enjoys new role as pace car driver  ...
e The CFDA Awards: Was Rihanna Best Dressed At The 'Fashion Oscars'? [Pictures]
e Solange Attacks Jay Z
b Spoil Alert: 1.2 million cases of cottage cheese recalled
m Blood from younger mice perked up their elders, US study finds
e Dancing with the Stars Results 2014 - Recap of Tonight's Elimination, Going  ...
b Euro at 2 1/2 year high due to conerns over China and Ukraine
e Limited Edition Transformers: Age of Extinction Watches from Tourbillon
e Kenyan Rapper Condemns Women Celebrating Jay-Z's Beating By Beyonce's  ...
e Chelsea Handler's talk show will end in August; no love lost between her and E!
b 'Signals detected are from missing jet's black boxes'
b China Has New Images Showing Object In Southern Indian Ocean, Malaysia says
e Hugh Jackman: Spotlight on the Stars
b Anticipated Cut in Medicare Advantage Plan Payments Becomes Marginal  ...
e Angry Birds Transformers. Yes, really. Rovio and Hasbro partner for mash-up  ...
e Dax Shepard & Kristen Bell Expecting Baby Number 2
t Nokia Suspends Lumia 2520 Tablet Sales in Europe
e 'Orange is the New Black' Season 2 Trailer: "I Am a Lone Wolf, and a Vicious One!"
b Adobe's shift to cloud gains momentum as revenue growth returns
b Escalating WPS tensions alarm Asean ministers
e Nobel winner Garcia Marquez, master of magical realism, dies at 87
e Lea Michele Dating a Gigolo?
b Coca-Cola, PepsiCo to Remove Controversial "BVO" From All Their Drinks
b 3 Highlights From The Coca-Cola Company's Earnings Report
t USB devices can serve as 'new targets' to hack personal computers
e Lindsay Lohan's Underwear Selfie Is Quite Glamorous
b Fiat Chrysler unveils aggressive five-year plan
b US weekly jobless claims surge
b Stocks notch tiny gains, but still end week lower
e Mad Men Meets Blaxploitation In "Don-O-Mite" Spoof [VIDEO]
t Report: Microsoft Surface Mini Will Launch Delayed by MS Office Holdup
m Allergy Relief: What Works, What Doesn't?
b Amazon complains about news coverage it won't comment on
b Google Will Spend $500 Million For Nationwide Shopping Express Expansion
t An MIT Fish Tale: Inventors Conjure a Softer Robot
b Walmart Wants To Be The GameStop Where You Trade In Games For Groceries
t BlackBerry Wins Suit Against Ryan Seacrest's Typo Mobile Keyboard Firm
e Jay Z & Beyoncé Kicked Off Their On The Run Tour With A Bang AND 42 Songs  ...
t Google acquires music streaming service Songza
t Watch: NASA Says US Air Pollution Has Plummeted
b Fábregas: Vote means American Eagle won't get the bigger airplanes, and we'll  ...
e Coachella 2014: 5 Ways to Event Plan for Your Target
e Who Got Eliminated On Dancing with the Stars 2014 Last Night? Week 8
b Microsoft And The Most Important Call Of Satya Nadella's Life
e Brad Pitt Gets Punched On The Red Carpet!
b Vatican Bank counts cost of clean-up as profits plunge
e Robert Pattinson Living in Kristen Stewart's LA Home
t What's New in Mac OS X Yosemite?
m Could A Two-Year-Old Boy Be 'Patient Zero' For The Ebola Outbreak?
e Nick Cannon in whiteface stirs controversy
b Japan allows arms exports after decades of restrictions
t Last of Us: Remastered coming to PS4
b Pure Storage Raises $225M, Valued at Over $3B by Leading Public Market  ...
m Paraplegics gain movement with miraculous spinal chord therapy
e Willow Smith pictured in bed with older man raises eyebrows
t Man to walk from Glossop to Sheffield for charity
t Photo via The Mind Unleashed on Facebook
b BOE's Carney: Rates Could Rise Sooner Than Markets Expect
e Fashion industry heats up at CFDA party
b Alibaba's revenues go up as IPO is expected to go public next week
e Angela Bassett set to direct Whitney Houston biopic on Lifetime
t EBay issues then deletes call to change passwords
e Holy Thursday celebrated at St. Joseph Church, Chumukedima
b Toyota Moving US HQs from Calif. to Texas
e No 'Big Bang' until they work out the bucks
m Genetic Tracking IDs Cancer Stem Cells
e “Transformers: Age Of Extinction” Is A Bit Long, But Wahlberg Is Good Choice To  ...
m US lawmakers: no e-cigarette sales or ads to youths
b Trucks help fuel big US sales gains in May
e VIDEO: OMG! What's really happening with Kimye's wedding?
b Miliband and Umunna abandon naive anti-capitalism
e 'Time Is Illmatic' Opens Tribeca Film Festival
e New Game Of Thrones Season 4,Episode 7 Intense Spoiler Promo Clip Released
b Pfizer boss Ian Read flies in to put AstraZeneca takeover case to MPs
e Inarritu's 'Birdman' opens 71st Venice film festival
e St. Clair Shores native Dave Coulier ties the knot
t nDreams to show off new game for Project Morpheus and Oculus Rift at E3
e Fire, rescue squads on alert during fireworks season
e 'Sherlock' to Return With Special Before Fourth Season
e Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez Dave & Buster's Police Incident with Fan: Cops  ...
t EBay Users Are Being Asked To Change Account Passwords After Cyberattack
m See what Medicare really pays doctors
b Buckeye State Leading Nation in Jobs Gained
b Files were deleted from flight simulator, claims minister
t Japan to reduce whale catch in Pacific
e The party's over: Shia LaBeouf reportedly checks into rehab
e Preview the 'Emotionally Overwhelming' 9/11 Memorial Museum
t Take a look at Google Glass
m Mosquito Season Prompts EEE, West Nile Reminder From NH Officials
t 5 Ways Alibaba Brings Risks From China
b EU Challenges Russian Vehicle Anti-Dumping Duties
t LG G Watch and Samsung Gear Live get the teardown treatment
m Excessive Salt Consumption May Speed Up Aging in Teens
e Cory Monteith's Mom Speaks Out For The First Time - A Year After His Death
b S&P Places AbbVie (ABBV) on CreditWatch Negative Following Revised Shire  ...
e Watch Beyoncé and Jay Z kick off epic On The Run Tour
e Kim Kardashian Celebrates Bachelorette Party In Glittering Minidress Inside The  ...
e Keri Russell: 'Apes' role riveting tale of survival
b Tyson Issues Chicken Nugget Recall
e Actor Michael Jace had financial problems before wife's slaying
b You've Worked Long Enough This Year to Pay the Tax Man
m North Idaho E. coli Infections Linked to Raw Clover Sprouts
b Five Million People Have Signed up For Obamacare, But How Many Are Actually  ...
b Jaitley suggests way out in WTO
t Google self-driving car project makes progress
e 2014 Kids' Choice Awards: All the winners, best and worst dressed
b Ronald McDonald Makeover: McDonald's Unveils Sleeker, Selfie-Taking Brand  ...
b Bond managers are worryingly sanguine
e Barrymore's sister found dead
t BREAKING NEWS: WWE Quarter Financial Report w/ Network Numbers
b Consumers, businesses still penny pinching
t Review: Apple's mid-2014 13-inch MacBook Pro with Retina display
b Faster production brings Boeing profits
b Updated: Sales of New US Homes Plunge 14.5 Percent in March
t Hacked Xbox One Homebrew Consoles "will Likely be a Reality in Short Time  ...
t Fiat boss: Don't buy my 500e EV
e 'Indiana Jones' rumor says Bradley Cooper being considered to replace  ...
e Three charged in New York over $33 mln art scam
b Japan FTA a huge win for shoppers
t The Best, First Virtual Reality Game for Physics Fanatics
e Chris Hemsworth and Elsa Pataky Reveal Twins' Names
b Will the Fed raise interest rates earlier than assumed?
t Nissan, Mercedes team to construct new Mexican car plant
e Friends' fears for Zac after bustup in shady part of town
b Subway removing 'yoga mat' chemical as bread ingredient
t Is Heartbleed the sum of our open source fears?
b US jobs machine revs up
e Report: Kim Kardashian and Kanye West to Marry This Week
e Eighth-grade students perform Living Stations of the Cross
e Rick Ross Arrested After Super Jam Performance
t Valve's Steam Machines may miss 2014 release
e Posthumous Michael Jackson Album Gets Release Date
m Why baby gates aren't as safe as you thought
t how the Universe ironed out her wrinkles
t Apple-IBM Deal a 'Marriage of Two Masters'
b Citi Agrees to Shell Out $7 Billion for Bad RMBS
t Google Street View Reveals Toronto's Past
b Wall Street edges lower after S&P's record close
b Bloomberg Says Tinder's Worth $5 Billion; Its Majority Shareholder Says Not So  ...
b Offshore cash of $2 trillion sparks hunt for tax-friendly deals
e 'Keeping Up With the Kardashians' Recap: Kim Kardashian Is a Total Hypocrite
e Executive who helped create G.I. Joe dies
b South Korea stocks retreat from 5.5-month high, won firms
m U.S. Drugmaker Agrees To Give Unapproved Medicine To Dying Virginia Boy  ...
e 'Mr. Peabody' leads box office
e X-Men: Days of Future Past earns $281 million on first weekend
t Google is Looking For 'Test Drivers' For Self-Driving Car
b GoPro Raises RM1.37b, pricing IPO at top of marketed range
t iPhone 6 said to bring 100000 new employees to Foxconn
b Argentina's Possible Default Will Shape Future Investment Decisions
t Apple's iTunes Radio Is Still Pandora's Biggest Threat
e 'Dancing with the Stars' Recap: Party Rock Is in the House Tonight
m Drugs that could help in fight against MERS-coronavirus revealed
b Reflections on Nurses Week 2014
b $1 billion, X7, 800 jobs is BMW announcement heard around the world
e Benzino Shot In Boston, Hospitalized In Stable Condition
b Australia 'sub-trend as others recover'
b Bitcoin Software Fixed to Avoid Another Mt. Gox
m The Younger You Are, The More You Will Yawn: Study
b Luxury group Mulberry announces resignation of CEO
b AstraZeneca (AZN) board passes on Pfizer's (PFE) $119 bil bid, shares dump
b Twitter stock surge sparked by earnings
b Japan's Topix Swings After Steepest Rally in Two Months
e Bradley Cooper's Ex Jennifer Esposito: He's a 'Mean, Cold Manipulator'
m Ebola Virus Confirmed in Liberia
t Google's Stake in Apple-Samsung Patent Trial Revealed
e Jolie good friends with first husband Jonny Lee Miller
b Director shakeup seen at Allergan
b Oracle shoves IBM out of world's No 2 software seller spot – Gartner
b Slower rise in US retail sector in May offset by earlier gains
t Will Facebook location sharing be a turn on?
t How Google's New “End-To-End” Email Privacy Push Will Protect You — Even  ...
b Eurozone unemployment stuck near record high
b China Manufacturing PMI Jumps To 49.7 - HSBC
t Apple Inc. (AAPL) Might Unveil iWatch Together with iPhone 6 on Sept. 9
e Lorenzo di Bonaventura Comments On A Possible Transformers/GI Joe Crossover
e Superman and Batman to face off in Dawn of Justice
e HBO: VEEP, SILICON VALLEY RENEWED
b The latest to go: Target Canada boss ousted
e Miley Cyrus smokes, dances and raps about vodka on a jet plane
e Peter Mayhew Returning as Chewbacca in 'Star Wars: Episode VII'!
b Did eBay Win the Fight?
t How Asteroid Rings Are Detected: Photos
b RBI Governor warns of turmoil in markets if Lok Sabha polls deliver unstable govt
t Fast track to space: Soyuz craft successfully docks at International Space Station  ...
b Stocks drift higher; S&P 500 holds on to 2000
b World has new top banana as fruit giants Chiquita of US and Fyffes of Europe  ...
b Amazon.com Inc.: Amazon.com to Acquire comiXology
b Murdoch Bid Boosts Carey as James Jockeys for Position
e Adam Richman's New Show Postponed After Instagram Meltdown
b Russia demands Ukraine ensure security of Russian diplomats in Kiev Russia  ...
e Lohan “humiliated” by leaked sex list
b Poll Shows Fewer in US lack health insurance, but issues remain
t LG G3 enters the flagship Android fray with 5.5-inch Quad HD IPS display
m New Study Says Autism Begins in the Womb
e New Trailer for 'Jupiter Ascending'
e Movie Review: The Amazing Spider-Man 2
b China's economy grows 7.4pc in first quarter: govt
b Stocks Far Off Session Highs
b Pipe flooding UCLA will take hours to shut off
e Festival time again at Coachella
t Why Net Neutrality Matters to Education
e Jonah Hill Is Like A Squishy Alec Baldwin
b IATA expects airline profits to hit $18 bn in 2014
t Samsung Galaxy Grand 2 vs Motorola Moto G – Specs and Price Comparison
b Two Weeks Remain for Healthcare Enrollment in Fla.
e Chelsea Handler run on E! will end August 29
b Mobile challenges clear in Intel's Q1 report
b Subway eliminating ingredient from bread
e 'Maleficent' Movie Trailer: New Teasers Reveal Softer, Sadder Side Of Angelina  ...
t Nokia suspends sales of Lumia 2520 tablet in Europe over faulty chargers
t YouTube introduces new creator features
t Apple planning 'smart home'
t Nintendo posts quarterly net loss on Wii U costs
b Google, IBM results raise questions about other tech firms
e Pretty Little Liars Season 5, Episode 6 Review — "A" Almost Kills Ali!
e Justin & Selena's PDA On Dirty Dancing
e Video premiere! "Anything Goes" by Lady Gaga and Tony Bennett
e Johnny Depp Bombs in “Transcendence” with Shocking $4.8Mil Friday: Career  ...
e Miley Cyrus: Off the Rails, On Medication Since Death of Dog
t BlackBerry Snags German Voice Encryption Firm Secusmart, But Years Too Late
t Facebook sucks up user's browsing habits
t Britain probes secret user study
t In A Different Form, Large Amount Of Water Could Be Buried Deep Below The  ...
e Rolf Harris case will help other victims come forward
m West Africa: No Need to Panic About Ebola, Says Minister
t US Lawmakers Worry 'Gravity' Film's Space Disaster May Really Happen
b US Weekly Jobless Claims Pull Back Nearly In Line With Estimates
e 'Game of Thrones' stunner: Ding-dong, (spoiler) is dead!
b Osborne sells off more Lloyds shares: Chancellor agrees sale of further 7.5% as  ...
t Apple And Motorola Agree To End Legal Battle
b Tiffany shines in the first quarter
m Researchers Using Math to Whittle Away at Jet Lag
t Google to support Chromebook users for five years
b MH17: Airlines to push for independent guidance on airspace safety following  ...
m Saudi Arabia reports two more deaths from MERS virus
b Facebook CFO David Ebersman Stepping Down Later This Year
e Future & Kanye West Score Trophies on New Song 'I Won'
b FAA, Boeing find 787 meets intended safety level
e Original 'Star Wars' Actor Tells New Movie to Take a Hike: It'll Just Bore Me
t Samsung tablets stretch advantage with new screens
b Oak Ridge's Ronald McDonald in Taco Bell ad
e Comcast accuses Netflix of sabotaging some of its own video streaming customers
b Ukraine Files Lawsuit to Contest Russian Gas Pricing
t Nintendo sinks to loss for year as Wii U sales continue to lag, forecasts return to  ...
b German business morale falls in June as firms fret about Ukraine and Iraq
t 'Heartbleed' bug forces potential shutdown of more government services
b MEA plays down DM's comments
e Guardians Of The Galaxy Are The Misfits You'd Want To Invite To An  ...
t The Inventor of the Web Only Wants One Thing for the Internet's 25th Birthday
t Google Search Update Brings Android Camera Integration
b Kiwi up on euro
b Crumbs, the cupcakery that couldn't, goes broke
b Trulia VP Sells $648809 in Stock (TRLA)
e Beyoncé and Solange Take the Plunge at First Red Carpet Event Together  ...
e Robin Thicke: Riding a wave of ick straight to the top of the charts?
e Leonardo Dicaprio To Get Mauled By A Bear In New Movie?
b Social Security halts controversial tax program
b What Russell Stover brings to the table for Lindt
t Ancient Poop Analysis Suggests Neanderthals Ate Plants
m Priceless: Teen with Down syndrome finds out he's going to college 0
b Obama tells GOP to 'sue me,' continues to flaunt executive orders
m Sarepta Therapeutics CEO Discusses Q1 2014 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
t HTC One UK KitKat update is go
t Facebook introduces new optional 'Nearby Friends' feature
t NSA and White House deny knowing about — and exploiting — the Heartbleed  ...
e Brittany Murphy's final film gets release date four years after shock death
e Japanese girl band AKB48 attacked by saw-wielding fan
t Oculus Suspends Oculus Rift Dev Kit Sales in China
t OnePlus One to be widely available in June
e Tour was a bummer for Katie
e Beyoncé, Miley Cyrus, Pharrell Williams and Carrie Underwood among TIME's  ...
t PrismTech Joins the Industrial Internet Consortium
e The Bachelorette Recap, Episode Six: Frontrunner? No Whey Jose!
b Health care website goes down on deadline day
b B'desh tragedy boosts 'Made in NYC'
b Bitcoin akin to the Internet 20 years ago, digital currency executive says
m Why Our Prisons Are Making The Mental Health Crisis Worse
m Ebola scare forces Senegal to close borders
b BlackBerry shares tumble as 64% revenue slide hints at long road to recovery
b California To Ease Water Restrictions In Move To Help Farmers
b McDonald's offers free coffee in breakfast war
m Why Your Favorite Gadget Might Just Give You A Rash
t Physicists Hail Cosmic 'Holy Grail'14
e Jackman to reprise 'Wolverine' role?
e Comic convention organisers clash over name
b Ahead of the Bell: Unemployment Benefits
b Obamacare Enrollment Surges Past 5 Million
e 'Deliver Us From Evil' Exposes Ugliness of Sin
b Gas prices climb to highest level in years
b The European Elections in the Press: Earthquake, Landslide, Shock!
m Health Highlights: April 10, 2014
e Ryan Gosling Looks INCREDIBLE In Gucci Tuxedo Suit For Lost River Premiere  ...
t Google self-driving car has no steering wheel or brake
t Q2 iPad Sales to be Offset of AAPL
e 12 things we learned about 'American Horror Story' at PaleyFest
t Bypass PIE Security Check in Android L to Fix Apps Breakage Issue
b BoJ chief voices impatience with Shinzo Abe's policy blitz: Report
e Game Of Thrones: Five Things We'll Miss About (Spoiler!)
e Christina Aguilera Announces the Sex of Her Baby
t Instagram has 200 Million Users, Beating Twitter
e Rising Stars
b Next census 'predominantly online'
b Slimmer fit for P&G with brand sell-off
m Knees Achy? Drink A Glass Of Milk
e Rob Kardashian Weight Gain 2014: Socks Designer Bails On Sister Kim  ...
m Iran confirms first cases of deadly Mers infection
b Stocks edge up on consumer news
e Kim Kardashian Might Be Launching a Singing Career -- Wait, WHAT?!?
e Here's my radical plan to shake up the Eurovision Song Contest
e Singer Bobby Womack dead at 70
t Lilbits (3-28-2014): Microsofts reconsiders stance on email snooping
b FTC launches Herbalife inquiry; Target shoppers stay away after data breach
e 2014 WSOP Day 40: Martin Jacobson Dominates Main Event Day 1a; Walsh  ...
e 'Mad Men' Final Season Premiere Photos: Don Draper Drifts Through "Time Zones"
e Watch: The Daily Mail have a video of Louis Tomlinson and Zayn Malik smoking  ...
m FDA approves Anacor Pharma's drug for nail infection
t Facebook Faces Investigation in UK Following Emotion-Manipulation Study
t Climate change hysteria gets another drubbing
t HTC One (M8) Nearly Impossible To Repair
t This 'Wonder Material' Could Make Your Next Phone Super Thin With Internet  ...
e The Emmys: Past Winners Trump New Shows And 'Breaking Bad' Takes A Bow
b Vietnam summons Chinese diplomat to protest East Sea attacks
e Justin Bieber: You Should Whisk Selena Gomez Away For Labor Day
e Spacey to play Churchill in biopic
b Gold steady, but under pressure from strong US data
b My Marketing: Humor Me
t Rumor: Apple to use rounded design for upcoming iWatch, could begin  ...
t Google Search App Now Takes Photos And Video With Voice Commands
b Avoid Gilead (NASDAQ:GILD) Ahead of Earnings
e China asks US to refrain from Hong Kong affairs
m Despite Recent Problems, Support for the Massachusetts Health Insurance Law  ...
t Supreme Court Rules Against Streaming Startup Aereo
b AT&T deal puts pressure on Dish
e Album Spotlight: Miranda Lambert, 'Platinum'
e Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield Show Rare PDA After the 2014 MET Ball
b Gansu tap water contamination blamed on oil pipeline leak
t Apple results: more iPhones, fewer iPads and a $30bn share buyback
b Zynga (ZNGA) Rallies Ahead of King Digital IPO
t Tesla Shares Patents With Help Newcomers, 'Technology is Not Defined by  ...
b Alibaba's US IPO: Risk-taking by shareholders at a whole new level
t Jury modifies Apple v. Samsung damages but final amount unchanged, calls  ...
t Astronaut Aldrin seeks moon landing memories
b US anti-dumping measures on Chinese products inconsistent with WTO rules
b Malaysia Airlines MH370: Australian, NZ aircraft spot multiple objects in new  ...
b Pending Home Sales Jump 6.1% Amid Low Rates, More Supply HD LOW
t Apple Updates iWork For iCloud, Mac/iOS Updates Coming
m 1st Chikungunya case confirmed in US Virgin Islands
t Google Buys Web-beaming Solar Drones Capable of Flying for Years at a Time
e Elisabeth Vincentelli
b Sony CEO Details Hands-On Approach To Entertainment Division
b SanDisk acquires Fusion-io for $1.1 billion to boost enterprise efforts
e Why Fargo Works So Well as a TV Show
m West Africa's Ebola outbreak death toll rises to 603
t Procurement software affected by Heartbleed Bug?
t Before Snowden, Aaron Swartz Was Pushing. New Documentary 'Internet's Own  ...
m Your status updates on Facebook are contagious: Study
e Good Friday observed in city
e Katie Couric weds long time fiancé in ceremony at her home
m Justina Pelletier's Father Says She's Returning To Family
e Pink Floyd Will Release New Album, 'The Endless River,' In October
e Courtney Love is "No Expert," But Thinks She Located Missing Malaysian  ...
e Pharrell Williams Joins 'The Voice' as Coach in Season 7
b Stocks struggle ahead of earnings season kickoff
b CURRENCY NEWS Today - Euro Bonds Rise for the Week as Draghi Signals  ...
b US stocks up ahead of ECB decision
m Consumer Reports: Surviving your hospital stay
b SC unemployment down in January
t 7 Automakers Announce Recalls Tied to Takata-Made Airbags
t Orbital Sciences rocket brings supplies and experiments to space station
e 'Hunger Games' Sneak Peek: A Message from President Snow
e CFDAs 2014: The Best Dresses
e Chris Brown And Drake Go For Laughs In ESPYs Skit
t Windows 8 Banned in China's Government Offices
m Medtronic Makes Surprise Turn on Blood-Pressure Device
b GoPro Going Public: Will You Invest?
t New course Office for Apple iPad unveiled by Satya Nadella
b Mortgage Rate Summary for BMO Harris Bank Jun 29, 2014
t Video: NASA animation shows melting glaciers in West Antarctica new  ...
b Gas Supplies to China to Spur East Siberia Development – Russian Energy  ...
e With a New NBC Sitcom on the Way, Katherine Heigl Reveals Her Worst Career  ...
e L'Wren Scott Funeral: Mick Jagger, Family and Famous Friends Say Final Goodbye
b European stocks flat in morning trade
b Pfizer Still Pursuing AstraZeneca After 2nd Rebuff
b Forex - USD/JPY near 1-month lows after tepid Japan data
b Burger King Introduces 'Gay Pride Whopper' in San Francisco
t Microsoft's 'Patch Tuesday' security fixes bypass XP
b Pending home sales soar nationwide in May, biggest jump since 2010
m Tracking the Deadliest Ebola Outbreak in Years
b Pfizer Posts Downbeat Q1 Revenue
m Binge Drinking May Slow Wound Healing
t Google reportedly making 3D tablets, prototypes out next month
t White House Task Force to Save Honey Bees Takes Flight
b Jim Finkle and Siddharth Cavale, REUTERS
b Watch List: Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB), Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE), Michaels  ...
t Wandering wolf may have found a mate
t Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 series will be available in the US from May 1
e AP PHOTOS: Mickey Rooney, legend of Holloywood
e Coachella 2014: AlunaGeorge turns in moving, grooving performance
e A Minute With Butler and Ferguson
m Consumer Reports ranks top 10 safest U.S. hospitals
b EU under pressure over Russia-China gas deal
b Business growth in euro zone rises to 32-month high
t Amazon deal means BlackBerry users finally get Netflix, Pinterest
t Apple plans software to control homes
b Commuters brace for LIRR strike
m Today's Hot Stocks: PTC Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:PTCT), NewLead  ...
e Win a Role On 'Star Wars: Episode VII'!
t San Diego County gasoline price rises to highest amount since September
t Lyrid meteor shower coming on Earth Day
t C/2013 A1 Comet to Whisk Close to Sun on October 25
e CBS Sets Fall 2014 Premiere Dates
b Japan Machinery Orders Plunge, Casting Shadow over Economy
e Dozens of Avicii concertgoers rushed to hospital for second time in a month
e 'Bus Down!' Miley Cyrus' tour bus in flames! [VIDEO]
m Hunger Triggered by Low Blood Glucose makes People Aggressive against their  ...
b Malaysian Airlines MH17 passenger plane carrying 295 people including  ...
m Low Back Pain Leading Cause of Disability Worldwide
e Elle Fanning Covers ASOS Magazine, Proves She's Cooler Than You'll Ever Be  ...
b Darden analyst report: 'Who knew lobsters had middle fingers?'
b American Apparel Signs Support Agreement with Standard General
e Cilla Black 'disappointed' over Harris
e #etiquette: Lena Dunham tweeted an offensive joke, then deleted it. Good call or  ...
b Massive dirt pile may have led to bridge closure, official says part of it on state land
t Samsung hard at work on VR headset for use with Samsung products
e Vancouver technical team part of onscreen magic in 'Amazing Spider-Man 2'
t Microsoft Slicing 18000 Jobs: More Change Ahead
e Besties with beasty
t Samsung is in talks to buy Nuance, the company behind Siri's speech recognition
t Nerd Chick Adventures: Replace your Windows XP relic without breaking the bank
e Movie Musings: Transcendence
e Miley Cyrus Granted Restraining Order Against Fan/Stalker
t Facebook rolls out 'Buy' button. A challenge to Amazon? (+video)
b One Injured When Construction Beams Fall on 405 Freeway
t Oh Yes, There Will Be A 'Super Moon' This Weekend
e Exclusive: Why One Direction's Niall Horan could be heading for heartbreak
b FTSE 100 inches towards record highs as Shire jumps higher
e Jolie says she and Pitt won't tighten their security
e Orlando Bloom - Orlando Bloom wants to inspire son
e Kim Kardashian Blonde: Kim Takes Her Locks Back To Blonde Post-Wedding
e Kirstie Alley joins Jenny Craig to lose weight — again
e New territory: MacFarlane, Theron blaze a fresh path with comedy Western
e Zac Efron Confirms a High School Music Reunion May Happen! (VIDEO)
m US air controllers still challenged for sleep
t Conan O'Brien Plays 'Watch Dogs'
b Annual march biggest in recent years, with the focus democracy in 2017
b Europe Stocks Sag After Downbeat Chinese, German Data
t General Motors ignition recall compensation
t Videos and photos capture incredible views of Tuesday's total lunar eclipse
t Apple rolls out new software to lure app developers
b Updates, advisories and surprises
e Two Members Of All-Female Japanese Pop Group Attacked
t GM puts forth plan for restitution
e Led Zeppelin Hit With Lawsuit For Allegedly Plagiarising 'Stairway To Heaven'
t Samsung's Gear Live Android Wear Smartwatch First Impressions
e Prepare for another year of our empty lives without Game of Thrones
b India Morning Call-Global Markets
b GameStop Corp. Price Target Lowered to $34.77 at Benchmark Co. (GME)
b Southern wheat production down
t Nintendo Loses $97 Million In Last Quarter
e Fans think Banksy behind artwork mocking UK spies
e Teen Twitter Terrorist Threat Trend Shakes Airlines
t Google CEO Larry Page Advocates for Shorter Work Weeks
t Gas Prices Dropped 30 Out of 31 Days in July
e Beyonce shows why she is queen, leads all artists with eight VMA nominations
b Gold holds modest losses after Chicago PMI miss
e Lorenzo di Bonaventura Says Making The Transformers Films Like the Cartoon  ...
m Quitting smoking more likely with e-cigarettes, study says
b Recall roundup: Fiat 500L
e Winter Soldier sets box office record for April
t South Fla. affected by report released on climate change?
m COLLEGE WOMEN'S BASKETBALL: NCAAA TOURNAMENT NU's chances rest  ...
t Microsoft Looking for Office Beta Testers
e Cinco de Mayo Facts: What's with the May 5 Celebration?
e Chris Brown sends 'special' message to girlfriend Karrueche Tran from jail
e Miley Cyrus Unexpectedly Channeled Marlon Brando at Last Night's VMAs
m Yes, You Need to Wear Sunscreen Everywhere. Here's How
b Nikkei rises to 1-1/2-week high on US optimism; Bank of Japan gets muted  ...
b China, Russia's Gazprom sign gas agreement
t Microsoft plans to cut up to 14% of staff
t Microsoft renames Nokia to Microsoft Mobile – end of an era
t Microsoft Patch Tuesday bids adieu to Windows XP
m Restaurant Worker May Have Exposed Thousands to Hepatitis A
e Man charged with felony for stalking Selena
e Marvel's Rick Remender on 'Captain America's' comic book future
t 99% of Ocean Plastic Is AWOL
b Newark Airport near collision closer than earlier thought
e VIDEO: GAME OF THRONES' Kit Harington Teases Finale is 'Going to Be a Big  ...
e Madonna to Adapt Rebecca Walker's Novella
e Third time's the charm? Madonna to direct Ade: A Love Story
t Pictures: Google car – The first driverless car
m Can New Chocolate Pills Improve Heart Health?
t The Government Would Save $400 Million If It Just Switched Typefaces
e Russell Crowe calls Noah criticism 'irrational'
e Miss USA Nia Sanchez Under Fire For Switching States Before Competition
t Samsung adds Galaxy Ace Style to portfolio
e 'Neighbors' cast on bad pranks, bad neighbors
m Agent: Pistorius planned travel with girlfriend - FOX Carolina 21
e Elisabeth Hasselbeck talks rumors of Rosie O'Donnell returning 'The View' on  ...
m Ground beef produced in Detroit being recalled
e 2014 James Beard Finalists Announced: Steven Satterfield Best Chef Southeast
e Rolf Harris confesses affair with daughter's friend
t Earth-Size Planet Where Water Could Exist Discovered
t Apple poaches senior Tag Heuer executive as iWatch nears
b Carney signals earlier British rate hike; stg soars vs dollar
m Why was 1918 flu pandemic so deadly? Research offers new clue
b Alcatel-Lucent First-Quarter Loss Narrows on Cost Reductions
e Dior Cruise 2015
e 'Scandal': How we picked our Top 10 Twists, plus 7 honorable mentions
b Pfizer's sales way off mark as company pursues AstraZeneca
e Melisssa McCarthy, Ben Falcone talk love, films and wig mishaps
b Much Noise, Little Movement
b Month-end roundup or rout
t GM recalls about 60000 Saturns to fix gear shifts - KCTV5
e US Airways sorry for tweet with porn image
e Beyonce, Jay Z Snub Kimye's Wedding, Prefer Hampton Getaway
b Wal-Mart stocks fall on profits drop
b 'There Is No Such Thing As Too Big To Jail'
t Metal Samsung Galaxy Alpha may be unveiled in a month
t Qualcomm buys startup Wilocity to bring gigabit wireless to mobile phones
e 6/12: Iraqi civilians flee fighting, as militants close in; Actress Ruby Dee dies at 91
t Scientists identify immediate human risks of global warming
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4: The First With A Flexible, 3-sided Youm Display?
e GTA V Online Developer Sued by Lindsay Lohan
t Tablet Market Slows as PCs Shows Slight Recovery
e 'Seinfeld' Actor Wayne Knight Victim of Celebrity Death Hoax
b Ukraine referendum tensions weigh on markets - KTVN Channel 2 - Reno Tahoe  ...
e The Walking Dead Season Finale Review: All Aboard
e Lena Dunham Reveals Plan to Quit Acting
e Casey Kasem Dead at 82
b RBI board committee to decide on bank licences: Raghuram Rajan
b Students in Shanghai score highest for financial literacy
e 'Game of Thrones' Finale: Director Says Shocking Death Will 'Dramatically' Alter  ...
t Greenville gas prices down for summer travel peak
t AT&T wants to beat Google Fiber to the punch in 21 new cities
e 'Mad Men': Don, Joan, Peggy and the rest in 1960s-style ads (gallery)
e CBS' 'How I Met Your Mother' Finale Surges 50% in Demo to Hit Series High
t Netflix shares down 8% on Apple-Comcast report
e Celine Dion Responds to Man Behind 'All By Myself' Las Vegas Airport Video
t Facebook hits 1 billion mobile users
t First POST: Bleeding Hearts
m 2 diagnosed with chikungunya virus in south Fla.
e Our New Favorite Song Is Jessie J, Ariana Grande & Nicki Minaj's 'Bang Bang'
m Run, run, run: Daily running can lower death risk
e Friday Box Office: 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier still leading way  ...
e Kim Kardashian & Kanye West's Wedding Plans Hit a Major Bump in the Road
t Earth Hour Set for Saturday Night
t NSA masquerades as Facebook to infect 'millions' of computers - Still think  ...
t Apple's Phil Schiller Reprises Testimony on Early Days of iPhone, iPad
b HSBC Purchasing Managers' Index grows fastest in June
e After 7 Decades A Star Of Stage And Screen, Eli Wallach Dies At 95
b Sector Update: Technolgy
b Pfizer abandons $118 billion attempt to buy AstraZeneca – for now
m Gene That May Raise IQ Sparks New Hope for Those with Dementia
b App competitors unafraid of Microsoft's Office for iPad
m For God's sake don't wash raw chicken
t Business update: Supreme Court sides with employees in retirement fund case
t Rocket leak delays space station delivery launch
t Smartphone LG G3 launched
t Amazon Is In Smartphone Game To Sell You Things
e Springfield just got sexy! Kim Kardashian and Kanye West get The Simpsons  ...
b Natural gas pipeline company Williams announces takeover of Access Midstream
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye in Paris
e Benefits of Dark Chocolate: Health up Your Easter Baskets!
t Google will keep absolute control over the look and feel of Android Wear
e On yer bike: Pippa Middleton starts her 3000 mile cycle across the US
e Celebrating the King Of Pop Michael Jackson with some rare family pictures  ...
m Purported Schumacher medical files for sale
e Robin Thicke thanks his estranged wife at Billboard awards
e Relics of NYC World's Fair: Eyesores or icons?
b Recalled GM part could cost just $2-$5
e Twitter Asked Robin Thicke Why He's Such a Sketchy Misogynist
t Apple hints password reuse, not iCloud hack, at heart of locked iDevice ransom  ...
e Watch Jena Irene Sing “Clarity” in American Idol 2014 Top 10 — March 19, 2014
b Inflation data give Fed another topic for debate
m New Ebola Fears Spread After Plane Scare
b Baker Hughes to disclose all chemicals in its fracking fluids
e Seth Rogan Hopes to Entertain Kim Jong-Un
b Information vacuum breeds wild theories
b Texas family wins landmark $3-million verdict against fracking operator
t Google adds 'People' section to Google Play
m Mosquitoes Negative for West Nile Virus
b Oil steady on demand hopes as stocks fall
m Study: Electrical Spinal Stimulation Helps Patients Move Again
e Pharrell knows Hillary Clinton will be the next president
e Galavis cagey about love, post-'Bachelor' plans
b Relatives of Flight 370 victims protest in China
t Apple announces iOS 8
t GM execs face Congress
m FDA Approves Ramucirumab for Gastric and GEJ Adenocarcinoma
t IPCC Working Group II: media coverage round-up
m WHO panel still sees no MERS emergency
b NY attorney general sues Barclays over dark pool
b Will the Drama Ever End for Lululemon?
e Bryan Singer, X-Men Director, Accused of Sexually Abusing Teenage Boy in the  ...
t Bill ensures emails, photos, online accounts won't die with you
m New mosquito-borne virus worries experts
e Have a safe Fourth of July
b Investors ask if stock drop is just the start
m Court gives Massachusetts child welfare officials permanent custody of teenage  ...
e Interpreting the Layers of Lady Gaga's New Music Video for "G.U.Y."
b Google tops Apple to become world's most valuable brand, Microsoft rebounding  ...
b Obama: Missing Malaysian jet a 'top priority'
e Jimmy Kimmel Riffs with the Clintons on Private Lives, Public Service and (Of  ...
m Forever young: Can 'vampire therapy' blood injections really reverse the ageing  ...
b Insurers ponder Obamacare 2015 prices
e 'Game of Thrones' Author George RR Martin Fires Home the First Pitch for  ...
e Home News Not enough superlatives to describe latest comic...
b Google's Q1 2014 earnings: up across the board, but down on Wall Street
e Gay pride parades across the US draw huge crowds
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Release Date, Features & Specs: Phablet's Quad HD  ...
b Mt. Gox apparently found 200000 Bitcoin in an old wallet, should check its pockets
t Microsoft Surface Pro 3 Review: Hands-On With The 'Laptop Killer'
e LeVar Burton Takes To The Internet To Bring Reading Rainbow To All Kids
t Google reportedly looking to simplify home entertainment with Android TV
m Binge Drinking and Other Excessive Alcohol Usage Kills 1 in 10 Adults
e Beyoncé And Jay Z Share Wedding Footage During 'On The Run' Tour Amid  ...
t United Arab Emirates plans Mars mission for 2021, looks to start space agency
m Yelp restaurant reviews helping NYC officials to identify outbreaks of food  ...
e Fox Announces Live Production Of 'Grease' For 2015
b AbbVie raises bid for drugmaker rival Shire to £51.15 a share
b Shire valued at £31bn amid takeover
t FAQs Concerning the Legal Implications of the Heartbleed Vulnerability
t Alibaba prospectus hints at big Alipay IPO ahead
t Apple close to $3.2bn Beats deal
e Religion briefs for April 18
b Morgan Stanley Wealth profit seen as proxy for capital return
e Susan Sarandon plays sexy granny in 'Tammy'
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West releasing single together?
b FAA Reports Near Mid-Air Collision Near Tallahassee Airport
e Attention, Beyonce Haters: The Beygency Is Coming For You
e Miley Cyrus, The Flaming Lips & Moby Star In WTF-Tastic, LSD-Inspired Short  ...
b WSJ: JPMorgan CEO Dimon Intends To Stay With Bank
e 'Mad Men': Passenger side
b Australians say latest objects need to be checked
t Climate change: Get alternatives in sooner
t HTC One M8: New leaked video in German; rumored as Verizon Wireless  ...
b UPDATE: Zillow Announces to Buy Trulia for $3.5B in Stock
t Microsoft adding folders to Windows Phone 8.1
b Statement by Retiree Leader Richard Fiesta on the 2014 Social Security and  ...
b JCP Stock Surges on Citigroup Upgrade
e Captain America: The Winter Soldier packs more action, substance than first  ...
b Japan relaxes arms export rules to fortify defence
e 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier': Chris Evans Says Marvel Has 'Cracked  ...
b Unilever share price: Currency woes weigh on Q1 sales
b Disney to buy YouTube network Maker Studios for $500 mln
t 'Biggest Dinosaur Ever' Unearthed in Argentina
e Paparazzi Crash Lindsay Lohan's Photo Shoot
e Wiz Khalifa Arrested For Weed At Texas Airport
e Trending: MJ Hologram Performance, Rangers Ball Kid Explains
m From Idea to Market in 8 Years
b Obama Names Former Procter & Gamble Executive To Head Veterans Affairs
e Kevin Bacon recreates Footloose after 30 years - watch
t Pixies' Classic 'Gigantic' Backs Apple's New iPhone Ad
t New LG G Watch Photos And Specifications Published By LG
b Deadline for health insurance extended
e 'The Voice' Recap: The round two battles begin
b Siemens hopes to submit Alstom bid by June 16
e Justices' Heads In The Cloud During Aereo Hearing
t How to Mute Annoying Twitter Users, and Why You'd Want to
e Film review: Captain America: The Winter Soldier
t Amazon rainforest grew after climate change 2000 years ago
m Life Expectancy For Those With Mental Illness Is Lower Than That Of Heavy  ...
e Beyonce breaks down at final concert
t Confirmed: Amazon Is Buying Twitch, Google Is Not
e Rhonda Adkins, Trace Adkins' Wife, Files for Divorce
e Episode VII won't be using EU storylines.
e Andy Warhol's lost Amiga computer art found
m New research highlights chemicals linked to breast cancer
t Starbucks Special Offer: Free Wireless Charging for Customers
b Gold above six-week low; set for first monthly decline this year
b 180 jobs lost as Philip Morris pulls out of Moorabbin factory
b Rumored $3.2 Billion Beats Deal Would Be Apples Largest Ever Acquisition
t Ford, Chrysler recall hundreds of thousands of vehicles
e Five people compared to Adrian Mole
t Melting Antarctic Ice Formation May Trigger Unstoppable Sea-Level Rise
b Why the Fed could raise rates sooner than you think
e Tori Spelling wants to humiliate Dean McDermott in 'True Tori,' says source  ...
t Online file storage service by Apple
e 'Rising Star' Rival, 'America's Got Talent,' Hopes to Sink the Show
m West Nile Virus: how to reduce the risk of being infected
b Apple to buy Beats for $3 billion
b Heavy rain, strong winds impede MH370 search
b Fourth of July Gasoline at Six-Year High
t Gaming's Top 5 April Fools Jokes - Article
m Diabetes rise in the US is 'alarming,' say CDC
e Latest: Disappointment for Garth Brooks fans as two gigs are cancelled
t GS News - CliffyB Attacks Notch over Oculus, Last Of Us Coming To PS4?
e Katy Perry Admits Her Upcoming Music Will Be John Mayer Inspired
e Jennifer Garner grateful for active childhood
t eBay Advises Users to Change Password After Hacking Attack
b Israeli hedge funds rise 33 percent in two years
t Memo from Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella announcing up to 18000 job cuts over  ...
t Adieu, Fifth Generation Mustang
b Icahn withdraws proposal that PayPal be spun off from eBay
e 'RHONYC' spoilers: Season 6 premiere brings Kristen Taekman into the mix
e Morgan Freeman: 'Transcendence' a horror film?
b Search for missing Malaysian Airlines plane expands from Australia to Kazakhstan
b Taco Bell hires Ronald McDonald for ads
e Sherri Shepherd, Jenny McCarthy All Smiles After 'View' Departure  ...
e A 'Full House' reunion at Dave Coulier's wedding
e Chadwick Boseman talks James Brown role in Get on Up (with video)
e Up Front About the Upfronts: State of the Networks 2014
b Barchart Morning Call
b Why Allergan (AGN) Stock Is Down Today
e New kids on the engine block
t Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs S4: Easier Choice Than You Think
e Bill Murray crashed some guy's bachelor party and gave a speech
t Sprint Owner May Push T-Mobile Merger As Broadband Competition Solution
b Individual detained in Bulgaria's Ruse over alleged activities aiming against  ...
e Arnold Schwarzenegger: Video games are more violent than my new movie
t NASA 'live' tweeting Apollo 11 launch on 45th anniversary
e Michael Jace officially charged with murder in shooting death of wife
t HTC One M8 Killer Performance Beats iPhone 5S, Galaxy S5 And Xperia Z1 on  ...
t Facebook will soon force you to install Messenger for mobile chat
b Dollar lower vs. yen; Aussie, kiwi rally after Putin
b Today Is The Last Day You Can Sign Up For Obamacare - Here's What You  ...
e Leaned In, Pushed Out: Jill Abramson's Firing Should Make Us Reconsider  ...
b Chipmaker SanDisk Buys Fusion-io For Bargain Price
b Auto and Student Loans Surge as Credit Card Use Drops
t FCC chair cracks door open to reclassifying broadband as a public utility
b Sinkhole opens up in Villages neighborhood
t Why the Console Wars Won't Be Anything Like You Expect
t Video: Take a look at the powerful Oppo Find 7 Android phone in action
b Who owns Tim Hortons?
e This is as normal as Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's wedding got
e Kim Kardashian Says Their Wedding Wont Be Filmed, Plus Clearing Other  ...
b Ford's profit falls 39% in first quarter
e Updated: Rihanna & Eminem's "Monster" Tour Kicks Off In August
t FBR Capital Initiates Coverage On Yahoo
t Alaska News Nightly: June 25, 2014
b Coca-Cola launches new Coke Life with fewer calories, but still high in sugar
e Frank Darabont for Snow White and the Huntsman 2
e MIA's Lawyers Cite Prince's Phallic Guitar While Fighting NFL's $16.6 Million  ...
e Johnny Depp-Amber Heard enjoy shopping for books
m No More Indoor Tanning for Teens Under 18
b Zebra Tech to buy Motorola Solutions' unit for $3.5 bln - FT
e Jada: Stop trash talking Willow
b U.S. farmers expect to plant record soybean crop
b Bank of America (BAC) Reputation Suffers Due to 2014 Capital Plan Setback  ...
e Why we pirate. The price of Game of Thrones Season 4 is £60 in Australia
t Graco's Car Seat Recall Expands To Become Nation's Largest In History
b A Look At Important Events In The Week Ahead
e The Voice Removes iTunes Votes After Josh Kaufman Song Glitch
t LG G3 first impressions -- the experience is greater than the sum of its (awesome  ...
t Flappy Bird Creator Dong Nguyen Tweets About Games Return
b Predominantly online census recommended for 2021
b Was Malaysia airlines flight shot down by Ukraine rebels by mistake?
e SHAKING OFF OUR CHAINS A Passover Sermon
t Twitter Fights For Mainstream Adoption With Facebook-ish Updates
t Watch Dogs PS4 train gameplay
e George Clooney storms out of Sin City dinner over Obama barbs
t Samsung Gear Live Smartwatch With Android Wear May Appear At Google IO  ...
e Lies and weight gain! Nick Cannon's dad rants about relationship killers amid  ...
m Woman In Coma Gives Birth To Baby Boy
t Nintendo is making entirely new consoles for emerging markets
t Carl Hiaasen: Fla.'s Gov. Scott takes deep dive into climate change
b BNP Paribas's 'Tour de Fraud'
m Diet Soda Helps Weight Loss, Industry-Funded Study Finds (VIDEO)
m Getting the most of mesenchymal stem cell transplants
e First Look Image of Henry Cavill as Superman for 'Batman v Superman' Revealed!
e Watch 'The Bachelorette' Season 10 Episode 5 Live Stream Online! Which Sexy  ...
b Turkey blocks access to Twitter after PM threatens action
e Chilling 'Godzilla' reboot upholds legacy
t Earth Hour celebrated around the globe
t The 2015 Ford Mustang GT 50 Year Limited Edition is a slice of hotness
b US unemployment rate near six-year low
t Ailing Kepler telescope cleared for new duty
m Home News A Broken System: Mental illness takes its toll on...
e Will Aereo Survive the Supreme Court?
e Lindsay Lohan claims she lost Avengers role to an "unknown"
e Amazon to fight Apple, Google, Spotify in music wars
t Report says NSA exploited Heartbleed for surveillance purposes; Agency denies
b IBM beats estimates, turnaround struggles remain
b OOPS! Fire station severely damaged
e Is it too late for Paltrow and Martin to ask for a refund?
b FN100 Number Ones: Mario Draghi
m Human nose can detect at least 1 trillion odors says latest study…..
t Iran bans WhatsApp because Mark Zuckerberg is a Jew
e Kim Kardashian goes back to the dark side as she steps out in a VERY plunging  ...
b UPDATE 2-Sycamore Partners mulls offer for apparel retailer Express
e Weekend Box Office: Neighbors shatters Seth Rogen-related records
e Former NY Times editor speaks at Wake Forest
t Dating Website Discourages Firefox Users Over Mozilla CEO Support Of Same  ...
b After Hillshire loss, Pilgrim's eyes other targets
e Casey Kasem, Legendary Top 40 Radio Host, Dead at 82
e Brad Pitt Set To Star As General Stanley McChrystal In War Flick 'The Operators'
b German unemployment falls twice as much as forecast
e Kevin Costner's Draft Day may set record for most improbable plot
t T-Mobile Sued By FTC For 'Hundreds Of Millions' In Bogus Charges
t Utah Weekly Gas Price Update and Outlook
m Ebola outbreak: Africa struggles to contain killer disease
b Stocks slip on Fed official's rate hike call; sterling up
e Robin Williams Is Back at Rehab to Maintain Sobriety
t Apple Opens OS X Beta To Non-Developers
b Stock Update: Comcast Corporation (NASDAQ:CMCSA) – Lawmakers express  ...
e VoR Debate: If we all call the tune, the lawyers will lead us to reason
t Apple's iOS 7.1.1 update aims to fix fingerprint fallacies
t Microsoft Office Finally Arrives on the iPad
m Study explores impact of chemotherapy on breast cancer survivors' employment
t Hog With Muted Growl Tours U.S. as Harley Tests e-Bikes
m Pakistan's polio figures may prompt tough restrictions
m Dark chocolate may help people walk longer and farther, says study
e TRUE BLOOD: Live Chat “Fire in the Hole”, ep. 3, 9:00pm EST
e Discovery Spikes 'Sons Of Guns' After “Serious And Horrific” New Charges  ...
b Eccentric billionaire who may soon be a big part of your Internet experience
b Rupert Murdoch appoints sons to empire
t Facebook launches location-sharing feature 'Nearby Friends'
b Posted by Shoaib-ur-Rehman Siddiqui
b Yum Brands jump as China growth boosts profit
t Snowden: NSA 'Targets Millions' With Malware
t Scientists discover new 'Earth-like planet' which could be home to extraterrestrial  ...
b Energy Future of Texas reaches bankruptcy deal
e Avicii Hospitalized ... Cancels Miami Show at Last Minute
e Pharrell, Ariana Grande, & Christina Milian Attend Kids' Choice Awards
e Singled Out No More: Jenny McCarthy Engaged to Donnie Wahlberg
m Foster Farms: We're Making Progress In Salmonella Reduction
e Mick Jagger Skews Monty Python Reunion —Wrinkly Old Men Trying To Relive  ...
e Zac Efron and Michelle Rodriguez Kiss on a Boat — Just Friends or More  ...
e FOX News hires 'Clueless' star Stacey Dash as contributor
e AC/DC Frontman Addresses Retirement Rumors, Says The Band Is Definitely  ...
b June jobs report shows US recovery is accelerating - Northern Michigan's News  ...
b Amazon Cart Brings Shopping to Your Twitter Timeline
t Twitter Officially Introduces The 'Mute' Button For Android, IPhone And Web
e Michael Jackson Billboard Awards Hologram Blows Fans Away (VIDEO)
m Pelvic exam not needed for most
e Zac Efron involved in Skid Row brawl
b AlibabaEarnings Almost Triple as 27 Partners Named
e 'Peaches is dead. We are beyond pain' – Bob Geldof
e The Voice Blind Auditions Get Seriously (and Outrageously) Talented!
e 3 charged in fatal train crash during Georgia filming
m FDA Suggests First Laws For E-cigarettes
b GoPro Is Going Public. Will It Sink or Swim?
b Samsung foresees a rare decline in profit
b BlackBerry-Amazon deal gives BB10 users access to Amazon Appstore apps
t Samsung Galaxy S6 release date in April 2015?
e The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back  ...
e Ramped-up DUI patrols planned for Cinco De Mayo weekend
b NY sues Barclays for 'dark pool' fraud
e Here's Why Kate Winslet Gave Her Son a Very Unique Name
t China regulator announces anti-monopoly probe of Microsoft
m Friday declared "Donate Life" Day in Rochester
e Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin's split hasn't stopped them from sticking  ...
e Frank Ocean's New Album is Almost Done
t OneNote for iPad Updated to Match New Office Apps
b Private ownership will see MAS undergo 'complete overhaul'
t AT&T eyes 100 cities for super-fast internet
e Yahoo getting serious about Internet video as it prepares to release 2 comedy  ...
b FOREX-ECB comments knock euro but not much
e Seth Rogen Lashes Out At Film Critic Over Santa Barbara Killings Article
e The Travails of Tammy
t Xbox One Coming To 26 Countries This September
e Nick Cannon Wears Whiteface to Plug 'White People Party Music' (Video)
m Experts question link between saturated fat and heart disease
t Jury Recalculates Damages in Apple vs. Samsung Trial, Leaves Award the Same
b AstraZeneca bid by Pfizer now over
e 'Orange is the New Black' Season 2 Trailer: Welcome Back to the Jungle
e “GMA” Anchor Josh Elliott Jumps Ship
t Earth's interior “might have as much water as all the world's oceans put together  ...
e Jessica Alba Reveals Why She Won't Get Naked In Glamour
e Johnny Winter, legendary blues guitarist, dies
e Destiny's Child Reunites for Michelle Williams' "Say Yes" Song - Watch!
b Toyota India unit locks out workers at two plants
e Review: 'Orphan Black' even better in Season 2
t Facebook continues to battle click-bait
t When Crowdfunding Goes Corporate: Kickstarter Backers Vent Over Facebook's  ...
m Proposed FDA regulations for e-cigarettes just a start
e Neil Patrick Harris Poses Completely Naked for Rolling Stone, Talks "Awkward  ...
b OECD trims 2014 growth forecast to 3.4%
b Posted by Imaduddin
e 'The Purge: Anarchy' Cast Talk New Summer Thriller: Frank Grillo, Michael K  ...
b Allergan Board of Directors to Review Unsolicited Exchange Offer from Valeant
t Samsung Galaxy F pictured in 'glowing gold', no connection to S5 LTE-A?
e The Big Bang Theory renewed for a further THREE seasons
t Microsoft releases of Lumia 930 and 635 4G smartphones with Windows Phone  ...
e Gwyneth Paltrow wants 15m home
e 'Vogue' Kardashian cover sparks backlash
e Scarlett Johansson teases “complex” Avengers: Age of Ultron
b Merkel Says Germany Keen to Contribute to Greek Development Bank
b US initial jobless claims drop; 4-week average at lowest since 2007
e When Mila Met Ashton: The Love Story
e Madonna Marks 25th Anniversary of "Like a Prayer," Dares to Be Hairy
t Job cuts loom at Nokia
e Orphan Black Renewed For Season Three
e 'Mad Men' Season 7, episode 4 recap: Whiny tantrums, truthful hippies and 'The  ...
e How other faiths in PH observe Holy Week
b EU Puts Russia Gas Pipeline Talks on Hold
m MERS Fears
e Lindsay Lohan's miscarriage heartache
m Heroin, Painkillers Focus of White House's 2014 Drug Control Policy
e The Billboard Music Awards Best Dressed List Proves That Last Night's Theme  ...
e Should the Controversial Aaliyah Biopic Still Be Made Post-Zendaya?
e Chinese 'chicken cup' could sell for record US$38 mil
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4: Rumor Roundup
e Recap: 'True Detective' Finale Season 1, Episode 8 'Form And Void'
m U.S. MERS patient did not infect Illinois resident: CDC
m 'No Ebola Patients At JFK'
e A dancing congressman has a message for you today: 'Be happy!'[VIDEO]
e [Movies] Marvel Confirms Captain America 3 Release Date
b MH370 pings 'unlikely to be from black box'
b Michaels's Q2 sales, full-year guidance beat Wall Street
b Encana to sell Jonah Field assets to TPG for $1.8B
b MH370: Conspiracy theories abound
m Cochrane Relay For Life cancelled due to low enrollment and volunteers
e Alexa Ray Joel faints while performing on stage
t We Don't Need Speed Reading Apps
e Kim Kardashian takes 12 bags with her for wedding in Paris (see pics)
e How to avoid Game of Thrones spoilers without cutting off from Facebook, Twitter
e Love notes sent to MH370 passenger
b China's economy grows at 7.4 percent in first quarter
e Emma Roberts Takes 'Palo Alto' To San Francisco
e Jonathan Safran Foer, Chipotle putting works by Gladwell, Morrison, Saunders  ...
t Canadians' tax data stolen in...
t Apple, Samsung trade barbs as US$2bil patent trial opens
t Instagram hits 200 million users this week
e Frances Bean Cobain Schools Lana Del Rey, 'Don't Romanticise Young Death'
b JC Penney Company, Inc. (NYSE:JCP): Q1 2014 Results Report A Solid Quarter
b Philip Morris buys Nicocigs
b Toyota posts record profit of $19bn
m FDA Approves Use Of DEKA Arm System: First Prosthetic Arm To Convert  ...
b Argentina Stock Market Crash Reverses After Today's Deal – for Now
t Apple Inc. Relaunches iPad 4, Dumps iPad 2
b Alibaba plans U.S. flotation
b Barclays escapes with small fine for gold manipulation (BCS)
b Market Wrap AM
m Global life expectancy rises again
e Nobel-winning Colombian author dies
e Ben Affleck May or May Not Have Killed His Wife in David Fincher's Gone Girl
e Cannes 2014: Nuri Bilge Ceylan's slow-burn Palme d'Or, and career
t The TYLT Vu-Mate Brings Wireless Charging to your Samsung Galaxy S5 for $25
t Sheryl Sandberg Barely 'Leans In' to Apology Over Facebook Mood Study
e Robert Downey Jr. had 'Captain America' birthday party with kids
t Amazon launches store dedicated to smartwatches, all things wearable
t Neil deGrasse Tyson Makes Us Feel Inadequate on This Week's 'Cosmos'
b Lew backs new cyber law
m MERS Virus: Get the Facts
b Top European court rejects Osborne's Robin Hood tax challenge
m La. seniors among nation's least healthy
m A Disease Eradicated Throughout Much of the World Is Now Making a  ...
t Samsung Galaxy Ace Style with Android KitKat OS to Hit Global Markets this Month
b Barclays London Investment Bank Staff Sweat over Where Jobs Axe will Fall
t Twitter Gives You a Way to Shut Up Your Talkative Friends
b Scientific Games (SGMS) to Acquire Bally Tech (BYI) in $5.1B Deal
t Apple PT Raised to $590.00 (AAPL)
t Samsung Galaxy K zoom to cost €519 in Germany
e Kiss Fire Up 'The Tonight Show'
t Stealing Private SSL Keys Using Heartbleed Difficult, Not Impossible
m Industry Study finds Diet Soda can Aid in Weight Loss
m 18 Ilonggos in Mers-Cov virus watch
e Steve Carrell and Channing Tatum in the menacing trailer for Foxcatcher
e Press scramble as Rolf Harris leaves in prison van to begin sentence
m Mobile Devices Radiation – Connection to Cancer Risk
t Destiny reveals beta dates, expansion pass, and special edition pricing
b Ford - How Long Until We Reach New 52-Week Highs?
b Qualcomm Q2 Profit Up - Quick Facts
b Why Bigger Banks Take Bigger Risks…. With Your Money
e Kim Kardashian Returns to Recording Booth
e Did Beyoncé Confirm Jay Z Is Cheating On Her?
b Euro zone debt yields edge up as Nowotny tempers ECB QE hopes
e Details on Sandra Bullock's Scary Run-In with Home Intruder
t UPDATE 1-Experimental US hypersonic weapon destroyed seconds after launch
e Jodie Foster Marries Girlfriend -- No Big Deal
t The Best Use of Google Glass Yet: Sick Kids Get Virtual Hang Time With Animals
e AC/DC's Brian Johnson Denies Breakup Reports, Confirms Band Member Illness
e 'Arrow' Star Stephen Amell Debuts his Impressive Abs at Comic-Con
b More moms staying home, reversing decadeslong decline
e Kate Middleton Tormented by Queen Elizabeth II? Palace Denies Fight [PHOTOS]
e J.K. Rowling Publishes New Story 'Dumbledore's Army Reunites..' on Pottermore
e 10 Ways the NBA Playoffs Are Like Mad Men
t Galaxy Note 3 LTE will now have a N9005XXUEND3 Android 4.4.2 KitKat OS
t Is the Samsung SM-G906A the Galaxy S5 Prime?
e The Amazing Spider-Man 2 Star Andrew Garfield Wants to see Miles Morales On  ...
b Argentina default spooks US stocks
b CBO sees lower costs for Affordable Care Act insurance provisions
e Chris Brown trial delayed; bodyguard convicted of misdemeanor
e Fans come out in force for Monty Python return new
e Metallica Guitarist Comments on the Future of the Band
t Ring with Camera Lets Blind People 'See' Words on a Page
e 'Transcendence' a parable about smart people
b AP Top News at 4:14 am EDT
b $1 Trillion Student Loan Debt Widens US Wealth Gap
e Man's Kickstarter to Make a Potato Salad Raises Over $6000
b Posted by Muhammad Iqbal
b Citi among 5 banks to fail Fed 'stress test'
t Twitter broadens advertising reach
b China Q2 growth mired at 7.4 pc on-year: survey
b Forex - Japanese yen slightly weaker ahead of retail sales, CPI
t Nintendo posts third straight annual loss, dismal Wii U sales in PAL territories
t Eyefi Cloud Syncs Photos From Your Camera to the Internet in a Flash
t Microsoft says many ATMs in India yet to be upgraded from Windows XP
e Gary Oldman Defends Mel Gibson, Rails Against Political Correctness In  ...
t Google Glass Release, Price and News Update : Prescription Frames & Shades  ...
t 11 of the Best Samsung Galaxy S5 Cases (list)
m Video of Cheery Toddler's First Steps Goes Viral
t Lunar eclipse overnight, but who gets to see it?
b WWE News: Is the cover of 2014 SummerSlam DVD hinting at Money in the  ...
t The four largest carriers now support texting 911, but most emergency call  ...
e Game of Thrones author George RR Martin releases teaser chapter and 'breaks  ...
e Orlando Bloom Seems Unphased By Justin Bieber Feud - See the Latest Photos!
e Studio says filming underway in Detroit for 'Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice  ...
b Priceline Group Inc. (PCLN) Buying Open Table Inc. (OPEN)
m Westcountry skin cancer rates rocket as package holiday prices fall
t Driving the Past, For the Future of Car Design
t Smartphone industry embraces anti-theft move, but for some lawmakers it's not  ...
b North Dakota pumps 1 million barrels of oil a day
b Large jets have scary close call at Barcelona airport
e Hedi Slimane Shot Angelina Jolie for Elle
t Microsoft declares war on Chromebooks
b Sisi Reforms Hike Egypt's Electricity Prices
b Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 relatives accuse government of withholding data
b Will Uber Destroy the Driving Profession?
e In defense of the Resurrection
m Too Much Codeine Still Prescribed to Kids: Study
m Hummus Recalled From Target, Trader Joe's Over Listeria Fears
t Twitch: Everything you need to know about the games streaming service
e Watch Robin Thicke Try To Win Paula Back At The 2014 BET Awards Performance
b Forex - Euro extends gains after euro zone PMI surveys
m Dr. Oz takes a beating, Benghazi suspect nabbed: Today's top stories
e COMMENTARY: Protect eyes this Fourth of July holiday
e Aereo TV CEO Speaks as Case Goes to SCOTUS
b Colorado governor, John Hickenlooper, scales back marijuana tax
m 'Historic' first ever drug for Duchenne muscular dystrophy approved
b Yahoo shares takes a hit after concerns over Alibaba IPO filing
e TMZ post video of who they say is rapper Jay-Z being attacked by Solange  ...
b US Economy Rebounds More Than Expected, In 3 Charts
b Yellen Testifies Tuesday – Buy or Sell the Dollar?
b China HSBC Manufacturing PMI Improves in May
b Ford Names Mark Fields As Next CEO
m Senators urges FDA to issue clear guidelines ensuring artisan cheese makers  ...
m High Cholesterol In Either Partner Could Make Conception Difficult
t 26/06/2014Neanderthal poo shows cavemen ate their veggies
b Housing Recovery Reaches Slowest Pace Since July 2012
e Odds & Ends: Beyoncé/Jay Z, BB King, Willie Nelson, Zac Brown Band
b Near-misses on Barcelona airport runway and at British air show
b Egypt's Electricity Bills Rise Starting July - Minister
b Senator says Caterpillar avoided billions in taxes
t Microsoft's Surface Pro 3 may replace Apple's lost iPad
e AP Music WriterApril 12, 2014 Updated 3 hours ago
b Dozens of critics are given a chance to sound off on Detroit bankruptcy plan
e Simpson's vows are People's picture of bli$s
e Comedian Tracy Morgan, injured in crash, is improving, says publicist
e 'Game of Thrones' Death Shocker! Key Character Is Shown the (Moon) Door
e Kim and Kanye get set for wedding
e Categorizing 'Divergent': Five dystopian questions
e Prince Announces Two New Albums, Drops New Single 'Clouds'
e MTV Video Music Awards 2014: badass women dominated the show
m Bacteria can linger inside airplanes for days
t Is today's Rubik's cube the best ever Google Doodle?
b Cowen Maintains Pandora (P) at 'Outperform' into Q1 Results; Guidance Will Be  ...
e In superhero gender bend, Marvel unveils Thor as a woman
t Rowan Williams attacks Western lifestyle on eve of major report into climate  ...
b Here are the new names on the list of those being sanctioned over Russia's  ...
e GHOSTBUSTERS 3 Eyes an Early 2015 Production Start in New York; Ivan  ...
b Employers Posted More Job Openings In January
e 'Mad Men' season opener recap: Don Draper isn't in such a golden state
t Air bags recalled in hot, humid regions
m Mobiles and child health study FAQs
b Europe's transport workers protest
b Cable company commerce could cause customer change-up
b Stocks to watch
t New "ask" feature on Facebook
b Citigroup Inc (NYSE:C), might pay $7 billion to resolve U.S. mortgage probes
m Remote-Controlled Contraceptive Chip Can Last Up To 16 Years
m Tainted beef in several stores
t Tesla Motors says decision on battery factory months away
b Official: Drone, plane nearly collide
e Jodie Foster Marries Girlfriend Alexandra Hedison — Congrats
b Fame, Fortune And Fashion: Why Dov Charney Got Off The Hook
t 44% of Twitter users have never tweeted: Report
t Google in talks to buy streaming-video site Twitch for $1 billion: reports
t Intel buys fitness-tracking watchmaker Basis
e Kim Kardashian returns to blonde hair: 'It's baaaaack!!!!'
b Gas prices for Fourth of July expected to be at highest since 2008
e Orlando Bloom Spends Time With Erica Packer While Miranda Kerr Stealthily  ...
e George R.R. Martin's 'Winds of Winter': New chapter released
e Lindsay Lohan takes up pole dancing during sober reality show on Opray  ...
b Federal Reserve axes another $10bn from economic stimulus programme
e Interview with The Newton Brothers
e Human Barbie Valeria Lukyanova Slams 'Race-Mixing' And Feminism In New  ...
e Stacy Keibler Secretly Marries Boyfriend Jared Pobre in Mexico
e 'The Big Bang Theory' Season 8 Production Officially Delayed As Cast Still  ...
e Miley Cyrus Plus Justin Bieber Equals Disaster
e Nazi-Art Hoarder Gives Collection to Museum
b JetBlue Pilots Vote for ALPA by Overwhelming Margin
m Growing Stem Cells in Space: Medicine's Next Big Thing?
t Samsung sponsorship backfires with angry LeBron James tweet
b Updated: Twitter Soars On Surprise Q2 Profit, Upbeat Revenue
e 'Dancing With the Stars' recap: The Great Planet Mirrorballus Switch-Up
t Gas prices up again
m Increase in Women Getting Breast Lift Procedures
b Here's What Happened to McDonalds Employees Protesting for a Higher Wage
t NASA unveils incredible 'global selfie' of Earth
m We Just Got More Good News About The 'Biggest Fiscal Development' Of The  ...
e Swizz Beatz And Alicia Keys Are Having Another Baby
e Jennifer Lopez, Marc Anthony finalize divorce
b Japanese car makers weighing up how to pass on free-trade agreement benefits
e PALM SUNDAY: Jesus arrives in Jerusalem
e Brad Pitt Attacked At Movie Premiere
e 'Game Of Thrones' Season 4 Episode 5 Recap: 'First Of His Name'
e Hugh Jackman talks about next 'Wolverine' film and skin cancer
b BoE policymakers unanimous in staying rates at 0.5%
e Fifty Shades Of... Daddy daties! Jamie Dornan enjoys a family day out in London  ...
e Sunrise service
e Justin Bieber sucks on a cigarette to replicate iconic James Dean pose
e Kevin Smith's Visit To the 'Star Wars' Set Was A Religious Experience
t Wireless industry, carriers volunteer to offer anti-theft software on smartphones  ...
b GOOD NEWS: Gas prices in CT now 17 cents lower than last year
t Netflix Subscription Price for New Streaming Customers Goes Up by $1
t Harley-Davidson Reveals Project LiveWire™, The First Electric Harley-Davidson  ...
b Tokyo stocks end 0.37 pct lower on selling
t Apple's Arizona Sapphire Plant To Expand, Accommodate Work On New  ...
t FCC to Set Aside Spectrum for Smaller Wireless Firms
e Fantasy trumps reality as Julia Gillard reflects on Game of Thrones and her time  ...
b Time for Beijing to trust Hongkongers in their quest for democracy
e Kerry Washington Steps Out Looking Slim Two Months After Giving Birth at the  ...
e Teaser Of Trailer For David Fincher's Gone Girl
t Competition Commission of India imposes Rs 1 crore fine on Google
e Read Darren Aronofsky's Teenage Poem About Noah
b Crude falls as Libyan exports appear set to resume
b Dow tops 17000 for 1st time; closes at 17068
t Nokia Lumia 930 to launch in Thailand on July 9 for 19890 baht
b Shire plc: Statement regarding a revised possible offer
e Movie review: Neighbors needs to borrow a few laughs
t Moto X+1 has been leaked once again on Motorola's website
m Three Newborn Babies 'Cured' Of HIV After Being Treated With Revolutionary  ...
e Previously undiscovered Andy Warhol art recovered from floppy disks
e David Letterman Welcomes 'Boob' Stephen Colbert With Selfie
t Can Samsung's New Premium Tablet Unseat Apple's iPad?
t Google updates Glass to Android KitKat, kills video calls before one-day sale
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Google Play Edition shows up again
b Southwest ending Charlotte-Orlando flight
b GameStop's Gambit: Innovate Faster Than the Market
b Tango announces $280 million funding led by Alibaba
b Oil pipe leak blamed for tainted water
b Oil holds above $106 on demand prospects
e Dina Lohan gets 100 hours of community service but avoids jail in DUI sentence
e MAD MEN Mid-Season Finale Recap: “Waterloo”
e Solange attacks Jay Z in an elevator!
b WWE Summerslam poster leaks online, teases Brock Lesnar vs. John Cena  ...
t Twitter loss grows, but so does revenue
t Hackers disrupt travel plans of top Sony executive by posting bomb-threat tweet
e GOD'S WORK Zac Efron Open To Doing Full-Frontal Nudity
b Sales continue to show growth
t Pump For Joy! Gasoline Prices Drop Over 3 Cents Per Gallon
m What flipping planet are they on? House Republicans propose letting schools  ...
e Maya Angelou, Poet, Activist And Singular Storyteller, Dies At 86
t This is why there were no Windows PC games at E3 2014
t Change text size for the story
e 'Transcendence' like a clunky TED talk
m Consumer Reports Finds 7 Out Of 13 Tested Sunscreens Don't Hold Up To  ...
e Jackson has cancer growth removed
b CFPB Highlights New Potential Credit Blemish
e Ranking the Movie Villains of Spider-Man
t There Could Be Hundreds of Undiscovered Planets in Our Own Solar System
t US Conference of Mayors urges federal courts to allow same-sex marriage  ...
t Business briefs
m Inhaled Insulin Afrezza: FAQ
e Danny Boyle In Talks, Leonardo DiCaprio Eyed For Aaron Sorkin's Steve Jobs  ...
e Ohio man raises thousands of dollars in crowdfunding for potato salad
e 'Game of Thrones' review: Two swords, and even more dangerous stories
t Montana loses data on MORE PEOPLE THAN LIVE IN MONTANA
t Earth's most abundant, yet elusive, mineral finally observed
t Total Lunar Eclipse: When To Look Up
t Samsung cancel Galaxy S3 Android 4.4.2 update
t Scenes from nature
t The silliest patent ever awarded may already be infringed by millions of people
e Full House to Return to Television!
b The Boeing 777 has excellent track record, experts say
e Fonda, Tomlin to star in Netflix comedy
t Scientists create first living organism containing artificial DNA
m Study Finds Genetic Similarities Between Friends
t Apple vs Samsung iPad Lawsuit: Apple Faces Another Defeat
m Live Healthy: Colorectal Cancer Awareness
t Fact Sheet: The Economic Challenge Posed by Declining Pollinator Populations
m Surgeon general warns of increased skin cancer threat
e MOVIE REVIEW: 'Muppets Most Wanted' a worthy sequel
b Fed Officials: Rate-Hike Tack Will Be Flexible
e Gwyneth Paltrow Breaks Silence About Divorce But Talks Chicken First
t Slideshow: Verdict Form in Apple v. Samsung
t Russia abruptly aborts launch of new-generation rocket
e Miley Cyrus and Her Friends Get New, Crazy Tattoos Honoring Her Late Dog  ...
b Emirates airline says will not fly over Iraq after MH17
b CPI Growth Still Showing a Weakness
b S&P Closes Q1 Higher By 1.3%
b Florida gains jobs in February; unemployment rate remains at 6.2 percent
b WRAPUP 1-US economy contracts sharply, consumer spending revised down
e Tracy Morgan's condition upgraded to fair after pileup left actor critically injured  ...
e 25 citations issued at crowded 4/20 convention
t Apple's 4.7-inch And 5.5-inch LCD Panels To Hit Production Soon; New iPhones  ...
t Facebook Inc (FB) Continues Fight Against Government on Privacy of Its Users
e 'Divergent' Sequel Officially Happening! Get Ready For 'Insurgent'
b IMF Agrees on $27 Billion Lifeline for Ukraine
t Google begins deleting requested search results
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 to get a retina scanner?
e Billy Bob Thornton On 'Fargo,' Bringing The Story To TV, and That Horrible  ...
e Lindsay Lohan's Celebrity Sex List Got Some Big New Names
e 'The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1' Teaser Released; Watch President  ...
e In Honor of Oderus Urungus, the 5 Most Entertaining Gwar Videos
t Elon Musk Thinks Man Could Touch Down on Mars in a Decade's Time
b Dollar brushes off Yellen comments, gains on sliding yen
t FCC extends net neutrality public comment period
t Billion-Dollar Bonus: Alibaba Allows Yahoo to Sell 68 Million Fewer Shares in IPO
e FREE things to do Memorial Day Weekend
b Katz's Deli Is Flooded
e Dolly Parton at Glastonbury 2014 review
t Flappy Bird Creator Says Flappy Bird Will Return
t Microsoft officially unveils the Nokia X2 Android smartphone – All you need to  ...
t Foreign Ministry Spokesperson Qin Gang's Remarks on the Statement Released  ...
m Studies: Lab-grown nostrils, vaginas working well
t Hundreds of New Emoji Coming to Replace More Words
t Mobile app firm Snapchat settles FTC charges
t Ex-Microsoft Employee Arrested, Charged With Stealing Windows 8
t Beats's Jimmy Iovine: "Apple got everything right—except that earbud"
e Anna Kendrick's Cut SNL Sketch Parodied '90s Nickelodeon Shows, Says  ...
m Ebola Outbreak Continues To Spread
m Pioneering 3D printing reshapes UK patient's face
e Celebs being dumb at Coachella #1: Lindsay Lohan got drunk?
e 'Mad Men' recap: 'Rich in goods but ragged in spirit'
e Band Claims Led Zeppelin's 'Stairway to Heaven' is Plagiarized
b Why are CEOs getting such big raises (and you're not)?
t Here's Why Microsoft Can Search Your Email Without A Court Order
m Stem cell breakthrough: patient-specific therapies for type 1 diabetes
e WATCH: Will Ferrell and Chad Smith "Drum Off" On Tonight Show (VIDEO)
e Zach Braff mixes silly and sad in Wish I Was Here (with video)
e The 5 Best Quotes From Justin Bieber's Hilarious Deposition
t Apple has subtle dig at Samsung in environmental advert
e Comic-Con: 5 Things That Happened, 5 Things That Didn't
t Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA): Gov. Rick Perry Makes Pitch for Texas
t Driverless Cars To Be Allowed On UK Roads Next Year
b Nigerian GDP Jumps 89% As Economists Add In Telecoms, Nollywood
m Jim Kelly readies for round of chemo in cancer fight
e Miley Cyrus Addresses Drug Rumors: I'm the Poster Child for Good Health
t Speeding drivers targeted in week-long police campaign
e 'True Detective's' Cohle and Hart Hopefully Will Reunite Down the Road, Some  ...
t Titan: Clue to 'Magic Island' mystery on Saturn moon
t 1000% Markup On $1500 Google Glasses?
t AOL confirms security breach from spam attack
e Jennifer Lawrence Talks Difficulties Of Fame
t Twitter rolls out new design...
b 3000 Chinese evacuated from Vietnam amid clashes over oil rig
b Families Hunt for Cheaper Private Colleges
e Kim Kardashian Loves Dressing Up Baby North West
e Keith Richards to publish book for kids
t NSA denies to exploit HeartBleed for Backdoor Hacking
e Bynes shares healthy, happy bikini snaps
m Drug-resistant malaria in SE Asia could spread to Africa
t Top 5 favorite things about the HTC One (M8)
m Do We Choose Friends With Similar DNA?
e Michelle Obama - Michelle Obama to guest star on Nashville
e George Clooney Angrily Denies That He Must Become A Muslim To Marry Amal  ...
e Speed Alone Killed Paul Walker: Authorities
t Microsoft starts Xbox One pre-order in UAE
t Mars 'flying saucer' splashes down in Pacific Ocean
e 'Game Of Thrones' Final Trailer: Beware The 'Devil Inside'
t Windows XP support ends Tuesday, some say it's an open invitation to hackers
e Stephen Colbert denies racist tweet
t World's deepest cave host new Beetle species
b UPDATE 2-Burberry revenue jumps, sees profits hit by strong pound
t Nintendo to introduce cheaper console for less experienced gamers in emerging  ...
m Should I Wash Raw Chicken? No, Say Health Experts, It Could Cause Food  ...
m How cancer drugs doubled to $10000 per month
m Ebola in Guinea an Outbreak, Not an Epidemic -WHO
e First look at Dwayne Johnson in Brett Ratner's 'Hercules'
e New 'Illmatic' Doc Details Hip-Hop Classic's Humble Beginnings
b US revenue says bitcoin should be considered property, not currency
e Kim, Kanye get married; Hermione gets a degree
b Eurozone loans to private sector shrinking
t US Requires New Cars Have Backup Cameras
e Groups want to nix the word 'bossy'
m MERS Remains Concern Before Haj, But Surge In Saudi Cases Is Abating
e Lana Del Rey's Longtime Boyfriend, Barrie James O'Neill, Denies Split
b NATION: Air travel in 2013: More late flights, fewer customer complaints
m Bionic eye restores sight to blind man
b Qatar Air Relegates First-Class to Niche Market in Business Push
m New hope for Duchenne muscular dystrophy drug
e Selena Gomez Goes on Introspective Instagram Posting Spree
b Mini stimulus working its magic, China data shows
b IMF raises Philippine economic growth forecast for 2014
e Kourtney And Khloe Kardashian: Southhamptons Day Out!
e Let Weird Al Teach You About Grammar in "Blurred Lines" Parody "Word Crimes"
e Cannes 2014: First Look At Ryan Gosling's Lost River
b Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. Posts Strong Earnings, But Stock Falls
e Nick Lachey, Vanessa Minnillo expecting baby No. 2
e Moises Arias: Five Things You Need To Know About Willow Smith's Bed Photo BFF
e Mickey Rooney dead at 93: Hollywood pays tribute
b IMF lowers estimate of US growth in 2014
t Judge: State can use Priest Lake appraisals
b Only 4 Teslas have ever been stolen in U.S.
e Weekend Box Office: Transformers: Age of Extinction Lands Biggest Opening Of  ...
b PRESS DIGEST--Sunday British Business - May 11
b Amazon unveils first ever smartphone
t Samsung Galaxy S5 as cheap as Rs 43499
e Latest Video Address From President Snow Is Interrupted By District 13
e What Does The Rock Yell In The New 'Hercules' Trailer? Watch Now
m Mosquito-borne virus may soon hit GA, health dept. warns
e Nick Lachey & Vanessa Minnillo Expecting Baby No 2
t UPDATE 1-Twitter buys social data provider Gnip, stock soars
e Kim and Kanye have been biking around Ballyhoura. True story
e World's Fair 50th Anniversary Features Pavilion Tour, Warhol Exhibit
e 'Game of Thrones' brings giant ratings for HBO with Season 4 premiere
e Rolf Harris Sentenced To Jail Until His 90th Birthday
e Zac Efron, Michelle Rodriguez spark dating rumours
b Slow Start to Spring Hurts Home Depot's Quarterly Sales
e 3rd Installment Of DIVERGENT Trilogy, ALLEGIANT, To Be Released As Two  ...
t Report: ASUS' Android Wear Smartwatch to Be Priced from $99 to $149
e UPDATED: Trace Adkins and Wife Rhonda Divorcing
b New coin taking inspiration from past to make giant leap into future
b FOREX-Euro resilient near highs, to test ECB's threat on currency
b Malaysia Airlines Flight 370: Where the investigation stands now
e Johnny Depp, Amber Heard Wedding: Future Bride Dishes On Engagement, Her  ...
m Couples with high cholesterol may have difficulty getting pregnant: Study
e Who Went Home On The Voice 2014 Season 6 Tonight? 4/1/2014
t Business update: GM recalling Camaros for ignition switch problem
t Microsoft: we were right to bundle Xbox One and Kinect
m Panel finds Pistorius has no mental defects
e Peaches Geldof, 25, found dead at home
m Some Breast Cancers Require Longer Tx
b Bank of America Corp Posts Lower Q2 Results; Settles with AIG (BAC)
e Media Outlets Targeting Duck Dynasty's Phil Robertson Again for Easter Sermon
t Ebay tells customers to change passwords after major data breach
m 3D Mammograms can detect deadly cancer sooner
e Will The Wu-Tang Clan Make More Money Selling One Copy of its Upcoming  ...
e 'The Fault In Our Stars' Author John Green Goes Behind The Scenes With  ...
t How fruit flies avoid the swat: they act like fighter jets
b Monthly auto sales show 'consistent growth'
b Fitch Affirms La Hipotecaria's Panamanian Cross-Border Transactions
t Apple unveils new mobile software with health, home tools
b Bank of America, DoJ discuss mortgage settlement
e Apartment living: Synced to the cliff – Mario Rustan
e Mickey Rooney dies at age of 93
t Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg ordered to appear before Iranian court
e Turkey's harrowing 'Winter Sleep' takes top prize at Cannes
b Bank of Japan stands pat, keeps upbeat view despite Japan slowdown
e Idina Menzel Addresses John Travolta's Oscar Blunder, Says They Are 'Buddies'
m Electrical device helps paralysed, move
e Sideways actor talks about faith-based film
b Yahoo! Inc's Alibaba Connection
b Target Names New Technology Chief, Card Partner
b European stocks get second half off to steady start
e 2 circus performers upgraded from critical to serious condition
t What Facebook buying Oculus Rift means for gaming
b BAT Confronts Dying E-Cigarette Dilemma With Charge-on-the-Go
t Galaxy S5 Neo nears – yet another S5 variant
t Heartbleed scare hits Obamacare: Healthcare.gov users urged to change  ...
b A Taco Too Far: How Four Days of Taco Bell Made Me Feel
e Coldplay's New Album Enjoys Best Opening Week Sales At #1
b MtGox Discovers 200000 'Forgotten' Bitcoins in Old Wallet
b Australian Dollar to US Dollar (USD/AUD) Exchange Rate Pushes back above  ...
m Feds lower level of coal dust allowed in mines
t New Eruption at Alaska's Pavlof Intensifies
t This is Google Fit, Mountain View's entrant in the health and fitness tracking race
e BET Awards 2014 Highlights: Nicki Minaj, Pharrell Williams, Lionel Richie And  ...
t Toyota's $1.2bn Settlement Seen as Model for GM Probe
b Herbalife Gets Investigative Demand Letter From FTC
t Apple Inc. Beats Samsung In US Smartphone Market Last Quarter
b Twitter assuages growth concerns for now as shares soar 35%
m Got a rash? iPad, other devices might be the cause
e 'The Bachelorette' week four recap: Andi makes men mime, skips cocktail party
e Sam Roberts Band Pulls Us All In This Together At The MuchMusic Video Awards!
t Study: Fishing practices ravage sea life
t Facebook to be probed over mood experiment
t Apple makes the Macbook Air faster and cheaper
e Upstate college to offer course on Miley Cyrus
t Will Google's Ara Phone Project Change the Smartphone Industry?
t BlackBerry Loses $423m In Three Months
t NASA creates 'global selfie' of Earth
e 'Godzilla' Helmer Gareth Edwards Hired to Direct 'Star Wars' Spin-Off
e Hollywood icon Mickey Rooney dies at 93
t Civilization: Beyond Earth Announced, Will Take The Series To The Stars
e Game of Thrones star Rose Leslie says her sex scene needed to happen
m Even running for several minutes daily reduces risk of death: study
e 2014 Cannes Film Festival includes Twilight stars
b Tesla Is Plunging, But It's Not Why You Think
t Apple's home automation initiative in the works, to be unveiled at WWDC
b More time possible to enroll
t Google offers 'Back to the Future' views of streets and landmarks
e Kunis, Kutcher engaged?
e 'Grey's Anatomy' spoilers, season 11 news: Yang departs, hospital faces crisis
e Jessica Simpson ties the knot
b Flight MH370 black box 'found' live: Australian PM Tony Abbott 'very confident  ...
t Xbox One July update to add Snap Mode for Achievements, spoken language  ...
t Industry Slips Overall; But Ford and Hyundai Gain In New Car Quality Study
b Swiss bank UBS gets Q1 investment banking boost
t Sprint Corp. share price up, Chairman Son says he is willing to acquire T-Mobile  ...
e The Bachelorette Finale: Who Did Andi Choose?
b Forex - EUR/USD drops as dollar firms on US consumer confidence data
b GM recalls 3 million more cars over ignition switches issues
b US pilots previously told not to fly over Ukraine
e Arrow: The Man Under the Hood Clip: There's a Cure
t Google Glass white color option sells out on first day of open availability
t Hijackers of Apple devices demanding ransom in Australia
m Va. Boy Allowed to Join Experimental Drug Trial
t Android TV tipped to reboot Google TV's rough edges
t Microsoft Slims Down and Google Fights Diabetes
b Silicon Valley billionaire buys record-breaking life insurance policy
e Rolf Harris jailed for five years and nine months, but is reviewed for leniency
b PEOPLE AROUND WORLD MARCH AGAINST MONSANTO
b QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) Issues FY14 Earnings Guidance
b AAA: Drivers in RI paying highest holiday gas prices in 6 years
t LOS ANGELES (AP) — Microsoft is spreading its Cortana digital assistant  ...
e Michael Bay's 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' Unearths $100M at Box Office in  ...
t Report: Global warming human-caused, dangerous
m Democrats Promote “Women's Health” Bill for Abortion Without Limits Until Birth
b Forex - Dollar at 3-week lows vs. yen after dovish Fed minutes
t iPhone 6 Release Date Pushed Back Due to Issues With Battery
b Will inflation stay low or rise? A Fed study shows it could go either way
b Kashi Settles Class-Action Suit Over 'All Natural' Labels
e Nick Cannon's Apparently “Saved” From Mariah Carey — Plus 3 More Celebs  ...
t China bars Windows 8 for new government computers
t Ford recalls 435000 vehicles to fix rusting frames, faulty seats
t Fire TV sold out, with eight-day backlog
m Charity walk hoping to bring cancer researchers step closer to cure
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Release Date, Specs, Price and New Features
t When two elephants meet
e Miley Cyrus opens up about her 'scary' hospitalisation... but insists she is doing  ...
e Latest Game of Thrones rape scene causes controversy
m FDA seeks to regulate e-cigarettes
t Internet Explorer users beware! Hackers could take complete control of your PC
e Scotty McCreery Robbed At Gunpoint! Scary North Carolina Robbery Similar To  ...
t Tim Cook reiterates Apple TV is 'no more a hobby'
b Mayor Of Affluent Southern California Town Resigns After Dog Poop Scandal
t Watch the Earth Rise … From the Moon!
e 'Guardians of the Galaxy' review: Space jaunt no marvel
e Lorde's 'Royals' spoofed in Weird Al Yankovic's 'Foil'
e 'Game of Thrones' season 4, episode 3 preview: See Emilia Clarke in 'Breaker of  ...
b VIDEO: Teenager is caught peeing in reservoir - and 38MILLION gallons of  ...
t Alibaba files for US public share offering
e 'Once Upon a Time' Casts 'Frozen' Character Elsa
e Sentinels attack in X-Men: Days Of Future Past clip
m 78 Dead After "Unprecedented Epidemic” of Ebola Hits West Africa
m Alc-ulator site distills punch in a mixed drink
m Saudi Arabia reports 17 new cases of Mers, death toll at 81
b Teva Offers To Post $500M Bond For Stay On Copaxone Order
e Toby Kebbell set to play Doctor Doom in 'Fantastic Four'
t 7 Concerns About the Apple-Beats Deal
m US Sen. Dick Durbin to discuss e-cigarette inquiry
b Chicago among many Ill. cities in pension straits
e New 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2′ Promo Image Featuring Spidey & Rhino
e Woman films her own abortion to help 'educate' others
t Google introduces 'time machine' feature in Street View
e 'Transformers 4' takes Fourth of July weekend box office
t Kepler telescope to continue planet hunting mission after getting new lease of life
t Samsung Q1 profit dips as smartphone sales slow down
e Mick Jagger Releases Statement About Girlfriend L'Wren Scott's Death: 'I Will  ...
e Metallica Totally Just Had The Last Laugh At Glastonbury 2014
e 'Catching Fire' Gets Best Film Honors at MTV Movie Awards
e Hello Kitty Isn't a Cat, Apparently
b In odd twist, industry agrees to ban
b Manufacturing ISM beat forecasts in July
b Target Hates Freedom, Bans Gun Fondling In Stores
m The World Cup Will Open With a Kick From a Brain-Controlled Exoskeleton
b Herbalife Ltd. (HLF): Herr Files Ethics Complaint Against Markey
e Tupac's 'Final Words Revealed By Ex-Cop'
e Actors Turn Directors for Cannes 2014
t Daimler and Nissan to invest $1.36 bln to build premium small cars
e Gwen Stefani Confirms She's Joining “The Voice”
b BB&T, BoA: Sunday's Rates for Home Mortgages Jul 6, 2014
b Billionaire buys the biggest life policy ever
e L'Wren Scott leaves entire $9-million estate to long-time boyfriend Mick Jagger
b Is The Stock Market Really Rigged?
e 'Guardians of the Galaxy 2' Announced Before First's Release
e Enforcement teams shut down several events during SXSW
e Everything You Need To Know Before Watching The Final Season Of 'Mad Men'
b Vitacost.com Inc. (VITC) Jumped To A 4-Month High On Merger News
e 'Love & Hip Hop' star Benzino shot by nephew at mother's funeral
b NTSB: Asiana crash was caused by pilot error amid over-reliance on automation
e 'Transformers' unearths $100M debut
e Jamie Lynn Spears Is Officially Married To James Watson! Get The Deets HERE!
t Heartbleed bug could affect any device connected to the Internet. Here's how to  ...
t iPhone 6 sapphire display caught on camera, shows off high durability and  ...
m Ebola outbreak spreads to Sierra Leone which just has to suck / Scrape TV - The  ...
t Google-owned Nest positions itself as IoT hub
m Consumer Reports advises against spray-on sunscreen for children until FDA  ...
m WHO certifies India polio-free, as Pakistan struggles on
e AC/DC guitarist 'too ill to play'
t Intel building 3D-printed robots, to hit market later this year
b This is why Alibaba is not interested in expanding its business to the US right now
e Brian Williams Sharpens Rap Skills With Snoop Dogg's 'Gin and Juice' on 'The  ...
b Survey: Businesses ready to spend
b Argentina accuses US of judicial malpractice for triggering needless default
t UPDATE 3-Comcast adds video subscribers, beats Street
b Charney finds backer to increase stake in American Apparel
t Facebook expands users' ad targeting profiles with site data
b Gold Weakens Slightly After Upbeat U.S. ADP Jobs Number
b Amazon accused of bullying publisher over contract terms
e Appreciating The Majesty Of Ruby Dee (1924 - 2014)
m FDA Issues Guidelines on Safe Development of Nanotechnology Products
b Malaysia missing plane: Relative dragged from briefing
b US wants Credit Suisse to plead guilty in tax dispute: Report
b Postal workers rally against Staples program
t SpaceX Falcon Rocket Landed Intact
e Not One but Two Bowe Bergdahl Movies Are Already Being Planned
t Leaked: GALAXY S4 And S5 To Get Kitkat 4.4.3 Update By July
b Credit Suisse faces yet another probe in US
b Stocks flatten out after Fed delivers no surprises - FOX 32 News Chicago
b Panera Removes Artificial Ingredients
t Storms threaten rescheduled SpaceX rocket launch attempt
e The Voice Recap: Usher's Suspenseful Final Steal is Cierra Mickens (3/25/14)
t Sony virtual reality prototype Morfeo program
b Audi sets target of 500000 car sales in China
b Government Report: One Fifth of China's Soil Contaminated
e Justin Bieber Trades DUI Charges For Anger Management
e Andrey Zvyagintsev's Leviathan - a monster of a film on family, corruption  ...
b Experts predict rate cut from ECB
e Beyonce and Jay Z tour hits 16 cities this summer
e Jay Z presents the Michael Jackson Vanguard Award to Beyonce; Blue Ivy  ...
e Orlando Bloom and Miranda Kerr Split Reason: Actor Admits Feeling  ...
t Sony Morpheus takes on Facebook's Oculus in virtual reality
e Beyonce and Jay-Z kick off their On The Run tour in Miami
t Gas Prices See Another Rise in Big Country
e Maya Rudolph psyched to debut variety show (with video)
m NRHS offers free at-home colorectal cancer screening
e This Week's Cover: Get ready for 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2'
b Did Virginia beaches fail water quality tests?
b WV American Water: No trace of MCHM after replacement of carbon filters
m Illinois Medical Marijuana Rules Drop Gun Language
e Game of Thrones scorecard: Season 4 premiere, 'Two Swords'
m Ebola outbreak: fight against disease hampered by belief in witchcraft, warns  ...
t 'Mars One' candidates narrowed to 705
m Medical marijuana industry sees Congress victory
e James Franco: Lindsay Lohan "Told Lies" About Sleeping with Me
b Can CEO Marissa Mayer Ever Get Yahoo Really Growing Again?
e 'Sharknado' Sequel Has Bite And Lots Of Laughs
e Batman Vs Superman 3 New Vicious Villains Getting Added To The Mix,New  ...
t Apple and Samsung Raise the Stakes in Latest Patent Battle
m Affordable Care Act: No matter what age, everyone gets care
m West Nile vaccine in demand for horses
e Charlize Theron on falling for Sean Penn
e Transformers 4: Alternative Autobot and Dinobot Designs
e Review: 'Neighbors' a noisy, crude, gross, funny war
m Icelandic men, Japanese women top life expectancy list
e Fox Was Open To R-Rated Wolverine Movie, But Hugh Jackman Called It Off
t GM Recall Senate Hearings: Senators Propose Criminalizing What GM Has  ...
t Icy Chariklo asteroid has ring system
e 'The Bachelorette' couple Andi Dorfman and Josh Murray interview: Nick Viall's  ...
b ECB's Nowotny says expects decision on ECB policy move in June
t Americans Cared Twice as Much About Janet Jackson's Nipple as They Do  ...
t Facebook now stalks you across web, flogs ads
e 'Mad Men' 7.02 Episode Review and Recap: A Day's Work
e 'Bachelorette 2014' Nick Asks Andi Dorfman's Father For Her Hand in Marriage  ...
t Apple working on 12.9-inch iPad for 2015 launch, say insiders
t LG G3 to launch on May 27
b Facebook's revenue grows 72% in Q1
b New China, Vietnam maritime clash
b J&J first-quarter net up 8 percent on sales jump, lower costs
b IMF agrees $14-18 billion bailout for Ukraine
b NY AG says Marketwired to limit trader sales
t New Samsung ads poke fun at iPad display and lack of multiscreen support
t Heartbleed OpenSSL Bug Needs Serious Attention, Say Experts
e Lorde curating Mockingjay soundtrack
e Movie news: You can be in the new 'Star Wars' film, 'Man of Steel' sequel has an  ...
t 'Weev' Auernheimer's Hacking Conviction Overturned
e Lily Allen's taking aim at bedroom bloggers in her URL Badman video
e Miley Cyrus Gets 'A Little Help From Her Fwends' With Group Floyd Tattoo  ...
b How unemployment in Oregon compares to the rest of the nation: Oregon & the  ...
e Star Wars VII Has Already Begun Filming
t Google's Project Tango To Send Prototypes to Developers
e Bruce Jenner jets to Paris to walk Kim Kardashian down the aisle
e 'Kiefer Sutherland is the most unprofessional dude in the world', blasts former co  ...
b NY attorney general subpoenas high-speed firms
m Over two billion people are overweight, and the figure is soaring
m Pet Jerky FDA: 1000 Dogs Dead, Nearly 5000 Ill, Cause Unclear
t Nest's new API puts smart devices and developers under one roof
e Selena Gomez Working on New Music?
b BK says Tim Hortons' deal isn't a tax dodge
b Whiting to acquire Kodiak in an all-stock transaction of $6 billion
b Amazon hikes Prime membership to $99 per year
b Flight MH370: Families and experts express disappointment at satellite data  ...
b Alcoa Earnings To Fall With Closure Of Italian Smelting Plant
m California Wants to Raise Medical Malpractice Awards to $1.1 Million
t New MediaTek Chipset Goes Up Against Qualcomm's Best
b Census report: Genesee County 2013 population loss second-worst in Michigan
e Theater: "Heathers The Musical?" What's Their Damage?
b HK: Stocks close 1.79% lower
b Stocks lift a bit after GDP stunner
m Health policy ignoring problem of underweight people: Researcher
b Today's G3 Exchange Rates: Pound Sterling, Euro, US Dollar Outlook and  ...
t Tesla Just Gave All Its Patents Away to Competitors
b Wal-Mart to unveil new service with electronic payments provider
b Malaysians release plane data
m US, Florida health officials confirm second case of deadly MERS virus on US soil
b Business news and markets: as it happened - April 1, 2014
e Miley Cyrus Bangerz Tour Cancelled: Singer Postpones All Upcoming Shows
e Kate Upton Gets Upstaged By Big Bow On The Red Carpet
m Kevin Counihan, The New 'Obamacare CEO,' Faces Four Key Challenges
t Deal: Refurbished Nexus 7 (2013) 16GB for $129 From eBay, 32GB for $169
m Surgery Won't Eradicate Jim Kelly's Cancer
b UPDATE 2-Intel raises outlook on stronger PC demand, shares jump
m Interactive tool to help older women decide on mammograms
e Despite Ratings Slide, All 3 'American Idol' Judges Returning for 2015
b JPMorgan profit weaker than expected
e Ryan Gosling apparently didn't like Rachel McAdams, revealing The Notebook is  ...
e Emma Stone rocks Jimmy Fallon in lip sync battle
b Asian shares hit 6-1/2 year high, dollar steady before Fed meeting
t If Apple buys Beats Electronics, will Dr Dre become hip hop's first billionaire?
b European stocks drop at open
e Happy Shakespeare Day! Here's 11 Facts and Figures about the Bard William  ...
e Justin Bieber And Selena Gomez Heading For A Permanent Break-Up?
b Zions Fails to Clear Stress Test
t Google I/O: 5 major announcements likely by the search giant
t Asteroids as seen from Mars, a Curiosity rover first
b Second Twitter executive quits hours after Rowghani's resignation
t Microsoft's Surface Pro 3 and accessories coming to Canada on June 20
b US Inflation Muted Despite Food Price Increases; Housing Starts Slip
t Android Wear Wars: The Moto 360, LG G Watch And Samsung Gear Live  ...
t UN report on climate change says carbon emissions now 'highest in human history'
b Sally Beauty Releases Data Breach Details
b Unilever first quarter sales hit by strong euro
b Barclays to lose 14000 jobs this year
b Cloud strength helps Microsoft earnings top Street - WBOC-TV 16, Delmarvas  ...
t Google Glass gets fashion cred via Ray-Ban maker deal: Is it enough?
b Forget MSFT earnings, watch Nadella
m West Nile cases in Cache Creek to be further investigated by government agency
m 'Cruise Ship Virus' Sickens 20 Million Americans on Land Each Year
e Adele third album rumours start after tweet from star
e Kim And Kanye Refused Permission To Wed In Versailles
b Tesla loses $50 million in first quarter
m Gay conversion therapy ban advances in Illinois House
b German Market Declines, ZEW Data Disappoints
b Despite national job growth, consumers still wary
b Here's The Breakdown Of Where Barclays Will Cut 14000 Jobs This Year
t PS4 Sales Figures Are In: One Console Sold Every 1.75 Seconds
t Ohio gas prices up again after Easter holiday
b Stocks to Track – State Street Corporation (STT), Lululemon Athletica Inc. (LULU  ...
t iOS 8: Everything you need to know - Features, release date, compatibility
b LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) Q2 Earnings Preview: What To Expect?
b Bloomberg's Clive Crook: Liberals Fawn Over New Economics Book That Gets It  ...
e 'Game of Thrones' Author George RR Martin Speaks Out About Controversial  ...
e Kate Helps Prince George To Take First Steps
e Insane Clown Posse to fight dismissal of FBI gang-label lawsuit
e Jane Fonda, Lily Tomlin to star in Netflix sitcom 'Grace and Frankie'
e Ariel Castro Victims Demand Joan Rivers Apology
e More Top Stories
t Surface Pro 3: "Pixel-Free" 3:2 Screen
e 'Godzilla' Filmmaker Gareth Edwards To Direct 'Star Wars' Spinoff; Gary Whitta  ...
b Caterpillar Avoided $2.4 Billion Tax With Swiss Subsidiary, Senate Probe Finds  ...
m Dark Chocolate Boosts People's Walking Ability
e Game of Thrones- Mockingbird
e Justin Bieber Responds to Seth Rogen's Bashing
b BoA records $276m loss
m “Landmark” Study Boosts Organic Food Nutrition Claims
e China Film Bureau Boss Urges Local Industry to 'Prepare for War With Hollywood'
b Stock Alert: Tyco International (NYSE:TYC), Rentech (NASDAQ:RTK), SanDisk  ...
m The MTV star “Diem Brown” suffers with Colon Cancer
b US Dollar Slump Post FOMC To Push Gold and Silver Higher
t WATCH: Woman invents 3D printer for makeup!
e Tammy: Give Her 30 Minutes
b Euro falls in London
e Police: Teen girl raped during Keith Urban concert while crowd watched
t Familiar faces could soon replace passwords: Software asks you to identify  ...
e The Surprising Truth Behind What It Takes To Become A 'Jeopardy!' Contestant
e Coldplay's 'Ghost Stories' album tops Billboard's 200 list
b Week in FX Europe – US NFP Eases Pressure on ECB Weakens Euro
b Global banking sector on notice after BNP Paribas punishment
t AT&T, DirecTV Customer-Satisfaction Ratings Fall But Comcast and TW Cable  ...
m BI, InterMune tout lung drugs
m Ebola found in dead fever victims in Guinea
m Ebola: UK is ready to deal with outbreak, says Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond
b Can American Apparel CEO Dov Charney be 'cured?'
b Protest calls for GMO food labeling
b American Apparel said to get arbitration notice after ousting CEO
m More salmonella cases linked to Foster Farms, feds say
e Movie Review: “Moms' Night Out” (Rated PG)
t Giant Crater in Siberia Surprises Scientists, Spurs Conspiracy Theories
t Russian spaceship flies three astronauts to International Space Station (ISS)
e What Is Cinco de Mayo & Party Ideas: Oaxacan Taco Banquet, Mexican Music  ...
b The Controversy Surrounding Pfizer Inc (NYSE:PFE) And AstraZeneca plc (ADR  ...
m Seeking Roots of Consciousness, Scientists Make Dreamers Self-Aware
b Hong Kong Lawyers March Against China Judicial Policy
e First lady: Vets face 'unacceptable' job barriers (updated)
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4: Rumors That Make Sense
b Unemployment in Oregon: Jobless rate slides below 7 percent for first time in 5  ...
m First bird to test positive for West Nile virus in Wisconsin in 2014 found in Dodge  ...
e Kendall Jenner wears risqué dress with two splits up to her hip bones
t Vessyl smart cup knows what you pour into it, keeps track out your daily intake
b Alibaba's Rise: Success and Setbacks
e Apparently nobody watched the 'Mad Men' premiere
m West Nile Virus Reported Close To Area
e Lady Gaga Unveils Official 'G.U.Y' Cover
e Woman wakes to find Banksy graffiti on her home
t B612 Foundation Releases Video on Earth Day Showing Evidence of 26 Multi  ...
b Why traders are wrong about the Fed
t The EU isn't censoring searches on a former Merrill Lynch banker. Google is.
m Pfizer Announces Positive Top-Line Results From Phase 3 Study Of NONACOG  ...
t With Climate Change, Wildfires Getting Worse in the West
t Iceland issues red alert for Bardarbunga volcano, quakes strike after eruption
t Facebook's Oculus vision: Fact or fiction?
e HGTV Pulls New Home-Flipping Series After Report Emerges Identifying Its  ...
e “I Couldn't Move, I Was Sick:” Lindsay Lohan Reveals Miscarriage On Season  ...
b 30-Year Fixed-Rate Mortgage Hits Low for the Year
e Pharrell Williams swaps signature hat for loads of feathers and says wife Helen  ...
e Gay pride parades celebrate history and marriage
e Sony in Talks with 'The Cabin in the Woods' Director Drew Goddard to Direct  ...
b I did not front-run Allergan stock, Ackman says
e Beloved Actress And Civil Rights Activist Ruby Dee Dies At 92
t Apple Introduces BuyBack Policy - New Revelation?
e Michelle Obama to appear on May 7 episode of ABC country music drama  ...
t Tesla posts 2Q loss, prepares Nevada factory site
b BAG DRAG: NYC plastic and paper bags may face 10 cent fee
b Will IBM's low-end server sale make a difference to the bottom line?
m Health officials see possible 3rd MERS infection in U.S.
t New HTC One (2014): What to Look Forward to
e The New "Twin Peaks" Blu-ray Set Will Include 90 Minutes of Never-Before-Seen  ...
b Microsoft brings Office tools Word, Excel and PowerPoint to iPad
m Five in Hungary examined for suspected anthrax
e Rosie O'Donnell Is Returning To Co-Host 'The View': TMZ
m Morristown Medical Center Ranked Among Best in Nation
b LinkedIn Hits 300 Million Users Amid Mobile Push
t Sony forays into virtual reality space with Project Morpheus for PS4
e Sobering look at America's obesity crisis
e 'The Voice' Battles Conclude: Usher Steals — Is Christina Grimmie Safe?
t Mt. Gox Files Bankruptcy within US
m Health officials say 2 confirmed cases of new mosquito-borne chikungunya virus  ...
b Mark Carney: Independent Scotland must sign up for the euro to join the EU
t Verizon cuts pricing for 'More Everything' subs who bring their own phone
e Lea Michele shows her sexy side as she frolics with a blond hunk in new On My  ...
b China-Vietnam face-off in South China Sea leaves India worried
b Ronald McDonald Goes Rogue For Taco Bell
e Scene and Heard: The Amazing Spider-Man 2's Jamie Foxx said discipline  ...
e Channing Tatum Confesses to Alcoholism -- Sort Of
b Air Products Hires Ghasemi As CEO
b Democrats should ride wave of discontent to force out Leung Chun-ying
e '22 Jump Street' Directors Phil Lord and Chris Miller Discuss How Friendship  ...
b Journey of India's iconic Ambassador car comes to an end
m Tainted air kills more than AIDS, diabetes, WHO report shows
e Ann B. Davis - “Alice”
m Scientists withdraw report on simpler stem cells - NBC29 WVIR Charlottesville  ...
t Instagram, Pinterest Online War, Who's Winning?
m Cancer tests 'give false hopes' study by Cancer Research UK Cambridge  ...
m Do I need a 3-D mammogram?
e L'Wren Scott's death confirmed a suicide
b Korea Manufacturing Sector Remains Soft
t RECALL: Graco Children's Products (Graco) Rear-facing Child Restraints
m Lab-grown vaginas provide hope to women with rare MRKH syndrome
b UK Interest Rate Hike Could Be Sooner Than Expected Says BoE's Weale
b Stocks Give Back Ground Following Last Week's Rally - US Commentary
m Arizona Curb on Medicinal Abortion Takes Effect After Ruling (1)
b Amazon: If you're not happy - we will give you $5000 to quit
b High-Level Malaysian Delegation to Meet Chinese Families
t LA, Central Valley rank lowest in US air quality report
b Tesla Motors Looks Like a Winner, So Why is TSLA Stock a Sell?
b Wal-Mart teams up with Ria for a low-cost money transfer service | The Republic
e International Day of Happiness Special: Your Laughter Can Reveal Whether  ...
m 3 counties ranked as state's healthiest; Porter leads NWI
m Sober smartphone app aids alcoholics' recovery, study says
e Scott Derrickson Directing Marvel's 'Dr. Strange'
b US new home sales fall services sector activity
b Adidas Profit Misses Estimates Amid Currency Swings, Golf Drop
t Tech Industry Nervous Others Will Suffer Aereo's Fate
e Colbert Tries to Distance Himself From Tweet That Was Based on His Own Words
m Governments urged to rethink stockpiling after Tamiflu and Relenza reviewed
t Google to Follow Apple into Health Tracking: Report
t Apple to replace iPad 2 with upgraded iPad 4
e Beyonce & Jay Z Share Home Videos, Honor Michael Jackson During Tour Kick  ...
t May auto sales expected to hit highest monthly total in 7 years; GM sales up 13%
b Alibaba Strengthens Australian Ties with NORA Friendship
e 'The Shield' actor pleads not guilty to wife's murder
e Miranda Kerr, Orlando Bloom Divorce Update: Model's Body Changed Due to  ...
e 6 Other Things Garth Brooks Could Be Announcing
e Beyonce rules at the MTV music awards
e Remembering the fallen: Imperial War Museum re-opens after £40million  ...
t Sprint CEO weighs price cuts
b IRS watchdog: Phone scam is largest ever
b Apple Grants New Retail Chief Stock Worth $68.1 Million
t Flappy Bird creator confirms app's return to Apple
e Skidmore College Offers a Sociology Course on Miley Cyrus
e VIEWING THE VIDEOS: Heaven Is Real (Good); Transcendence Not So Much
t PlayStation network back online after apparent cyber attack
e Emma Watson Follows In Angelina Jolie's Footsteps By Securing UN Role
e Bill Murray Goes Full-Bukowski in St. Vincent Trailer
b Goldman Sachs' net earnings falls to $2.03bn
t Google Reveals Android Wear, An Exclusive OS For Wearable Gadgets
b China 'sinks Vietnam fishing boat'
e Inside Peaches Geldof's 'Unexplained & Sudden' Death
t Facebook changes privacy setup
e Wednesday Entertainment Buzz: Emma Stone and Joaquin Phoenix to star in  ...
b Reforming The Government's Housing Finance System Without Fixing It
t BMW M235i Scores 98 out of 100 in Consumer Reports Review [Video]
b Property exec working on Toyota relocation to Plano also helped bring Exxon to  ...
e Rob Kardashian spotted at LAX on his way to Kim's wedding
b US safety board to rule on Asiana crash
m Study: Zapping Sleeping Brains Allows Dreamers To Control Their Dreams
e In Iran, no room for 'Happy'
m Man in Saskatoon hospital tests negative for Ebola
t Easter Jeep Safari Vehicles Set to Conquer Moab Trails
t How Amazon App Store Stacks Up Against the Competition
e Sarah Michelle Gellar threatens to cancel Vogue subscription post Kimye's cover
e Will and Jada Smith Investigated by LA Children and Family Services Because  ...
t Dominicans watch lunar eclipse
e Khloé Kardashian forced to cancel birthday bash?
b AstraZeneca launches defence against £63 billion Pfizer takeover
e Tori Spelling in deep despair: Mourns failing marriage in 'True Tori' (Video)
b Did Cuts to Food Stamps Undo Family Dollar?
t Facebook Paper for iOS Gets New Update to Make App More Social
m How aggressively should doctors treat type 2 diabetes?
e Katt Williams pulls gun on heckler at comedy club
m Lawmakers support Josh Hardy
m Research shows buzzwords on food packaging implies false sense of health
b Weibo, Leju make trading debut on US market
t Healthcare pros are feeling lukewarm on Google Fit debut
t Will This Huge Recall Sink General Motors' Stock?
b Metro Detroit homes prices were 15% higher this January than the previous
b Wal-Mart's Organic Push With Wild Oats Foods Inspires Praise, But Raises  ...
e 'The Originals' Recap: A Beloved Character Leaves The Show For Good
t Microsoft tweaks OneDrive
e Connelly finds 'Noah' close to the tale
b Stocks gain as Americans open their wallets; Dow up 100+ at midday
e Shailene Woodley & Ansel Eigort Show You Their Epic First Meeting In The Fault  ...
m Mom jailed for breastfeeding while drinking: Beer boozing breastfeeder and baby?
b Capsules: Half Of Uninsured Not Planning On Getting Coverage, Poll Finds
e Miley Cyrus Serenades Statue of Dead Dog in Concert
t Insider Selling: Amazon.com SVP Sells 1876 Shares of Stock (AMZN)
t The real reason Google is building driverless cars
e New Cast Member for Criminal Minds
b 1Q economy was worse than thought
m CDC report finds child autism increasing
m WHO report confirms air pollution as world's largest single environmental health  ...
b HP settles investors' lawsuit over Autonomy deal, say reports
b Coke to drop Powerade ingredient from other drinks
m CDC: US cancer rates down slightly from 2009 to 2010
m Measles at highest level since 1996
t Samsung Wants to Ditch Android According to Court Documents
t Google Glass Debut ; A Sale Fail May Be The Best Thing To Happen
e Jay-Z Turns Down Kanye West's Best Man Offer For Kim Kardashian Wedding?
t An elephant never forgets (a voice)
e Lindsay Lohan Drinks Vodka During Interview, Dates Married Man, Surprises No  ...
b Global stocks, bonds edge up after Draghi, data eyed
e Ellen DeGeneres Launching Lifestyle Brand
e Justin Bieber reportedly jokes about joining Ku Klux Klan, uses n-word (again) in  ...
m SWEET UNION | Low blood sugar bad for marital bliss - study
e NFL Demands $16.6 Million from MIA for Giving Middle Finger During The Super  ...
t Facebook not apologizing for mind games experiment
e All Five of Garth Brooks' Ireland Shows Have Been Canceled
t Microsoft Releases Update for Nokia Camera App, SDKs for Lumia Phones
e Tina Fey shoots down 'Mean Girls' sequel rumours
e Famous because of Mick Jagger?
t Death Is the Ground of the Universe
t Google Fit Is The Newest Google Health Service
m Mathematical Model to Overcome Jetlag Developed
b Jet Magazine Ends Print Publication, Goes Digital
e Edgar Wright Walks Away from Ant-Man; New Director to be Announced
t Heartbleed highlights a contradiction in the Web
t Netflix unveils movie guide for gay pride month
b Japan's Dai-ichi Life to buy US firm for US$5.7b
e 'Weird Al' Yankovic tackles conspiracy theories in 'Royals' parody 'Foil'
e You need to see this video of Morgan Freeman on helium
b Ukraine Misses Payment to Gazprom, Risks Cut Off
e Kimye plan a visit to Dublin after tales from mom Kris
b Draghi, IFO the most relevant in Euroland today – Danske Bank
b Confidence-raising a tricky business
e Trailer released for new Fox reality series 'I Wanna Marry Harry'
e The BET Awards 2014 and Chris Rock – A Night to Remember
b GE Said to Covet Alstom Business Servicing Electric-Power Plants
m Know signs of autism in order to provide early intervention
t Ignition switch problem forces GM recall
t Google Now Comes To Chrome: How To Activate The Popular Personal  ...
b Billionaire Timchenko Says China Has $20 Billion for Yamal LNG
e Judge Denies Chris Brown's Request for Release
e Sherri Shepherd and Jenny McCarthy to leave 'The View'
t Report: Nuance may be in sales talks with Samsung and others
e 'Orange Is The New Black' Trailer Hits The Web [Video]
e Brad Paisley Posts Selfie With Westboro Baptist Church Members
b 12 craft from the United States, China, Japan, South Korea, Australia and New  ...
t Ford Mustang celebrates 50 years atop the Empire State Building
t NASA OK's space station's resupply
m MERS Virus in Saudi Arabia Continues To Take More Lives
e Shia LaBeouf arrested for criminal, disorderly conduct
m High Cholesterol Contributes to Infertility, Study Finds
e Game of Thrones Season 4 Episode 5 Recap: "Last of His Name"
m Doctors to reconstruct face of woman after cancer misdiagnosis
b Yen Climbs to 4-Month High Versus Euro on Iraq; Pound Advances
m Wireless-controlled contraception implant is coming, says MIT
e Gay Pride parades set to step off
m Saudi Arabia Reports 18 New Cases of MERS Virus: 449 Infected Since 2012
b Coca-Cola to remove controversial ingredient after viral petition
t NASA's Mars 2020 rover will explore red planet as never before
e JK Rowling publishes a story about a 34-year-old Harry Potter 7 years after the  ...
e Elisabeth Hasselbeck BLASTS Rosie O'Donnell Return To The View: She Spit In  ...
b Ebay To Bring $9 Billion Back Into US And Pay $3 Billion In Taxes
t NJ Night Sky: Saturn comes into full view, plus viral video on the universe
b MARKET COMMENT: Stocks Turn Red, UK Inflation Slips To 4.5-Year Low
b Stocks mixed in morning trade
b European stocks rise on ECB stimulus talk; Dax up 0.61%
b US stocks move higher; Time Warner soars
e Meshach Taylor Dead At 67, 'Designing Women' Star Dies After Battle With Cancer
e VIDEO – Dean McDermott admits on camera to cheating on wife Tori: “Sex was  ...
b Hillshire Brands buying Pinnacle Foods for $4.2B
t Gas prices relatively steady
b Carney suggests interest rate hike could come sooner rather than later
m News of Guinea Outbreak Should've Gone Viral
b Treasurys fall for fourth straight day
t Facebook Acquires Oculus Rift VR—Now What?
e Hillary Clinton Presents Ralph Lauren With Award at American History Museum
e Mad Men's Craziest Episode Yet
b MTA and Transport Workers Union reach contract deal
e The 'Game of Thrones' Finale and Lady Stoneheart: Why It's Okay HBO Omitted  ...
t Microsoft OneDrive jumps to 15GB free, and 1TB for Office 365
e Internet streaming already has changed TV viewing
t Enter the outsider
b China's steel sector PMI down to 46.4% in May
e Rubble Bucket Challenge: Gaza Supporters Draw Attention with Palestinian  ...
t Oculus acquires RakNet, unveils Oculus Connect 2014
e President Barack Obama honors the late Frankie Knuckles in a letter to the  ...
e Michael Bay Responds to Critics of His Transformers Movies
e How I Met Your Mother creator defends finale as fan backlash continues
m Emotional Match: Tulane Medical Students Learn Where They'll Go Next
t Consumer Comparison: Dragon V2 Spaceship vs Tesla Model S
t Samsung Galaxy S5 mini to reportedly boast a 4.47-inch display
e Anna Wintour: 'Kanye didn't beg me to put Kim on cover of Vogue'
e 'Batman vs Superman: Dawn Of Justice' Release Date: First Look At Henry  ...
t Blast from the past: Google lets you go back in time with new Street View feature
e Army: Bergdahl in stable condition
b Rajan says rupee gains to 45-50/dlr would hit exports
e Bryan Singer Named in Sex Abuse Documentary
e Oprah Teams Up with Starbucks and Creates Teavana Oprah Chai Tea
t HP Selling a 7-inch Android Tablet for a Mere $100
e Chris Brown ordered back to jail after getting kicked out from rehab
e Man travels to 26 countries in worldwide proposal video - FOX Carolina 21
b Pound Dollar Rate Forecast - Is GBP/USD Exchange Rate to Soften Further This  ...
b Signs of Hope in Detroit's Historic Bankruptcy Case
m Worried about MERS? Worry about polio instead
e 'Clueless' darling Stacey Dash to join Fox News
b HP revenue short of Wall Street's estimates, plans more job cuts
t LG's latest teaser videos offer a sneaky peek at its upcoming G3 Android  ...
b Stocks move mostly higher on Wall Street
e WATCH: Disney Releases First Girl Meets World Trailer
e Anne Sweeney Walks Away From Disney/ABC To Become Film Director
e Miranda Lambert faces 30s with wisdom, insecurity
m Uganda Community 'Upset' Over Fallen Doctor Who Died in Liberia
t About 800000 infant monitors being recalled
b Planes spot objects after search for lost Malaysian jet shifts north
t NASA says `Hello World` from space via laser
b US retail sales higher in May
e Look For Le$$! Recreate Kate Middleton's Sweet Summer Style With These  ...
e TV Ratings: 'America's Got Talent,' 'Night Shift' premieres help NBC rule Tuesday
e Chris Martin Joins 'The Voice' as New Coach, Revealed Via Snapchat
t Want a Google Glass? April 15th is your chance.
e Fox Says Glee Star Chris Colfer Wasn't Fired
b Tax day freebies and discounts!
m Tobacco Bonds Present High Default Risk As Americans Turn To E-Cigs
b FTSE clings to positive end to Q1
t Telstra brings Nokia Lumia 930, Lumia 635 to Australia
t Cosmos Student of the Week: Kyle Starman
t 'Cosmos' is back with new host for new generation
e Christians mark Holy Fire rite on eve of Easter
t Why Elon Musk is throwing his biggest potential customer under the bus
m MERS Virus Outbreak Continues: 26 New Cases and 10 Deaths Over the  ...
e Thor undergoes sex change in new comics
e The Bossy Chronicles
b Burger King eyes Tim Hortons for tax inversion deal
e Letterman gets visit from his successor, Colbert
b Stephen Baldwin pays off his New York back taxes
t Japan's whaling not for sceintific research, rules ICJ
b The price of justice
e 5 years ago today, 'The King of Pop' passed away
t On-demand Webcast now available for the Microsoft Surface Pro 3 Event
b New details of how Yellen plans to run the Fed emerge in profile
e 'Big Bang Theory' contract talks stall, delay production
e Vatican issues statement on Pope's telephone calls
m Crisis Talks as Ebola Spreads
t Is Samsung's Exceptionalism Coming to an End?
b King Digital Drops 13% as Revenue From Candy Crush Shrinks (1)
e Michael Jackson Hologram Stunt Allowed To Go Ahead At Billboard Music Awards
e First Pink Floyd album in 20 years
e Malaysian Airlines Flight MH370: Courtney Love admits she's 'no expert', but  ...
b Barclays Fined £26m Over Gold Fixing Attempts
b Deutsche Bank to hire 500 compliance people, hike salaries for top staff by  ...
b US new-home sales rise 6.4 percent in April
t Halo 5: Guardians is coming to Xbox One in Autumn 2015
t Some Firms Leave Online Gambling To Others
t Dr. Dre's 'First Billionaire in Hip – Hop' Facebook Post Strengthens Possibility of  ...
b Rumor Roundup (June 27, 2014): Vince McMahon retirement, John Cena vs  ...
e Jenny McCarthy, Donnie Wahlberg Getting Married
e NYT's Abramson Says She Feels 'Sting of Losing'
t Heartbleed Postmortem: Time to Rethink Open Source Security?
m Polio perishes in India
e Rock and Roll Hall of Fame welcomes Hall & Oates
b Alibaba Chairman Jack Ma's Dealings Raise Red Flags
m UK Ebola virus warning
e Open letter roasts spoiled actress Gwyneth Paltrow over 'office job' comments
e International Box Office: The Amazing Spider-Man 2 Takes Big $116.8 Million  ...
b European Taxi Drivers Plans to Protest Uber
t Sony Xperia C3 launches as "world's best selfie smartphone"
b American Airlines tweaks frequent flier program
b Stocks end shortened week mixed; judge denies GM recall order; Facebook  ...
t IBM's Watson: Can it improve returns on R&D?
m Baby Safety Gates Send Nearly 2000 U.S. Kids To The ER (STUDY)
e The Amazing Spider-Man 2: The Video Game Review
b S&P 500 Rises Above 2000 Points For First Time
m Brain Scans Might Spot Potential for Recovery From Coma
m Woman dies after Lincoln apartment fire
m Government report finds 2.3 per cent of Americans gay or bisexual
e Kim Kardashian Poses In Hilarious Holiday Snap With Miserable Kanye West In  ...
t General Motors Company Recalls 1.5 Million More Vehicles Due to Power  ...
b Tesla Motors Price Target Cut to $200.00 (TSLA)
e VIDEO: Celebs read tweets — Emma Stone smells like cat pee
e Captain America: The Winter Soldier Still Dominating at Box Office, Johnny  ...
e LISTEN: Kanye West Drops New Song God Level Over Wedding Weekend!
b New £1 coin unveiled by Chancellor George Osborne
t EBay asks users to change password after breach
e Justin Bieber Posts Photo of Orlando Bloom Following Fight
t Google Now officially lands on Chrome for desktop
m Report: Adults Using ADHD Medications On The Rise
e 'Idol's' best (and worst) judges
e Zac Efron 'Neighbors' Star Talks Sex Toy Dildos and Going Full Frontal Nude  ...
t Samsung will let you try a phone or smartwatch for 21 days without buying
b Netflix to Raise Prices for New Members
e 'The Bachelor': Juan Pablo Galavis, Andi Dorfman, Nick Viall on Chris Soules  ...
m Prostate cancer is focus of two studies, commentary
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 will reveal with 4 Killer Feature
e Angelina Jolie says won't change security on red carpet post Brad Pitt attack
t Terrible Net Neutrality Plan Will Get A Makeover, Still Be Terrible
b Retail sales surge in March at fastest pace in 1 1/2 years
t Apple expands buybacks by USD 30 billion, authorizes 7-for-1 stock split
b Rude awakening: The rise and fall of American Apparel's Dov Charney
t Senate torture report examines hunt for bin Laden
e 'Star Wars: Episode 7' First Pics: JJ Abrams Keeps Things Ambiguous And  ...
b AutoNation Posts Downbeat Q2 Earnings, Shares Fall
t Reviews: 'Cosmos' Debut Dazzles
t Something must give, as pay-TV costs keep on rising
e Rolling Stones Cancel Show After L'Wren Scott Death
m New MERS case confirmed
b Sneed: New York Times' Abramson episode sounds a sour note
e Jay Z, No Doubt to perform in Central Park
t OkCupid Proudly Admits It Experiments On People All The Time
e British Airways bungle sees couple bound for Granada land in Grenada
t Facebook is building an answer to Snapchat
t Stargazers Seize Upon A Rare Opportunity To Capture The Blood Moon
b UK inflation falls to 1.6pc
e Lupita Nyong'o among Academy invitees
t Entrepreneurs brace for MS Office on iPad
e Cumberbatch joins Johnny Depp's Black Mass
e Netflix Releases the Trailer for Season 2 of Orange is the New Black
b Another possible signal heard in Malaysian Airlines Flight 370 search
t Soon Amazon Could Use 3D Phone To Get You To Buy Stuff: Report
b Calif. water officials express meager hope
m Prevention is the best medicine for MERS virus
e [VIDEO] Trending Topics: The Game Not Up For These 'Children Games'
b Homebuilders' stocks up on strong home sales
m Appeals Court Strikes Down Ohio Hospital Merger in Win for FTC
b High fees eroding many 401(k)'s
e Cancelled: 30 mins before show Miley Cyrus too sick to sing
t Amazon moves to tighten grip on e-books
e Former UP resident's life partner a passenger on missing Flight 370
t Top US astronomers: Alien life to be discovered within 20 years
e Obamas and Friends Take in Dinner and “A Raisin in the Sun” in NYC
b Another McDonald's closed by Russian food safety watchdog
m WHO: Ebola outbreak among 'most challenging'
t Steve Ballmer Says Board Term Depends on "How he Sees his Life Playing Out"
t Samsung Galaxy S5 Review
t eScan launches a unique online tool to identify Heartbleed bug affected websites
e Investigator: Failed Clamp Caused Rhode Island Circus Accident
e Rob Thomas, Katie Thomas at 'Veronica Mars' Los Angeles Premiere
e Garth Brooks' Five-Night Run in Dublin Cancelled
e George Clooney Pens Op-Ed Addressing Marriage Rumors, Calls Daily Mail  ...
b Toyota to Pay $1bn to Settle Criminal Safety Issues Probe in US
e Letterman's Announcement Kicks Off Another Round Of Late-Night Musical Chairs
t Sony unveils Project Morpheus VR headset for PS4
e Britain makes Hollywood actress Angelina Jolie an honorary dame
e New director Gosling's 'Lost River' is panned as a Cannes 'crapocalypse'
b Wal-Mart recalling 174000 dolls over burn risk
t Get Ready for Digital Advertising on Refrigerators and Thermostats
e 10 things to realize about J.K. Rowling's new 'Harry Potter' short story
b Google most expensive world brand — Millward Brown
t New video shows iPhone 6 sapphire screen strength
b Gas prices to climb amid Iraq chaos
e George Clooney keen to start a family?
e To Have and Have Knot: Exploring Family Ties in 'Wish I Was Here'
e 5 Crucial Things The Next Muppet Movie Needs To Get Right
b Bitcoin: Taxed as property, regulated as currency?
t Wii U update to shorten boot time by 20 seconds
t Google Glass Finally Getting the Makeover It Desperately Needs
b World's Largest Banana Company Is Born
b LME OFFICIALS: Export data adds to China's assault on copper
b Toronto stock market looked set to open lower
b China: Size Matters
b GM Car Owners Allege Fraud in Challenging GM Bankruptcy Protection
b Microsoft Office for iPad release finally confirmed
b House Sells for Record Breaking $147 Million in East Hampton Without Broker
e Cinco de Mayo Marked by Competing Protests in California Town
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West cause chaos in Paris on the eve of their wedding
e Kanye and Kim Spent 4 Entire Days Producing Wedding Instagram Photo
t Apple's Patent Suggests Surface-Like Cover With Multi-Touch Keyboard For iPad
m Minnesota Bans Triclosan in Antibacterial Soaps
b Washington State Issues Marijuana Shop Licences
b Yukos ex-shareholders to pursue Russia's state assets in 150 states of New York  ...
b Priceline books $2.6 bn OpenTable deal
e Cork woman has sentencing for killing son adjourned
e Jack Bauer's back: Kiefer Sutherland on the return of '24′
t Apple adds rear iSight camera and colors to 16GB iPod touch, cuts prices of all  ...
b Target CEO Steps Down After Data Breach, Insider Named Interim Boss
e 'Transcendence' Is Johnny Depp's Fourth Box-Office Bomb In A Row
b Editorial: Loopholes you could drive a Caterpillar through
t The US Government: Paying to Undermine Internet Security, Not to Fix It
b Zillow Is Acquiring Trulia For $3.5 Billion
t U.S. Department of Transportation: All new vehicles must have rearview cameras
b US economic growth for 4Q is revised slightly up
b Federal money coming to Florida to fight ruinous citrus bacteria
t Tesla, Nissan, BMW mull all-for-plug, plug-for-all electrocar charger plan
e Piers Morgan Signs Off
m Med Students Matched with Residency Programs
m Autism: Key facts and figures
t GM compensation fund could pay millions to victims, families
e Zara pulls pajama that looks like concentration camp uniform
e With help from thousands on Kickstarter, 'Veronica Mars' reborn
b Target's CEO out after security breach
m Breast-lift surgeries booming since 2000
e 7 Amazing Revelations From Kimye's Glamorous Pre-Wedding Brunch
e Zac Efron, Michelle Rodriguez dating? Pair spotted kissing on yacht
t Microsoft Surface Pro 3 In Action (Video)
b Tuesday, June 24: Today in Gold and Silver
b Oil and gas shares gain as Iraq supply fears ease
e Kim Kardashian, Kanye West Wedding Date Nears As Jay Z Calls Ceremony 'A  ...
b Airlines should disclose bag fees before purchase, US says
b Pentagon Fears Russia Has Ukraine Invasion Force Ready
b Oversold Conditions For Berry Plastics Group (BERY)
t Cosmos Episode Four: Fewer Errors of Commission, More Errors of Omission
m Supreme Court declines to hear more cases challenging Obamacare  ...
b Detroit to auction vacant homes online. Starting bid: $1000
b ISS: Target Shareholders Should Overhaul Board
b Wagner may have to buck GOP leadership on re-authorization of Export-Import  ...
e The 5 Dumbest Things In Transcendence
b Nadella gets off to winning start, Microsoft beats Wall Street estimates
b #PreMarket Prep Recap - Coming Out Of Earnings Season, Action Is Sideways
b Yahoo Employee Diversity Stats Reveal Huge Disparity
m Patients get lab-grown vaginas and nose parts; technique might be useful for  ...
t Samsung rolls out Galaxy Core II, Ace 4, Young 2 and Star 2 phones for  ...
b Ryanair introduces Business Class on all its flights
b US Fed bars shareholder payouts from Citi, 4 others
e Andi Dorfman Admits to Feeling "Defeated and Confused" About Josh Murray
t Sony Thinks Destiny Will Be The Best-Selling PS4 Title This Year
t Titanfall: prepare for the revolution
t T-Mobile's Unlimited Music Streaming Is the Worst for Net Neutrality
e Rick Ross – “War Ready” (Feat. Jeezy) Video
e Brooks' fans 'out of pocket' after show cancellations
t Ford Cuts Fuel Economy Ratings For Six Vehicles, To Compensate 200000  ...
t Apple, Samsung Head Back to Court -- Again
t Apple Reportedly Betting $3.2B on Dre's Beats
e Seth Meyers to host Primetime Emmys this summer
b Draghi Grapples With Money Markets Showing Revival Too Soon
t T-Mobile ends data charges for streaming music
b Pioneer Natural Can Export Condensate, Refiners Fall
b Retail gasoline prices up 2 cents across Texas going into start of holiday weekend
e J-Lo, Versace lead Paris' haute couture revival - CBS 3 Springfield - WSHM
m Sleep Disturbances May Raise Risk of Alzheimer's
e Bollywood celebrities pay tribute to Gabriel Garcia Marquez on Twitter
t Beats, Apple Inc. Deal Is 'A Bad Idea': Gene Munster
t Softbank CEO wants to give scale to Sprint to compete
e Jay Z to announce Made in America music festival in Los Angeles with Mayor  ...
t Google Takes Baby Steps Back to Health
e Madonna's new Instagram pic is the pits
e Easter Deception? Movie 'Heaven is for Real' -- Not True -- Unbiblical
b How Wichita-serving airlines fared in 2013 rankings
e Michelle Williams African Dances With Beyonce, Kelly in 'Say Yes' Video (WATCH)
t East Maitland couple loves Mustang's classic design
b Brand Index: Cadbury gives Pfizer and Astrazeneca taste of the future
e Robin Thicke - Paula
e Are Jennifer Aniston And Justin Theroux Planning To Elope?
b US economy rebounds strongly in Q2
b Darden announces sale of Red Lobster (Video)
e Sinead O'Connor announces new album - also, she looks like this now
b This Is Awkward, but I Know How Much Your House Cost
b Starbucks to test burger biz with La Boulange chain
e HBO Gives 'Game Of Thrones' A Season 5 AND Season 6
t TiVo Introduces A $50 Over-The-Air DVR For The Post-Aereo Era
e 'Glee' season 6: Dianna Agron joins Chris Messina new Sam Smith video
m Health care law supporters frustrated by state roadblocks
e The Game of Thrones Sex Scene Can't Be Both Rape and Not Rape
b Social start-up Tango raises US$280m in Series D round led by Alibaba
m State gets federal money for health center improvements
e Exclusive: Melissa McCarthy Shares What Makes 'Tammy' So Gangsta
e How will Bryan Singer's legal troubles affect 'X-Men: Days of Future Past'?
b Former BofA CFO Settles with NY Attorney General
t MotoGP: Marc Marquez On Top Of The World
t Antarctic Emperor penguins in danger, says study
t NSA Denies Exploiting Online Heartbleed Bug for Spying
e Stars around the world pay tribute to tragic Peaches Geldof
e Video interview: Richard Linklater and Ellar Coltrane on Boyhood
e Star-studded cast breathes new life into 1980s play 'The Normal Heart'
b Ronald McDonald takes to Twitter, gets makeover
t 2014 Smartphone Comparison Guide
t OpenSSL memory leak burns slowly
e Bachelor Juan Pablo's Obscene Comment to Clare Crawley, Celebs React to  ...
m Number told to take statin drug skyrockets
e Robert Downey Jr Addresses Son's Arrest For Cocaine Possession
t Heartbleed fixes taking longer as websites plug gaps
t YouTube Moves To Buy Video Game Streaming Service, Twitch For $1billion
t The week's biggest tech news in pictures: Galaxy S5, Twitter, Facebook
b Citigroup to pay $7B in subprime mortgage probe
e Sir Paul's Five Finest
t Facebook Takes This Fight to Google
b May 8 Premarket Briefing: 10 Things You Should Know
t Easter delivery: SpaceX shipment arrives at ISS
e Cruise takes a wild ride
m MERS Not As Threatening As Other Diseases
t Business update: Parade of GM recalls rolls on; 2.4M more vehicles
e Pornographic tweet by US Airways has Twitterverse in lolz
b GM issues another recall involving 1.5 mil vehicles
t eBay admits it kept massive cyber attack secret because it thought customer data  ...
b Hillshire buys maker of Birds Eye, Duncan Hines and Vlasic for $4.3 billion
t Comcast and Net Neutrality: Is the Internet Better Off Unregulated?
e Game Of Thrones Season 4 Episode #03 – Breaker of Chains Review
t Rubik's Cube Invention Honored With Google Doodle
b US unemployment rate rises
b Taco Bell's New Waffle Taco Kind Of Sucks
e JK Rowling releases a new Harry Potter short story
e 'Star Wars' creator to set up movie museum in Chicago
b Turkey's Twitter ban fails to stop tech-savvy population
t Secret Facebook experiment sparks controversy (+video)
e The seven most dramatic job exits ever after Piers Morgan signs off CNN show  ...
b Stocks fall on mediocre economic news
m E-cigarettes: Safe alternative or fresh threat?
b Euro Down On Draghi Comments--2nd Update
b Taco Bell: 'Thank You For Suing Us, Here Is The Truth About Our Beef'
e Bachelorette 2014 Spoilers: Josh Murray Gets First One-on-One Date!
t Google and Viacom Settle YouTube Copyright Suit
m Why Is Alaska Putting Free Pregnancy Tests in Bar Bathrooms?
e 'Sons of Guns' Star Will Hayden Arrested for Allegedly Raping a 12-Year-Old
m Study Lists Foods that Can Improve Skin's Natural SPF Ability
t Facebook to roll out ``I`ma Voter`` feature worldwide
e James Rebhorn's Tear-Jerking Tribute
e Rob Thomas responds to fan anger over 'Veronica Mars' download difficulties
b Nissan says full-year profit jumps 14.0% to $3.8 bn
t Now, What Could Apple Possibly Want From a Senior Tag Heuer Executive?
e Pharrell Williams confirmed for US edition of The Voice
m Wealthy Fla. doctor linked to senator back in news
t Nintendo posts Q1 loss over weak Wii U sales
b China April bank lending disappoints, money growth picks up
e Box office: '22 Jump Street' leaps past 'Dragon 2' for $25 million Friday
b FTC: Congress Should Rein in Data Brokers
b Vermont unemployment rate drops to 3.7 percent
e How the NFL Helped Make Draft Day a Super Accurate Sports Movie
t AT&T Hacker 'Weev' Has Conviction Tossed Over Trial Locale (2)
t Microsoft Office On iPad Ushers In New Era
b The ECB's New Lending Operations Are Off Target
e Watch Beyoncé On Stage with Solange @ Coachella 2014
e Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield find a positive use for the paparazzi
e 'Game Of Thrones' Fans Thought They Spotted A Blooper, But No
e Hollywood legend Mickey Rooney dies at age 93
t eBay Slammed for Delayed Action on Major Security Flaw
t WhatsApp addresses privacy concerns after Facebook buy, adds new privacy  ...
b P.F. Chang's switches to carbon-copy credit card machines following hack
t Amazon to Launch First 3D SmartPhone
m Benefits of Legalizing Marijuana Outweigh Arguments Against It
t Obama launches plan to save hardworking honey bees
t Man Captures Dashcam Video of Meteor in Sky
b General Motors recalls 1.5 million vehiclesPublish Date: Mar 29, 2014
t Gas Prices Average $3.72 in PA
m This is the most depressing graph in American health care
e Shailene Woodley “Might Have” Hooked Up With a Co-Star — Who Is It?
b GBP Gives Up Early Gains After BoE Minutes
b Amazon Again Reports Thin Profits -- Update
e Kim Kardashian And Kanye West's Wedding Involves Lana Del Rey, No Fly Zones
e Time Remaining: 6 Days
e Transformers Smashes Tammy at Start of Slower Box Office Weekend
m After spring cleaning, CDC officials finally find that small box of smallpox they  ...
m E-cigarettes to be regulated in US
e Jesse Helt Named as Man Who Miley Cyrus Took to the 2014 VMAs (+Pictures  ...
e Now Trending: Beyoncé and Jay-Z summer tour stops in Toronto and Winnipeg
t Snowden documents reveal massive malware-based NSA surveillance effort
t Microsoft to cut 18000 jobs this year as it trims Nokia
b 138 arrested outside McDonald's HQ
e Get Excited About Kristen Stewart in the Trailer for 'Clouds of Sils Maria'
b President Obama intervenes to end Philadelphia transit strike
e Booze for a Busy Lifestyle? Powdered Alcohol Packets Just Went Up in Smoke
t Google Glass Update to be Released Later This Week, Brings Android 4.4 KitKat  ...
t Apple Pledges to Make Emojis More Ethnically Diverse
e Also at cinemas this week...
t Forget Office for iPad: Mobile is threatening full Office
b White House: Twitter Ban Undermines Turkey's Freedoms
e 'Fargo' Boss on Appeals of Anthology Series, Cable vs. Broadcast and a Future  ...
b IBM to spend $3 bn aiming for computer chip breakthrough
e North Korea threatens 'strong and merciless countermeasure' against upcoming  ...
e Kim Kardashian advises Khloe to avoid French Montana's 'family drama'
b Long Island job growth slows
e Jennette McCurdy's Racy Selfies Could Mean The End Of 'Sam & Cat'
b Finally: the Credit Suisse, US Justice deal is done
e Coachella 2014: Fans leaving late should be cautious as winds pick up again  ...
b Drugmaker Shire rejects $46bn bid | Bangkok Post: news
m Once-conjoined twins set to leave Dallas hospital
t Apple Launches 8 GB iPhone 5c, 16 GB iPad 4 Makes its Return (Updated)
m Skin cancer rates double in west country
t Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 8.0 : Best review for you
b Fixed Mortgage Rates Move Up
e Police investigate Jace killing
m WATCH OUT, KALE
b Ocean area where pings detected not MH370 crash zone: JACC
t Facebook happy with app, rules out developing a phone
b E-book price fixing settlements land in Amazon customers' inboxes
m Math App Helps Whittle Away Jet Lag
t Apple: iCloud hasn't been compromised with iPhone and iPad hijack attacks
m Light me up? E-cigarettes will now be under FDA authority
t Companies sharing cybersecurity data not to be prosecuted: US
t Is HTC One M8 Ending iPhone, Samsung's Reign?
m Physician group recommends ditching routine pelvic exams
t Rubik's Cube invention: Can you solve it in 20 moves?
b Posted by Parvez Jabri
e Brittny Gastineau Not the Aggressor in Fight, Has "More Bruises," Pal Says
e Pink Floyd to release first album in twenty years
e Jay Z and Beyonce team up for summer tour - report
b Alibaba picks NYSE over NASDAQ for IPO
b Airline fees need full disclosure, agency says
b Australia, Japan strike new trade, security deal
e More Than 80K Visitors Expected In Manchester For Bonnaroo
e New Game of Thrones Season 4 Trailer: "Secrets" in Westeros (VIDEO)
b Rajan holds fire, but EMI of your loan may still rise
e Game of Thrones Characters Could Really Use These Apps
b Americans borrow less than 25 percent of college costs in 2013: study
m Thousand-mile relay to bring donations to Boston Marathon victims
t FCC Head Tom Wheeler To Propose New Broadband Rule
t Flood Law Group Announces Continuation of Investigation into GM Ignition Recall
t Framing the future: The styles, shapes and colours of Google Glass
b Pistorius trial starts after delay
b BNP Paribas to be 'punished severely', says boss
e Watch: Captain America: The Winter Soldier Directors Discuss All The Movies  ...
t Google Glass Is Coming to the UK
b John Kerry's visit: An exercise for success of the Modi-Obama meet
e Charlize Theron & Andy Samberg Set to Host 'Saturday Night Live'!
b GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks climb on upbeat US data; euro falls
b Citi profits up 3.5% on lower costs, improved credit
t 8 GB iPhone 5c appears in UK online Apple Store
b Shire CEO begins information campaign in attempt to fend off AbbVie
t Rhapsody Is Exclusive Music Streaming Service For Fan TV
t Meteor Shower Peaks Pre-Dawn Tuesday
b New Banking License: Election Commission Clears Way for New Bank Licences
b Yum! Brands (YUM) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations  ...
t Climate change threatens US landmarks, report says
t GM's Barra Bringing Legacy of Safety Fights to Congress
m Run for your life: Jogging for just SEVEN minues a day slashes heart disease risks
m Mers more widespread than thought after infected camels found in northern Africa
t Google updates terms of service to say it analizes user content
m Women more likely to get Alzheimer's
b Playhouse set to be delivered to Hunter Ellis Monday
e Lupita Nyong'o named 'World's Most Beautiful' by People magazine
t Recall Alert: 1.3 Million Older Model GM Vehicles
b BBC: Rebels 'retreating' in Sloviansk
t Tesla beefs up battery shields, NHTSA ends fire probe
e Meet Comedy Central's New Host, Larry Wilmore, In 5 Very Funny 'Daily Show  ...
b Post offices: No extended hours for April 15's Tax Day
e Fascinating fact:
t Rocket with US-Russian crew misses ISS rendezvous
t Police confirm they arrested 10 at Google HQ
b One Year Since Bangladesh's Rana Plaza Collapse — Has Anything Changed?
m E-Cigarettes Users May End Up Paying More For Insurance
e 'Amazing Spider-Man 2' Vs 'Titanfall': Which One Took The Top Spot In UK?
b US futures dip
t Fabien Cousteau surfaces after record-breaking 31 days underwater
b EU 2014, 2015 economic forecasts
t GM to Pay $10 Billion For Faulty Ignition Switches Lawsuit Settlement
t Google Glass Explorer Ticketed In San Diego Featured On 'The Daily Show'
e 'Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice' Writer-Director Paul Mazursky Dies
b Glencore Agrees to Buy Caracal Energy for Chad Oil Assets
e Kim Kardashian's Second Honeymoon Looks a Lot More Exotic than the First
b Gold prices steady
t Rare fish washes up on North Carolina beach
t Court: Execution drug maker a secret in Georgia
b US Stocks Soar as Dow Hits Record
e Kim Kardashian & Kanye West's Major Wedding Guest Snub Is for the Best
e Mila Kunis Opens Up About Pregnancy And Engagement To Ashton Kutcher  ...
e Garth Brooks Irish comeback shows canceled
t FCC Tries Explaining New Net Neutrality Approach as Techies Freak
e VIDEO: Is Lady Gaga's "GUY" Music Video Her Craziest Yet?
t Motorola Teases Moto E On Twitter
b Zillow Mortgage Marketplace: 30-Year Fixed Rate Drops
t Yahoo News Digest arrives on Android and launches an international edition
e Rare footage shows FDR walking in 1937
e Kacy Catanzaro Talks About Her Historic Run on American Ninja Warrior, Also  ...
b Mystery virus kills baby pigs, pushes up the cost of bacon
t Amazon expected to bust into smartphone market
e Beatles' first film broke ground, remains fresh at 50
e $10 potato salad Kickstarter idea raises $37000
t Scientists Add Letters to DNA's Alphabet, Raising Hope and Fear
e Justin Bieber in new N-word shame - jokes about joining Ku Klux Klan
e Andrew Garfield interested in Ultimate Spider-Man movie with Miles Morales
e Mad Men Begins Final Season Sunday Night
e Bruce Springsteen to induct E Street Band into Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
e Mark Wahlberg wants his girls to date this kind of guy
e Miley Cyrus Honors Dead Pooch With Tribute Tattoo
t Graco gives in to US safety agency demands, agrees to recall 1.9M infant seats
e 'Gotham' trailer debuts on Fox
e Chris Pine Pleads Guilty to DUI, Has License Suspended
e Paul Walker's mother 'claims his daughter's mom is an alcoholic'
e Neil Patrick Harris bares all for 'Rolling Stone' cover
b Mortgage Loans For Retirees
b Venture Capitalist Who Wants to Split California Into 6 States Just Bought $19  ...
b Amazon Buys ComiXology, The Top Digital Comics Company; Marvel and DC  ...
b 16.1 percent of Chinese soil is polluted
b Amazon, Ford drag stocks lower; Escalating tensions in Ukraine weigh on the  ...
t Virgin Mobile Launches Customizable Prepaid Plan With Walmart
t Rosetta Spots Its Comet
e Game Of Thrones Season 4 Final Trailer- Devil Inside: Premiere Date, Cast  ...
t NASA Launches Mission To Study Atmospheric Carbon
m Travel to West Africa May Spread the Ebola Virus Globally
m Rising carbon dioxide levels affect nutrients in crops, study says
m Cancer survivor promotes benefits of early detection
m Light it up Blue on Autism Awareness Day
e 'Reckless' Anna Wood and 'The Amazing Spider-Man 2's' Dane DeHaan enjoy  ...
e '22 Jump Street' Trailer Replaces Jonah Hill, Channing Tatum With Their Stand  ...
t SpaceX success with Falcon 9 rocket is a giant step toward making reusable  ...
b China Mobile Under Pressure as IPhones, WeChat Curb Profit (2)
e Photos: Kim Kardashian and Kanye West on Vogue cover
m Just 5 Mutations can make Deadly H5N1 Bird Flu Virus Easily Transmissible
e Scott leaves $9m estate Mick Jagger
e Fargo cast finds iconic cold climes in Western Canada
m World Health Organisation: 7 million people died because of air pollution in 2012
b This Is the Way the Cupcake Crumbled
e CinemaCon 2014: First footage of 'Fifty Shades of Grey' unveiled
e Morrissey cancels US tour, blaming support act's cold for axed dates
t Misbehaving Europeans Are Already Asking Google to 'Forget' Them
b Biggest jump in pending home sales in four years
b FTSE falls on rates hike spectre, Iraq violence
m Recommendation Allows Mother To Hold Newborn Immediately After Birth
t Apple IDs Compromised: iPhones, iPads, and Macs Ransomed
e David Chase Claims That He Did Not Say Tony Soprano Is Alive
e Woman splurges $30000 to look like Kim Kardashian
e Nudist Photographer Terry Richardson Disses Lindsay Lohan's Romance  ...
b A bond rally: When vultures cheer
b White House pushes climate change solutions this week
b Volkswagen preparing to bid for US Paccar: Analyst report
m Ebola Outbreak Spreading in Africa
t New info shows MH370 may have turned south 'earlier' than believed
e US Airways tweets explicit photo of a nude woman and a toy airplane, apologizes
e Harrison Ford injured on 'Star Wars: Episode VII' set 0
e 5 Things You Should Know About the Insane Effects in <em>Transformers: Age  ...
b New York Times Fires Woman Editor, Shows Women's Progress
t Spacecraft carrying Russian-US-German crew docks at International Space Station
t Apple CEO Tim Cook has a hands-off approach for the iWatch: Report
e Kim and Khloé Kardashian Share New Photos of Baby North at the Kimye  ...
t After iPad, Touch-Friendly Office Coming to Windows
t How Does Neil deGrasse Tyson's Cosmos Compare to the Original?
m Dieters move past calories, foot makers follow
t Microsoft's Windows Phone 8.1 update takes Cortana to China, UK, and three  ...
t World threat as efforts to cut carbon emissions fail
b Barclays PPI bill nudges £5bn as profits fall
e Violence Erupts At BET Awards Parties
e Brad Pitt's New Orleans beer-toss to Matthew McConaughey is disappointingly  ...
e 3 New Pics From Dawn Of The Planet of The Apes
b Colorado gets $2 million from first month of marijuana taxes
t Google brings Chromecast platform to additional 11 countries
t Half-Life 2 Coming To NVIDIA SHIELD and We Have Crowbar To Prove It
e Jimmy Fallon brings 'Tonight Show' to Orlando this week
e Amazon Launches 'Prime Music,' But With Songs Older Than Six Months -- And  ...
b Rio Tinto rises in U.K. trade, but BSkyB falls
m MCH to have National Walking Day event Wednesday
m Foster Farms Chicken Distributed From Fresno Recalled Over Salmonella  ...
e See Homer Simpson do the Ice Bucket Challenge
e Miley Cyrus hospitalized for severe allergic reaction, cancels Kansas City, Mo  ...
e Rappers Wu-Tang Clan to sell one copy of special album
t Ford lowers mileage ratings on hybrid cars
t User info requests up 120pc since 2010 – Google Transparency Report
e Shia LaBeouf Headed For Treatment Following 'Bizarre Behavior'
e Pippa Middleton discusses how she felt "publicly bullied" 2:54PM
e Lindsay Lohan mum Dina pleads guilty to DUI: 'A great start to Holy Week'
b 2014 Eurozone Economic Growth Projected to Reach 1.2%
e First Look at the 'Peanuts' Movie: You've Got a Teaser Trailer, Charlie Brown
t Robot aboard International Space Station to get legs, NASA says
b Encana to sell some of its U.S. natural gas assets to TPG for US$1.8 billion.
t Microsoft Launches Its First Android Handset, The Nokia X2
t Facebook: World domination will require solar-powered drones, laser beams  ...
e Beyonce Cries, Thanks Fans At Final Mrs. Carter Show Tour Stop
m About 9.000 blood bags collected so far in 2014
e Harrison Ford injured on set of 'Star Wars,' taken to hospital with ankle injury
b Why Mark Carney Has Done The Banks A Big Favour
m Incidence of colon cancer have dropped sharply in older adults
b Draghi ready to cut rates in June as euro hurts outlook
b 130-year-old magazine to end regular release, Meredith says
b MH370 Lost in Indian Ocean:Perth Chinese ready to receive grieving families
b Medtronic buys Covidien for US$43b
e Rolf Harris Stripped of BAFTA Fellowship After Being Found Guilty of Indecent  ...
e Kiefer Sutherland on 24 return: 'It caught me by surprise'
e Chris Brown's DC Assault Trial Delayed for Months
b Investor urges against Coke's management pay
b US Stocks Fall as JPMorgan Earnings Overshadow Economy
e Lea Michele Shows Some PDA With Her New Boyfriend: See The Pics
b McDonald's reports lower US sales amid bitter cold winter
m Diet Is The Key
e 'True Detective' ends first season on ratings high note
m West Nile virus confirmed in daytime mosquitoes
e Ben Affleck Addresses Card Counting Accusations On Twitter
b Pilgrim's Pride Makes $5.58B Bid For Hillshire
t Do you own this type of laptop? The battery pack may overheat
e No Doubt! Gwen Stefani officially joins 'The Voice'
b US Navy hands oil tanker to Libya
e Smiling Lana Del Rey surrounds herself with supportive family after confirming  ...
t Facebook up and running after brief crash
t Students and teachers celebrate Pi Day with pizza, pies and fun facts
e JENNIFER LOPEZ Reveals Name, Cover Art for Latest Album
b Fame, Fortune And Fashion: Why Dov Charney Got Off The Hook
b BUSINESS > Turkish manufacturing growth cools down
e Jay-Z Attacked By Solange Knowls in Elevator!
m E-cigarettes significantly boost quitting success among smokers, study finds
b Tesla, Keurig set for active after-hours session
b BOE Says Rate Argument Becoming 'More Balanced' for Some MPC (3)
e WATCH: Miley Cyrus' Tour Bus Goes Up in Flames!
t Why Apple's OS X Yosemite means business
t Apple HD TV desire contradicted by Jobs
b Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) Tops Q1 EPS by 29c
e Turnt Up Chris Brown Parties Hard At BET Awards After Party (VIDEO)
t Microsoft and SAP extend big data, cloud and mobility partnership
t Could Facebook Bring About a Glorious VR Future? - Article
m Video: Internet abuzz over topless woman who trashed McDonald's in Pinellas  ...
t Thurrock in Essex named among cities shamed over air quality
b Russell Stover Sale To Lindt A Sweet Deal For Billionaire Family Owner
m UPDATE: West Africa Ebola Toll 1552, infection rate accelerates - WHO
b Uber raising funds at $10 billion-plus valuation
t Now the hard part: Nadella touts new Surface tablets
b Tokyo stocks close at six-month high
e 'Captain America,' 'Rio 2' top US box office
e Weigh in: Who should win the trophy on tonight's 'Dancing with the Stars'?
e Three arrested outside Taylor Swift's Rhode Island house
e GWAR frontman Brockie dies at 50 (w/video)
e Demure English rose no more
t Tyrannosaurus rex gets new home in Smithsonian dinosaur hall
e Cyrus and Flaming Lips' Wayne Coyne cover Beatles song Lucy In The Sky With  ...
b Tim Draper won the $19M Silk Road auction, but his son may be the real winner
b Fedex facing federal charges
e Kim Kanye arrive in Ireland for secret honeymoon
t Facebook drops messaging from main mobile app
b Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg gets 1-dollar annual salary
t Rossi: Austin will prove return to form
e 'Game of Thrones' Showrunners on 'Cruel' Finale, Season 5 Plans (Q&A)
t 1 in 10 U.S. Cars and Trucks Have Been Recalled
t 'Magic Islands' Appear On Saturn's Moon Titan
m Study Questions Need for Double Mastectomy
b Twitter (TWTR) Up More than 26% Following Its Massive Beat
b UK expected to name next BoE deputy governor on Tuesday: source
m Mars Bar Inc. Studying the Life Saving Benefits of "Chocolate Pills"
e Jennifer Lawrence denies faking Oscar fall: "I'm craftier than that"
e I DON'T Wanna Hold Your Hand! Paul McCartney Infection Leads To Hospital Stay
m Home Community Health A Broken System: Mental illness takes its toll on...
e Bullock 'came face-to-face with intruder'
e Jack White records songs, releases vinyl in hours
e 'Seinfeld' 25th anniversary: Watch best moments
m Global Breast Imaging Market Expected to Reach USD 4.06 Billion in 2019  ...
e Richard Attenborough remembered by celebrities on Twitter
b Missing Malaysian jet MH370: Sightings boost search for missing Malaysia plane
t Sony had to pioneer six different technologies to develop its virtual-reality headset
t New research: Carbon dioxide turns ocean water more acidic, posing risks to  ...
e Rolf Harris found guilty of child sexual abuse
t Samsung Gear 2 and Gear Fit to go sale for $295 and $197
t Among IBM users, Apple agreement gets praise, questions
e Kesha adjusts mermaid gown after her cleavage very nearly spills out at  ...
e Pharrell Williams Takes Over 'Saturday Night Live' With 'Happy' & That Hat
t Google buys Songza music curation service for $39 million, iOS app included
m WHO Expresses Concern About Rising Number of MERS-CoV Cases
b Twitter's COO Ali Rowghani has resigned and its share price has risen 4%
b Jessica Alba's Honest Co. raises $70-million
e Frances Cobain BLASTS Lana Del Rey: Shut Up About My Dad!
t Starbucks Wireless Charging Plan: Meet Powermat
b Hollande vows to protect jobs as he meets Alstom bidders | Bangkok Post: news
e POW saga inspires competing films
m Smokers urged to quit for National No Smoking Day
b Elon Musk's company buying Silevo, one of the 'Buffalo Billion' tech firms
e Taylor Swift Shares Optimistic View of Music Industry in Op-Ed
t Twitter bolstering strategy for mobile ads revenue
e Lindsay Lohan wants to live with integrity
e Weird Al's Brand-New Video Is the First of Eight
m UPDATE 1-US says non-allergic peanut moves closer to commercial reality
b Pending Home Sales Up Sharply in May
b San Francisco orders parking spot auction app to cease-and-desist
e New trailer for Disney's Maleficent
m UN System Coordinator on Ebola dispels myths, pledges support for West  ...
t Gas prices relatively steady
m FDA nod to Durata drug for acute skin infections
t Playing Soccer In Space Looks More Fun Than It Is On Earth
e Matt Bomer: 'The Normal Heart' saved my life
m Regular Aspirin Use Linked to Drop in Pancreatic Cancer Risk
m Smartphones making parents ignore their kids
t LG G Flex Android 4.4 Kit Kat Update Released In South Korea
m Grant to help county steer mentally ill away from jail
e Miley Cyrus's Bangerz Tour Officially Postponed
e Katee Sackhoff Talks Oculus, Marvel, and more!
t Yes. Facebook will KNOW you've been browsing for smut
m Key stages of the Ebola virus
e Watch Delvin Choice Sing on The Voice 2014 Live Shows, April 21, 2014 (VIDEO)
t Google I/O's big themes: Watches, TVs, the connected home and cars
b Morgan Stanley's Profit Jumps, Beats Estimates
e Actress Drew Barrymore welcomes second daughter
e Melissa McCarthy's "Tammy" gets little love from critics
e 'Noah' finally debuts in theaters after lots of controversy
e The Redford-Newman Reunion and 10 Other Super Easter Eggs Hidden in  ...
e Watch Brad Pitt Throw Matt McConaughey A Hopitoulas
b Scams target people struggling with student loan debt, Illinois says
e Man suing 'X-Men' director Bryan Singer says he told police of alleged sex  ...
e 12 O'Clock Track(s): RIP Frankie Knuckles, a megamix
b Oracle Corp (ORCL) Misses Q3 EPS by 2c, Sales Light
t Expanded Cortana Support Coming in First Windows Phone 8.1 Update
t Nexus 7 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 8: Which one is the better choice for you ?
e Actor Michael Jace charged with murder
e Nicki Minaj Has A New Song With Jessie J And Ariana Grande
b Australia PM confident in black box signal
e Kanye West - Kanye West proposed to Kim Kardashian years ago
e Mickey Rooney Gets Emotional, Reflects on His Career in One of His Final  ...
m Research reveals big drops in rates of diabetes related health problems
t Amazon's smartphone will be exclusive to AT&T, Sponsored Data a possibility?
b Stocks fall for 3rd day in row; S&P 500 down for year again: stock market live  ...
t Galaxy S5 Developer Edition hits Verizon imminently
e The Social Climber: Katherine Heigl Sues Pharmacy, Lauren Conrad Dyes Her  ...
e LeVar Burton raises funds on Kickstarter for 'Reading Rainbow' reboot
m Flu drugs may not be worth stockpiling
t Big cable deal: service go from bad to worse?
m Eating Processed Meat Linked To Increased Heart Failure Risk In Men
e Famed Country Singer Responds to Westboro Protesters Who Were Picketing  ...
e Top Moments From Game of Thrones Season 4 Episode 7: Mockingbird
e Tori Spelling thought it was a joke when publicist rang about Dean McDermott's  ...
e High court hears streaming TV case
e Kristen Bell expecting again
e 'The way you love our daughter fills me with so much love!' Kim Kardashian  ...
e Very Cool: Detroit Choir Sings 'Happy' For Ellen Show Promotion For Season 12
b Philip Morris Buys British E-Cigarette Company
t Whirlpool's smart washer and dryer just got smarter
b Amazon's Nuclear Option In Its Negotiations With Publishers
b Wall St ends lower as biotechs fall; indexes up for week
e On Screen: April 18, 2014
t Nike CEO: We're Excited About Future Partnership With Apple
t NASA's Kepler Space Telescope will resume its hunt for exoplanets in K2 mission
t Titanfall - Capture the Flag Triple Threat
t Report: Teens drive the most dangerous cars on the roads
b Kraft Recalls Over a Million Cases of Cheese for Improper Storage
b GoPro Touts Media Ahead of IPO for Higher Value Than Cameras
t Senator Durbin: Climate Change A Real Threat
m West Hartford teen to return home after year-long legal battle
e Pharrell wore a headdress on the Elle UK cover. Native Americans are  ...
e Kim Kardashian And Kanye West Vogue Cover Shoot: What Happened Behind  ...
t Verizon now sells One (M8) at retail, AT&T and Sprint online
t Instagram adds new photo editing features
m Study confirms lifestyle changes to prevent Alzheimer's are effective
m Marathon Running May Cause Heart Damage
t iPhablet? 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch iPhone 6 displays to enter production in May
e Dolly Parton receives award at Glastonbury
e The fire every time
t Mysterious crater in Siberia spawns wild Internet theories
t Govt says OK to keep driving recalled GM cars
t 5 big game releases to get you through the coming summer drought
e Review: 'Noah' is equal parts confounding and astounding
m HIV News: UN Finds 47% Of New AIDS Virus Infections In Latin America  ...
t Destiny Expansion Pass, aka Season Pass, detailed
m Eczema Patients may have Lower Chances of Developing Skin Cancer: Study
t VIDEO: Amazon Fights FTC Over Mobile In-app Purchases
t Samsung improves focus with the Galaxy K zoom
b Automakers' shares climb on reporting strong U.S. sales in May
b HP to cut another 11K-16K positions
m Aid agency worker dies as Ebola outbreak spreads
e Chris Martin and Gwyneth Paltrow bought a $14 million home in Malibu earlier  ...
e Kimye's Wedding Countdown: A Look Back at Kanye West's Former Flames
t Business update: Visionary or looney? Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg on  ...
e Pulp Fiction stars, director reunite at Cannes
e Dolly Parton vows not to play too many slow songs at Glastonbury because  ...
t General Motors to recall 1.5 mn vehicles to fix electric power steering issue
b S&P 500 closes above 2000; markets rise to new record
b One of American Apparel's Biggest Shareholders Sells Most of Stake
t ICO to investigate Facebook over experiment
t Facebook Will Build Drones and Satellites to Beam Internet Around the World
b Fewer in US lack health insurance, but issues remain: poll
t LG first to offer OLED ultra-high-definition TVs
b Biz Break: SanDisk 'steal' nets Fusion-IO for $1.1 billion; Tesla roars higher
e Has Motherhood Changed Halle Berry's Career?
e 'The Bachelorette': Andi Dorfman, Josh Murray
e With Lightning Speed, CBS Chooses The 'Real' Stephen Colbert As 'Late Show  ...
e Home»News»Entertainment»Swiss museum says it was named 'sole heir' to  ...
m Boil water alert for all Portland water customers
e Batman: Arkham Knight release date slips to 2015
e Garth Brooks fans camped for dream tickets... now they're out in cold again
t Apple sales knocked the quarter 'out of the park'
e The Black Keys find some breathing room on Turn Blue
t iOS 7.1.1 update now available for download; brings Touch ID fixes and more
e 'Star Wars: Episode VII': Peter Mayhew's in?
t Windows XP users infuriated by pop-ups ahead of end of support
b What No One Wants to Admit About Social Security Taxes
m Dean Kamen's “Luke Arm,” World's Most Advanced Prosthesis, Receives FDA  ...
t 'Pure joy' - Burger King Baby finds birth mom
m Relay for Life in Vacaville in June
b SEC smacks down two more Bitcoin sites
b FTC wants law to force disclosures by data brokers
e Home»News»Entertainment»Michael Keaton draws on superhero experience  ...
b ECB Unites With BOE in Call to Ease Asset-Backed Bond Rules
e Lucasfilm Officially Details Plans for The New Expanded Universe; Announces…
b US stock futures moderate losses after jobless claims drop
e 'Seinfeld's' First Season Would've Still Beaten Today's Top Show
t UN climate goal feasible but energy reform vital
m Medical marijuana sponsor gives nod to Gov. Quinn
b Citigroup Tumbles on Fed Rejection
b Edward Niedermeyer: Tesla can topple the auto dealers' monopoly
t Inbox zero: Mailbox for Android is out
t Foxconn to take on 100 THOUSAND workers prior to iPhone 6 launch
b Twitter Appoints Goldmans Anothony Noto as CFO
b Where to Find Replacements After Zebra Tech's Acquisition of Motorola Solutions?
e Meet the future Mrs. Clooney
b California drought forces salmon to migrate by truck
t GM Recalls Frustrate Customers, Challenge Automaker
t Hurry! Google Glass is Available to the Public Today Only
t Google Chromecast to hit UK stores tomorrow
e Tissues, counselors help ease pain at 9/11 museum opening
e Rob Kardashian photographed smoking marijuana, drinking Sizzurp
t Amateur radio hams to demonstrate operations at Field Day event June 28-29
t Out of the 250 New Emojis You Can Use on Your Phone, There's One Glaring  ...
e 'Venom' and 'Sinister Six' Coming Before 'Amazing Spider-Man 4′
b Family Dollar to keep Matthews HQ for 'foreseeable future'
b BMW to invest $1 bn in Mexico plant
m Labor Dept. cuts levels of allowable coal dust in effort to reduce black lung disease
m Report: Christian Doctor Skips Experimental Ebola Treatment so Missionary Can  ...
t SIM Free Sony Xperia Z2 Lands In The UK 9th May
t Protect yourself from 'Heartbleed'
e Orlando Bloom still feels "a deep love" for Miranda Kerr
e WWE News: WWE Executive Comes Out Of Closet On 'Legends' House'
m West Nile Virus Found In NYC Mosquitos
m PetSmart to stop selling Chinese-made pet treats
m Drug-resistant malaria has spread to critical border regions of South-east Asia
t Google launches same-day shopping service
m Low-carb, vegan diet may reduce risk for heart disease
m Jail for dad who overdosed at Ohio McDonald's play area
t Windows XP holdouts: Meet the diehard faithful who refuse to move on
b Fed Seen Adopting Qualitative Rate Guidance as Job Market Gains
e Lions Gate Partners Alibaba for Streaming Services in China
t Europe's order to mute Google gets slammed in U.S.
e The Voice Top 3 Recap: They Came in Like a Wrecking Ball ...
t Google preps mobile YouTube management app for creators
e Miley Cyrus to cover Beatles song
b 500 arrested after protest in Hong Kong
b Procter & Gamble: Why Its Beat Doesn't Matter
b Twitter Q2 Earnings Get Kick from FIFA, TWTR Up 30% - Analyst Blog
b Wary investors turn from tech stocks again
e Vanessa Paradis reveals she often feels nostalgic about the past and opens up  ...
t MIT to give away bitcoins to every student in bid to set up cryptocurrency zone
b Trader Spends $13 Million Betting VIX Index Will Surge 56% (1)
b Stocks Close In The Green After A Volatile Up-And-Down Day
t Portland City Council Approves Google Fiber's Franchise Agreement
b Citigroup to pay $7 billion in subprime mortgage inquiry
t ​Yahoo updates methodology in new transparency report
e The Amazing Spider-Man 2 Review - Swinging through the streets of Manhattan  ...
e Sir Paul Mccartney - Paul Mccartney Helps Man Propose To Girlfriend At Concert
t Ford lowers mileage ratings on hybrid cars for a second time
m 8 ways to boost your memory
e Jagger posts tribute to L'Wren Scott
e Benzino Gives First Interview From Hospital After Being Shot (VIDEO)
b European mkt may consolidate, slide ahead of ECB meet: NAB
e Kendall and Kylie Jenner Hosted the 2014 MuchMusic Video Awards in Toronto
b U.S. Producer Prices Fall 0.2%
b Sprint, T-Mobile reportedly near accord on merger terms
m Spread of polio now a world health emergency: UN
e 'Chelsea Lately' to end its seven-year run
t Samsung announces the Galaxy Tab S series in two sizes
m Fist bumps spread less germs than handshakes
t New iPad Apps and Games of the Week: Stronghold 3, Deadpool Pinball and More
e 'Muppets Most Wanted' Finds Film's Stars In Selfies, Plus Interview With Ricky  ...
e Guys, stop leching over Scarlett Johansson
b UPDATE 2-Italy's UniCredit posts record $19 bln loss after writedowns
b Italian Yields Decline to Records Amid Hunt for ECB Policy Hints
b Wall Street opens higher, S&P set for third straight advance
b Forex - NZD/USD edges lower, eyes on Yellen testimony
m MDxHealth Licensee Exact Sciences Receives FDA Panel Recommendation for  ...
b Adobe To Report Earnings Today; Investors To Look For Growth In Cloud  ...
b Caterpillar Sells 50-Year Bonds
b China manufacturing expansion quickens to fastest pace this year
e Japanese pop singers attacked by saw-wielding man
e Faith events in and around Columbia, April 19 and beyond
t From PC to A/C: Google envisions a connected home with ads
m Opioid Use For Chronic Pain Greater Among Vets, Whether They Need It Or Not
b Disarray in eastern Ukraine as protest is attacked, mayor is shot
b Allergan, Inc. (NYSE:AGN) Employs Poison Pill To Prevent Hostile Bid
b Shire to defend £27bn AbbVie bid
e Mother and girlfriend of singer Chris Brown shows up somber at Washington  ...
t Amazons App Store Triples to 240000 Apps
t SpaceX Dragon returns to Earth from space station - KTVN Channel 2 - Reno  ...
e Kanye West Reportedly Booed On Stage At London's Wireless Festival After 10+  ...
b Whole Foods to anchor Market Square project
b Siemens, Mitsubishi make case for deal to rival GE - New Jersey Herald
m Polio declared a global health emergency: "Every country is at risk"
t Ex-Microsoft Worker Accused of Leaking Trade Secrets
e Josh Elliott Leaving 'Good Morning America' For NBC; Amy Robach Replacing Him
e The ludicrous lingo of HBO's 'Silicon Valley'
b UK plans one-pound coin
e Lady Gaga - Lady Gaga And Tony Bennett Celebrate Collaboration With Concert
b VMware Sees Unusually Large Options Volume (VMW)
m Gallup ranks best and worst cities for well-being
e The true meaning of Easter
m MADIT-CRT: CRT-D linked to long-term survival benefit in patients with LBBB
b S&P 500 index tops 2000 for first time as stocks rally
b Apex court rejects Subrata Roy's plea for house arrest
m Sitting Too Much Linked to Risk for Certain Cancers
e Kim Kardashian shows off toned tummy in sexy bikini selfies as she enjoys  ...
e Rapper with Wu-Tang Clan severs own penis, jumps off balcony - ABC-7.com  ...
b US markets finish flat in lacklustre trade
b US April New Home Sales Up 6.4% to 433000
b AG Schneiderman Calls for New Efforts to Eliminate Unfair Advantage...
b Wal-Mart launches cut-rate money-transfer program
e 'Stations of the Cross' held on Good Friday
b US stock futures rise after retail sales increase
b MORICI: Where to invest with stocks trading at near-record highs
e Ann B. Davis of 'Brady Bunch' fame dead at 88
b U.S. Stocks Rally After Retail Sales, Citigroup Earnings
e Ray J Offers Kim Kardashian And Kanye West Sex Tape Profits As Wedding Gift
e Police officer claims Tupac's final words were 'fuck you'
e Transsexual Drops Huge Bombshell That She Had an Affair With Kendra  ...
m VIRAL VIDEO: Topless woman ransacks McDonald's in Pinellas Park; tries to lick  ...
e Khloe Kardashian, Kendall Jenner Hobnob With Valentino At Kim's Wedding  ...
t UN climate goal feasible but energy reform vital: IPCC
b The Odds Are Never In Our Favor and High Frequency Trading
e 'Transformers: Age of Extinction' scores big midnight box office haul
e Katie Hopkins slammed for failing to acknowledge tragic death of Peaches  ...
e Juan Pablo Galavis' Video Tribute to Ex-Girlfirend Carla Surfaces
b Not Every High-Frequency Trader Is Predatory, Levitt Says
t Clues of planets that might support life proven false
b Stocks rise on Yellen's view
b Key Southern California interstate closed in both directions after steel beams fall  ...
b Asian shares shrug off losses but Nikkei slumps
e Beyonce, Jay Z Announce Concert Tour Starting in Miami
b Fiat gets its India house in order, ready for takeoff
e Zac Efron attacked in downtown LA
t Google Chromecast Headed To More Countries Soon
t Chrysler: 2015 Ram ProMaster City offers best-in-class power, fuel economy
b New Home Sales Hit Six-Year High in May
t Microsoft to launch Xperia C3 competitor, Stephan Elop shows off first Nokia  ...
e James Franco Explains His Odd Instagram Presence
b PG&E pleads not guilty in San Bruno pipeline blast
e 'The View': The Truth About The Show Getting Canceled
m Colon cancer rates down since 1980s
t Gulf scientists surprised to find giant isopods cohabitating with goblin shark
b Market Intel: Intermediate T-Notes Moving
e VMAs 2014: Beyonce Performs New Album Medley, Accepts Video Vanguard  ...
t We're all Facebook's lab-rats
e Chris Brown may face another 'Con Air' trip after trial delay
b The Fed: Still Squelching Market Volatility
m Heroic: American Doc Sick with Ebola Gives Away Serum
t Facebook defends secretly manipulating users
m Unemployment common after breast cancer treatment
e Penny Dreadful Cast Dazzles at the NYC Red Carpet Premiere Party (PHOTOS)
b EBay to Take $3 Billion Tax Charge
e Kim Kardashian snubbed by president
t Samsung set to unveil watch-phone next month
b Oil Falls as China Signals Demand Concerns
e Jimmy Fallon impersonates Bill Cosby to his face
t How Heartbleed stirred up unease in our easy online lives
b Australia Investigating Possible Debris From Missing Malaysia Jetliner
e Video: Solange Attacks Jay Z In The Standard High Line Elevator
t Apple, IBM form business apps partnership
b Survey: Number Of Uninsured Americans Hits New Low
m New studies show 'young blood' reverses aging effects in older mice
m Long-Term Resynchronization Therapy Shows Survival Benefits
t The world's largest ever bird revealed: 'Condor' with a 24-FOOT wingspan  ...
t Samsung to Release Galaxy Tab S in 8.4 and 10.5-inch Variants with 2560 x  ...
t Oceana's recommendations
b Kremlin: Gas flow to China starts at 1.3 trillion cubic feet per year
t Moped rider injured
e The Hunger Games: Catching Fire sweeps MTV Movie Awards
t Sony PlayStation to go on sale in China after ban on video game consoles is lifted
t Security a challenge in post-Internet world
t Google Hires Marketing Vet Ivy Ross To Lead Glass
m Officials: 1.8M pounds of ground beef recalled
e Chelsea Handler's Talk Show Will End In August
e LIVE CHAT: Disney Week on 'Dancing With The Stars,' 8 pm ET
t Why the Surface Pro 3 just killed Windows RT
m Congo Confirms Ebola Outbreak, Two Dead
e SiriusXM Fires 'Opie and Anthony' Host Anthony Cumia Over Racist Remarks
e Harrison Ford could miss eight weeks of Star Wars filming
b How Taco Bell's breakfast items stack up against its competitors'
e palm sunday and holy week services
t New Gully on Mars: NASA
b Jefferies, GE Capital Commit Financing to Golden Gate Capital in Red Lobster  ...
e Bombshell Fitness Congratulates Client Nia Sanchez — First-Ever Miss USA  ...
b AmEx Profit Rises 12% as Customer Spending Increases
b Information on GM's recall of 2.6 million small cars for defective ignition switches
e Angry Birds: Transformers Officially Announced
e Watch: New 'Jupiter Ascending' Trailer with Channing Tatum and Mila Kunis
t Moto E branding confirmed in leaked import database
e Kaley Cuoco's life changed after dating Superman
b Grieving borrowers told to repay student loans
t U.S.-Germany World Cup rivalry hits space station
b Follow the leader; Central banks – RBS
m Making Sense of Dietary Oils and Fats
e Bill Murray crashes bachelor party, gives inspiring love speech
b Euro falls below $1.36 as ECB action seems likely
t NVIDIA launches world's first high-speed GPU interconnect
b Uninsured Rate Drops More In States That Expanded Medicaid, Run Own  ...
t Galaxy Tab S tablet announced
b ECB reveals further details of targeted longer-term refinancing operations
e pop group AKB48 cancels events after attack
e Exclusive Interview: Billy Bob Thornton on 'Fargo'
e FROZEN's Anna, Olaf & More Also Heading to ONCE UPON A TIME?
e Miley Cyrus Honors Late Dog, Gets New Tattoo
b Euro Falls Further On Easing Speculation
b State Announces Settlement with Sun Trust Mortgage
e 5 years after popstar's death, Jackson's fortune still grows
t NHTSA to require rear-view cameras on all vehicles
b General Motors to ask bankruptcy court to shield it from ignition claims before  ...
e Um, you're not going to believe Sean Penn's incredible Charlize-inspired  ...
t Driverless cars on the road by 2017?
e Cloud hangs over broadcasters as US court weighs Aereo case
e 'Mad Men' season 7, episode 1 preview: Finding clues in new trailer
b GE first-quarter net falls, but industrial profits rise 12 percent
t Google gets take-down requests after European court establishes 'right to be  ...
b Sector Update: Consumer
e Jenny McCarthy to marry soon
t Spec standoff: Samsung Tab S 10.5 vs. Sony Xperia Z2 Tablet
e Bachelorette Andi Dorfman Responds to Nick Viall's Bedroom Confession
b Major Averages Close Firmly Negative But Off Worst Levels
t Ford Adding 300 Ohio Jobs
t Twitter extends its reach with advertising inside apps
e Transformers on mission to dominate box office
t Did Fox News Just Get Trolled Via the Bioshock Infinite Logo?
b Pound to Australian Dollar (GBP/AUD) Exchange Rate Climbs after RBA  ...
t Apple and IBM promo
e Who Is Going Home On American Idol Tonight? 3/27/2014
b Michaels confirms breach of as many as 2.6M cards
m Johnson County named healthiest in Kansas for second straight year
b Vietnam Riots Attack Chinese Companies, Prime Minister Calls For Peaceful  ...
b Target hires PepsiCo exec Cornell as chairman, CEO as it works to recover
b Virgin America files for IPO as US airlines recover-Reuters
b International Monetary Fund Chief Being Investigated in Fraud Case
e 'Orange Is The New Black' Real Life Vs. The Series: 7 Things That Didn't Actually  ...
e Madonna Has a Hairy New Look
b No debris found at spot shown on satellite images
e Strangers meet, make-out on video, and the results are awkward
e Kim and Kanye Treating Wedding Guests to Private Versailles Tour
t Schools Could Be on Internet 'Slow Track' Under Proposed FCC Rules
e Your Week in Music: Weird Al's new music will turn fans into ac - WNEM TV 5
e Relay for Life
b Gold futures set for first monthly drop in three months on Fed stimulus outlook
t At Google I/O, search giant bets on wearables
b Abbott, Abe announce trade partnership
b Disney grasp 5.5b monthly YouTube views with Maker buy
t High time for a soft top
t Starbucks to roll wireless charging mats out to all US stores
b La Quinta Rises in First Day on NYSE
b Obama to nominate Bob McDonald to lead Veterans Affairs department
m CDC wants drowsy people to hit the sack not go behind the wheel
e Watch The Trailer For 'Very Good Girls,' This Summer's Coming-Of-Age  ...
b Pandora One subscription fees will soon increase
b Takeda, Eli Lilly hit with $9 billion penalty over cancer-linked diabetes drug
e Katy Perry Gushes Over Eminem's Heartfelt Apology To Mother In 'Headlights  ...
e Joe Manganiello Takes Over the Action Genre in Sabotage with Arnold  ...
e Dolly Parton celebrates 100 million album sales with surprise award at  ...
e Video: Dave Chappelle Tells A Very "Dope" Story About Meeting Kanye West
m States look to naloxone to cure America's overdose epidemic
t Top Tech Acquisitions of 2014… So Far
t Bicep2 will allow us to work out how hot the big bang was
m More Than Half a Million Kids Still Getting Codeine During ER Visits
t Microsoft says it has not violated law
b He's lovin it: Ronald McDonald gets a new look
e Pottermore update: We put celebrities in their Hogwarts houses - guess where  ...
b High court backs EPA
m Children of Gay Parents Healthier and Happier Than Average Despite Stigma  ...
e Charlie Brown, Snoopy back in Peanuts 3D movie
e 2014 Met Gala: Gabrielle Union Shows Off Her Fringe Appeal In Prada (PHOTOS)
e Beyonce & Jay Z Announce Tour
t Nordstrom Features Models with Disabilities In Heartwarming July Issue
b IMF: Canada's Economy At Risk From Debt, Housing Market
e 'Anti-gay' Benham brothers respond to HGTV dropping 'Flip It Forward'
t 'Flying saucer' test vehicle, parachute recovered
e On the Run Tour With Beyonce And JAY Z Coming To AT&T Park!
e Jimmy Scott, jazzman with ethereal voice, dies - WFSB 3 Connecticut
e MTV VMAs a big hit on Facebook
t WATCH: Bungie's Breathtakingly Gorgeous New Destiny Trailer
e Sean Combs returns to 'Puff Daddy' for new album
e A-list actors distract moviegoers
e Beyonce & Jay Z's On The Run Tour Set List - See It Here!
e Jenny McCarthy & Sherri Shepherd Hang Out After 'View' Exits Announced - See  ...
t Spring or not, it's time to get cleaning
t Computer Weekly – 22 April 2014: Adapting to life after Heartbleed
t Iran judge summons Mark Zuckerberg to court
b Agricultural Bank profits rise 15%
e Eli Wallach dead at 98 after 60 years in movies like 'Wall Street'; survived by wife  ...
e Miley Cyrus 'Devastated' at Cancelling Tour Dates After Hospitalisation
e Doctor Who: Radio Times BAFTA Audience Award a "really special moment for  ...
e Get to know 'Real Housewives of New York City' star Kristen Taekman
e So let's talk about Captain America and Black Widow...
e Evaluating Weird Al's Rules of Usage in His New “Word Crimes” Video
e Paul McCartney Reportedly Hospitalized Following Viral Infection
e Eli Wallach, veteran character actor dies at 98 from natural causes
b Twitter appoints Anthony Noto as its new CFO
m Health ministers in West Africa over Ebola virus
b Dollar Tree to buy peer Family Dollar stores
e Benzino's Nephew Arrested After Shooting The Rapper During His Mother's  ...
e 'Weird Al' Yankovic Says Pharrell 'Could Not Have Been Nicer' About 'Tacky  ...
b Rupert Murdoch Criticizes Self-Serving Politicians
t Fancy freebies: Tycoon to treat homeless to lunch
e Keeping up with the Kardashians - Ray J Offers Unique Wedding Gift to Kim K  ...
t High-Definition Camera Offers Glimpse into Lives of Arctic Snowy Owls
m Ebola: Facing down fear to save lives in Guinea
t Microsoft issues warning about Internet Explorer browser security gap
e Pharrell talks about his girls-only gym, being 40, and his views on the cosmos
b French Officials Twist US Arms in Bank Inquiry
e Guardians of the Galaxy Review: Out of This World!
b Kraft Foods Group, Inc., Recalls Approximately 96000 Pounds of Oscar Mayer  ...
t Microsoft to announce Surface Mini on May 20?
e A lot of action for actors in 'Transformers'
t Security: It's a Team Game
e Music Review: Led Zeppelin reissues of landmark first 3 albums offer meager  ...
t As Nike Downsizes Digital Division, Data Shows It Trailing Fitbit, Jawbone
e Veteran actress Valerie Harper says she is cancer-free
t New allegations surface over GM ignition recall
b Murdoch son back in fray
t Everything you need to know about Samsung's Gear 2 and Gear 2 Neo  ...
b Virtu Financial, the high-frequency trader who had just 1 day of trading losses in  ...
m Families, friends of Port St. Lucie fight cancer through Relay For Life
b Passengers 'occupy' Hong Kong Airlines flight for over 15 hours, appeal to  ...
t Netflix Singles Out Comcast In Call For Stronger Net Neutrality
m Ebola outbreak could eventually exceed 20000 cases: WHO
b JD.com prices IPO above expectations
b 6 tweets about @Twitter's new CFO
e The Fault in Our Stars Film Adaptation Honored with Heartland Film's Truly  ...
b New Mexico Jobless Rate Rises
m Why Shares of WellCare Health Plans, Inc. Jumped
e X-MEN Director Bryan Singer Accused of Sexually Abusing Teenage Boy 15  ...
m Male infertility linked to 'high death risk'
e Mara Wilson Shoots Down Mrs. Doubtfire 2 On Twitter
t Dwarf planet discovered beyond Pluto
b Rate hike could come six months after QE ends, says Yellen
t New Office for Mac will be based on Office for iPad code
b John Cena as WWE Champion Is Best for Business with Daniel Bryan Injured
b Forward Guidance: What to Watch at This Week's Fed Meeting
b Morgan Stanley defies Wall Street's equities slump
e Dark delights
t Short Takes: July 18, 2014
b Economy shrank at 2.9 percent rate in 1st quarter
e Henry Matisse: The Cut-Outs at Tate Modern
e Will Ferrell Drum Battles Chad Smith on Jimmy Fallon
e Everything You Need to Know About Jessica Simpson and Eric Johnson's  ...
b EU Places 15 New Names on Sanctions List Over Ukraine
e 'Godzilla' dominates opening weekend at the box office
e Zara pulls shirt design after customers complain of Holocaust connection
e Miley Cyrus - Miley Cyrus not 'ready' for another dog
m Surgery planned for girl who was attacked by raccoon as a baby
e Miss Piggy and Kermit the Frog parody Kim and Kanye's 'Vogue' magazine cover
e Britney Spears is being sued for allegedly breaking a dancer's nose. Ouch
b Twitter Earnings: $132 Million Loss, $250 Million In Revenue, 255 Million Users
e Tupac Musical to Close Sunday
m Lack of smell and excess protein in eyes may indicate development of Alzheimer's
e L'Wren Scott dead: Rolling Stones will resume tour in October after cancelling to  ...
t Iceland issues red alert as subglacial volcanic eruption begins
e Miranda Lambert Wins At Country Music Alarms
b ECB's Draghi: TLTRO maximum takeup expected at 1 trillion euros
b CoOportunity Health opens board nominations
m Sebelius resigns; Obama Names OMB Chief Burwell to Head HHS
m Ebola death toll reaches 467 in West Africa
m Screenings Slash Colon Cancer Rate 30% in a Decade
t Android Auto Brings The Power Of Google To Your Car
b Capsules: Single-Payer advocates hit capitol with new sense of reality  ...
t EMC heads back to the high-stakes software table
e Here are the BET Award winners
e 'Life Itself' Review: Roger Ebert Doc Rates a Thumbs-Up (Video)
e Circus Accident Highlights The Dangerous, Secretive World Of Hair Hanging
b Aastrom Biosciences Added to Russell Microcap Index
b Deutsche Bank Q2 Profit Drops
m Medical marijuana may treat MS symptoms, ineffective for other brain disorders
b Billionaire's ex-wife awarded record-breaking $4.8 billion in divorce battle
e Review: Extant and New NBC Summer Comedies
b JPMorgan CEO Dimon says he will get treatment for throat cancer
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West cover Vogue magazine
e Gabriel García Márquez: Conjurer of magic realism dies at 87
e Miley Cyrus Adds To Tattoo Collection With 'Sad Kitty' Inking On Her Inner Lip  ...
b The Future of the Murdoch Media Empire
e Former NCAA Gymnast Becomes 1st Woman to Finish 'American Ninja Warrior  ...
t Facebook gives advertisers more access to your information
e Jewish families start celebration of Passover
e People Magazine's Worlds Most Beautiful People 2014
e Stanly residents share memories of Mickey Rooney
t China launches anti-monopoly investigation into Microsoft
e Frank Grillo: The Purge: Anarchy 'not a sequel'
t Honest carbon tax is our best bet
e 6 Potato Salad Recipes Perfect for Summer Picnics
m Dr. Oz slammed by Senate for weight loss scams
e The Voice: Blake Shelton to sing My Eyes from best-selling album Based on a  ...
e McHale's Navy and General Hospital star Bob Hastings dies at age 89
e Nicki Minaj Instagram VMAs Wardrobe Malfunction PHOTO: 'Pills N Potions  ...
t World's first phone that can take 50MP pictures
b UK July Manufacturing Growth Slows; Trails Expectations
b Rolls-Royce to return 1 bln pounds to investors, shares jump
e Wiz Khalifa Gets Arrested For Weed But Pulls Off A Miracle!
e First Look At Henry Cavill As Superman In 'Batman V Superman: Dawn of Justice'
b Economy to gain momentum, to grow 4.9% this year: OECD
b Despite Yahoo's Core Business Being Valued At Less Than Nothing Marissa  ...
m New drug doubles time to breast cancer tumor growth in trial
b PG&E charged with obstruction over pipeline blast
t Photos: Your First Supermoon Of The Summer
t 'Watch Dogs' to launch tomorrow
t EDITORIAL: Climate change has arrived
m Guinea: Ebola death toll reaches 70
m Caffeine affects boys and girls differently after puberty, study finds
e Pratt stars at track in role as honorary Hoosier
e Game of Thrones stars do their own 'shipping
t Nike: No patience for Wearables Market, Ditches Nike+FuelBand SE
t Apple Releases New 8GB iPhone 5c Internationally, U.S. Launch Uncertain
e Kelly Clarkson Welcomes Baby Girl With Husband Brandon Blackstock!
e Casey Kasem mourned, remembered as 'America's voice'
e Johnny Depp Opens Up On Amber Heard Romance: 'It Feels Right'
m Boehringer, InterMune wow IPF field with a slate of groundbreaking trial data
t Google May Get Into Wi-Fi And Cellphone Services
t Iranian judge summons Zuckerberg
e New York Post: Rolling Stones bandmates worried about Jagger
e Review and trailer: Tammy (15). McCarthy's schtick is wearing thin
t Samsung Announces Accessories for the Galaxy Tab S 8.4 and 10.5
b BofA's Financial-Crisis Costs Become a Recurring Nightmare
b Another McDonald's in Russia closes in food standards probe
e Selena Gomez cuts ties with 'toxic' Jenner girls
m Heart Failure Patients Live Longer With Advanced Defibrillators
e Court to hear dispute over Internet TV broadcast
t Google Says All Devices Fair Game for Ads, Including Thermostats
t Microsoft to Cut 18000 Jobs Over the Next Year
b Michael's Shares Ends Flat in Trading Debut
b AT&T + DirectTV—An Acquisition On The Horizon (SatBroadcasting™—Business)
t Microsoft + Wearables
t Facebook's 'Nearby Friends' Feature Now Lets You Stalk Your Online Pals In  ...
e De Niro opens up about his gay father
t First traces of alien life within next 20 years, NASA says
t White House Orders Agencies to Develop National Strategy on Pollinator Health
e Mick Jagger planned to shift into $6mln NYC house with girlfriend L'Wren Scott
e $2M for draft of Dylan hit
b Gov. Corbett Involved In Discussions To Head Off SEPTA Regional Rail Strike
e 'Godzilla 2' officially in the works
e New Full Length Maleficent Trailer Featuring Angelina Jolie Is Out!
b European stocks close on upbeat note
t iOS Gains US Market Share, Android Stays Flat, BlackBerry Declines [Chart]
b Consumer borrowing up $16.5B in February
b Pentagon sees no signs of Russia military drills despite buildup
b Gold Prices Lose $1300 Today After Yellen Remarks
e Justin Bieber Dirty Dances With Selena Gomez
t Surface Pro 3 Debuts from Microsoft, Surface Mini is a No-Show
t General Motors expands their recall list
e Japanese Pop Group AKB48 Attacked by Saw-Wielding Man at Fan Event
b M&M opens US factory
e Exclusive: Astro Details His First Film Role, Earth To Echo [Photos]
b Russian forces massed near Ukraine heading to home bases, Putin says
e Jeff Bader's First Big Test: Fixing NBC's Thursday Night
t Tim Cook Narrates Apple Ad on Saving the Planet
m Communities Waiting for Medical Marijuana Process to Move Forward
t Amazon readies set-top launch; denies free streaming service plans
t YouTube reportedly in talks to buy video game streaming service Twitch for $1bn
b ASML Q1 Profit Soars, Sales In Line With Outlook - Quick Facts
m Management of low-risk prostate cancer varied greatly by physician
e Sean Lowe to Andi Dorfman: Josh Murray is NOT Your Soul Mate!
e PaleyFest: 'Lost' Creators Still Keeping …
b Trial set for 8 in protest at Procter & Gamble
e Miley Cyrus called Jennifer Lawrence a liar, said puking story 'never happened'
e GALLERY: These pictures of Benedict Cumberbatch looking like a normal dad  ...
e Freddie Prinze Jr. Says He Quit Acting Because Kiefer Sutherland Is A Douchebag
m UK judge: IRA fugitive letters flawed, not illegal
b Gold heads for biggest gain in 4-weeks on jet crash reports
e Miranda Lambert's 'Platinum' shines
m Blogger says “Shape” didn't want to show her “real” weight loss picture
e Firms says long-term financial prospects for L'Wren Scott's company were  ...
b A blow to the West? China and Russia ink huge gas deal
e Personal Tragedy for Mick Jagger Could Potentially Cost Rolling Stones and  ...
b Interest rates rise for student loans
b Alibaba growth fuels surge in Yahoo shares
m Brain changes in autism likely start in the womb
b UPDATE 1-Macquarie to take full control of US liquids storage provider
e 'Bears' movie review: This True-Life Adventure is thrilling for the whole family
b Debt Talks Fail, Sending Argentina Back Into Default For 2nd Time In 13 Years
b Amazon.com Price Target Raised to $425.00 at Cantor Fitzgerald (AMZN)
b McDonald's Offers Free Coffee For 2 Weeks in Breakfast Wars Vs. Taco Bell
e Tori Spelling, Dean McDermott and celebrity cheating scandals
e Slime Flies at Kids' Choice Awards
e LADY GAGA AND TONY BENNETT REUNITE FOR 'ANYTHING GOES'
b China blames US for stoking South China Sea tensions
e 'Mad Men' Review: Man Vs. Machine In 'The Monolith'
b Wheat Leads Corn Higher, Soybeans Slip to Start Wednesday
b Eddy Cue: It's 'Complicated' Solving Problems With TV
e Surfing and Sailing Pioneer Dead At 80
e So Long, Casey Kasem, and Thanks for All the Hits
t Samsung Galaxy S4 Deals on Amazon – Unlocked Phones Now Cost Less than  ...
e 'Fargo' Series Premiere Brings In Disappointing Ratings
t Heartbleed Shows the Web Is Getting More Secure
t Deep Decarbonization Pathway laid out for UN Climate Summit in September
b Omnicom, Twitter Sign $230 Mln Mobile Ad Deal
e ABC renews Marvel's Agents of SHIELD for second season, orders Agent Carter
e Miley Cyrus gets dog tattoo
t Google restores news links
e Russian Jews Begin Passover Celebrations
b Stocks To Watch For March 20, 2014
b US producer prices fall, underscoring dormant inflation pressure
b The word is bonds, treasury bonds, and you should watch them carefully
b EIA Slashes Monterey Shale Recoverable Oil Estimate By 96%
b Missing Malaysian Flight MH370 Q&A: As the lawyers move in, how much  ...
e Win two tickets to Miley Cyrus' Bangerz Tour in New Jersey
e Pharrell Williams Cries On 'Oprah Prime': Watch
e Lana Del Rey to sing Young and Beautiful at Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's  ...
m New Alzheimer's Blood Test Would Drive Future of Senior Care
e Interest in OTT Heats Up
e Paul Walker's brothers to fill in for late actor in 'Fast & Furious 7'
e Pharrell to Join "The Voice" as Coach for Season Seven
e Executive Producer of The View talks about working with Barbara Walters
e Minaj tells BET Awards crowd she was recently near death
t AT&T, Sprint HTC One M8 (2014) Released; T-Mobile to Follow
m Jill Kelly Talks About Jim's Fight
m Johnson and Johnson Recalls Ethicon Morcellators
b Business Highlights
m Possibly Tainted Beef Shipped To Connecticut Whole Foods Distribution Center
b After WPP, Omnicom signs strategic deal with Twitter
e Brad Pitt Tosses Beer To Matthew McConaughey Off A Balcony [VIDEO]
m Decline in teen births despite mediocre contraceptive use
e Gwyneth Paltrow, Chris Martin to separate
e The Voice (Video) – Season 6 “Live Finale” – RECAP
t Microsoft Accepted PR Backlash to Protect IP in Kibkalo Leak
e Security guard in critical condition after disturbance at Ultra Festival
t Democracy Now! 2014-04-25 Friday
e Former 'Bachelor' star Juan Pablo Galavis will not be watching Andi Dorfman's  ...
e The Walking Dead Promotes Three To Series Regulars
e Radio legend Casey Kasem, 82, has passed away
b Facebook outpacing Twitter
m Report: Foodborne Illnesses More Likely To Come From Restaurants
e Tom Cruise is rumored to be secretly dating Laura Prepon, again
t LG Optimus G To Receive Android 4.4.2 KitKat This Summer
t Life after Heartbleed: 'The Internet will never be 100% safe'
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Wedding Update: Kim Wants to be Wed in $2M  ...
m Found: Cancer's deadly 'mother cells' that if killed, could wipe out the disease
t Apple, IBM Will Woo Enterprises: Mobile Bombshell
t Amazing NASA video shows the sun erupting in unprecedented detail
t Amazon Appstore Selection Nearly Triples Year-Over-Year
e Rock and Roll Hall of Fame honours Nirvana, Kiss, Peter Gabriel, Hall & Oates
t Check 60FPS YouTube videos with Stats for Nerds
m Colon Cancer Screening May Be Worthwhile In Previously Unscreened Elderly
b Insurance premium hikes from Obamacare will not be as severe as predicted: CBO
m REGIONAL: Confirmed whooping cough case in Mendocino County
e Paul Stanley and Ace Frehley Continue Arguing Over Anti-Semitic Allegations
b Oil prices down on easing Middle East supply concerns
m Posey's home run caps Giant rally in 9-8 victory
t US Government Suggests that You Switch from Internet Explorer
e Jada Pinkett Smith Explains Why She and Will Smith Don't Have Marriage Rules
e No spring in the step of 'The November Man'
t Ford Does Donuts All Over The Lawn Of Cadillac's Obnoxious Rich Jerk  ...
e NBC's 'The Voice': Adam Levine shows off new look before Monday's show
b Why Red Lobster Is a Great Catch for This Investor
e Pink Floyd Prepare New Album
b US home prices rise moderately in May
e Big Brother 2014 Cast: Joey Van Pelt Rages With Alter-Ego 'Alex'
e George Lucas Museum Coming to Chicago's Lakefront; 'I Am Humbled,' He Says
b BMW Announces $1 Billion Investment and 800 New Jobs in South Carolina
m Ebola virus reaches Guinea's capital Conakry
t Report: Windows 9 Will Have Desktop-Focused Improvements
b Investor's Watch List: Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), AT&T (NYSE:T), Sprint (NYSE:S  ...
e Review: Monsters are awesome in 'Godzilla'
b UK construction firms report brightest outlook since January 2007
e Birmingham-area taquerias offer the perfect meal for Cinco de Mayo--or any  ...
b Eric Holder: There's no such thing as 'too big to jail'
t NASA vehicle hits Pacific
e Amazon now offers free music streaming to Prime subscribers
b Nook Spin-Off Cuts Losses For Barnes & Noble
b Pilgrim's Pride offers $6.4B for Hillshire Brands
e Home News Farley Mowat, acclaimed Port Hope author, dead at...
b Hillshire To Buy Pinnacle Foods For $6.6 Billion
e All five Garth Brooks cancelled
e Kosher food business is soaring at Passover
b Dow 101: Dow breaks 17000 for first time; what is it and how does it work?
t NASA's moon-orbiting robot crashes
e Miley Cyrus Bangerz Tour 2014 Washington DC, PICTURES, VIDEO: 'Adore You  ...
e Travel: Northern Ireland plays a Game Of Thrones
e Seth Rogen's 'Neighbors' moves into 'Animal House' zone
e Amazon quietly rolls out Prime Music -- yet another streaming music service
e James Brown biopic 'Get On Up' works hard to please, and succeeds
t Newly Discovered Round-Eared Elephant-Shrew Found in Namibia
b Workers In Key Industries Get Most Pay Raises
e 12 Things We Learned About Women This Week
e Miley Cyrus cancels St. Louis concert via Twitter
t Skype: Translating you in real time
b Amazon Fire Phone: 5 Things We Like About
e Wale Speaks On Punching Twitter Heckler In The Face
b Relatives of jet's passengers struggle to cope
b Stocks: Dow and S&P 500 index close at record levels
b Treasury Bonds Turn Higher After Fed Minutes
t Police in Mich. boost seat belt enforcement
e There's One Number Every Hollywood Executive Needs to See This Summer
t Google Doodle celebrates the spring equinox
e Emmy Awards: "Breaking Bad" Takes Home Final Win
e JOE FRUGAL: FREE Ice Cream Today at Ben & Jerry's!
e Rolf Harris trial: NI woman's 'relief' after entertainer convicted
b Kroger Eyes Online, Organic Growth With Vitacost Buy
b Brent climbs toward $115, hits 9-month top on Iraq crisis
t Apple updates iTunes U with iPad tools
e Critics slam Gosling's 'Lost River' in Cannes
e Stacy Keibler Gets Married In Secret — But Not To George Clooney
t NASA's Lunar Atmosphere and Dust Environment Explorer crashes
t Samsung Galaxy S5 vs New HTC One: Which Is Better?
b AP News in Brief at 5:58 p.m. EDT
m Mosquito-Borne Disease Hits US Mainland
e Kat Perkins Makes The Voice Top 5, Survival Song 'Barracuda' Video
t 'Cosmos': President Obama Introduces the Rebooted Hit Series (Video)
t Global warming poses a threat to emperor penguins
e Watch the 'Orange is the New Black' Season 2 Trailer
e Nicki Minaj Talks Near-Death Experience During BET Awards Acceptance  ...
t Hackers Divert Sony Exec's Plane, Launch DoS Attack on PlayStation Network
e A Godzilla Sequel Is Coming, Declares Warner Bros., Quite Obviously
t FCC chairman regrets that AT&T and Verizon control the best spectrum
e Pharrell Williams Casts a Lot of Non-Marilyns in “Marilyn Monroe” Video: Watch
t Apple, With Smart-Home Rumors Flying, Leads Tech Surge
m BE AWARE: Liquid nicotine cases send calls to SC poison centers soaring
t NASA 'flying saucer': A better way to land on Mars?
m Lucky Study Participants Will Chow Down On Pills Filled With Dark Chocolate's  ...
e Final 'Divergent' Installment 'Allegiant' to Be Split into Two Films
b Friends charged over $7m insider trading
e Kendall Jenner: Underwear-Free at MuchMusic Video Awards!
b Job openings rise in January
e Drake Disses Couple Iggy Azalea and Nick Young During 'Honorable Mentions  ...
b Pandora Reports Q1 2014 Financial Results
m Shoppers beware: Honey with any added sweeteners isn't honey
e Brad Pitt Attacked At “Maleficent” Premiere
t Rajeev Suri to Head New Nokia
b Hertz Shares Jump On Report Equipment Spinoff Is Near
b Obamacare's War of Leaks
e ABC 'Dancing With the Stars' 2014 Cast and Partners: DWTS Rumors Say The  ...
b Global buyers not raising prices despite compliance: BGMEA
t Law enforcement agencies to conduct on-the-water emphasis patrols Friday and  ...
b China's economy grows up by 7.4pc in 1st Q
e Beyonce and Jay-Z Divorce: Bey Never Wanted To Marry Jay-Z and Cheating  ...
b Microsoft profit slides, tops forecasts
e Watch - Will Ferrell and Chad Smith Have Epic Drum-Off for Charity
e Angelina Jolie made honorary dame by Queen Elizabeth
m Phone app use for gay sex linked to disease risk
t British space scientist Colin Pillinger dies at 70
e Movie Review: Amazing Spider-Man 2 for Die-Hards Only
b JP Morgan's "Mr. Fix-it" is the latest departure
e Aereo Creates Site To Calm Customers
b Central banks may 'encounter a few potholes', says BoE policymaker
t FTC says T-Mobile fee was a scam
b Without Iraq's oil, prices could hit $150-$200: Pickens
b Eurozone June Inflation Stable At 0.5%
e Ariana Grande 'Breaks Free' with premiere of new single
e Leonardo DiCaprio to star in grisly grizzly Western for Inarritu
t Fruit Flies Zoom Like Fighter Jets To Escape Predators
b Danger! American Apparel, Lululemon impale
b Google Shopping Express : Same-Day-Delivery Service Now Expands To  ...
e Watch Lorde, St. Vincent, & Kim Gordon Pay Tribute To
e Fleetwood Mac Set to Embark On Fall Tour And Christine McVie Returns!
e Hello Kitty is a what?!
b GHash gains 51 percent of Bitcoin's mining power, should you worry?
t Apple aiming to announce the “smart home” at WWDC
b Ebay Beats, But Taxes Eat Up Profits - Analyst Blog
e Diane Sawyer Replaced by David Muir on ABC World News
e Paul McCartney issues statement on illness, says he'll make compete recovery
t Wet climate helped Genghis Khan conquer Asia
e Fan-funded film doesn't pay off Watch a movie trailer
t Microsoft unveils Office for iPad
e Jay Z takes Made In America music to LA
b Owning the Market Isn't As Easy as it Sounds
b White House spin on equal pay so inept, even CNN mocks Carney
b How the Dow Jones industrial average fared Tuesday
e Casey Kasem mourned, remembered as 'America's voice'
t The Heartbleed Bug Has Even Hit Android, Google Scurries To Patch Vulnerability
e Charlize Theron dazzles at Dior with Sean Penn for Paris Fashion Week
t Google Glass Coming to All U.S. Consumers April 15
e Julia Collins record-setting 'Jeopardy!' run comes to an end
b What It's Like To Use Amazon's New Phone
e Ben Affleck A Murder Suspect In 'Gone Girl' Trailer [Video]
t Review: Surface Pro 3 works as laptop, has trade-offs
e Rolling Stones Postpones AUS – NZ Tour After Mick Jagger's Girlfriend Found  ...
e Bachelorette 2014 Spoilers: The Men Strip For Andi Tonight! (PHOTOS)
m Heroin: Because It's Cheaper And Easier To Get Than Prescription Painkillers
e Maya Angelou and New York City
t Mozilla CEO "Victim Of New Facism" Says Newt Gingrich, Andrew Sullivan
b Web Storage Provider Box Unwraps $250 Million IPO
e Kim Kardashian looks at FAKE French chateau as possible wedding location
b IMF chief Christine Lagarde formally accused of negligence by French fraud  ...
e 'The Voice' 2014: Judge Blake Shelton Live Tweets Adam Levine's REAL Cell  ...
t Apple Patent Suit vs. Google Gets Second Life
b Why Earnings Season Could Be Great for Noranda Aluminum (NOR) - Tale of  ...
e Gwyneth Paltrow Under Fire For Comments About Working Moms With An 'Office  ...
b World markets soften as traders wait for Fed policy meeting results
t Gas prices in DC metro area down a penny from last week, now 1 cent below  ...
t Titanfall: Expedition DLC drops on May 15
e Two more join Star Wars Episode VII cast
t The Ticker
e Live: Billboard Awards in Las Vegas
m U.S. Surgeon General to sun worshippers: Tanned skin is damaged skin and  ...
b Europe open: Equities move lower after manufacturing reports
e Chris Hemsworth and wife bring twins home from hospital
b Japan's Dai-Ichi Life Insurance to buy US peer Protective Life for $5.7 bn
t Apple updates retina MacBook Pro range
t Google Glass: A one-day only sale
b Uncle Sam wants a piece of the bitcoin action
e Production on Disney's 'Star Wars' to be halted for 2 weeks due to Harrison Ford  ...
e SEE IT: Strangers share intimate first kisses in online film
t Feds Investigate Fiat Chrysler for Ignition Switch Problems
e The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back  ...
m Ebola death toll in West Africa surpasses 700
m Report ranks United States health care system last out of 11 developed countries
m Don't Waste Your Money: Are all C-sections really necessary?
t ASUS teasing the Next Incredible “Thin” Thing for Computex 2014 [VIDEO]
e Brody Jenner Reveals Kim Kardashian Kissed Her Stepbrother
e Game of Thrones: Season 4 finale director on absence of fan favorite
e Noah: Director uses graphic effects to tell biblical story
e A Bikini Clad Hilary Duff Gets Rubbed Down By A MEGA Hottie In Her Chasing  ...
m Too fat, too sluggish, too soon to die
b IMF wraps up talks on aid for Ukraine: source
e MTV Movie Awards 2014 Best Dressed: Mila Kunis, Rihanna, Rita Ora, Debby  ...
e “Frozen” roundup: Musical before sequel, how it got here and a “Thriller” mashup
t E-Commerce Gets Social: Facebook Is Testing A Buy Button In Ads And Page  ...
e The Curious Case of the Tom Cruise-Laura Prepon Dating Rumors
t 'Theftie' app to keep Lookout for smartphone thieves
t Tesla Confirms Model 3 Name for 3 Series-Fighting Sedan
m West Virginia confirms first case of mosquito-borne virus chikungunya
e Hugh Jackman has not written off cancer completely
t Why Google Stock Has a Place in Your Retirement Portfolio (GOOGL)
t IPCC released Fifth Assessment Report on climate impacts on human and  ...
t Shazam, Duolingo and several other apps head to Google Glass
t Nintendo first-quarter operating loss worse than expected, outlook unchanged
e Deal or No Deal Model Katie Cleary's Late Husband Andrew Stern's Family Says  ...
e True Blood: “I Found You”
e Selena Gomez Hires New Manager — Katy Perry, Adam Lambert Rep! — Report
t State Senate approves cell phone 'kill switch' bill
t AT&T launches new Cricket Wireless, smartphone plans start at $40 per month
t Storm denies Danger in United Bowl again
t China Raids Microsoft Offices in Anti-Monopoly Investigation
t One Reddit user said Zuck was visiting Oculus' offices a month ago - and  ...
e Need laughs? Judge's nerdy gem delivers
b Taxi Drivers Across Europe Planning Huge Protests Against Uber
b Data Breaches: A New Source Of Worries For CEO's
e NWA Movie 'Straight Outta Compton' Cast Revealed: Ice Cube's Son, Eazy-E  ...
t Google introduces Android smartwatch software
b What happened to Japan's yen-driven export boom?
e Charlie Sheen Goes Off on Rihanna After Restaurant Snub
t General disarray: GM's latest round of recalls brings total to 13.6 million since  ...
m Patient In Canada Tests Negative For Ebola Virus, But Cases In Africa Continue  ...
t AT&T explores expansion of super-fast Internet to 100 additional cities
e A class act: The day Oscar nominee Amy Adams gave up her first class seat for  ...
b Can the ECB Talk Down The EUR?
t Google to rule the streets with driverless cars
e Kardashian wedding 'could boost Irish tourism industry'
e Lady Gaga Wears Three Different Outfits For Her Birthday! Including A  ...
e Did Lana Del Rey & Boyfriend Break Up? -- BF Barrie-James O'Neill Says No  ...
b Stronger rules needed on flight paths: Malaysia Airlines official
b Taxi Companies in Maryland Sue Uber
m Saudi Arabia reports 2 more MERS coronavirus cases
b State DMV investigating possible credit card security issue
t Google's autonomous cars moving closer to reality
t LG G Watch Sold Out On Play Store, But Available In Stores Today
e Game Of Thrones: "I Am Your Son. I Have Always Been Your Son."
e Jennifer Lawrence Responds to Rumors She's Jealous of Kristen Stewart
e Johnny Depp, Wally Pfister go old-school on new tech
e Dancing With The Stars 18 Eliminated Billy Dee Williams & Emma In March 31st  ...
e Photo Flash: Cast of FOX's GOTHAM Take Flight at Comic Con 2014
e Take a peek into Johnny Depp's brain in 'Transcendence'
e UPDATED: Permission granted for just THREE of five Garth Brooks concerts in  ...
t The OnePlus One Has Launched: Snapdragon 801, 1080p, and CyanogenMod  ...
b Fight brewing between cattle rancher and federal authorities
t NASA carbon observatory finally reaches space
e The End of Beyonce and Jay Z? The Craziest Claims From the New York Post's  ...
e George Clooney, the Las Vegas hotel boss and the heated argument about  ...
e Shailene Woodley's Poop Smells Like Metal and 6 Other Fun Facts
b New home sales plummet 14.5% in March
b Wall Street worries Fed's easing will 'end badly'
e CANNES WATCH: Uma Thurman wow in psychedelic canary yellow Versace
e Stephen Colbert tips hat to David Letterman: 'Huge shoes to fill, and some really  ...
b FTSE 100 up 48.8 points due to strong data
e Roseanne Barr Mocks Kim Kardashian With Twitter Selfie
e One Direction's Louis Tomlinson & Zayn Malik caught 'smoking joint' in the back  ...
e Kanye & the Kardashians Invade Paris
e Wu-Tang Clan Rapper Cuts Off His Penis, Jumps Off Building in Alleged Suicide  ...
e French Montana Spends $100000 On Birthday Gifts For Khloe Kardashian
m New York's top court rules NYC sugary drink ban is illegal
e Why Robin Thicke's 'Get Her Back' Is The Worst Way To Get Paula Patton Back
e Juan Pablo Calls The Bachelor a "Soap Opera," Can't Wait for It to End
b Barclays Shares Soar Despite £900m of PPI Compensation
t Microsoft set for swingeing job cuts – report
t Hyundai recalling 880000 Sonatas that can roll away
b EUROPE ECONOMY-Euro zone economy stutters as ECB gears up for action
m Europe, Asia on alert as medical group says Ebola outbreak 'out of control'
t Millions of Android smartphones and tablets ARE vulnerable to Heartbleed  ...
b Tesla supercharging stations installed at Colonie Center
e Don Draper Returns for One Last Shot at Salvation
b Rolls-Royce Order Book Hit By Emirates Airbus Order Cancellation
b WWE Slammed: Stock Plunges Nearly 50% As NBCUniversal Deal Fails To  ...
e Snooki reveals gender of second baby in touching video
t Nissan, Daimler to build $1.4 billion Mexico plant
t 'Heartbleed bug may not be that dangerous after all'
e Star Wars: Force for Change Campaign Begins
b International Fast Food Workers Announce Fight For Higher Pay On Six Continents
t Smile! Face, face! Colourful galactic kids pose for Hubble
e JUST WHAT YOU'D EXPECT: Kim & Kanye GORGEOUS WEDDING PHOTOS
t Google Fiber – Avondale, Decatur meet deadlines
m William McGurn
t Titanfall is "Likely" to See a Resolution Bump Post-Release on Xbox One
b Missing Plane: Chinese Satellite Spots New Possible Debris
e Cornelius Gurlitt, reclusive German who hoarded Nazi-looted art, dies
t Nokia Or Microsoft Mobiles ? Is this the End of the Nokia Brand?
e NAPA Auto Parts challenges local customers to ALS Ice Bucket Challenge
b UPDATE 2-UK inflation jumps in June, rate hike bets brought forward
t A victim of a gay witchhunt
m Heart surgery that shuns rib-cracking growing as option
t Google acquires Songza to create soundtracks tailored to changing moods
b Priceline tapping into restaurant bookings with $2.6 billion acquisition of  ...
t Rocket with 3-man crew lifts off for International Space Station
t GM knew from Delphi recalled switches didn't meet specs
e Seth Rogen Slams Macklemore For "Anti-Semitic Jew Costume" (VIDEO)
e Game Of Thrones RECAP 4/13/14: Season 4 Episode 2 “The Lion and the Rose”
b Boris Johnson: Pfizer takeover bid for AstraZeneca must not hit UK science
b Non-farm payrolls jump 288k as jobless rate drops to 6.1% - UPDATE
b Australian PM defends security deal with Japan
e Why Do People Love To Hate Zach Braff?
b Ford's profits fall 39 percent in first quarter
e 'Community' Canceled: Dan Harmon Responds, Plus Netflix Comments on  ...
e 'Jersey Boys': The Price of Fame and Friends
e Boating safety tips & best fireworks viewing areas
t Lift off!
e VIDEO: Netflix Rebooting Childhood Favorite 'The Magic School Bus'
b Euro weakens before German Ifo survey, EU elections add uncertainty
b How the Dow Jones Industrial Average Did Last Week
e Fleetwood Mac announces tour with Christine McVie, including Boston stop
b Missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370: Floating debris spotted by Chinese  ...
t Non-Neutral Mobile Broadband Business Models Report
m Smarthphone Sober App Will Help Recovering Alcoholics New Study Shows
b Brominated vegetable oil to be removed from Powerade
b Mobileye builds IPO to demand
t First tablet with Intel's Broadwell chip thinner than iPad Air
m Study Finds Pesticide Exposure in Pregnancy Linked to Autism
t Meteor shower may be visible early Saturday morning in Western New York
t Pennsylvania Starwatch: Tax day is also lunar eclipse day
b CMS sidesteps questions about verifying late Obamacare applicants
m California chicken linked to salmonella recalled
e Olivia Wilde Welcomes Baby Boy Otis Alexander With Jason Sudeikis
t Gas prices lower in region
e Kate Mulgrew To Narrate A Film About How The Sun Revolves Around The  ...
t Supermicro® Exhibits Industry's Widest Range of GPU Server Solutions for HPC  ...
t I don't get it!
e 'Noah' floats fuller version of Bible's beloved tale
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Honeymoon in Ireland
t SpaceX ISS cargo mission cancelled
t Gerry Shih, Reuters
e Fan wins an Iron Throne at 'Game of Thrones' season 4 event
t Three Sneaky Ways Google Wins With Android Auto
b NAPLES, Fla. - Hertz plans to spin off its equipment rental business into a  ...
t Google's Satellite Internet Plan Coming Together? In Talks with Virgin Galactic
b Airline strike hits Manchester passengers
e Paul McCartney recovering in Tokyo
t Astronauts Embark On Urgent Spacewalk
e Watch Beyonce and Jay Z rob a bank, fire guns with celebrity pals in NSFW Run  ...
e Box office brief: Will Christian audiences turn out for 'Heaven Is for Real'?
b Iran fulfilling most of its agreements under nuclear deal – IAEA
e Kristin Cavallari and husband Jay Cutler welcome a baby boy
m Lifestyle changes are key to easing Alzheimer's risk
e Review: 'True Blood' Season 7 Episode 3 'Fire In The Hole' Commits to Arbitrary  ...
m Pistorius manager explains 'heightened sense of awareness'
e 'Big Bang Theory' cast still in talks for new contracts, production hopes to start  ...
t Knox integration could be the key to Android in the enterprise
b Biofuel from Corn Generates More Greenhouse Gases than Gasoline
m Medicare millions flowed to doctors
b How Probable Is ECB Action By Next Month?
t This is iOS 7.1 and it's out now
e Police dig into fatal shooting of Jace's wife
b How One College Went From 10% Female Computer-Science Majors to 40%
b Putin's China pivot: All tactics, no trust
t Sony is Releasing a “Selfie” Phone for Narcissists
e Eminem's Mother's Day heartfelt new video
b Census: Meck Co. second-fastest growing county in NC
m Ebola reaches Guinea's capital, at least 70 dead from virus
b As first pot stores prepare to open in Washington, questions and answers about  ...
e New Michael Jackson album featuring eight new songs is to be released
e Bowe Bergdahl 'is gradually being provided media coverage' about his  ...
t Microsoft changes its policy on email privacy: “we're listening”
b Netflix Comes Out Against The Comcast-Time Warner Deal
e First Trailer For Michael Bay “Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles” Movie Released  ...
e Miley Cyrus Receives "Big Ass Wet Kiss" from Dog, Apologizes for Canceled  ...
t Hands On With the LG G3
e Gomez gets a new tattoo
b Asian markets swing between gains and losses as eyes turn to ECB
b RBI leaves rates on hold; election, monsoon in focus
m All in the family
b Could Argentina be heading for a second fault?
b Health Insurance Deadline Approaching
e Lea Michele's Twitter Account Gets Hacked, Says She's Pregnant With A  ...
t Google starts removing search results: Tech giant now warns users when links  ...
t You Can Now Manage Your Gift Cards and Send Money with Google Wallet
t Climate change report details 'disruptive' impacts on people's lives in US
b REN TV crew barred from covering Ukrainian presidential election
b Farewell Nokia, you deserved better than this
t Samsung Gear Live Review: Samsung's Smartwatch First Mover Advantage  ...
m Jacksonville 30th on American Fitness Index
b Bank of England shake-up may trigger rate-setter changes
e Beyonce & Jay Z Reveal Secret Wedding Video At 'On The Run' Concert
t Here's How to Find Your First Tweet
e Angelina Jolie honored by Queen
t AT&T Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Is In A Heap Of Trouble
b Tesla safety probe closed, defect 'not identified'
e North Korea condemns new US movie as "act of war"
t Sea-level rise to accelerate as La Nina effect ebbs, study finds
t OnePlus One "flagship killer" phone has almost all of the desired specs of a  ...
t DNA study shows yeti is real – and Oxford scientist prepares expedition to find it
e Comic film 'Neighbors' pits party-over against party-on
e Kim Kardashian shows off incredible figure in Kardashian Kollection jumpsuit
b Pound continues climb after construction boost
b BOJ's Iwata signals chance of tapering if economy overheats
b CQB Stock: Chiquita, Fyffes to Create World's Biggest Banana Firm
b US Index Futures Little Changed as S&P 500 Gains Sixth Quarter
e Robert Downey Jr.'s son, 20, arrested on drug charges
e NFL Seeks Additional $15M From MIA For Super Bowl Middle Finger
m Allergy attack : Doctors Say This Allergy Season Is One Of The Worst
e Lea Michele's Kids' Choice Awards Dress: Pretty In Pink
b GoPro's IPO priced at US$24/share: underwriter
t Tech giants warn of grave threat to the internet
e Rolf Harris' daughter said inheriting his £11 million would be like 'winning lottery'
t NPD March 2014 figure: PS4 led hardware sales third month in row, Titanfall  ...
m Doctors against having frequent pelvic exams
e Elizabeth Olsen, Dakota Fanning in “Very Good Girls” drama trailer
e Not so impressive
e Director Denies Strauss-Kahn-Inspired Film is Anti-Semitic
e Jonah Hill Apologizes for Homophobic Slur During 'Tonight Show' Appearance  ...
t PS4 still outselling Xbox One despite Microsoft's Kinect-less offering
b The US automaker is adding 971000 cars to its global recall, which has been  ...
e Family Feud: Selena Gomez Fires Parents as Managers - Is Justin Bieber to  ...
e Seth Rogen embroiled in political row over North Korea film
b The Social Cost of GMOs
t Everything You Need to Know About Facebook's Controversial Emotion  ...
e Beyoncé tops MTV VMAs nominations
m Lower Birth Weight, Less Breastfeeding Linked To Adult Inflammation And Disease
e New: Michael Jackson, "Loving You" + "Blue Gangsta"
t Samsung announces Gear Live Android Wear smartwatch
m Polio re-emerges in many countries
e Hollywood Playbook: Tuesday's Top 5 News Items
e 12 Valuable Life Lessons Gwyneth Paltrow Has Taught Us
e Netflix confirms 'Orange Is the New Black' will be back for a third season
b US close: Wall Street rises after Fed predicts gradual rate hikes
e Bradley Cooper's Ex-Wife Says He Is 'Cold And Mean' And A 'Master Manipulator'
m Alcohol consumption led to 3.3m global deaths in 2012
e Stephen Colbert to replace David Letterman on CBS' "Late Show"
e Tracy Morgan crash: Comedian's condition improves from 'critical' to 'fair'
b Pfizer underscores its commitments to Britain in memo to parliamentary committees
b Home»News»Business»General Motors 1Q results worst since 2009 due to  ...
e Twitter Teams Up with Billboard to launch Real-Time Charts
m Many unemployed after breast cancer treatment
t Recall report: General Motors' woes grow; new recalls for Toyota, Chrysler
e KISS: Hall of Fame induction 'vindication' for fans
b Amazon acquires Comixology, the world's biggest digital comics company
b Banco Espirito Santo Falls Before First-Half Results
e Box Office Prediction: 'Amazing Spider-Man 2' vs. 'Neighbors'
b FIIs queue up for top corporate bonds on hopes of reforms and a strong rupee
t Obama wants future science cooperation between Japanese, U.S. students
b After 131 years, Ladies' Home Journal goes newsstand-only
t SNOHOMISH COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE ON BOARD WITH OPERATION  ...
e Julia Roberts, Jimmy Fallon face off with "Face Balls"
e Beyond Corned Beef: Bacon Beer Beef and Irish Potatoes
b China, Japan manufacturing grows again, euro zone falters
e Chris Brown's bodyguard's verdict delayed
e Terry Crews named host of 'Millionaire' game show
e Vogue puts Kanye West and Kim Kardashian on the cover
e 'Dr. Strange': Is This Marvel's Next Director?
t Talking Tech | Should the iPhone go bigger?
t Amazon to enter crowded smartphone market with new tech
b Government Report Shows China's Soil Pollution Problem
b FUSION-IO ALERT: Johnson & Weaver Investigating the Proposed Sale of  ...
e The wait is over…Kim Kardashian's Hollywood 'video game' is upon us
b Forex Market: EUR/CAD daily forecast
e The Physics of Spider-Man's Webs
b Fusion-io sold to SanDisk for $1.1 billion
t Nest Learning Thermostat goes on sale, hopes to save households cash
e Conservative brothers disappointed in HGTV ouster
b Shanghai shares up 0.19% on robust service sector data
e Nicki Minaj Addresses VMA Wardrobe Malfunction - "Nipple Didn't Come Out To  ...
t Kepler-10c: Astronomers Find Mega-Earth
b With Successful Test-Firing Of SM-3 Missile US Inches Closer To Advanced  ...
b Gallup finds rate of uninsured dropped in states that embraced ObamaCare
t Exploring the latest Apple-Samsung dispute: A look at some of the patents you  ...
e Watch this gymnast kill the 'American Ninja Warrior' challenge like it's nothing
b U.S. productivity fell in first quarter
e Rolf Harris remained arrogant and egotistical even as paedophile entertainer  ...
t Pilot Program- (911)- Texting
e 2014 Met Gala: Chrissy Teigen Gets Glam & Serves Up Some Sideboob  ...
e Three to See: May
e 'The Bachelor' Season 18 (2014) Finale and 'ATFR' Spoilers: Are they Still  ...
t Google Android Wear: No custom redesigns allowed
e Lady Gaga resurrects Michael Jackson in controversial GUY music video  ...
m Canadian traveller tests negative for Ebola
b Ex-Bank of America CFO to Pay $7.5M Fine to New York
t Ancient High Altitude Gene Allows Tibetans to Thrive on Tibetan Plateau
e And now, the Holy Grail for Python fans - the reunion stage show: Thousands  ...
t Google Glass banned in UK cinemas over piracy fears
t More than 13 deaths in recalled GM cars 'likely'
b Australian Dollar Declines Amid Risk Aversion
m Cuddles boost babies' iron
e Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin head to Netflix, and more news to note
b Dow and S&P 500 index close at record levels
m 'No benefit' from red wine ingredient
b Billionaire buys record $201 million life insurance policy
e Kim K. Steps Out For A Walk In New York
b Ambassador shuts shop, another plant closes down in WB
b Japan Court Blocks Reactor Restarts
e Drew Barrymore makes Adam Sandler slightly more tolerable in Blended
b S&P 500 erases 2014 gain as stocks close lower for third day
b Euro buoyant as European Central Bank hold rates
e Mick Jagger posts tribute to companion L'Wren Scott, says will never forget her
t Google Says XE16 Software Update is On the Way
t Amazon's New Smartphone Has One Crazy Feature That Will Make or Break It
b Archer Daniels Midland acquires Wild Flavors for $3 bn
e American Idol Set To Be Cut Down Into 'Single Two Hour Show' Each Week
t CorreLog, Inc Issues Statement on Heartbleed Bug
e Superman-Batman Film Title 'Batman V Superman: Dawn Of Justice' Announced
t Android TV Gaming Controller Revealed
e Courtney Love: I Found Lost Plane
b Target CEO resigns after cyber attack (Video)
m AstraZeneca seeking to get cancer drugs to patients early
e Guardians of the Galaxy's Alexandra Byrne on Chris Pratt's Star-Lord Style
e Speed to blame for Paul Walker crash
b IRS Reminds Taxpayers of Common Errors Made by Last-Minute Tax Filers
e Lindsay Lohan sues 'Grand Theft Auto V' makers for allegedly using her likeness  ...
m Ebola Outbreak Emerges In Central Africa
e Game of Thrones now poised to beat The Sopranos record
m 4578 Confirmed Cases Of Chikungunya In Caribbean
e 'The Voice' Season 6 (2014) The Playoffs- Part 2 Spoilers, Recap: Everything to  ...
m Estimates of the Number of Children with Austism Grows
m Biggest study yet will test effect of mobile phones on children
e Coachella concertgoer dies
e 'The Bachelor': Is Juan Pablo broke, being paid to propose? still close with ex?
e Here Are Your GIFs Of Roger Crushing Pete's Spirit On This Week's 'Mad Men'
b The Home Depot Sees Unusually Large Options Volume (HD)
b The Fed confirms no raise to interest rates
b Overvalued Euro Might Pose A Risk To Recovery, Says ECB's Draghi
e 'Game Of Thrones' Season 4 Spoilers: What Does Sansa Stark Necklace Mean  ...
t Ford Recalls 435000 Vehicles For Possible Steering Issues, Possibly Unsafe  ...
b US pre-open: Futures inch higher with S&P 500 at record high
e How I Met Your Mother Boss Addresses Polarizing Finale on Twitter
e O'Brien promises the unexpected at MTV Movie Awards
t Meet Carousel, Dropbox's New Home For Your and Your Friends' Photos
b Ex-BP employee charged with insider trading during spill
b Poroshenko approves National Security and Defense Council membership
e 'How To Train Your Dragon 2' answers call of the wild
e Stephen Colbert's 'ching chong ding dong' joke
m Nearly 7 in 10 Americans say health plans should cover birth control, survey finds
e Britain's royals all decked out for Order of the Garter ceremony
m Internal medicine group says no to screening pelvic exam
t The 5 mobile metrics that really matter
t Twitter: D-Day Delayed Another Quarter (TWTR)
t The new photovoltaic boom
t Sony is selling a lot of PlayStation 4 Consoles
m Saudi recruits patients for study on Mers virus
b Box IPO: A Guided Tour of Risk Factors and Other Notes
t LG G3 With 5.5-Inch Quad-HD Display, Laser Autofocus Camera Launched
b Disney to buy YouTube production network Maker Studios for $500 million
m Minnesota takes the lead in banning Triclosan
e Did You Steal Miley Cyrus' Maserati?
b Japan March Current Account Surplus Y116.4 Billion
t Project Ara: Google says 'next 5 billion' will build their phones
b BREAKING: High Court Allows Broad Discovery In Argentina Bond Fight
e This digital Depp is not as fun as he should be
t Public urged to catch cosmic fireworks display
m Girl Who Shaved Head to Support Pal With Cancer Is Allowed Back In School
e Musician Jack White records new single, produces 'world's fastest-released record'
e Teen crushes Michael Jackson's 'Billie Jean' dance moves at school talent show
e Fleetwood Mac, with both McVies, will play Chicago
t Apple And Google Agree To Drop All Lawsuits Against Each Other
e Raleigh's Ashley Christensen among James Beard winners
t WhatsApp CEO: User privacy and private communication still top priorities amid  ...
e Say Goodbye to How I Met Your Mother: The Best of Barney Stinson!
e ABC Gives JIMMY KIMMEL Two-Year Contract Extension!
m Low-Carb Vegan Diet Can Help Lose Weight And Control Cholesterol
t Now may be a good time to change your eBay password
t Your Healthcare.gov password has been reset. Blame the Heartbleed bug.
e Exclusive First Look at the new "Jupiter Ascending" Poster!
t US House committee will probe GM recall
b Bank of America takes significant 1Q loss
e Goddess of Thunder? Marvel's new Thor will be a woman
b Details on deep ocean sound thought linked to MH370 out today
t Apple in Talks With Dr. Dre For $3.2 Billion Beats Deal (Recap)
t Goodbye Nokia, Hello Microsoft Mobile?
m Boulder, Colorado Vs. Huntington, West Virginia: Which City Had The Highest  ...
e Jimmy Kimmel's Mean Tweets Returns With Julia Roberts, Mindy Kaling and  ...
e Gwen Stefani In Talks To Take Christina Aguilera's Chair On NBC's 'The Voice'
e Sherlock Will Return For A Special, Followed By Three New Episodes
t New Microsoft IE zero-day won't be patched on XP
t New York Auto Show: Jaguar F Type, Alfa Romeo, Dodge, more
e Walmart Truck Driver Pleads Not Guilty in Tracy Morgan Crash
b Obama vs. Putin: The mismatch
e Chris Brown To Stay In Prison Until April
e The secret thrill of watching acrobats: we want to know that daredevils can fall
t East Antarctica melt could cause a global coastal destruction
e Paul Mazursky dies: A 2011 interview with the vivid raconteur
e Queen to release album with new Freddie Mercury songs
b Wells Fargo Lending Grows, So Do Profits
m What in the weird? Your friends may be your fourth cousins
m Ebola outbreak: WHO calls for 'drastic action' to halt spread of the virus across  ...
b Stock Market Today: Manufacturing Data Ignored in Favor of Earnings
m Your Dreams Can Now Be Controlled! Study
e And they wonder why Aussies illegally download
e Review: 'Normal Heart' will make you want to shout
m CDC: Over 600K Patients Infected While Hospitalized Each Year
e Barbara Walters: A true television icon
e Why has Miley Cyrus been hospitalised?
b Wanna know what's happened to the Gulf Coast since the BP spill? Read this  ...
t Google Glass: 5 Reasons I Won't Buy
m Hipster Science: Women Prefer Men With Facial Hair
b US retail sales see biggest gain in 18 months
e Three Books by Gabriel Garcia Marquez That You Must Read
t iPhone 5 battery suck? Apple Inc may replace it for free
m Florida Man Is First Case Of Chikungunya Virus Acquired In The U.S.
b Libya reaches deal with rebels to reopen oil ports
e Rihanna Accepts Fashion Award Butt-Naked [PHOTOS]
e Bill Murray offers marriage advice at man's bachelor party
e Miami Officials Call For an End To Ultra Music Festival
e New Pics: Kendall Jenner In Daisy Dukes, Jessica Alba Rocks The MTV Red  ...
b AAA: 41 million Americans will travel this 4th of July
e Bonnaroo opens gates early to allow better traffic flow
e Macy's 4th of July Fireworks 2014 - Best Places to See in NYC, Brooklyn [MAP  ...
e 'The Voice' Season 6 Battle Rounds Recap: Dueling Duos Clash Their Vocal  ...
t Microsoft abandons plans to take on Netflix with original Xbox TV shows
e Bachelor Juan Pablo Galavis Makes His Pick Tonight! — The Viggle Minute  ...
b Alibaba could file for US IPO as early as next week
t FCC asked to mediate in Dodgers TV dispute between Time Warner, Charter  ...
e Senior Black Correspondent
e 'Sharknado 2' sets social media on fire
b Deutsche Bank says health checks pose 'big unknown' capital cost
e 'Frozen' meets 'Thriller,' and characters 'Let It Go' in hilarious zombie dance
e Nickelodeon's 27th annual Kids' Choice Awards: One Direction big winners  ...
b Live blog: Flipkart acquires Myntra
e Castle (Video) – Season 6 Finale “For Better or Worse” – RECAP
b Market overview: FTSE 100 ends lower on Iraq, UK interest rates
b Today's ruling does not mean you can open your own Redskins merchandise shop
b Wall Street Closing
e Obama attends 9/11 museum ceremony
e Lady Gaga chooses nude for her birthday
e There's little legendary about this trip to Oz
e Record Store Day: 20 curiosities to chase on music retail's big day
e Courtney Love Claims To Have 'Solved Mystery' Of Missing Malaysian Plane On  ...
b Wall Street firms on M&A activity
b McDonald's Tries to Win Breakfast By Wooing You With FREE CAFFEINE
b Priceline buying San Francisco-based OpenTable for $2.6 billion
e Best record shops in Bay Area
b Reporters: Howard Mustoe and Russell Hotten
m OTEZLA(R) (apremilast) -- First Oral Therapy Approved by the US Food and  ...
t LADEE and Its End to a Wonderful Journey
b Toyota posts massive annual profit of $17.9 billion
e Christians anticipate joy of Easter via Christ's death
m Anti-Aging gene expression KLOTHO to treat Alzheimer's
b Asia stocks muted as China data, Wall St weighed - Live5News.com | Charleston  ...
t Amazon Fire Phone ships July 25: Price, specs, and features
e Dina Lohan pleads guilty to drunk driving, speeding
e I Wanna Marry Harry Show Preview: Trailer, Premiere Date and Time, TV  ...
t UPDATE 1-Step up action to curb global warming, or risks rise - UN
e The New Trailer And Character Posters For Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Are  ...
m Alzheimer's Rapid Test? Ohio University Develops Test To Detect Early Signs Of  ...
t Wzor's return brings Windows 9 rumors
t Elon Musk and Spacex plan to recover and refly a first rocket stage in 2015
e Robin Williams checks into rehab to maintain his 'focus' on sobriety
b Target's biggest headache in Canada? Bare shelves (Gallery)
e 'Game of Thrones' promises an epic finale
e VMAs 2014: Beyoncé Leaves 'Flawless' Gift For Nicki Minaj In Dressing Room
t Sony Xperia Z2 vs Samsung Galaxy S5 – Design, Prices, Battery Life & Specs
b GLOBAL MARKETS-Japan tech shares slip, Europe set to follow
e Marvel to Announce New Title for Classic Character on Tonight's 'Colbert Report'
e Celebrations of the Triduum held throughout the north shore: Keeping the Faith
b Thai satellite spots possible debris
m Oscar Pistorius' psychiatrist suffers heart attack
t Mark Zuckerberg Ordered to Appear Before Iranian Court
b Numsa, employers 'close to agreement' on wages
t The government still won't let Twitter share details about national security requests
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Features Surface Online; Expected to Boast 64-bit  ...
m Solano County confirms its first human case of West Nile virus of 2014
b Stocks to Watch: Express, Michaels, Smith & Wesson
b China satellite detects object in jet search area
m Study: Hearing impairment linked with sleep apnea
b VC founding partner buys 30000 bitcoins in auction
m Many Smokers Are Unaware Of These Tobacco Truths
t Microsoft to introduce Xbox One to China
t 'The Godzilla of Earths' is found: Planet 17 times larger than our own suggests  ...
m Stress Can Make Allergies Worse Says New Study
e Dancing with the Stars -- The Three Must-See Performances from the Premiere!
b Argentine President Cristina Fernandez in Buenos Aires, Argentina on Feb. 12  ...
t YouTube puts game face on as it pays $1bn for live-streaming site Twitch
b AT&T tells US lawmakers DirecTV deal is not Comcast/Time Warner
m Sheba Medical Center team heads important heart failure research
e Watch Now: 'We Can Avenge Them!' New Game Of Thrones Season 4 Trailer  ...
t Florida panther population on the rise
e Best Beauty Looks At The 2014 Met Gala
t The universe in a cube
t Marquez faster again in second session
t Samsung Galaxy S5 vs Galaxy S4 comparison video review: Should you upgrade?
b After-hours buzz: Guess, eBay, Jabil Circuit & More
t GM recall: Trooper says 2006 St. Croix accident prompted him to send report to  ...
t LG G Watch R with round face coming next week at IFA
e Billboard Music Awards 2014 - Presenters & Performers List!
e Supreme Court Questions Aereo As Battle With Broadcasters Struggles Toward  ...
m The greatest Mother's Day gift
t Icelandic volcano: is this 2010 all over again, and what rights do you have if it is?
m E-Cigarettes: China's Next Growth Industry
e Interview: Filmmaker Scott Derrickson on Horror, Faith, Chesterton and His New  ...
e VIDEO: 'Game of Thrones' Shocks With Another Big Wedding
m This Breakthrough Could Let Us Predict Alzheimer's With A Simple Blood Test
e Netflix uses Emmys to say: We're now, TV is then
t Vivo starts pre-registration for Samsung Galaxy S5
e Transcendence Just Skims The Surface Of All Our Fears About Technology
b Nollywood hails 'significant' gains in Nigeria's GDP
e Frances Bean Cobain advises Lana Del Rey, Pearl Jam sings 'Let It Go': music  ...
b US Internal Revenue Service to treat Bitcoin as a form of property for tax
e MMVA 2014 Toronto: Red Carpet Arrivals at the Jenner Sisters-Hosted Show  ...
e Zac Efron strips on stage after winning best topless scene - see the ridiculously  ...
b Missing plane: 'Possible sighting' images released
b Tims', Burger King talk merger
e Why The Leftovers Isn't Lost: We're Not "Hoping to Find Out What Happened  ...
e Kim and Kanye tie the knot in lavish ceremony
b Oil slips under $104 despite positive US jobs growth figures
e Stephen Colbert Tells David Letterman He's "Thrilled" To Be Taking Over The  ...
e Daisy Ridley: Everything You Need To Know About Star Wars' New Leading Lady
e S**t happens – Pattinson philosophical about Kristen Stewart's affair
e Pippa Middleton to cycle 3000 MILES across the U.S. on epic charity bike ride  ...
t Facebook in UK data-protection probe
t Nokia taps longtime Nokia veteran to serve as CEO
e 'The Voice' Crowns Its Season 6 Winner (Video)
b EUR/USD Fundamental Analysis April 15, 2014 Forecast
m Eye and smell tests could detect Alzheimer's early
t Xbox Entertainment Negotiating with Showtime for Live-Action Halo Series
e Great Success with the Ice Bucket Challenge; Now United Patients Group  ...
m Four Loko Submits to Advertising Restrictions -- Alcohol Justice Applauds  ...
b Facebook 1Q results soar; CFO to step down
t Nature Inspires Next Generation of Drones
b FBI investigating high-speed trading outfits
b Dollar Tree Acquires Family Dollar for $8.5B
m Planned Parenthood May Suspend Operations in Flagstaff
t 20 iOS 8 features over 2 video reviews
b Momenta shares fall after Supreme Court decides to review generic drug case
b IMF: Fed Could Keep Rates Near Zero Until Mid-2015
b China Will Buy Russian Natural Gas
m Select Walgreens Stores Across NC Offer Free HIV Testing
b Draghi says European Central Bank 'comfortable with acting' in June if needed  ...
b WWE Money in the Bank weekend, TNA Impact tapings in NYC (correspondents  ...
e Beyonce and Jay Z Officially Announce On The Run Tour For This Summer  ...
e Stores celebrate Record Day
b NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA): Bay Crest Partners' Equity Derivatives Strategist  ...
e Indio Downey arrested for possession of Cocaine
b Amaya Gaming Acquires PokerStars and Full Tilt Poker in $4.9 Billion Deal
b Unilever says Quarter 1 sales down, blames exchange rates
b France expects GE to boost Alstom offer
e Marvel and Tesco team up for 'Every Little Hero Helps' campaign
e Report: Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's Wedding Is Being Held Up by the Pre  ...
e Khloe Kardashian Does Something Crazy to Her Appearance (PHOTO)
b Vodafone FY14 Pre-tax Loss Widens, Warns Of Weak EBITDA In FY15; Stock Dips
e Kim K fears raising daughter in 'a world where racism is still alive'
e Is Chelsea Handler Quitting Her 'Lately' Show? Comedian Reportedly  ...
e Dragon 2 sequel has the fire
t Samsung Galaxy Tab S to hit Indian market in mid-July
t Feathers Before Flight: New Evidence from Crow-like Dino
t GM orders stop sale on Cruze cars for airbag issue
e Katherine Heigl felt 'betrayed' by career
m Alcohol in early pregnancy linked to small babies, premature birth
e Stairway to Heaven: Is It a Ripoff?
b Tim Hortons Downgraded by KeyCorp to “Hold” (THI)
t Google Makes Every Person Search In Europe Look Censored
e Jamie Lynn Spears wedding photos with Britney Spears
b Exclusive - Allergan eyes new takeover bid for Shire: sources
b US Stock-Index Futures Drop as Tensions Rise in Iraq, Ukraine
b US Futures Point More Firmly to Higher Open; Shire Rejects Abbvie Bid
b Ranbaxy-Sun Pharma Deal
e VIDEO: Stars At The 2014 Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards!
m FDA Approves Electrical Headband For Migraine Treatment
t AT&T rails against proposed FCC reclassification
b Upstate forgotten as New York City grabs attention in climate change warnings
t Air Bag Accident, Lawsuit Led to GM Cruze Recall
b Neighbors Fear Dallas Love Field Noise Increase
b SEC Launches Enforcement Cooperation Initiative for Municipal Issuers and  ...
b Spectra Energy Corp. Sets New 1-Year High Following Analyst Upgrade (SE)
e Refunds for Garth Brooks tickets available from next week
t Honda, Nissan recall over 2m cars on airbag risk
e Ann Curry Rescued From New York Mountain By Boy Scouts
t Chrysler recalls 780000 minivans to replace window switches
m Health of young adults improved with ACA's dependent coverage provision
b Prosecutor Says 3 Charged in Turkey Mine Disaster That Killed 301
b Study reveals 35 percent of Americans with debt in collections
b Nasdaq Posts Worst Weekly Tumble Since 2012
b US Claims Win In Car Dispute With China
e 'The Bachelorette 10': Episode 4 recap
t Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 10.1 with dual-core processor now listed at Rs 36340 on  ...
e Wheel of Fortune Host Pat Sajak Calls People Who Believe In Global Warming  ...
e Sick Morrissey cancels remainder of U.S. tour
b Reliance on Automation Caused SF Plane Crash
e No So Fast! Kim & Kanye Are Still Getting Married Later This Month (PHOTOS)
e Turning Point
t Opening shots fired in Samsung versus Apple case
t Tesco announces own-brand smartphone
b LA-to-Honolulu flight returns after engine trouble
b New home sales hit 5-month low
b US first-time jobless claims fall to May 2007 low
b Ohio Jeep Plant To Hire 1000 Part-Time Workers
t Japan to redesign Antarctic whale hunt after UN court ruling
b San Francisco Burger King Unveils 'Proud' Whopper! Best Part? It's The Exact  ...
m E-Cigarettes More Successful Than Willpower Or Nicotine Patches For Quitting  ...
t The Rhode Island-sized Space Rock Will Pass By Earth Early Thursday Morning
b Government Bonds in U.S., U.K. Pull Back On BOE Comment
e 'Oculus' review: Dealin' with idiots
t Your ATM Is Probably Running Windows XP, Should You Trust It?
b The Crumbling Myths And Double Standards Of The GMO Biotech Sector
e Pink Floyd update: rock legends confirm fall release of new album
b Lockheed Wins $915 Million Contract to Build Space Fence
e DAMN! This Is FIRE! It's On Again For Alicia Keys & Kendrick Lamar In Their AH  ...
e Craig Ferguson Pokes Fun At Gwyneth Paltrow And Chris Martin As He Quits  ...
e 5 Great Alice Moments from The Brady Bunch
e Friend Of French Montana's Wife Says He Shouldn't Buy Khloe Kardashian Cars  ...
e Maya Angelou dies at 86; remembrances pour in
b Tesla's Elon Musk: On Creating A 'Cool' Battery System 'With A Beautiful Cover  ...
e Jada Pinkett Smith is still besotted with Will Smith
t Deloitte comments on wider impact of government plans for driverless cars
t Hacker holds Apple devices for ransom
e VIDEO: Surprise! Jodie Foster And Alexandra Hedison Are Married
t Microsoft admits to snooping blogger's Hotmail account
t Heartbleed: Two steps to protect your information
b Angry London cabbies attack Hailo taxi app office
e MJ album coming in May
b SAC Capital's Criminal Settlement: Was Justice Done?
b MH370: Search could take a “really long time”, says MAS commercial chief
t Facebook says WhatsApp deal cleared
m 'Drastic action' needed on Ebola
e Why Jessica Simpson's weight loss inspires us
b Families clash with police over MH370
b Why PetSmart, Inc. (NASDAQ:PETM), 2 Other Stocks Are Shining? - Provectus  ...
b General Electric Battles The French And Germans For Industrial Giant Alstom
e Eve Marries Fiance Maximillion Cooper in Ibiza
b GLOBAL MARKETS-Asian shares, dollar struggle on Ukraine anxiety
e 'Rosemary's Baby' Redux: If you love the films of Polanski...Skip This One
b Nokia unveils new CEO, starts new era with profit beat
t Google latest acquisitions: Music streaming service Songza
b How 5 Chinese hackers stole American companies' most closely-guarded secrets
m How strong is that drink? The “cocktail content calculator” will let you know
t LG G3 vs Samsung Galaxy S5: the weigh-in
m CDC Confirms First US Case of MERS Infection
e Muppets Most Wanted Cast on Working With Celine Dion, Singing & Jokes!
e Dancing With the Stars 2014 RECAP 4/28/14: Season 18 Episode 7
e African-American cowboy crooner dies
e 'Neighbors' co-star Dave Franco talks hazing and homoeroticism
b China's Alibaba embarks on landmark U.S. IPO journey
b EBay takes first quarter loss on tax charge
m Riyadh announces new Mers death
b Stimulus Expectations Still Alive
b Nasdaq leads US stocks lower
m 5-year-old cancer survivor leads lap at Relay For Life of North Jefferson in  ...
b Pound loses momentum
m US$ 14 million awarded for contraceptive, stroke suit
m Bacteria can linger on planes for a week: Study
e Harrison Ford injured on Star Wars set
e Solange, Jay Z fight: Hotel "shocked and disappointed" by footage leak
e Award-winning author Walter Dean Myers dies at 76
b Etihad to buy 49pc of Alitalia
e Mayor Eric Garcetti drops F-bomb in declaring big day for LA
t Windows 8 soon to release updated 8.1 version
t Big Questions Now That Europeans Can Edit Google Search Results
e Man trapped in Vegas airport makes iPhone music video
e 'Bachelorette' Andi Dorfman Engaged? Josh Murray's Romantic Date In  ...
e Wiz Khalifa Released From Jail, Drops New Mixtape 28 Grams
b Twitter stock surges as Costolo makes case for future growth
m Quarantine monitors travelers over Ebola virus outbreak
b Zuckerberg reaps S$4.2b from Facebook stock options
e Beyoncé Knowles' Pastor Defends Despite Recent Controversial Performances  ...
b Alabama residential inventory increase good news for buyers and sellers
b Dow 17000? Another milestone matters more
m Squee! Sick baby goat walks with help from tiny wheelchair
t SCOTUS: Google Must Face Lawsuit That Its Street View Data Collection  ...
e Kim Kardashian flaunts her figure in tiny bikini belonging to Kylie Jenner
b Alibaba eyes South-east Asia e-commerce with $312.5m SingPost stake
b EUR/USD returns to 1.3750
b Wall St. to open modestly lower but set to end May higher
e 'Once Upon a Time' has found its Anna and Kristoff
t T-Mobile Axes Overage Fees, Urges Fellow Wireless Providers To Follow Suit
e Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's plans for North West's first birthday revealed
e Selena Gomez, Justin Bieber Back Together After Breakup 2014: 'Slow Down  ...
e Miley Cyrus Remains Hospitalized And Cancels Another Show BUT…
e SiriusXM Fires "Opie & Anthony" Host Over Tweets
e Rolf Harris guilty: More women come forward with abuse allegations after verdict
e Game of Thrones Review: "The Laws of Gods and Men"
b Recieve our daily and weekly newsletters for news and views with a difference
b Benzinga's Top #PreMarket Losers
e Croatian PM offers best wishes to Jews for Passover
b Fear reigns in Ukraine's fifth largest city
b Yellen helps shore up markets
t Lenovo Recalls Thinkpad Batteries Citing Fire Hazard
e Chris Brown's assault trial delayed... again
b GM Offers $500 Off Next Purchase for Owners of Ignition Recall Cars
e MuchMusic Video Awards 2014: All The Celeb Styles You Need To See!
t Beats Music iOS update reevaluates pricing and availability
t Android 4.4.4 KitKat Update for Samsung Galaxy S3 and Note 2: Top Things You  ...
b America Is Globally Shamed For Its Pathetic Minimum Wage
m Vote on medical marijuana rules being held Tuesday
m Most area hospitals receive above average scores in Consumer Reports' safety  ...
b EUR/USD. GBP/USD Flows: ADM to buy WILD Flavors EUR2.3bln Cash
e Dir: Robert Stromberg. US. 2014. 97mins
m Of Mice And Men: Male Researchers Stress Out Lab Rats
b Another Mine Workers Union Prepares To Strike In Fresh Blow To South African  ...
b Etihad says agreed principal terms to buy 49pc of Alitalia
t International Price Drops Suggest New Apple TV And Mac mini Models Are  ...
e Chris Brown and Blake Griffin Bound and Gag Drake During ESPY Awards  ...
b Yahoo Beats Street For Q1 On Sales Of $1.09B, EPS Of $0.38, Flat Display  ...
b April U.S. Consumer Confidence Slips Below Expectations
m 'We walk for them'
e Selena Gomez fires parents as managers
e 'Mad Men' Season 7 midseason finale: 'Waterloo' -- Highlights, lowlights and 2  ...
b Recall Woes Push Along GM's Cultural Reinvention
b Target CEO Leaves Following Epic Breach
b Valeant Goes For Allergan; Analyst Touts Shire Option VRX AGN SHPG
e Jada Pinkett Smith: 'Nothing sexual' about Willow pic
b VIDEO: PF Chang's Confirms Theft Of Customer Card Data
t Buzz Aldrin: Where were you when I walked on moon?
m Researchers Create See-Through Mice
e Before the big day
m Ohio Woman Gives Birth to Rare Set of Monoamniotic Twins
b Banking industry 'sullied once again' over gold failings
t HP to invest more than $1 billion in new cloud services
b From surfer to $3 billion company
b Panera Bread says it will remove all artificial additives and ingredients in its food  ...
b Scalia: EPA shouldn't be given 'unheralded power' over U.S. economy
t The coolest cooler ever: Ice box contains all the ingredients for a party  ...
e Paul Walker crash caused by speeding: investigators
t WhatsApp head dismisses privacy worries
m 25 New Jersey residents have chikungunya virus
m New MLB Rule May Mean More Pink Bats on Mother's Day
b Air New Zealand's newly delivered 787-9 at Boeing's delivery center at Paine  ...
m Local doctor talks about Jim Kelly's condition
b Extreme drought baking the US Southwest might not be a temporary situation
t Imagine That: 45 Days After Predicted 'Irreversible Collapse,' Antarctic Sea Ice  ...
m Darwen based firm joins call to stop 'over regulation' of e-cigs
t Domino's won't pay ransom on 600000 record hack
e 'We are not married yet' – Kim Kardashian hits Twitter to rubbish marriage rumours
t Google Maps want you to catch em' all for April Fools' Day
t 'Gameover Zeus' virus advice from Trading Standards
e Sleeping fan files lawsuit, Potato salad Kickstarter
b AstraZeneca (AZN): Today's Pre-Market Leader Stock
b HP Cutting More Jobs as CEO Revamps PC Maker
e AP PHOTOS: Mickey Rooney, legend of Hollywood
e Nature camerawoman enters the den with 'Bears'
b Inflation rise stalls wage hopes in the UK
t Qualcomm's 8-Core Snapdragon Chipsets Ready For Production
m Bacteria in gut key to link between dark chocolate and heart health, according to  ...
b UPDATE 1-US states sign regional pact to restore Chesapeake Bay
e Bob Geldof: My daughter Peaches is dead
e Who Won Dancing with the Stars 2014: DWTS Winner Named as Meryl Davis
t Mozilla gives up on Metro mode Firefox
b FHA Mortgage Rates, ARM and VA Loans at US Bank and Quicken Loans for  ...
t 'Time machine' to send you on space voyage! | Malaysia Sun
e Celine Dion Responds to Man's Viral 'All By Myself' Video Shot in Airport
e Go Go Power Rangers - Hollywood taking another stab at bringing Power  ...
m AAN review finds certain forms of medical marijuana can help treat some  ...
m FDA Warns Uterine Fibroids May Spread Hidden Cancer When Removed By  ...
e Emma Watson: 'I Don't Sex Myself up'
e Rolf Harris Guilty On All 12 Indecent Assault Counts
b UPDATE 1-Lufthansa pilots start three-day strike over early retirement
t Facebook looks to cut the spam from your news feed
e Cory Monteith Remembered by Father One Year After His Death: 'I Still Miss Him  ...
e Castle Season 7 Renewal: ABC TV Show Renewed, Projected Premiere Date  ...
b AT&T Ups Interest in DirecTV
b Justices Say EPA Can Require Pollution Controls but Limit Permitting Process
b 26 June 2014 LSE announces rights issue to help fund $2.7bn Frank Russell bid
e Dolly shines at Glastonbury
b Stock index futures fall a day after tech rout
b Target hires new CIO, speeds tech enhancements
m UK scientists slam Tamiflu drug but other experts say it helps and should  ...
e BET Awards at Nokia Theatre, Los Angeles
b Priceline to Buy OpenTable for $2.6 Billion -- 4th Update
t New 'Giraffe' Meteor Shower Will Bring Hundreds Of Shooting Stars, If It Happens
m Crowd attacks Ebola treatment center
e Five family friendly ideas for celebrating Easter
e Record Store Day 2014: Jack White releases song on vinyl 4 hours after recording
e What Divorce? Mariah Carey All Smiles On First Outing With Children Since Nick  ...
e Seth MacFarlane Backing 'Reading Rainbow' Kickstarter, Will Match Proceeds  ...
t T-Mobile covering ETF fees for Galaxy S5 switchers
b Thousands of lost bitcoins recovered
e Queen To Release Unheard Freddie Mercury Tracks
e Review: Melissa McCarthy and Susan Sarandon find the laughs in 'Tammy'
b Aluminum maker Alcoa posts $138 million profit in 2Q on strong products  ...
t Apple share price: Company hires executive from Tag Heuer
t Google Buys Word Lens Translation App to Enhance Google Translate
b UniCredit to 'focus on growth' after shock loss
t Walking fish reveal how our ancestors evolved onto land
m MannKind Shares See #PreMarket Spike Following FDA Approval
m State's medical marijuana rules unveiled
e Jason Bateman has nothing but good to say about 'Bad Words'
b Greed at the speed of light: Michael Lewis returns to Wall Street 25 years after  ...
e 'The Bachelorette' Recap: Hoop Dreams and Crushed Hopes
b HP Now Available At A 50% Discount To Market
e Jolie made 'honorary dame' for humanitarian work
e Fleetwood Mac to launch tour with both McVies
b Glencore buys oil-explorer Caracal for $1.35B - WBOC-TV 16, Delmarvas News  ...
t How Do We Know the Moon Landing Isn't Fake?
t Microsoft targets enterprise with Azure updates
b Tesla Makes Fast Move To Build Two Giant Battery Factories Simultaneously
t Google to launch Apple HealthKit rival in June: Report
t As Twitter turns 8, a look at your favourite celebs' first tweet
b Will 3M Co. Continue to Drive the Dow Higher?
e Robert De Niro reveals his late father struggled with being gay
e A Look Into The "Ultimate" Game
e Tina Fey says 'Mean Girls' reunion will involve hot wings
b Etihad Airways To Acquire 49% Stake In Alitalia - Quick Facts
b FOREX-Draghi's warnings deflate euro but dollar's rise seen as limited
e Hugh Jackman Calls Out WWE's John Cena on 'SportsCenter'!
b Candy Crush Saga maker not so sweet to Wall Street
b Dollar gains on ECB stimulus, stocks decline
m MERS Watch: No Easing of Outbreak
e Paul Walker Role 'To Be Completed With Body Double And CGI'
e Lady Gaga Gives Proper Goodbye to Roseland Ballroom with Rose Inspired See  ...
e Katy City Council Takes Ice Bucket Challenge
e Batman Vs. Superman To Premiere In The UK First
t New Amazon Fire phone offers Mayday, Prime, and free photo storage
e Christina Aguilera Is Having A Baby Girl!
t Apple and IBM join forces to conquer your office
e Passover 2014: the Jewish festival explained
b Janet Yellen's Guide to Investing
e Amazon Launches Prime Music Service
e 2014 Cannes Film Festival Reveals Lineup, Including Ryan Gosling's Directorial  ...
e Demi Lovato opens up about gay grandfather
b China auto show to open amid environmental, growth concerns
e Game Of Thrones Season 4 Premiere Scores Best HBO Ratings Since The  ...
t Senators call on automakers to share more information about fatal accidents
t NASA 2016 Mars Mission to Begin Building Spacecraft
e HBO to Air GAME OF THRONES 60Hour Marathon, Beg. 4/4
e US actor Eli Wallach dead at 98: report
e BET Awards 2014: Winners and Honorees
e Prince Gains His Catalog in Landmark Deal With Warner Bros.; New Album  ...
m Jenny McCarthy Harassed for Anti-Vaccination Views
m 1000 Dogs Dead and Three Humans Ill after Eating Pet Treats
e Get the Look: Zac Efron in ultra-fitted navy suit
e Justin Bieber Parties It Up With Floyd Mayweather Jr. And Johnny Manziel  ...
e Studios file Megaupload action
m Unnecessary Brain Scans Are A Headache For Everyone
t Toyota looks to put crisis in rearview mirror
b China's economy grows 7.4% in first quarter
e 3 Great Easter Recipes That Promise To Make Your Holiday A Tasty One
m Diabetes causes more heart disease in women
t Sony Announces VR Headset for PlayStation 4
e Fargo TV review: 'What could have been a disaster is a respectful homage'
e Charges Against Paul Simon and Edie Brickell Dropped
b Currencies and the collapse of globalization
e Aw, geez, 'Fargo' is on TV with Billy Bob Thornton
e Colbert satire and Twitter don't mix
e 'Game of Thrones': Ratings record, renewed through season 6
t Microsoft to Start Shipping Pre-Ordered Surface Pro 3
t Technology Experts Say Commercialization Is The Biggest Threat To The Future  ...
b MAS official: Stronger rules needed on flight paths
e TV Review: 'The Leftovers'
t You are here! Home > SCIENCE and TECHNOLOGY > Google Glass is your  ...
e Cameron Diaz's Colorful Lip At 'Sex Tape' Premiere — Get The Exact Look
t YouTube Creator Studio, Fan Funding announced at VidCon
e ON THE BIG SCREEN
b Dutch Police Arrest Greenpeace Activists Blocking Gazprom Platform
b BofA hit with $1.3 billion mortgage penalty
e Powdered alcohol approval was an error
m CDC: MERS virus spread in US, but 2nd man not
e Erykah Badu Tries to Kiss TV News Reporter Mario Diaz During Live Broadcast
m US Autism Estimates Rise by 30 Percent for Kids
e Kim Kardashian Copies Kate Middleton's Wedding Gown But With a Twist  ...
e Winslet honored
m Without Federal Action, States Move On Long-Term Care
e Don't Even Think About Trying to Flirt with Megan Fox
e TV Recap: Game Of Thrones 4.4 Oathkeeper
b Home prices remain on the rise
m Why a Mediterranean diet is good for your health
b How Walmart Is Taking Advantage of Amazon-Hachette Book Feud
b Fear of Russia, fear of fracking
b AstraZeneca takeover: Nick Clegg turns up the heat on Pfizer
t UPDATE 1-Apple in talks with Comcast for streaming-TV service - WSJ
e Kim Kardashian's family lands in Paris ahead of wedding
t General Motors Company (GM) announces 4G data plans
e Jessica Simpson Is Officially Married To Eric Johnson
e Days of Future Past Opens Big, Sandler Flops
t Galaxy S5 fingerprint sensor hackedPublish Date: Apr 20, 2014
t Central Texas Law Enforcement Looking For Drunk Boaters
t Windows XP switch-off: the industry reacts
t Apple's garden is blooming but the walls are getting higher and inside the  ...
e 'Divergent' earns $22.8 million on Friday, 'Muppets Most Wanted' far behind with  ...
b You Can Sue General Mills Again
e Brad Pitt's Attacker Explains His Pranks: "I Am a Different Guy"
t 12.9 inch Bigger Jumbo iPad: Apple Gets Ready To Revitalize Tablet Business
b GoPro and tech stocks have great week
b NZ dollar jumps against euro
b AAA: Gas Prices Expected to Fall for Summer Travel Season
b CORRECTED-Russia to challenge Hague Court's Yukos ruling -Finance Ministry
e Macklemore explains 'anti-Semitic' performance: 'I thought I looked like Humpty  ...
t Rhapsody And Napster Announce Google Chromecast Support
t HP's Whitman: Helion Is 'Proof' Of Our Investments In The Cloud
e Godzilla Director Gareth Edwards to Helm a Stand-Alone Star Wars Movie [VIDEO]
e #BBCTrending: Anti-abortion ice bucket alternatives
m 7 Things to Know Before Riding an ATV
e Kourtney Kardashian Conceals Pregnant Belly Under Oversized T-Shirt: Picture
e Rare shots of Kiss's Paul Stanley
e Zara Is Sorry for Making a Shirt That Looked Like a Nazi Concentration Camp  ...
e Kanye West - Kanye West Celebrates Father's Day And Daughter's First Birthday
b MH370 search resumes after bad weather
b Sterling slipped on Monday
t FTC Accuses T-Mobile of Charging Millions in Bogus Fees
e Director Edgar Wright quits Marvel's Ant-Man movie
m An Emotional Journey from Overweight, to Underweight, to 'Happy Weight'
m Quit-smoking app motivates, tracks savings
e Disney CEO Says 'The Incredibles' Sequel from PIXAR in the Works
b Chen Guangbio, Chinese millionaire, serves free lunch with 1000 of NYC's  ...
t Microsoft To Launch $199 Laptops & $99 Windows 8 Tablets To Kill  ...
b Rogue Libyan oil tanker seized by US Seals
e Kim Kardashian & Kanye West's Latest Antics Are Beyond Diva -- Even for Them
b Indictment of FedEx Corporation for Illegally Distributing Prescription Drugs
e Studio pulls 'offensive' poster for Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles movie
b GM Recalls 2.4 Million More Vehicles, Doubles 2nd Quarter Charge
e /Film Interview: 'Amazing Spider-Man 2′ Producers on Diversity, Flexibility, and  ...
t Game of drones – Facebook to get poorest online
b What The Rise Of Chipotle Means For You?
t 5 things NC customers need to know about the AT&T-DirecTV deal
e 'Racist' Avril Lavigne video removed
b Scientific Games Corporation: Scientific Games to Report 2014 Second Quarter  ...
t Samsung "Very Puzzled" That Galaxy S5 is Already Available
e 'Mad Men' returns to lowest premiere in years
t Editorial: Ruling on Internet background could damage flow of information
b Putin to meet Hollande at Elysee on June 5: Kremlin
e Horseless Carriage Champ Bully-Whips Female Photographer
b Ousted Thai PM indicted over rice subsidy scheme
m LeBlanc: Hurricane Season and Dementia
e WATCH: Detectives find chilling manifesto where Elliot Rodger planned to kill 50  ...
e TV Ratings: 7.1 Million Watch 'Game of Thrones' Finale
e Beyonce And Jay Z's Tour Gets A Stellar Review… From Blue Ivy
e Kourtney Kardashian proves she's just as bootylicious as she dons racy swimsuit  ...
e Accepted: 'Community' Is Coming to Yahoo
t 3000 pounds of food, goods delivered to International Space Station
m Medicinal Marijuana Can Treat Severe Forms Of Epilepsy!
t Heartbleed Bug to Get Worse as Millions at Risk
t Electron beams help create thinnest nanowires
m Yelp to help identify food-borne illness
t No $2.2 billion for Apple, jury orders Samsung to pay $120 million for patent  ...
b REFILE-UPDATE 1-Holdouts considering 80ct on dollar as Brazilians enter the  ...
e Sinead O'Connor Reveals New Album Date With Provocative New Look
t Google said to be eyeing Twitch.tv
e Kurt Cobain's daughter slams Lana Del Rey
e Avril Lavigne's new video is just the latest cultural-appropriation atrocity
e ATTENTION! Robert Pattinson is homeless and looking for somewhere to stay!!
e Gwar's Dave Brockie Died of Heroin Overdose, Autopsy Confirms
m Kelly's cancer treatment delayed
b NTSB: Pilot mismanagement, confusion caused Asiana Flight 214 crash in San  ...
e Morrissey Cancels US Tour Blaming Support Act Kristeen Young for Giving Him  ...
e Nicole Richie returning to TV
t Buckets of patience required to be a Souls survivor
e Transformers: Age of Drawn-out Exhaustion
e Band Aid founder's daughter Peaches Geldof, 25, dies
m 1 dead from ebola in Sierra Leone
t What kind of New York Times subscriber are you?
b Investigation is far from complete in Houston oil spill
b Unemployment drops in Spartanburg, Cherokee and Union counties
e Kimye refuse offers to sell wedding pictures
b Why Dollar Stores Are Having a Hard Time Making a Buck
t Apple Inc's pending Beats buy shows Tim Cook straying from Steve Jobs  ...
t Android Comes To Wearables And Watches
t 'Cherry tree from space' amazes and baffles Japan
e HBO Website Crashes During 'Game Of Thrones' Season Premiere
e Craig Ferguson Annouces Departure As Host Of 'Late Late Show' After Ten Years
t Rhode Island-sized asteroid set to blot out one of the brightest stars in the sky
b ECB, BoE call for ABS rehabilitation
m Sex apps increase risk of STIs
b US stocks finish little changed on mixed data
b Chipotle raising prices for the first time in 3 years
e Queen set to release new Freddie Mercury songs
e Glen Campbell Death Reports Not True: Country Singer Glen Campbell Not  ...
e Rob Kardashian's Family Wants Him to Enter Drug Rehab
e Watch The Simpsons do a perfect send-up of Mad Men's terrible 'next week on  ...
b New carpool lane on Interstate 405 in LA opens
b Alibaba Reports Strong Growth in Prelude to IPO Filing
e The children's TV presenter who hid his secret life as a serial sex attacker
b Men's Wearhouse to Buy Jos. A Bank (MW)
b FAA: Air traffic controllers avert potential midair collision near Houston airport
b US home sales rose by 1.3% in April, down from 2013
m Vitamin D supplements could help high blood pressure
m Oscar Pistorius evaluated as mentally fit
e Transformers: Age Of Extinction: Live tweet review
t Heart Bleed bug check: World's top 1000 websites now protected against  ...
m Mom Turns Herself Into a Human Speed Bump to Save Kids in Runaway Car
e The Hunger Games: Mockingjay – Part 1 Teaser Shows President Snow  ...
b The Strange Strategy Behind Turkey's Pathetic Twitter Ban
b Researchers detect possible acoustic signals from MH370
t Climate Report Warns of Death, Flooding, and Economic Loss
m Beware of bats: Guinea issues bushmeat warning after Ebola outbreak
e We Watched the BET Awards so You Didn't Have To
m Simple Blood Test Can Predict Alzheimer's Disease
b Postal workers union to protest USPS-Staples deal
e Andre Roxx Didn't Attempt Suicide, it was Christ Bearer, AKA Andre Johnson  ...
b McDonalds workers storm Chicago headquarters in pay fight
e Hayden Panettiere and Muscular Male Torso Reportedly Expecting Child
t Woman sang during throat surgery to save voice
e Lana Del Rey plays emotional set at Glastonbury
e Deluxe The Amazing Spider-Man 2 Blu-ray Includes Electro Bust
m Big Gulps are safe once and for all! High court refuses to reinstate New York City  ...
e Game of Thrones to hit big screen?
e Pitman student's Michael Jackson performance goes viral
t OS X 10.10 To Be The Main Focus At WWDC 2014
b Fed, in wait-and-see mode, unlikely to shift course this week or signal time for  ...
e Lohan to make West End stage debut
b Whitbread started the year well
t Automakers top analysts' sales estimates for May
b Weibo Shares Rise In Trading Debut
m At a Glance: Electronic Cigarettes
b Malaysia Airlines on verge of collapse
b WWE 'Money in the Bank' Special Event Preview, Part One
b Wall Street Closing
e Chris Brown sentenced to one month in jail after being kicked out of rehab
b How pricey and old people turn Red Lobster in a castoff
b Candy Crush maker King files for IPO to raise $532.8 million
m Nonsurgical Fix Could Replace Open-Heart Surgery, Study Suggests
b The quiet man behind Zillow's acquisition of Trulia (Video)
b Crude oil trading outlook: WTI and Brent futures headed for weekly losses, Iraq  ...
b Zynga names Best Buy executive David Lee as CFO
e The 1964 World's Fair opened 50 years ago today
m Health Matters: Effects of being 'Hangry'
t Climate change makes salamanders shrink, scientists say
b Ousted American Apparel CEO increases stake to nearly 43 pct | The Republic
e 'True Blood' Season 7 Finale Party Ideas: Series Finale Food, Drinks And  ...
e 2014 MTV VMA Nominations: Snubs & Surprises
e ABC 7 Chicago will be the only station in the city to broadcast The 45th Annual  ...
t Google Glass Software Update Improves Battery Life, Removes Video Calls
b 49ers QB Colin Kaepernick defends reputation amid report
e Kim Kardashian's Wedding Dress Details
m FDA set to ask restaurants, companies to make foods less salty
e Mark Wahlberg Slimed At Kids' Choice Awards - Who Won?
b In Ukraine, a day of mourning shows a nation divided
t White House warns about effects of climate change
m Norovirus suspected in new Princess Cruises outbreak
e The internet reacts to news that Ryan Gosling expecting his first child with Eva  ...
e Bride of Kanyestein emerges in satin bedsheet
b LEAD: Scania committee rejects VW bid By Lennart Simonsson, dpa Eds  ...
e Anita Baker has warrant out for her arrest
b Dollar Stabilizes After Rough Week
t Final fed climate report will present dire picture - News, Weather and Classifieds  ...
e Pamela Anderson Shares Harrowing Account Of Childhood Sex Abuse
m Report shows not all sunscreens contain SPF promised
b Urban Outfitters (URBN) - Options Insight
t At Google I/O, expect smartwatches as Android spreads to new screens
t The Dark Side of Facebook's Latest Power Grab
e Victoria Beckham shares wedding photo to celebrate anniversary
t VR headsets close to reality as Google Wear arrives for your wrist
b Alibaba invests $215 million in messaging app Tango
m Booze brands in rock music make adolescents alcoholics
e Transformers and Cars Go Hand in Hand: Behind the Scenes Working with GM  ...
e Justin Bieber's Model Crush Sexy? Shanina Shaik Replaces Miranda Kerr  ...
e 2014 Essence Fest performer Erykah Badu tried to kiss NYC reporter on live TV
e MTV Video Music Awards: Who leads nominees?
b Yellen signals tougher stance on banks
e Python's greatest hits delight fans
e Pharrell Simply Explains Why Hillary Clinton Will Be the Next President
t Microsoft works on Windows for Cars with Metro GUI – screenshots
e Funny new TV Spot for the upcoming comedy Sex Tape (Video)
t NYT Now curated news app coming to iPhone April 2nd for $8 per month
b Forex - Dollar index hits 9-month highs after U.S. data
e OMG: Kim Goes Completely Braless!
b Merkel visits Athens after Greece regains market access; 5000 police to keep  ...
b Family Member Files Lawsuit Over Missing Jet As Frustrating Search Continues
e Thursday Five: Apple astonishes, HBO Amazon deal and selling nicotine to minors
e Amy Adams on Giving First Class Seat to US Soldier: I Did It for Attention for the  ...
t Apple Inc. (AAPL): What Kind Of Company Are They?
b EPA reaches deal with Duke Energy to clean coal ash
b European stocks scrape back losses on upbeat US data
e Listen to Lorde Cover Nirvana
b Blogger: Mastercard Notifies Banks of Identity Theft From DMV
e The Series That Lived: Harry Potter Spin-Off to Be a Movie Trilogy
m Increased Risk Of Developing Lung Cancer After Radiotherapy For Breast Cancer
t Twitter: Famous footballers first tweets
t Watch Dogs E3 Vs PC Release Video Shows Significant Downgrade
e PICTURES: Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's Italian wedding preparations well  ...
e Conan O'Brien promises nudity, fire at MTV Movie Awards
t NASA's Mars Curiosity Rover Celebrates A Martian Year On The Planet
e North Korea threatens war over Kim death plot film
b USA President plan to cut greengouse gas emission by 2020
t Millions of cars recalled over airbag problems
e 'SNL' spoofs the infamous Jay Z, Solange elevator fight
e Spaghetti western star Eli Wallach dies at 98
t Top 10 facts about spring
b Beige Book word cloud points to positive tone on the economy
e Beyoncé and Family Put Divorce Rumors to Rest at 2014 VMAs
e Paltrow, Martin took part in ceremony to prepare for split?
e Is green her new favourite colour? Kate Middleton attends Wimbledon men's  ...
b DOE to provide $10m for projects
b Iran president offers olive branch
b US To Sue Citigroup Over Faulty Mortgage Bonds: Sources
b China's JD.com IPO raises $US1.78bn
b Computer glitch causes delays for Target customers
m Level Of Poverty Or Wealth May Affect Distribution Of Cancer Types
e Prolific Actor Mickey Rooney Dead At 93
e 'Spider-Man 2' Really Is Amazing
t Tibetans Thrive at High Altitudes Thanks to Neanderthal Cousin
m Madam Sherry Aryetey addressing the closing ceremony
t Google Glass sells out of 'Cotton' model within hours
e L'Wren Scott leaves behind $9 million for Mick Jagger?
e VIDEO: Kirstie Alley Reveals:'I Have a Goal to Lose 30 Pounds'
e Now THAT's Posh! Victoria Beckham poses as the Lady of the Manor
e Miley Cyrus Opens Up About Her Hospitalization
e Return for HBO's Comeback, Netflix's Orange
t Cisco Goes After Cloud Services With $1 Billion Investment
b Today's Mortgage Rates at TD Bank – July 4, 2014
t A New US Global Policy in Communications
t Wandering wolf may have a mate
m Study reveals more than half of UK mastectomies were unnecessary
m US FDA moves to ban sales of e-cigarettes to minors
e Beyonce's Kim, Kanye Instagram A SHAM: 'Drunk In Love' Singer And Jay Z  ...
e X-Men clip teased at MTV Movie Awards
e Cats musical to feature rapping cat
m Mad Cow Concerns Cause Beef Recall in Conn.
t Baby dolphin rescued off Redington Beach (Video)
t Report: Bigger iPhones set for production, early September release
e Mick Jagger Pays Tribute To L'Wren Scott At Funeral
e 9/11 Memorial Museum opens to public in NY
e 'Hercules' First Look: Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson Really Is the Strongest Man  ...
b With Alibaba IPO Windfall, Yahoo May Consider Shopping for Startups
e JAY Z & Beyoncé Set To “RUN” The Summer [Video]
b BofA to Pay $9.5 Billion in US Mortgage Suit, Raises Dividend
e Robert De Niro: My Father Was Gay
t Microsoft shocker: Xbox One sales DOUBLE without crippling Kinect add-on
e Seinfeld's Wayne Knight, "Family Ties'" Brian Bonsall Not Dead
t As early as May -sources to enter production,new iPhone 6 screens
e Johnny Depp Finally Explains Why He Wears Fiancee's Engagement Ring
t Europe%27s+move+to+rein+in+Google+would+stall+in+US
b EUR: Sell The Mystery, Buy The History
e Craig Ferguson is Leaving Late Late Show. That's Bad News, Even if You Hate  ...
e Halle Berry's New TV Drama “Extant” Premieres Wednesday
e Justin Bieber will not be charged with felony in alleged cellphone tussle
t Bungie's Designer Talks Destiny. Details Different Modes
t Supermoon is back again
e 'How I Met Your Mother': Neil Patrick Harris and Jason Segel sing 'Les  ...
m Niacin Many Do More Harm Than Good: Study
t Facebook Kicks Off Special News Initiative Newswire
e Kim Kardashian goes house hunting in NYC
e Watch Justin Bieber Throw Selena Gomez Against The Wall In Uber Sexy Dance!
b Potential Selloff for McDonald's (MCD) Stock – July 3, 2014
b Senate push for U.S. housing finance bill comes up short
b Deals with China must come with a warning
t Holding Back High-Speed Internet for the Poor's Sake Just Hurts Everyone
t Is Apple Planning to Reveal the iWatch In September?
e Mbeki lauds Gordimer the activist
t India's talent crucial for Facebook growth globally, says COO Sheryl Sandberg
e Karreuche Tran and Chris Brown
m Health teams set up isolation centres in Guinea amid Ebola virus outbreak that  ...
b EQUITIES: UKFI sells second slice of Lloyds
e Kim Kardashian's Worst Fear? Star Tells Fans “Don't Believe What You See”
b Markets absorb Greece's bond market return
m Grieving Dad Asks Reddit Users To Edit Baby's Picture
m Handshake Spreads 20 Times More Germs Than Fist Bump: Study
t Water main bursts on Brown Avenue
m Use Of Aspirin To Ward Off Heart Attacks Questioned By The FDA
e AC/DC To Pull The Plug?
b GM recalls increase to 4.8M vehicles
b Box plans IPO because it badly needs the money
m Mumps outbreak spreading in Ohio State community
t How does Google's self-driving car work – and when can we drive one?
t LG G Watch R: New Teaser Video Reveals Features, Mocks at Moto 360 Design
t Google Chromecast Now Available in the UK
t SpaceX, a somewhat critical look
t Heart Bleed Bug Test: 3 Things One Can Do; Are Yahoo, Facebook, Gmail, eBay  ...
e Chiefs' Aaron Murray thrilled about his brother's engagement on 'The Bachelorette'
b UPDATE 2-China's Alibaba embarks on US IPO journey
b Wal-Mart to begin video game trade-ins
e Lindsay Lohan suffered miscarriage during taping of reality TV show
t Xbox One Hits China This September
t GameOver Zeus And CryptoLocker Botnet Temporarily Taken Down: What You  ...
e Ex-Bachelorette Jillian Harris Defends Juan Pablo Galavis For Not Saying 'I  ...
e 'Star Wars: Episode VII' casts two newcomers
e The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back  ...
t Facebook Slingshot App Available for Official Download: Requires You to  ...
e Singers Paul Simon, Edie Brickell due back in Connecticut court
m Booming e-cigarette market in need of greater oversight, studies say
b Amazon offering employees $5k if they hate their job
t Displaying a 2015 Ford Mustang Convertible 1000 Feet Above Manhattan  ...
e Why some Nashville music venues feel the Bonnaroo blues
t Apple seeks deal with Comcast that could revolutionize video streaming
t Samsung Galaxy Note 4 to feature QHD display
t NASA's Hubble Space Telescope Takes Photo of Monkey Head Nebula
t OnePlus One purchases will be invite only at launch
t It's the dawn of a new, cheap era for good smartphones
t Amazon.com Inc to acquire Twitch live-streaming gaming site for US$1B in its  ...
m Lower vitamin D level in blood linked to higher premature death rate
e Slate's Culture Blog
b CandySwipe and Candy Crush makers settle trademark differences
t OK Cupid experimented with 'bad matches' for its users
b Eurozone banks expect loan demand to rise in Q2: ECB
m Ebola: Sierra Leone declares health emergency amid fear of global epidemic
e Boston man charged with rape at weekend Keith Urban concert after bystanders  ...
b US Housing market
b Chipotle plans first price hike in 3 years
t GM ignition recall victims' families speak
e Bieber Visits Japans WWII Shrine
e Pippa Middleton Opens Up About Prince George
b Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos gives update on online retailer's drone, grocery programs
b Barclays plans to cut 7000 jobs at investment unit
b US Fed meets with eyes on policy forecasts
e Paul McCartney`s wife taking good care of him?
b China Bourse May Give Up Support At 2000 Points
b Private job gains in May were 179000.
b Dow Drops 150 Points And Tanking Retailers Lead S&P's Charge Into The Red
e Miranda Lambert Dons Daisy Dukes, Flaunts Weight Loss on Magazine Cover
t Here's Your First Official Look at the LG G3
m Baby Gates May Not Be Safe!
t Amazon's 3D smartphone revealed in leaked photos sporting 6 cameras
b Here's what economic recovery could look like for your family
t Facebook forcing all users to download the messenger app
m Giant colon inflates in East Memphis for cancer awareness
e The 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' Teaser Trailer Has Us Super Pumped (VIDEO)
t Jury leaves damages Samsung must pay Apple unchanged at USD 119.6 million
e George Lucas: 'Star Wars' art and film museum coming to Chicago lakefront
b Nigeria Economy Becomes 'Top Dog' in Africa
b Virtual reality: Mt. Gox finds 2 lakh Bitcoins in 'forgotten' wallet
b Small number of cars fixed four months into GM recall
t Verizon, Google Apologize For Chromebook Snafu
m Ebola outbreak: Suspension of flights putting medical staff at risk, says Australian  ...
m Q&A: Can Claims Data Crack the Health Care Cost Riddle?
b Tumblr Sponsored Posts Now Promoted on Yahoo! (YHOO)
e Kate Middleton and comedian John Bishop visit north London school
m Colon Cancer Rates Drop Sharply, Credits to Screenings
b Siemens, Mitsubishi unveil joint bid for Alstom's energy ops
e Chris Brown's Trial Set To Happen Any Day Now
t Mozilla CEO's exit tests Silicon Valley's tolerance
b Amazon Fire Phone vs. iPhone 5S vs. Galaxy S5
t Five video game trends from E3 2014
e Jessica Simpson flaunts her hot wedding body in new bikini pics
b Protesters arrested at McDonald's
e Marijuana Has Come A Long Way Since Last 4/20
e Rock Fans Take Their Love for Hall of Fame Inductees to A Whole Other Level
b Express Gains On Upbeat Results; Smith & Wesson Shares Dip
e Costner carries the ball but football draft story is dry
b Intel Rises 5.5% After-Hours On Raised Q2 And Full-Year Revenue Expectations
t Apple acquires Beats Electronics for 3bn USD
b ECB Policy Meeting Highlights Light Economic Week
m Florida pot debate grows
m Air pollution now biggest environmental health risk - WHO
t GM hearing will test automaker's deep Washington ties
m Ebola Outbreak Prompts Drastic Measures In Liberia
t Google Glass taking fans closer to the action
m Scientists discover a genetic indicator that could help prevent suicides
t What the heck is Asus' 'next incredible thing'?
e Foo Fighters new album and HBO series: Record will be 'a love letter to the  ...
e Justin Bieber Performs at Coachella: See the Surprise Here!
e 'Transcendence' Film Director Shares Exciting Moments of IMAX Version of the  ...
t The 10 best features of the HTC One M8
e CBS comedy 'How I Met Your Mother' ends | POLL
b West Texas intermediate back under US$101 a barrel
t Sales Of Ryan Seacrest's Typo Case Stopped In The US By Court
e Director in Talks for Dr. Strange Film
b Cold soil keeping crops from emerging
m Conditions improve, but med students still face tight competition for residencies
e National September 11 Memorial Hall and Museum prepares to open
t Comcast's profit rises; company adds video subscribers
b Missing Malaysia Airlines MH370: New debris sightings, storms ground missing  ...
t SpaceX Launches Supplies to Space Station
t Twitter Inc (TWTR) Buys Gnip
t European Media Tycoon: 'We are afraid of Google'
e Lupita Nyong'o is named 'People's' Most Beautiful 2014
b Mortgage Rate Summary for Citizens Bank Mar 23
t Atari landfill dig in New Mexico Desert solves 'ET' mystery
b Rates on student loans set to rise
m Jenny McCarthy: I Am NOT Anti-Vaccine!
b Amazon Pays Workers $5K to Quit
e Jill Abramson's Commencement Address Is Both Pointed and Poignant
b American and US Airways pull fares from Orbitz
t Earth-Like Planet Discovered
m USPSTF suggests Aspirin for Pregnant Women at High Risk of Preeclampsia
m 'Failed' DMD Drug Nears OK in Europe
m Malaria vaccine hunt aided by immune children
e Kanye to wed Kim in US
b Texas' Energy Future files Ch. 11 reorganization
b If you 'like' General Mills on Facebook, you surrender legal rights
e Hollywood Stars Promote 'Captain America' on Beijing Red Carpet
t Google Ads Will Soon Link Inside Mobile Apps
m Gilead Sciences Sees Strong Trading Volume After Analyst Upgrade (GILD)
b PM: No 'Turkish Olympics' to be held in state halls
e Coup? What coup? Some tourists party on in Thailand
b Murdoch's bid for Time Warner rejected
t Watching the Watch Dogs: the ethical hackers protecting our smart cities
b Nikkei ends above 15600 on easier yen, higher Asian markets
m Saudi hospital head sacked as MERS death toll hits 117
e Box Office Guru Wrapup: Noah Rides the Wave to Number One
b Anonymous Twitter user sends SF citizens on cash goose chase
b Thai auto sales plunge 40.5%: Toyota
t Apple replacing batteries of some chosen units of the iPhone 5 for FREE
e Man starts online petition for potato salad, surpasses goal by incredible amount
b Cupcake Empire Crumbles to the Ground
t NASA wants you to take a #globalselfie for Earth Day
m Federal agency reviewing Georgia's backlog in processing Medicaid applications
e Denver's 4/20 rally has huge security presence
t From Kickstarter to exit: how Oculus made billions without building a single product
e '50 Shapes of Grape'? Jimmy Fallon Pranks New Yorkers on '50 Shades of Grey  ...
e Pharrell dominates BET Awards
b RPT-WRAPUP 2-IMF sees rich nations propelling global growth, but risks linger
